The evil Brand X joins a supermarket that becomes a city after closing time. 'Wazir' is a tale of two unlikely friends, a wheelchair-bound chess grandmaster and a brave ATS officer. Brought together by grief and a strange twist of fate, the two men decide to help each other win the biggest games of their lives. But there's a mysterious, dangerous opponent lurking in the shadows, who is all set to checkmate them. Private investigator Matthew Scudder is hired by a drug kingpin to find out who kidnapped and murdered his wife. Twenty-two years after the events of Jurassic Park, Isla Nublar now features a fully functioning dinosaur theme park, Jurassic World, as originally envisioned by John Hammond. John Carter is a war-weary, former military captain who's inexplicably transported to the mysterious and exotic planet of Barsoom (Mars) and reluctantly becomes embroiled in an epic conflict. It's a world on the brink of collapse, and Carter rediscovers his humanity when he realizes the survival of Barsoom and its people rests in his hands. Vengence drives a tough Detroit cop to stay on the trail of a power hungry auto magnate who's systematically eliminating his competition. An Amazon princess comes to the world of Man in the grips of the First World War to confront the forces of evil and bring an end to human conflict. McCall believes he has put his mysterious past behind him and dedicated himself to beginning a new, quiet life. But when he meets Teri, a young girl under the control of ultra-violent Russian gangsters, he can't stand idly by - he has to help her. Armed with hidden skills that allow him to serve vengeance against anyone who would brutalize the helpless, McCall comes out of his self-imposed retirement and finds his desire for justice reawakened. If someone has a problem, if the odds are stacked against them, if they have nowhere else to turn, McCall will help. He is The Equalizer. Some of Sin City's most hard-boiled citizens cross paths with a few of its more reviled inhabitants. Alan Partridge has had many ups and downs in life--national television broadcaster; responsible for killing a guest on live TV; local radio broadcaster; nervous breakdown in Dundee; and a self-published book that was subsequently recalled and pulped. Alan tries to salvage his public career while negotiating a potentially violent turn of events at North Norfolk Digital Radio. Meet Clutch Powers, the best builder and explorer in the LEGO universe as he heads off on his most dangerous mission yet. Join Clutch and his team of experts as their adventure leads them from City to the Space Police prison planet to the medieval world of Ashlar where they must help the rightful heir to the King's throne find the courage to regain the kingdom from the evil wizard Malign. Armed with the astonishing ability to shrink in scale but increase in strength, master thief Scott Lang must embrace his inner-hero and help his mentor, Doctor Hank Pym, protect the secret behind his spectacular Ant-Man suit from a new generation of towering threats. Against seemingly insurmountable obstacles, Pym and Lang must plan and pull off a heist that will save the world. The Croods is a prehistoric comedy adventure that follows the world's first family as they embark on a journey of a lifetime when the cave that has always shielded them from danger is destroyed. Traveling across a spectacular landscape, the Croods discover an incredible new world filled with fantastic creatures -- and their outlook is changed forever. The story of the Tuskegee Airmen, the first African-American pilots to fly in a combat squadron during World War II. The adventures of two California Highway Patrol motorcycle officers as they make their rounds on the freeways of Los Angeles. A multinational expedition discovers a lost city beneath a pyramid, where they must stop the reawakened gods of ancient Egypt from initiating the apocalypse A young boy learns that he has extraordinary powers and is not of this earth. As a young man, he journeys to discover where he came from and what he was sent here to do. But the hero in him must emerge if he is to save the world from annihilation and become the symbol of hope for all mankind. A suburban woman witnesses her husbands murder, and decides to seek revenge in a 24 hr period. Along the way, Polly O'Bannon finds others who share her taste for revenge in the Pinelands of South Jersey. When a strange signal pulsates through all cell phone networks worldwide, it starts a murderous epidemic of epic proportions when users become bloodthirsty creatures, and a group of people in New England are among the survivors to deal with the ensuing chaos after. When a gunman takes five lives with six shots, all evidence points to the suspect in custody. On interrogation, the suspect offers up a single note: "Get Jack Reacher!" So begins an extraordinary chase for the truth, pitting Jack Reacher against an unexpected enemy, with a skill for violence and a secret to keep. A recently slain cop joins a team of undead police officers working for the Rest in Peace Department and tries to find the man who murdered him. Based on the comic by Peter M. Lenkov. The peaceful realm of Azeroth stands on the brink of war as its civilization faces a fearsome race of invaders: orc warriors fleeing their dying home to colonize another. As a portal opens to connect the two worlds, one army faces destruction and the other faces extinction. From opposing sides, two heroes are set on a collision course that will decide the fate of their family, their people, and their home. Life for former United Nations investigator Gerry Lane and his family seems content. Suddenly, the world is plagued by a mysterious infection turning whole human populations into rampaging mindless zombies. After barely escaping the chaos, Lane is persuaded to go on a mission to investigate this disease. What follows is a perilous trek around the world where Lane must brave horrific dangers and long odds to find answers before human civilization falls. Spies, cops and armed children cross paths on a day of danger, mystery and possible transformation. Five unusual characters are unknowingly connected to an extraordinary smuggling operation, as religious conspiracy collides with urban crime. Six children genetically cross-bred with avian DNA, complete with wings, take flight around the country to discover their origins. Vlad Tepes is a great hero, but when he learns the Sultan is preparing for battle and needs to form an army of 1,000 boys, he vows to find a way to protect his family. Vlad turns to dark forces in order to get the power to destroy his enemies and agrees to go from hero to monster as he's turned into the mythological vampire, Dracula. When a nun broke her covenant with God to save the life of  her unborn son, Aman, he was cursed for life. As an adult, Aman has killed those who have crossed him. But his curse brings his victims back to life and they pursue him for revenge, so Aman enlists a young gunman to fight by his side against his undead victims. Ford Brody, a Navy bomb expert, has just reunited with his family in San Francisco when he is forced to go to Japan to help his estranged father, Joe. Soon, both men are swept up in an escalating crisis when Godzilla, King of the Monsters, arises from the sea to combat malevolent adversaries that threaten the survival of humanity. The creatures leave colossal destruction in their wake, as they make their way toward their final battleground: San Francisco. A heightened homage to the City of Angels, Electric Slide riffs on the real-life story of Eddie Dodson, the notorious "Gentleman Bank Robber." With a debonair sophistication and a serious talent for flirt, Dodson managed to lure money from mesmerized female tellers at over 60 banks during an epic spree in the 1980s. When an unexpected enemy emerges and threatens global safety and security, Nick Fury, director of the international peacekeeping agency known as S.H.I.E.L.D., finds himself in need of a team to pull the world back from the brink of disaster. Spanning the globe, a daring recruitment effort begins! Duel of Legends is directed by Hector Echavarria and is about a Chinese boy who is left to survive by himself because his parents were murdered by rebels. The boy is raised by a Temple Monk who teaches the boy the  secrets of the Martial arts. When the child grows up he travels to America were he joins American tournaments in karate where he discovers a dark secret about who actually killed his parents. An action filled martial arts movie with many twist and turns. Based on the '70s UK TV show, The Sweeney is an action-packed British police thriller from the director of Football Factory. Jack Regan (Ray Winstone), a hardened cop who doesn't play by the rules, is confronted with a criminal from his past. With sidekick George Carter (Ben Drew aka Plan B) they are put on the case of a jewellery store heist that ends in a killing. But is that killing really an execution in disguise? With pressure from his boss and the fact that Regan is having an affair with that boss's wife, it's not going to be easy for him to stay out of trouble. Fourteen years after Third Impact, Shinji Ikari awakens to a world he does not remember. He hasn't aged. Much of Earth is laid in ruins, NERV has been dismantled, and people who he once protected have turned against him. Befriending the enigmatic Kaworu Nagisa, Shinji continues the fight against the angels and realizes the fighting is far from over, even when it could be against his former allies. The characters' struggles continue amidst the battles against the angels and each other, spiraling down to what could inevitably be the end of the world. Interpol Inspector Zenigata begins a world-wide hunt for the infamous thief Lupin The 3rd. But together, they face a powerful enemy and form the Lupin team in response. The Lupin team then faces the challenge of retrieving the "Crimson Heart of Cleopatra" locked away in a fort like safe. The treasure is thought to allow its owner to control the world. Construction company owner John Matthews learns that his estranged son, Jason, has been arrested for drug trafficking. Facing an unjust prison sentence for a first time offender courtesy of mandatory minimum sentence laws, Jason has nothing to offer for leniency in good conscience. Desperately, John convinces the DEA and the opportunistic DA Joanne Keeghan to let him go undercover to help make arrests big enough to free his son in return. With the unwitting help of an ex-con employee, John enters the narcotics underworld where every move could be his last in an operation that will demand all his resources, wits and courage to survive. Tarzan, having acclimated to life in London, is called back to his former home in the jungle to investigate the activities at a mining encampment. English folk rock band captured live in performance at the Red Rocks Ampitheatre in Colorado in summer 2012. As well as footage of the concert itself the journey of the band to Red Rocks is explored, from their humble origins in the West London music scene to their ability to sell out the spectacular 10,000 capacity open-air amphitheatre. Peter Parker is an outcast high schooler abandoned by his parents as a boy, leaving him to be raised by his Uncle Ben and Aunt May. Like most teenagers, Peter is trying to figure out who he is and how he got to be the person he is today. As Peter discovers a mysterious briefcase that belonged to his father, he begins a quest to understand his parents' disappearance - leading him directly to Oscorp and the lab of Dr. Curt Connors, his father's former partner. As Spider-Man is set on a collision course with Connors' alter ego, The Lizard, Peter will make life-altering choices to use his powers and shape his destiny to become a hero. Fuelled by his restored faith in humanity and inspired by Superman's selfless act, Bruce Wayne and Diana Prince assemble a team of metahumans consisting of Barry Allen, Arthur Curry and Victor Stone to face the catastrophic threat of Steppenwolf and the Parademons who are on the hunt for three Mother Boxes on Earth. A shady FBI agent recruits a courier to deliver a mysterious package to a vengeful master criminal who has recently resurfaced with a diabolical plan. For a thousand years, the Reapers guarded mankind from the demons that wait in the dark. Now, at the beginning of a new age, the Reapers are betrayed and slaughtered. Only one Reaper remains - Red, and she's out to exact revenge. Burn the Stage: The Movie is the first movie from BTS, going behind-the-scenes of the BTS WINGS TOUR to reveal the full story of the band's meteoric rise to fame.  This unmissable cinema event provides an intimate look at what happens when the most successful global boyband of all time breaks down barriers and invades the mainstream music scene.  Exclusive tour footage and brand-new one-on-one interviews with BTS members give fans an unprecedented glimpse into their lives and an opportunity for everyone to celebrate together in movie theaters worldwide. A thousand years ago, one boy with a dream of becoming a great warrior is abducted with his sister and taken to a land far away from home. Thrown into a world where greed and injustice rule all, Bilal finds the courage to raise his voice and make a change. Inspired by true events, this is a story of a real hero who earned his remembrance in time and history.  Three friends find themselves lost on Skid Row and are captured by an angry homeless gang. Amaluna invites the audience to a mysterious island governed by Goddesses and guided by the cycles of the moon.  Their queen, Prospera, directs her daughter's coming-of-age ceremony in a rite that honours femininity, renewal, rebirth and balance which marks the passing of these insights and values from one generation to the next.  In the wake of a storm caused by Prospera, a group of young men lands on the island, triggering an epic, emotional story of love between Prospera's daughter and a brave young suitor. But theirs is a love that will be put to the test. The couple must face numerous demanding trials and overcome daunting setbacks before they can achieve mutual trust, faith and harmony. Suraj is the only son of widow, Parvati whose husband was killed. He falls in love with Reshma after saving her life from a snake bite. A movie of Ly Hai Director (Vietnamese) It's 1938, but Stan doesn't know the war is over; he's still patrolling the trenches in France, and shoots down a French aviator. Oliver sees his old chum's picture in the paper and goes to visit Stan who has now been returned to the States and invites him back to his home. Mr. Gan shocking news of the death of all TOKAN in Malaysia., Including Mr. Kamil. Mr. Kamil is the father of Suri and Wana, was also the largest TOKAN in Malacca. There are 7 other Tokan under his authority, including Matt Lobe.  Mat Lobe is one of the youngest TOKAN among other TOKAN in Malacca. Mat Lobe is a funny and playful. Suri, Wana, Yusof and Solihin also often stirred by Matt Lobe  Solihin is one of the TOKAN in Malacca. Solihin is a creative in drug manufacturing processes. He spent a lot of time in the laboratory to process and study new drugs produced by him. Yusof moved to Kuala Lumpur to find a job and was offered a job at a factory owned by Mr. Kamil. After working for a few months at the factory, Mr. Kamil has taken Yufos as his own son. Yusof was taken as security guards and bodyguards of Mr. Kamil. Diyva and Karan Saxena are in love and plan to marry. Karan has a younger step-brother, Vivek Saxena who he looks after him as though he were his own brother. Divya and Vivek hang out with quite a few young people of their own age, Atul, Vijay, Prem, Ashok, Nita, Rashmi, Niki, and Priti, just to name a few. Two male members try to sexually molest Divya, and get a sound thrashing from Karan. After apologizing, these two members decide to avenge their beating and humiliation. After entrapping Divya, they sexually molest her to such an extent that Divya attempts to kill herself. Unknown to Divya, she was the lover of Kapil a snake with magical powers, in a previous life. Their love life was shattered by an angry sage who cursed them with separation until the 21st century. Divya, who was called Vasundhara in her previous life, dies after this curse, and is reborn as Divya. Inspired by cognitive psychology experiments of the mid-twentieth century, secret government mind-control programs, and the Hindu concepts of Maya (illusion) and the Shakuna Vimana (UFOs), "Vajra Cymaticon" explores in an offbeat spirit the forces of psychological control and self-delusion in an aesthetic that highlights the illusory nature of cinema and the logic of dreams. Jenny McLean is a single mom working at a 911-call center struggling to make ends meet and raise her two kids, Elsie and Luke. Although still reeling from her divorce, Jenny can't help but flirt when she gets emergency calls from Jeff, a local firefighter she nicknames "Cowboy" for his handsome voice. When Jeff is hurt in the line of duty, he finds himself unable to climb stairs and needing to rent a first floor room from Jenny. It isn't long before the sparks are flying but can Jenny allow herself to take the risk? Two meat salesmen (Romano, James) will stop at nothing to get a sale. Every dope boy is enticed by the flip, the flip of long money in a short time. So when Baby Mama gets locked up, Lucci is pulled deeper into the fast lane of money, power and hoes. Can Lucci live through the double-crossing game of trappin' in the hood? Can he flip the trap game for the rap game? Well they say he trap or die...So how do you get out the life when the life is a trap? Trapp Life. Jenny McLean is a single mom working at a 911-call center struggling to make ends meet and raise her two kids, Elsie and Luke. Although still reeling from her divorce, Jenny can't help but flirt when she gets emergency calls from Jeff, a local firefighter she nicknames "Cowboy" for his handsome voice. When Jeff is hurt in the line of duty, he finds himself unable to climb stairs and needing to rent a first floor room from Jenny. It isn't long before the sparks are flying but can Jenny allow herself to take the risk? When the crazed commander (Eli Danker) of a sadistic army in Moldavia kidnaps an American photojournalist (Daniella Deutscher) and holds her hostage, his misguided actions ignite a targeted response from Maj. Don Harding (Marshall R. Teague) and his trained squad of special forces soldiers. With help from a local schoolteacher (Scott Adkins) who's trained in martial arts, Maj. Harding readies his troops for an all-out offensive. Amir, Rosham and Megat are best friends and each of them has big dreams. But things turn upside down when one of them finds a jewelry box that belongs to mafias King and Kong. Their lives are threatened when they become the target of the mafias who want their jewelry back. Armed robber and career criminal Jack Cregan seeks to discover the truth behind his father's murder and his stolen heist money and in doing so puts his life in danger. The devastation that Jack soon discovers puts his very own existence into question. Krrish and his father Rohit must team up to save the world from a psychokinetic evil man named Kaal and his army of mutants. Qin Hao's car accident caused him to have an instinct for speed while concealing fear. Qin Hao made a living on a daily basis and on one day received a small shareholder of the CDF team, Liu Xiaofei, and came to a black market. The black market drift he saw rekindled his dream of racing. Under the guidance of the tutor Chen Zihao, drift technology has advanced by leaps and bounds. He has begun to work hard towards his own dreams, but he has been riddled with thorns on his dream journey. Not only does he face trials from affection, love, and friendship, he also needs to overcome his inner fears. In the end, Qin Hao chose to persist and won the champion of the National Drift Contest. Happy Days is an adaptation of Samuel Beckett's challenging absurdist drama, a play most would deem unfilmable. Faithfully adhering to Beckett's minimalist original, a black parody of love, marriage, and our search for meaning in an unfathomable universe, the piece consists of but two pathetic characters. One, wife Winnie, spends the duration of the drama half-buried in a pile of dirt; in true Beckett fashion, her predicament is never explained. The other character, husband Willie, is almost never seen. Dublin stage and screen veteran Rosaleen Linehan, in the lead, is exceptional as the trapped woman clinging to the empty, arbitrary routines and rituals of life, ever hopeful that 'this is going to be a happy day.  Three storylines interweave in Border Line. Kurosawa (Murakami Jun) finds himself driving a taciturn young man named Matsuda (Sawaki Tetsu) halfway to Hokkaido, after accidentally knocking him off his bike; their fragile bond can last only so long. The housewife Aikawa Misa (Aso Yumi) tries desperately to hold her family together when her husband gets laid off and her son is so frightened of bullies at school that he throws up in the car; she's reduced to taking a McJob in a convenience store. And Miyaji (Mitsuishi Ken), who collects debts for a yakuza gang, gets into trouble when his partner Kitajima puts personal need above duty. The story "from zero to hero" of a teenager named Bishma who has martial arts talent. His outstanding talent never realized because his mother always trying to keep him from anything associated with martial arts. In the last moments of World War II, a secret Nazi space program evaded destruction by fleeing to the Dark Side of the Moon. During 70 years of utter secrecy, the Nazis construct a gigantic space fortress with a massive armada of flying saucers. A deadly game of cat and mouse ensues when a double cross by two hit men sees a business deal go sour and leaves The Target running for his life. A creepy couple kidnaps a teenage outcast and locks her in their basement with their seemingly kindhearted adolescent son - who harbors a terrifying secret involving the forces of evil. When a teenage garage band loses their lead singer, they must overcome their prejudices or risk missing out on the biggest gig of their lives. Stephen Chow returns as Chow Sing-Sing, the obnoxious undercover cop who seems to get into all sorts of trouble, only this time he doesn't go back to school. Instead, Chow goes undercover as the husband of a wealthy socialite (Anita Mui), which doesn't sit well with his fiancee played by Cheung Man who tries to convince Chow to quit working as undercover. A father on vacation wakes up separated from his family and races through the woods to find them. In Ancient Greece 1200 B.C., a queen succumbs to the lust of Zeus to bear a son promised to overthrow the tyrannical rule of the king and restore peace to a land in hardship. But this prince, Hercules, knows nothing of his real identity or his destiny. He desires only one thing: the love of Hebe, Princess of Crete, who has been promised to his own brother. When Hercules learns of his greater purpose, he must choose: to flee with his true love or to fulfill his destiny and become the true hero of his time. The story behind one of the greatest myths is revealed in this action-packed epic - a tale of love, sacrifice and the strength of the human spirit. The ruffles king forbids music for his kingdom and gets cursed for it. The king's right hand secretly wishes to take the throne and tries to kill the king, but the cursed king just would not die. Later when the king's right hand figures out how to kill the king and takes over the kingdom. The left-for-dead king gets local's support whom secretly kept practicing the art of music aids the king for the final battle to get the kingdom back from murderous king's right hand. The story follows a band of courageous bodyguards headed by Yang Liu An (Fan Siu Wong), and tasked by General Ma Bao (Ray Lui) with escorting his daughter Chen Yuanyuan (Lanni Li), concubine to the recently deceased Ming emperor Wu Sangui, and her son, the last hope of the Ming Dynasty, to safety. En route, they must fend off the attacks of enemy general Hala (Chen Zhi Hui), as well as Ma Bao's treacherous second-in-command Ma Biao (Shi Yanneng), all the while being closely watched by the mysterious Zhu You (Andrew Lin). Though Wu Sangui and Chen Yuanyuan are real historical figures, the film plays fast, furious and loose with history, and presents itself like a late little brother to Teddy Chen's Bodyguards and Assassins, on a wider geographical scale but - obviously - smaller spectacular scale. Set in 1941 in Murmansk. A ferryboat ships prisoners and ammunition to battle line to help the fighting against German army. The crew must elude the attack from German warcrafts and control the prisoners' riot. Amir goes to pick his friend Ali from the airport, where he finds out that Ali's ex-wife, Ghazal has taken her son Ardalan with her illegally and most probably will emigrate soon. Despite all his personal problems, Amir takes Ali to his office to help him find his ex-wife and son. China's first peacekeeping military film "China Blue Helmet" tells the story of the current Chinese peacekeeping force's officers and men in Africa's resolute implementation of President Xi's "building a community of human destiny", strictly fulfilling the mission entrusted by the United Nations, and dispatching the "Bing King" The operational team headed by Du Feng risked his life and rescued the UN investigation team from the terrorists, thus preventing a war that was triggered, maintaining the order of the refugee camp and safeguarding the rights and interests of the refugees. But the young soldiers also sacrificed their lives in order to maintain peace in Africa during this operation... "Love Is Not Enough" directed by Drilon Hoxha's screenplay and photographs by Ashton Asllan, brought as an action movie intertwined with drama and intrigue. Love is not enough to achieve the set goals and is seen as an obstacle, and you have to make a pact with the world of crime and often sacrifice friends and family for ambition. The only value left to the human being is fading over time and is being replaced by the rebellious anger. The film illustrates a young man who regains freedom but does not divide that command and illuminated by an old professor who gives advice and commands from prison. The perpetrators and law of survival comes instinctively from the need of self-defense. A movie that makes us love more people, the world, nature, and respect lives more.  A family on a road trip is stalked by criminals who stashed stolen money in their car. Upcoming Scifi Actioner directed by Jason McTeigue Livingston is trying to merge the Russians, Chinese and Italian gangsters into one group with huge amounts of money and power. FBI agent Susan and DEA agent Max are trying to stop them. Game of Assassins is about General Tu Jia who trains a trio of young assassins to seek revenge against villainous King of Wei. And one of the assassins succumbs to the dark side for temptation of wealth and power. Zhang a middle aged man struggling with a dead end job as an insurance sales person, on the verge of divorce with his wife, losing custody of her daughter and on top of all this he had to take care of his father who's suffering Alzheimer's. Unknowingly Zhang was invited to join an underground fighting game for financial purposes but eventually Zhang becomes hooked on the fights and turns professional. In a turbulent time in the Ming Dynasty, the Imperial Bodyguard solves humans' cases, while the Jinwu Guard takes charge of ghosts' and monsters' business. Eunuch Wei seizes great power and suppresses dissidents. Colluding with the monster Huo Feiyuan, he framed up Feng Tingzhang, the Director of the Grand Court. Zuo Changgeng, Feng's disciple, accidentally gets involved in the Jinwu Guard's monster hunting as he investigates the treasury's theft case. Though despising the Jinwu Guard, Zuo Changgeng has no choice but to ask the Jinwu Guard for help to save his master. Yi Shuihan is an upright half-human and half-monster member of the Jinwu Guard. Zuo and Yi work together and investigate in the humans' and monsters' worlds, before they gradually see through Eunuch Wei's intrigue. But the Jinwu Guard is framed up and then controlled by Eunuch Wei, and Yi and Zuo fall into Huo's trap. It turns out that Huo is the mastermind behind everything to destroy the Qianyuan Formation that ... A somewhat self-aware zombie takes it upon himself to keep the rest of the walking dead at bay. When Bond's latest assignment goes gravely wrong and agents around the world are exposed, MI6 is attacked forcing M to relocate the agency. These events cause her authority and position to be challenged by Gareth Mallory, the new Chairman of the Intelligence and Security Committee. With MI6 now compromised from both inside and out, M is left with one ally she can trust: Bond. 007 takes to the shadows - aided only by field agent, Eve - following a trail to the mysterious Silva, whose lethal and hidden motives have yet to reveal themselves. Jake is a driver for a seedy escort service operating out of 'The Naked Eye strip club', he's a street thug type who falls for a witty high-class escort named Sandy. Except one night Sandy is found murdered, the only clues left behind are cell phone calls made the night she died. To avenge Sandy's death Jake must risk everything and walk a bloody path to find her killer. A family man who turns out to be a retired mob enforcer must travel across the country to find his daughter who has gone missing. Athili Sathi Babu (Ravi Teja) is a smalltime thief in Hyderabad. A small girl comes to Sathi Babu claiming that he is her father. Later on it is revealed that there is a look-alike of Sathi Babu in the form of Vikram Singh Rathod who had an impeccable track record as IPS officer. His past in Chambal valley catches up with him. The rest of the story is all about how these look-alikes' take care of baddies. In an alternate world, humanity and vampires have warred for centuries. After the last Vampire War, the veteran Warrior Priest lives in obscurity with other humans inside one of the Church's walled cities. When the Priest's niece is kidnapped by vampires, the Priest breaks his vows to hunt them down. He is accompanied by the niece's boyfriend, who is a wasteland sheriff, and a former Warrior Priestess. Teenage Dazhi because the network operating gifted, became civilian agents. Meng Xiaoling Xianpinaifu childhood orphanage, follow rich second Duha gold to Italy a shopping spree, spending billions of dollars you want to buy gold Duha Expo Street, but vehemently opposed by the local people. Linda premeditated gang sets out the Duchenne property use password setup, collect money to hire a hacker, Dazhi to recover Ling, Tong Fu cracked major exotic. Four Navy SEALs on a covert mission to neutralize a high-level Taliban operative must make an impossible moral decision in the mountains of Afghanistan that leads them into an enemy ambush. As they confront unthinkable odds, the SEALs must find reserves of strength and resilience to fight to the finish. Bollywood 1961 People always told Santos he was something special. His Uncle told him to get a skill, so he became a hustler and with his three,they became "The Stick Up Kids" Harlem would never be the same. They thought they had it all... Money, cars, the lifestyle and the lingo. The only two words They didn't know were JURISDICTION AND GENTRIFICATION but in their world it was all for one and one for all until an unexpected, mysterious death, forced "The Stick Up Kids"to change their focus from doing crime to stopping the "North Manhattan Project". Now it was up to Santos to pull off one last sting before it destroyed them all. Watch out America. 'The Stick Up Kids" are coming to your town! Since he first kept vampire bats in his bathroom as a child, Rodrigo has dedicated his life to bats. Now Tequila is at stake. Rodrigo's beloved lesser long-nosed bat pollinates the plants the drink is made from. To save both Rodrigo must track the bats' epic migration across Mexico - braving hurricanes, snakes, Mayan tombs and seas of cockroaches. Inspector Srivastav is framed by a wily and cunning gangster, J.K., and unable to prove his innocence, hangs himself, leaving behind his wife, and son, Vijay. Years later, Vijay has grown up and has joined the police force as an Inspector. Unlike his dad, he is corrupt and does accept bribes to turn a nelson's eye to crime. The City Police are assigned the task of apprehending a customed man called "Shahenshah", who operates at night and targets, tries and kills gangsters in a "Judge and Executioner "style. No one knows the real identity of Shahenshah, as he is feared by the police department, and respected by the poor and middle-class. A henchman who is loyal to his boss falls in love with a woman who changes his views on life and decides to mend his violent ways. Hamid has live in poverty since young and is often ridiculed due to his poor condition. Nevertheless, his will to live grows stronger as he fights for his family`s survival at Hutton Road, Penang. Hamid is then put under the care of a Tomoi master and his Uncle Don. He trains to become the best. His heroic virtues gain him respect among his friends and cause terror among his enemies. However, troubles begin to unfold as Hamid gets involved in the world of gangsterism, headed by his Uncle Don in Chowrasta. After a near-death experience, Hamid finally turns a new leaf. Agreeing to his mother`s request to pursue his studies, he enrolls as an engineering student at ITM. Directed by Faisal Ishak, the film is the sequel to the first "Juvana", it focuses more outside of school ground as Daim and the gang have graduated from Wira Bakti High School. John Gregory, who is a seventh son of a seventh son and also the local spook, has protected the country from witches, boggarts, ghouls and all manner of things that go bump in the night. However John is not young anymore, and has been seeking an apprentice to carry on his trade. Most have failed to survive. The last hope is a young farmer's son named Thomas Ward. Will he survive the training to become the spook that so many others couldn't? Floyd Mayweather Jr. vs. Conor McGregor, also known as "The Money Fight" is a boxing match between undefeated eleven-time five-division professional boxing world champion Floyd Mayweather Jr. and two-division mixed martial arts world champion and current UFC Lightweight Champion Conor McGregor. In 1863, Mississippi farmer Newt Knight serves as a medic for the Confederate Army. Opposed to slavery, Knight would rather help the wounded than fight the Union. After his nephew dies in battle, Newt returns home to Jones County to safeguard his family but is soon branded an outlaw deserter. Forced to flee, he finds refuge with a group of runaway slaves hiding out in the swamps. Forging an alliance with the slaves and other farmers, Knight leads a rebellion that would forever change history. First installment of the V-Cinema Kamen Rider Ex-Aid Trilogy: Another Ending will focus on the characters of Hiiro Kagami (Kamen Rider Brave) and Taiga Hanaya (Kamen Rider Snipe). Saki, who is supposed to have disappeared, shows up and Hiiro is concerned. However, Lovelica was behind her reappearance and he is controlling her! Also, Luke Kidman, a mysterious American who is fond of Nico appears at Taiga's hospital. However, he starts showing Lovelica's Game Disease symptoms in front of Taiga, he didn't know that Lovelica is revived after he was killed by Cronus. The destiny of both heroes is put in jeopardy by the worst game plot ever. And God Kuroto Dan, lurking in the shadows has plans of his own... Second installment of the V-Cinema Kamen Rider Ex-Aid Trilogy: Another Ending will focus on the characters of Parado (Kamen Rider Para-DX) and Poppy Pipopapo (Kamen Rider Poppy). Saiko Yaotome is a doctor dedicated to recovery treatments and heads "Let's Make Bugsters", a new training game created for the recovery of people that disappeared. The test run has Emu raising Parado and Saiko raising Poppy. There is something different about the Parado in the game, though. The "real" Parado has been trapped and he faces his mysterious double, with the strength of the bond with Emu. Final installment of the V-Cinema Kamen Rider Ex-Aid Trilogy: Another Ending will focus on the characters of Kuroto Dan (Kamen Rider Genm) and Kiriya Kujo (Kamen Rider Lazer). Genm has awoken! Kuroto Dan has obtained the God Maximum Mighty X and the world falls into the chaos that is Zombie Chronicle. Kiriya has found the key to face the power that not even Muteki can overcome and after receiving a certain message from Masamune, he faces Genm. What will become of these two and of the world? Jack's left with a debt with the mob that will be hard to repay. Marrying the car dealer's illegal immigrant girlfriend may be the only way out. A mild-mannered father is transformed into a killing machine after his family is torn apart by a violent act. Taking place on the last day of the Creeper's twenty-three-day feeding frenzy, as the skeptical Sergeant Tubbs teams up with a task force hellbent on destroying the Creeper for good. The Creeper fights back in gory glory as its enemies grow closer than ever before to learning the secret of its dark origins. In the rolling landscape of Appalachia, beauty resides within each valley and atop the crest of each hill. But under the surface of this delicate veneer, a treacherous underbelly lies. A world stricken with drugs, guns, money, and the Mountain Mafia rules all. Forced underground by the next ice age, a struggling outpost of survivors must fight to preserve humanity against a threat even more savage than nature. After completing a covert mission in southern Thailand, CIA agent Gunja finds herself forced to fight off operatives who've been ordered to take her out at all costs. She survives and after two years of laying low, re-emerges in Bangkok to face her old foes and foil a plot to detonate a bomb in the city. The Film brings to its viewers, a hitherto unseen and unheard narrative of one of the greatest musicians the world has ever known: A. R. Rahman New CIA operative Aaron Cross experiences life-or-death stakes that have been triggered by the previous actions of Jason Bourne. Based on the award winning short film, Blood Shot is the story of a cop named Rip whose life falls apart as he chases a terminator-like vampire, who happens to be a hitman for the CIA. They must join forces to stop a terrorist cell before its too late, battling through obstacles such as a harem, giant eunuch, demon-genie, and even explosive midgets.  Jack Ryan, as a young covert CIA analyst, uncovers a Russian plot to crash the U.S. economy with a terrorist attack. Two brothers live in the economically-depressed Rust Belt, when a cruel twist of fate lands one in prison. His brother is then lured into one of the most violent crime rings in the Northeast. The Texas Rangers chase down a gang of outlaws led by Butch Cavendish, but the gang ambushes the Rangers, seemingly killing them all. One survivor is found, however, by an American Indian named Tonto, who nurses him back to health. The Ranger, donning a mask and riding a white stallion named Silver, teams up with Tonto to bring the unscrupulous gang and others of that ilk to justice. After his career is destroyed, a brilliant but arrogant surgeon gets a new lease on life when a sorcerer takes him under her wing and trains him to defend the world against evil. Ray Breslin is the world's foremost authority on structural security. After analyzing every high security prison and learning a vast array of survival skills so he can design escape-proof prisons, his skills are put to the test. He's framed and incarcerated in a master prison he designed himself. He needs to escape and find the person who put him behind bars. Five friends who reunite in an attempt to top their epic pub crawl from 20 years earlier unwittingly become humankind's only hope for survival. In the near future, Major is the first of her kind: a human saved from a terrible crash, then cyber-enhanced to be a perfect soldier devoted to stopping the world's most dangerous criminals. Runaway Tracy is snatched from a dangerous L.A. neighborhood by sadistic thugs while searching for her homeless boyfriend. Her police detective mom races against time to rescue Tracy from the big money, high crime world of sex trafficking. In high school, Schmidt was a dork and Jenko was the popular jock. After graduation, both of them joined the police force and ended up as partners riding bicycles in the city park. Since they are young and look like high school students, they are assigned to an undercover unit to infiltrate a drug ring that is supplying high school students synthetic drugs. A city in Washington state awakens to the surreal sight of foreign paratroopers dropping from the sky--shockingly, the U.S. has been invaded and their hometown is the initial target. Quickly and without warning, the citizens find themselves prisoners and their town under enemy occupation. Determined to fight back, a group of young patriots seek refuge in the surrounding woods, training and reorganizing themselves into a guerrilla group of fighters. In RoboCop, the year is 2028 and multinational conglomerate OmniCorp is at the center of robot technology.  Overseas, their drones have been used by the military for years, but have been forbidden for law enforcement in America.  Now OmniCorp wants to bring their controversial technology to the home front, and they see a golden opportunity to do it.  When Alex Murphy - a loving husband, father and good cop doing his best to stem the tide of crime and corruption in Detroit - is critically injured, OmniCorp sees their chance to build a part-man, part-robot police officer.  OmniCorp envisions a RoboCop in every city and even more billions for their shareholders, but they never counted on one thing: there is still a man inside the machine. On the outskirts of a small mountain town, retired farmer Hank Taylor decides to pull down an old dead tree that sits on the edge of his property. Hank soon discovers something strange buried in the ground beneath...something large, metallic and not of this earth. Dormant for over 200 years, the object's power returns, resurrecting the hibernating occupants from a long slumber and turning the Taylor farm into an arena of heart-pounding terror. As the inhabitants of the farm take refuge in the secluded farm house, a group of mysterious covert government agents callously monitors the situation. Why have the Aliens traveled to Earth? Are the Government Agents hiding something? A group of friends and family descend into the Everglades swamplands for their annual hunting trip only to discover that they are the ones being hunted. A malevolent entity is tracking them and they begin to realise one of their party may be possessed by something brought home from a tour of duty in the Middle East - a demon of war so horrible and deadly they are unaware of its devilish presence. Or are they facing something even more unspeakable, a legendary Native American curse about to unleash its dreadful legacy of thirsting for colonial revenge by claiming more souls? The Nephilim appear to man in the days of antiquity, and now they have returned. Travis Brown, an unsuspecting pawn in the game of humanity, is about to unleash the power of darkness. A speeding truck sends Robert into purgatory, with the probability of a warm climate. He escapes to Earth and tries to fix things before purgatory catches up with him. Greek general Themistokles attempts to unite all of Greece by leading the charge that will change the course of the war. Themistokles faces the massive invading Persian forces led by mortal-turned-god, Xerxes and Artemesia, the vengeful commander of the Persian navy. In feudal China, a blacksmith who makes weapons for a small village is put in the position where he must defend himself and his fellow villagers. A gritty crime saga which follows the lives of an elite unit of the LA County Sheriff's Dept. and the state's most successful bank robbery crew as the outlaws plan a seemingly impossible heist on the Federal Reserve Bank. Fourteen hundred years ago, a tormented soul walked the earth that was neither man nor god. Hercules was the powerful son of the god king Zeus, for this he received nothing but suffering his entire life. After twelve arduous labors and the loss of his family, this dark, world-weary soul turned his back on the gods finding his only solace in bloody battle. Over the years he warmed to the company of six similar souls, their only bond being their love of fighting and presence of death. These men and woman never question where they go to fight or why or whom, just how much they will be paid. Now the King of Thrace has hired these mercenaries to train his men to become the greatest army of all time. It is time for this bunch of lost souls to finally have their eyes opened to how far they have fallen when they must train an army to become as ruthless and blood thirsty as their reputation has become. Germany, May 1945, deep in the Harz Mountains a U.S. tank crew discovers a platoon of Germans preparing to ambush U.S. supply trucks. Investigative journalist Eddie Brock attempts a comeback following a scandal, but accidentally becomes the host of Venom, a violent, super powerful alien symbiote. Soon, he must rely on his newfound powers to protect the world from a shadowy organization looking for a symbiote of their own. A DEA agent and an undercover Naval Intelligence officer who have been tasked with investigating one another find they have been set up by the mob -- the very organization the two men believe they have been stealing money from. Evan Lake, a veteran CIA agent, has been ordered to retire. But when his protege uncovers evidence that Lake's nemesis, the terrorist Banir, has resurfaced, Lake goes rogue, embarking on a perilous, intercontinental mission to eliminate his sworn enemy. Direct to DVD movie: The German U-Boat, U-234, from the Port of Kiel is trading cargo with the Japanese. USS Seaviper must locate and stop this dangerous exchange. The Captain of USS Seaviper must go ashore to conduct reconnaissance on an island near Sumatra, but the ship is left in the hands of Mister Cutter, after the Executive Officer is injured in battle. A conflict between Cutter and the Chief of the Boat puts the submarine in jeopardy. Seaviper is trapped below the surface, with decreasing oxygen, and a Japanese destroyer hunting them from above. Damage to the boat also leave her survival in question. They must fight the Japanese destroyer and get the information about U-235 back to Pearl Harbor. In the futuristic action thriller Looper, time travel will be invented but it will be illegal and only available on the black market. When the mob wants to get rid of someone, they will send their target 30 years into the past where a looper, a hired gun, like Joe is waiting to mop up. Joe is getting rich and life is good until the day the mob decides to close the loop, sending back Joe's future self for assassination. A journalist, his girlfriend and the obligatory group of hard-partying teens are butchered by a masked psycho near a lake. Lucille (Linnea Quigley) is murdered by crime boss Severin (Jim O'Rear) and his thugs, goes to hell and returns five years later as a demon / zombie to get her revenge. Based on the comic book by Hideo Azuma. Following a ghost invasion of Manhattan, paranormal enthusiasts Erin Gilbert and Abby Yates, nuclear engineer Jillian Holtzmann, and subway worker Patty Tolan band together to stop the otherworldly threat. The city needs heroes. Darkness has settled over New York City as Shredder and his evil Foot Clan have an iron grip on everything from the police to the politicians. The future is grim until four unlikely outcast brothers rise from the sewers and discover their destiny as Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. The Turtles must work with fearless reporter April and her wise-cracking cameraman Vern Fenwick to save the city and unravel Shredder's diabolical plan. Abby and Luca are circus acrobats, travelling from town to town to perform their duet. Their love relationship is falling apart. As they are driving in their small camping-car to the next theater, they have to confront their problems to regain trust in each other. Extreme athlete turned government operative Xander Cage comes out of self-imposed exile, thought to be long dead, and is set on a collision course with deadly alpha warrior Xiang and his team in a race to recover a sinister and seemingly unstoppable weapon known as Pandora's Box. Recruiting an all-new group of thrill-seeking cohorts, Xander finds himself enmeshed in a deadly conspiracy that points to collusion at the highest levels of world governments. A young boy whose parents are going through a bitter divorce, is given hope and courage through the powerful stories embellished by his grandfather. The stories give the boy the inner strength and resolve to confront the inevitable challenges which lie ahead. Four everyday suburban guys come together as an excuse to escape their humdrum lives one night a week. But when they accidentally discover that their town has become overrun with aliens posing as ordinary suburbanites, they have no choice but to save their neighborhood - and the world - from total extermination. When Tony Stark's world is torn apart by a formidable terrorist called the Mandarin, he starts an odyssey of rebuilding and retribution. Happy speaks with someone in the park and takes a trip to the moon on a rocket that looks like the front half of a current racing car, where he is made king of the moon. A ballerina does a shimmy and Our Hero winds up back in the park being accosted by a cop. The inference is that he has fallen asleep and dreamed the entire trip. In a world where human beings and puppets live together, when the members of the cast of a children's television show aired during the 1990s begin to get murdered one by one, puppet Phil Philips, a former LAPD detective who fell in disgrace and turned into a private eye, takes on the case at the request of his old boss in order to assist detective Edwards, who was his partner in the past. After watching their respective partners die, a cop and a hitman form an alliance in order to bring down their common enemy. 32nd generation Chinese Shaolin Fighting Monk Li Bao Xin must immigrate to New York City to look after young Janie, his six-year-old niece. Struggling to make a new life, Li Bao will face challenges that test his character more than his physical strength. Through it all, his mind remains filled with the heroic stories of the Shaolin Temple, a great tradition that defines him, but also makes his assimilation to western culture more difficult. While in China he was a venerated master, in America he is nobody. To make a life for him and Janie, Li Bao must contend with a modern society, where his great fighting skills and heroic lineage have little meaning. He will have to decide which is more important, his dreams or his family. In modern day New York City a ninety eight year old women lies helpless on her death bed. As her granddaughter begins to take on the chores of cleaning the apartment, she comes upon a story that her grandmother had been writing. It is the story of Blooming Flowers. The account is from her younger days as a journalist of her 1935 trip to a remote village hidden along the border of China and Cambodia. Teenage assassin sets out on a long voyage to gun down a witness under protection program, who luxuriates in the artificial worlds of Las Vegas. An everyday man has only three and a half days and limited resources to discover why he was imprisoned in a nondescript room for 20 years without any explanation. The separation of a long married couple goes awry when they fall for each other again. Los Angeles, 1949. Ruthless, Brooklyn-born mob king Mickey Cohen runs the show in this town, reaping the ill-gotten gains from the drugs, the guns, the prostitutes and -- if he has his way -- every wire bet placed west of Chicago. And he does it all with the protection of not only his own paid goons, but also the police and the politicians who are under his control. It's enough to intimidate even the bravest, street-hardened cop... except, perhaps, for the small, secret crew of LAPD outsiders led by Sgt. John O'Mara and Jerry Wooters who come together to try to tear Cohen's world apart. Infamous London gangster cousins, Micky Mannock and Ray Collishaw, are at the top of the food chain, when their world is turned upside down as they lose a shipment of the Russian Mafia's cocaine in rough seas. Set in London, Amsterdam and Berlin, the story races across Europe at breakneck speed as Micky and Ray attempt to stay one step ahead of the Police. Can they pull off a daring diamond heist in time to put things right and retire to a "legitimate" way of life. In the mystical realm of Ryntia, the forces of the underworld are aligning to unleash a plague of evil upon the surface. The deadly bat-like Blood Reavers, the Saurian Maurauders, the Orcish Warmongers and the feline Shadow-cat mercenaries have pledged their respective clans to the service of Bre'Gwen, queen of the deep elves. Together they seek to destroy the human and Elven kingdoms and rule all of Ryntia in the name of evil. Kai--an outcast--joins Oishi, the leader of 47 outcast samurai.  Together they seek vengeance upon the treacherous overlord who killed their master and banished their kind.  To restore honour to their homeland, the warriors embark upon a quest that challenges them with a series of trials that would destroy ordinary warriors. The year is 2029. John Connor, leader of the resistance continues the war against the machines. At the Los Angeles offensive, John's fears of the unknown future begin to emerge when TECOM spies reveal a new plot by SkyNet that will attack him from both fronts; past and future, and will ultimately change warfare forever. A group of young people stuck in the small Texas town of Fossil Ridge have to fight for their lives against dinosaurs that have been reanimated by a local scientist. In a dystopian future, Dredd, the most famous judge (a cop with instant field judiciary powers) is convicted for a crime he did not commit while his murderous counterpart escapes. Following the death of District Attorney Harvey Dent, Batman assumes responsibility for Dent's crimes to protect the late attorney's reputation and is subsequently hunted by the Gotham City Police Department. Eight years later, Batman encounters the mysterious Selina Kyle and the villainous Bane, a new terrorist leader who overwhelms Gotham's finest. The Dark Knight resurfaces to protect a city that has branded him an enemy. Tom and Anna Wright, a young American couple, fall into severe debt while renovating Anna's family home in London. As the couple faces the loss of their dream to have a house and start a family, they discover that the tenant in the apartment below them is dead, and he's left behind a stash of cash--$400,000 worth. Though initially hesitant, Tom and Anna decide that the plan is simple: all they have to do is quietly take the money and use only what's necessary to get them out of debt. But when they start spending the money and can't seem to stop, they find themselves the target of a deadly adversary--the thief who stole it--and that's when very bad things start happening to good people. A gang of bank robbers team up with the residents of an old people's home to try to survive a zombie outbreak. Lara Croft, the fiercely independent daughter of a missing adventurer, must push herself beyond her limits when she finds herself on the island where her father disappeared. After his family is kidnapped during their sailing trip in Spain, a young Wall Street trader is confronted by the people responsible: intelligence agents looking to recover a mysterious briefcase. About a mother who takes her children and flees an abusive ex-husband with the help of Ray Liotta's character. The Iraq war has turned from 'Mission Accomplished' into a hellhole with an indeterminate outcome. There are no WMDs. No links to Al Qaeda. No imminent threat as promised by the administration. In an alternate reality, a group of angry and disgruntled U.S. soldiers set out on a suicide mission to uncover the truth. Doing the unthinkable, they kidnap the Commander in Chief and interrogate him using the same techniques they were trained to inflict upon the people whose country they invaded. A set of six nested stories spanning time between the 19th century and a distant post-apocalyptic future. Cloud Atlas explores how the actions and consequences of individual lives impact one another throughout the past, the present and the future. Action, mystery and romance weave through the story as one soul is shaped from a killer into a hero and a single act of kindness ripples across centuries to inspire a revolution in the distant future.  Based on the award winning novel by David Mitchell. Directed by Tom Tykwer and the Wachowskis. A zombie outbreak has fallen upon the land in this reimagining of Jane Austen's classic tale of the tangled relationships between lovers from different social classes in 19th century England. Feisty heroine Elizabeth Bennet (Lily James) is a master of martial arts and weaponry and the handsome Mr. Darcy (Sam Riley) is a fierce zombie killer, yet the epitome of upper class prejudice. As the zombie outbreak intensifies, they must swallow their pride and join forces on the blood-soaked battlefield in order to conquer the undead once and for all. In the world's most dangerous prison, a new game is born: Death Race. The rules of this adrenaline-fueled blood sport are simple, drive or die. When repentant convict Carl Lucas discovers there's a price on his head, his only hope is to survive a twisted race against an army of hardened criminals and tricked-out cars. The true story, based on a Deathbed Confession, about what really happened to Frank Morris and the Anglin brothers who escaped from Alcatraz Prison in 1962. They made it- but what happened next is shocking. Investigated by the US Marshals. From DC Comics comes the Suicide Squad, an antihero team of incarcerated supervillains who act as deniable assets for the United States government, undertaking high-risk black ops missions in exchange for commuted prison sentences. Construction worker Douglas Quaid discovers a memory chip in his brain during a virtual-reality trip. He also finds that his past has been invented to conceal a plot of planetary domination. Soon, he's off to Mars to find out who he is and who planted the chip. In the winter of 1820, the New England whaling ship Essex is assaulted by something no one could believe--a whale of mammoth size and will, and an almost human sense of vengeance. Katniss Everdeen reluctantly becomes the symbol of a mass rebellion against the autocratic Capitol. An apocalyptic story set in the furthest reaches of our planet, in a stark desert landscape where humanity is broken, and most everyone is crazed fighting for the necessities of life. Within this world exist two rebels on the run who just might be able to restore order. In Pakistan's Khyber Pakhtunkhua, RAW Agent Vinod (Saif Ali Khan) is rescued by colleague Rajan (Ravi Kishan) from a rogue Pakistani army officer (Shahbaz Khan). In Russia/Uzbekistan, an ex-KGB Officer is tortured and murdered. In Cape Town, a group of international business tycoons discusses a rumor that the dead KGB officer possessed a nuclear suitcase bomb. In Moscow, Rajan is exposed and shot dead while trying to send a Code Red message to India. In India, the head of RAW sees the incomplete message containing just number 242. Agent Vinod undertakes a globe-trotting secret mission to discover the reason why his colleague, Rajan, was murdered. A series of twists and turns take Vinod across the globe to Morocco and Latvia, Karachi to Delhi and finally London where he discovers the actual conspiracy. A true immigrant story set against the vibrant backdrop of Flushing, N.Y. in the 1980s and 1990s. In Istanbul, retired CIA operative Bryan Mills and his wife are taken hostage by the father of a kidnapper Mills killed while rescuing his daughter. Sean Anderson partners with his mom's boyfriend on a mission to find his grandfather, who is thought to be missing on a mythical island. The coming-of-age story of Cayden Richards. Forced to hit the road after the murder of his parents, Cayden wanders lost without purpose... Until he meets a certifiable lunatic named Wild Joe who sets him on a path to the ominous town of Lupine Ridge to hunt down the truths of his history. But in the end| who's really hunting whom? When the Sultan's first born is taken by an evil sorcerer, Sinbad is tasked with traveling to a desert of magic and creatures to save her. When the crew of the Enterprise is called back home, they find an unstoppable force of terror from within their own organization has detonated the fleet and everything it stands for, leaving our world in a state of crisis.  With a personal score to settle, Captain Kirk leads a manhunt to a war-zone world to capture a one man weapon of mass destruction. As our heroes are propelled into an epic chess game of life and death, love will be challenged, friendships will be torn apart, and sacrifices must be made for the only family Kirk has left: his crew. For the past two years, high-school security guard Ben has been trying to show decorated APD detective James that he's more than just a video-game junkie who's unworthy of James' sister, Angela. When Ben finally gets accepted into the academy, he thinks he's earned the seasoned policeman's respect and asks for his blessing to marry Angela. Knowing that a ride along will demonstrate if Ben has what it takes to take care of his sister, James invites him on a shift designed to scare the hell out of the trainee. But when the wild night leads them to the most notorious criminal in the city, James will find that his new partner's rapid-fire mouth is just as dangerous as the bullets speeding at it. Agents J and K are back...in time. J has seen some inexplicable things in his 15 years with the Men in Black, but nothing, not even aliens, perplexes him as much as his wry, reticent partner. But when K's life and the fate of the planet are put at stake, Agent J will have to travel back in time to put things right. J discovers that there are secrets to the universe that K never told him - secrets that will reveal themselves as he teams up with the young Agent K to save his partner, the agency, and the future of humankind. A group of stick-up kids rob a mafia run strip club and head for the border but when they enter the town of Redstone, they find that crime is a dish best served cold! Kane Hodder (Friday the 13th, Hatchet) takes the title role as Sheriff Slade Sickle, a man with a true appetite for justice! The film co-stars Tiffany Shepis (Nightmare Man, Dark Reel) and Rena Riffel (Showgirls, Mulholland Dr.) in this carnage-filled tribute to American Grind-House cinema.  Horror Legend Kane Hodder (Friday the 13th, Hatchet) is Sheriff Slade Sickle, and when a group of stick up kids arrive in his town, they find that justice is a dish best served cold. Expect buckets of blood, bullets and mayhem in this tribute to American Grindhouse.  - Written by Anonymous (IMDb) Betrayed by his own kind and left for dead on a desolate planet, Riddick fights for survival against alien predators and becomes more powerful and dangerous than ever before. Soon bounty hunters from throughout the galaxy descend on Riddick only to find themselves pawns in his greater scheme for revenge. With his enemies right where he wants them, Riddick unleashes a vicious attack of vengeance before returning to his home planet of Furya to save it from destruction. A team of CIA agents and special forces head into Afghanistan in the aftermath of the September 11th attacks in an attempt to dismantle the Taliban. 200 years after his shocking creation, Dr. Frankenstein's creature, Adam, still walks the earth. But when he finds himself in the middle of a war over the fate of humanity, Adam discovers he holds the key that could destroy humankind. A pair of investigators team up with a Special Forces Unit to venture deep inside a war raging between the military and a massive army of Nazi Zombie Stormtroopers. Their mission is to fight their way behind enemy lines, locate the technology at the source of this growing threat and prevent the seemingly inevitable rise of the 4th Reich. Asian Hawk (Jackie Chan) leads a mercenary team to recover several lost artifacts from the Old Summer Palace, the bronze heads of the 12 Chinese Zodiac animals which were sacked by the French and British armies from the imperial Summer Palace in Beijing in 1860. Assisted by a Chinese student & a Parisian lady, Hawk stops at nothing to accomplish the mission. One moment some 80 people are walking on a big city street. Suddenly a blinding light appears that transports them to a very peculiar racing course. A voice sounds in everybody's head : "The school, the house and the prison are safe. Follow the arrows or you will die. Stay on the path or you will die. If you're doubled twice, you will die. Do not touch the grass or you will die. Race or die." Whether you're rich or poor, old or young, blind, strong, handicapped, courageous or a coward; the rules make no distinction. There can be only one winner ! After getting a taste for blood as children, Hansel and Gretel have become the ultimate vigilantes, hell-bent on retribution. Now, unbeknownst to them, Hansel and Gretel have become the hunted, and must face an evil far greater than witches... their past. Wolverine faces his ultimate nemesis - and tests of his physical, emotional, and mortal limits - in a life-changing voyage to modern-day Japan. In a dystopian Detroit, grand houses that once housed the wealthy are now homes of the city's most-dangerous criminals. Surrounding the area is a giant wall to keep the rest of Detroit safe. For undercover cop Damien Collier, every day is a battle against corruption as he struggles to bring his father's killer, Tremaine, to justice. Meanwhile, Damien and an ex-con named Lino work together to save the city from a plot to destroy it. Deadpool tells the origin story of former Special Forces operative turned mercenary Wade Wilson, who after being subjected to a rogue experiment that leaves him with accelerated healing powers, adopts the alter ego Deadpool. Armed with his new abilities and a dark, twisted sense of humor, Deadpool hunts down the man who nearly destroyed his life. Miles Monroe, a clarinet-playing health food store proprietor, is revived out of cryostasis 200 years into a future world in order to help rebels fight an oppressive government regime. A freak tsunami traps shoppers at a coastal Australian supermarket inside the building ... along with a 12-foot great white shark. When mankind beams a radio signal into space, a reply comes from 'Planet G', in the form of several alien crafts that splash down in the waters off Hawaii. Lieutenant Alex Hopper is a weapons officer assigned to the USS John Paul Jones, part of an international naval coalition which becomes the world's last hope for survival as they engage the hostile alien force of unimaginable strength. While taking on the invaders, Hopper must also try to live up to the potential that his brother, and his fiancee's father, Admiral Shane, expect of him. When an evil spirit known as Pitch lays down the gauntlet to take over the world, the immortal Guardians must join forces for the first time to protect the hopes, beliefs and imagination of children all over the world. In the middle of the next century, a spaceship loses its bearings, and the commander of another space crew, seemingly on a routine check flight, decides to investigate. The result is an unusual suspense adventure. A wise-ass on delivery detail ends up on the wrong side of the mob. The controversial and moving tale of a struggling young Cork musician. We are introduced to the world of Cork hip-hop, its bitter rivalries, and the people behind the profanity. Devoted lifeguard Mitch Buchannon butts heads with a brash new recruit. Together, they uncover a local criminal plot that threatens the future of the Bay. A dentist is desperate for patients. His wife has an idea how he might acquire them. She meets some men in the street and takes them to their flat where, just at the right moment, they are caught by her jealous husband. Naturally they pretend that they have come to have their teeth pulled out. Finally all of them conspire against the dentist in front of the house and throw themselves at the poor man. The adventures of teenager Max McGrath and alien companion Steel, who must harness and combine their tremendous new powers to evolve into the turbo-charged superhero Max Steel. After a campus-wide zombie outbreak a slacker college student must protect his younger brother while becoming the unlikely leader of a small band of quirky survivors. Once home to the most advanced civilization on Earth, Atlantis is now an underwater kingdom ruled by the power-hungry King Orm. With a vast army at his disposal, Orm plans to conquer the remaining oceanic people and then the surface world. Standing in his way is Arthur Curry, Orm's half-human, half-Atlantean brother and true heir to the throne. Two veterans of the Bosnian War, one American, one Serbian, who clash in the remote Smoky Mountain wilderness. Jack Harper is one of the last few drone repairmen stationed on Earth.  Part of a massive operation to extract vital resources after decades of war with a terrifying threat known as the Scavs, Jack's mission is nearly complete.  His existence is brought crashing down when he rescues a beautiful  stranger from a downed spacecraft.  Her arrival triggers a chain of events that  forces him to question everything he knows and puts the fate of humanity in his hands. Calvin Jacobs (Landon Beard) discovers the body of a young woman who has been beaten and left for dead. He recognizes her as Robin, a college crush from his undergraduate years. Unknowingly, Calvin has just taken his first steps into a dark and dangerous world. It is not long before Robin (Lillian Bornstein) returns to Calvin with a bold request -- she wants him to kill the man that victimized her. After he reunites with an old pal through Facebook, a mild-mannered accountant is lured into the world of international espionage. An ordinary Lego mini-figure, mistakenly thought to be the extraordinary MasterBuilder, is recruited to join a quest to stop an evil Lego tyrant from gluing the universe together. The Prophecy is True, It Will Happen No Matter What... The military's attempt to shoot down an orbiting satellite unleashes a space-borne epidemic on a remote, small town. Deputy Max Brody and his girlfriend Brooke must battle their way through an army of infected townsfolk and soldiers as they struggle to save themselves and their loved ones from a horrible, early death. When cannibalism is contagious, will even the strong survive? Having escaped years of imprisonment, vampire warrioress Selene finds herself in a changed world where humans have discovered the existence of both Vampire and Lycan clans and are conducting an all-out war to eradicate both immortal species. Now Selene must battle the humans and a frightening new breed of super Lycans to ensure the death dealers' survival. Clerics are psi-enhanced women warriors with the ability to see potential future outcomes of events and can manipulate reality. Maya becomes the target of the Russian mafia after her husband, a successful American businessman, is killed. During a space voyage, four scientists are altered by cosmic rays: Reed Richards gains the ability to stretch his body; Sue Storm can become invisible; Johnny Storm controls fire; and Ben Grimm is turned into a super-strong ... thing. Together, these "Fantastic Four" must now thwart the evil plans of Dr. Doom and save the world from certain destruction. A wandering baba initiates a widower layer and his youngest daughter, irritating her boyfriend Satya and the ever-skeptical Nibaran. A traumatized shark expert (Halle Berry) must battle her own fears to lead a thrill-seeking businessman on a dive into a dangerous section of water known as "Shark Alley." A group of survivors trapped in a New York apartment fight to stay alive against legions of zombies. Since their discovery in 1947, the Dead Sea Scrolls have proven to be among the most important finds ever, informing mankind of its origins and, since they hold a 2,000-year-old incarnation of the Bible, charting religious and sociological history. Learn how archaeologists found them and how the entire world reacted to their discovery, and watch a reenactment that purports to trace just how the documents ended up where they did. After a series of murders occur, two vampire hunters and some FBI agents hunt down the empress vampire who caused the mayhem. Regent Horthy is the leader of Hungary and a German ally, but his favorable standing with Hitler changes as the war comes to an end. Forced to cede Hungary's power or else witness the execution of his son, Regent Horthy gives up control of his country to the Nazis, who quickly move Hungarians to ghettos and death camps, with no hope in sight. But the despair changes when a young man named Elek emerges. Separated from his family during the relocations and aided by the woman he loves , Elek defies the enemy by becoming one of them. In a race against time, disguised as a Nazi Officer he embarks on a mission to save his family and thousands of his countrymen. A parasitic alien soul is injected into the body of Melanie Stryder. Instead of carrying out her race's mission of taking over the Earth, "Wanda" (as she comes to be called) forms a bond with her host and sets out to aid other free humans. A global quest for adventure, 45 years in the making all in stunning, original footage When his brother-in-law runs afoul of a drug lord, family man Chris Farraday turns to a skill he abandoned long ago--smuggling--to repay the debt. But the job goes wrong, and Farraday finds himself wanted by cops, crooks and killers alike. Something sinister has come to the shores of Erin Island, unbeknownst to the quaint population of this sleepy fishing village resting somewhere off Ireland's coast. First, some fishermen go missing. Then there is the rash of whale carcasses suddenly washing up on the beach. When the murders start, it's up to two mismatched cops - an irresponsible alcoholic and his new partner, a by-the-book woman from the mainland - to protect the townsfolk from the giant, bloodsucking, tentacled aliens that prey upon them. Their only weapon, they discover, is booze. If they want to survive the creatures' onslaught, everyone will have to get very, very drunk! A tale about a kid, a samurai mime, and a stripper who all try to defeat a warlord and an evil clown who have successfully turned a countryside into a never ending nightmare filled with horrible monsters. The defiant leader Moses rises up against the Egyptian Pharaoh Ramses, setting 400,000 slaves on a monumental journey of escape from Egypt and its terrifying cycle of deadly plagues. A cop finds himself in a race against time to find a kidnap victim whose abductor he accidentally killed. Aaron Eckhart stars as Frank Penny, a disgraced cop looking for a shot at redemption. When the police chief's 11-year-old daughter is abducted, Frank goes rogue to try and save her. But to find the girl, Frank will need the help of Ava Brooks, whose live-streaming news channel is broadcasting Frank's every move. While a city watches, Frank and Ava race against time in this explosive action-thriller. Chen Ping protects a young boy named "Christophe" from his kidnappers. In the year 2159, two classes of people exist: the very wealthy who live on a pristine man-made space station called Elysium, and the rest, who live on an overpopulated, ruined Earth. Secretary Rhodes (Jodie Foster), a hard line government official, will stop at nothing to enforce anti-immigration laws and preserve the luxurious lifestyle of the citizens of Elysium. That doesn't stop the people of Earth from trying to get in, by any means they can. When unlucky Max (Matt Damon) is backed into a corner, he agrees to take on a daunting mission that, if successful, will not only save his life, but could bring equality to these polarized worlds.  In a world where families are limited to one child due to overpopulation, a set of identical septuplets must avoid being put to a long sleep by the government and dangerous infighting while investigating the disappearance of one of their own. In New York City, Clary Fray, a seemingly ordinary teenager, learns that she is descended from a line of Shadowhunters -- half-angel warriors who protect humanity from evil forces. After her mother disappears, Clary joins forces with a group of Shadowhunters and enters Downworld, an alternate realm filled with demons, vampires, and a host of other creatures. Clary and her companions must find and protect an ancient cup that holds the key to her mother's future. After a publisher changes a writer's debut novel about a deadly assassin from fiction to nonfiction, the author finds himself thrust into the world of his lead character, and must take on the role of his character for his own survival. A young woman refuses to bow down to the local criminal kingpin who wants to take control of her late mother's flower shop in order to run drugs. However, when he crosses the line, she and her siblings seek revenge. Three best friends and dedicated roleplayers take to the woods to reenact a dungeons and dragons-like scenario as a live action role-playing game. Trouble arises when a prop spellbook purchased from the internet ends up being a genuine grimoire and they unwittingly conjure up a blood-lusting succubus from hell. A procedural drama in which the FBI and NSA are investigating the deaths of officials who turn out to be part of a cabal to incite and profit from a war between U.S.A. and Iran. In Manhattan, a bike messenger picks up an envelope that attracts the interest of a dirty cop, who pursues the cyclist throughout the city. SMOKED is a controversial dark comedy about the misadventures of three gutter punk stoners whose housewarming party ends in flames. In their desperation, they create a half baked plan to rob an Oakland Cannabis Club.  The stoners rob the club without knowing that the clubs owner is notorious crack kingpin Tyrone Shank. In retribution, Shank unleashes the contract killers known only as: The Four Horsemen.  The hunt sends a wave of violence across the city as backyard brawls give way to frenzied shootouts while they try to escape through the criminal underworld. Ninjas, clowns, and freestyle rappers all get caught in the increasingly bizarre crossfire.  Acclaimed underground Bay Area performers bring savage action and sharp dialogue together with an all original soundtrack!  Cash. Crops. Corpses. They all burn the same... With civilization in ruins, man called upon his primal instincts to survive. Hunters and scavengers alike made their way in this savage land.  But when the Northern Warlords united,  skulls cracked and spirits broke, as they conquered everything in their path.  Now, deep in the Outlands, a partisan movement, known as Vox Populi, stands their ground against an enemy bred for battle.  After discovering a weakness in the Colonial garrison, Vox Populi comes out of hiding to strike at the heart of the Colonial army. This is a short movie Trilogy, each chaper 15 minutes long. Ray Owens is sheriff of the quiet US border town of Sommerton Junction after leaving the LAPD following a bungled operation. Following his escape from the FBI, a notorious drug baron, his gang, and a hostage are heading toward Sommerton Junction where the police are preparing to make a last stand to intercept them before they cross the border. Owens is reluctant to become involved but ultimately joins in with the law enforcement efforts A petty robbery spirals into a tense hostage situation after three gunmen hold up a diner that's a front for the mob. A mysterious warrior teams up with the daughter and son of a deposed Chinese Emperor to defeat their cruel Uncle, who seeks their deaths. Mina, a young college student, has her life ripped away after her family is killed. When she finds out their murder was part of a botched kidnapping to return her to her real father--a terrorist in the middle east. Sinaloa hitchhikes into Texas to meet Merle, her half-sister by way of their dead country musician father. As the two get to know each other, Sinaloa's chaotic influence starts to unravel Merle's quiet, comfortable life. While the family music legacy brought Sinaloa to Austin, she won't leave without taking revenge against the people who stole her daddy away years ago. A team of space scavengers discovers superior alien technology that threatens the balance of the known universe. Hotly pursued by a rival crew of intergalactic mercenaries, the Revelator crew must fight through the deepest reaches of space to locate and protect the life-altering device. A career criminal (Gibson) nabbed by Mexican authorities is placed in a tough prison where he learns to survive with the help of a 9-year-old boy. An ex-cop turned con threatens to jump to his death from a Manhattan hotel rooftop. The NYPD dispatch a female police psychologist to talk him down. However, unbeknownst to the police on the scene, the suicide attempt is a cover for the biggest diamond heist ever pulled. An epic tale about a supremely intelligent young African-American male who rises from the ferocious and oppressive streets of North Philadelphia to being a shining star in the lucrative world of high finance at Wall Street's most prestigious firm. However, he soon finds that the white-collar world is filled with crime and death just like the drug-filled hood he left behind. His only chance of survival is to fully integrate a mysterious gift from a slain childhood friend fully into the fabric of his character. Many thousands of years in the future, Earth's cities roam the globe on huge wheels, devouring each other in a struggle for ever diminishing resources. On one of these massive traction cities, the old London, Tom Natsworthy has an unexpected encounter with a mysterious young woman from the wastelands who will change the course of his life forever. After selling his soul to a sorceress Robin is killed in battle. Distraught over these horrific turn of events Marian and Little John attempt to resuscitate Robin and his Merry Men. In doing so they inadvertently have turned the one-time heroes into the living dead and worse, the ghostly reincarnations are now hunting down Marian and Little John. So the pair attempt to seek out a new potion that will free these tormented souls from their demonic possession. Love, Guns & Christmas is a dark comedy about two men in the witness protection program. After a few years in hiding, they sneak back into town for Christmas to see their friends while dodging the mafia and the police whose protection they will lose if caught. The plot is a loose autobiographical interpretation of the life of Vernon and Irene Castle, interspersed among a typical melodrama of the period Framed for crimes against the country, the G.I. Joe team is terminated by Presidential order. This forces the G.I. Joes into not only fighting their mortal enemy Cobra; they are forced to contend with threats from within the government that jeopardize their very existence. Maleficent and her goddaughter Aurora begin to question the complex family ties that bind them as they are pulled in different directions by impending nuptials, unexpected allies, and dark new forces at play. Hired to enact revenge on a man who savagely beat a beautiful Russian debutant, Jack Verlaine is pressed between his newly acquired job and a persistent man named, Brill, who offers him a chance to advance higher in his seedy career. But when an estranged lover reappears in Verlaine's regimented existence, he soon realizes the new elements in his life may be just a plot to uncover his true identity. JW is serving hard time in prison and struggling to get back on an honest path. There are glimmers of hope in his life - some venture capitalists are interested in a new piece of trading software he's developed, and while behind bars he's made peace with an old enemy. This all proves to be an illusion. On leave from prison, and back in contact with his former gang, JW learns that once you've walked in the shoes of a criminal there just may be no going back. A businessman, on his daily commute home, gets unwittingly caught up in a criminal conspiracy that threatens not only his life but the lives of those around him. When a covert mission to rescue a kidnapped CIA operative uncovers a chilling plot, an elite, highly trained U.S. SEAL team speeds to hotspots around the globe, racing against the clock to stop a deadly terrorist attack. Set in the near future, Lockout follows a falsely convicted ex-government agent , whose one chance at obtaining freedom lies in the dangerous mission of rescuing the President's daughter from rioting convicts at an outer space maximum security prison. Two top CIA operatives wage an epic battle against one another after they discover they are dating the same woman. After being released from prison, Bobby goes back to the mob connected streets. When forced to make a life altering decision the truth is revealed that he was too blind to see. An unemployed lingerie buyer convinces her bail bondsman cousin to give her a shot as a bounty hunter. Her first assignment is to track down a former cop on the run for murder - the same man who broke her heart years before. With the help of some friends and the best bounty hunter in the business, she slowly learns what it takes to be a true bounty hunter. While working undercover as a bodyguard to arms dealer Harry, former-soldier-turned-secret-service-agent Ewan survives a bloody shootout with a member of an Islamic terrorist cell who steals Harry's briefcase full of Semtex explosives and escapes. Ewan's spymasters task Ewan with hunting down the cell members and retrieving the briefcase. A dangerous CIA renegade resurfaces after a decade on the run. When the safe house he's remanded to is attacked by mercenaries, a rookie operative escapes with him. Now, the unlikely allies must stay alive long enough to uncover who wants them dead. Adan & Samuel, twin brothers who dream of success as cinema stunt men, become entangled with mafia after accepting an obscure assignment. Now, they are in for the fight of their lives. And this time, it's real. Julian, who runs a Thai boxing club as a front organization for his family's drug smuggling operation, is forced by his mother Crystal to find and kill the individual responsible for his brother's recent death. Iconoclastic, take-no-prisoners cop John McClane, finds himself for the first time on foreign soil after traveling to Moscow to help his wayward son Jack - unaware that Jack is really a highly-trained CIA operative out to stop a nuclear weapons heist. With the Russian underworld in pursuit, and battling a countdown to war, the two McClanes discover that their opposing methods make them unstoppable heroes. Derek and Hansel are modelling again when an opposing company attempts to take them out from the business. Run Boy Run is the true story of Jurek, an eight-year-old boy, who escapes from the Warsaw ghetto, then manages to survive in the woods and working as a farmhand, disguising himself as a Polish orphan. He encounters people who will betray him for a reward, who will beat him up or try to kill him, and he meets those, who will do and risk almost everything to help him. Jurek's resilience is put to the ultimate test, when an accident cripples him, making it harder to find work. But he struggles on against all odds. Eventually the Russians reach his area and Jurek even finds a family where he could stay. Yet he is betrayed again, and a young man from a Jewish orphanage forcefully tries to bring Jurek back to his people and his faith. A 27-year-old construction worker must take over his father's business in order to save his family. Motivated by financial hardship, Red and his lifelong friends fall into a lifestyle of hatred and thirst for revenge. Together, they are faced with a dilemma that will test their morals, faith, and ultimately, their loyalties to each other. In a world that refuses to let the working man thrive, they want a better way. President Lincoln's mother is killed by a supernatural creature, which fuels his passion to crush vampires and their slave-owning helpers. Five years after a zombie outbreak, the men and women of R-Division hunt down and destroy the undead. When they see signs of a second outbreak, they fear humanity may not survive. Pancho (Juan Manuel Rodil) is an independent filmmaker from Buenos Aires which is pushed by his grandfather Faust (Horacio Dener), to go after the loot of Butch Cassidy, who lived in Cholila (Chubut) between 1901 and 1905. Pursued by Commissioner Galvez (Oscar Huberty) for a crime he did't commit, Pancho will intersect with Nancy (Carla Pandolfi) and Anibal (Adrian Garavano). They will help him to find the treasure before Dimitri (Hernan Varela) a heartless professional searcher. The story of four high school boys whose undefeated basketball season and friendship are threatened after a drive-by shooting leaves one of them in a coma and one of them with a secret. Brent Fencett, Jed Bracken, and T.J. Lewis are star players on the Charlevoix High School Basketball team; Jackson Carlson is their most obnoxious fan. They are unbeaten on the court and inseparable off it - until Brent gets caught up in his older brother's mixed up life. The consequences of Brent's choice leave T.J. in the hospital, and Brent's soul in turmoil. Written by Frontier Boys Quan is a humble London businessman whose long-buried past erupts in a revenge-fueled vendetta when the only person left for him to love - his teenage daughter - dies in a senseless act of politically-motivated terrorism. His relentless search to find the terrorists leads to a cat-and-mouse conflict with a British government official whose own past may hold the clues to the identities of the elusive killers. In a universe where human genetic material is the most precious commodity, an impoverished young Earth woman becomes the key to strategic maneuvers and internal strife within a powerful dynasty... The modern world holds many secrets, but by far the most astounding is that witches still live among us; vicious supernatural creatures intent on unleashing the Black Death upon the world and putting an end to the human race once and for all. Armies of witch hunters have battled this unnatural enemy for centuries, including Kaulder, a valiant warrior who many years ago slayed the all-powerful Witch Queen, decimating her followers in the process. In the moments right before her death, the Queen cursed Kaulder with immortality, forever separating him from his beloved wife and daughter. Today, Kaulder is the last living hunter who has spent his immortal life tracking down rogue witches, all the while yearning for his long-lost family. Paan Singh Tomar (Hindi: paan siNh tomr) is an Indian biographical film, based on the true story of an athlete Paan Singh Tomar employed by the Indian Army and who won a gold medal at Indian National Games, but was forced to become a notorious bandit . When college students sign up for what seems a simple paid research study, they soon realize their lives are in danger. Unfortunately they've unknowingly volunteered their bodies as human collateral in an ongoing U.S. Military experiment. A blood virus infects a small group of hunters turning a father and son trip into a fight for survival. We always knew they were coming back. Using recovered alien technology, the nations of Earth have collaborated on an immense defense program to protect the planet. But nothing can prepare us for the aliens' advanced and unprecedented force. Only the ingenuity of a few brave men and women can bring our world back from the brink of extinction. Jason Mackenzie, a lightning powered vigilante, is called into action when an ancient Scottish creature, The Caillech, returns to our world and plans to destroy it in three days. Man drugs, photographs &amp; tortures women he meets by personal ads. Her husband's health suddenly devastated by a terminal bone disease, a desperate young woman finds her search for alternative treatment leading to unexpectedly grave consequences. Major Bill Cage is an officer who has never seen a day of combat when he is unceremoniously demoted and dropped into combat. Cage is killed within minutes, managing to take an alpha alien down with him. He awakens back at the beginning of the same day and is forced to fight and die again... and again - as physical contact with the alien has thrown him into a time loop. Professor Ayres discovers a secret in an ancient stone and when he opens a crypt, he revives zombies that kill him. He had invited three couples to visit him in his manor to reveal his discovery. However, they never get around to meeting the professor. Out of the blue, the zombies attack them and they seek shelter in the mansion. At the height of the Cold War, a mysterious criminal organization plans to use nuclear weapons and technology to upset the fragile balance of power between the United States and Soviet Union. CIA agent Napoleon Solo and KGB agent Illya Kuryakin are forced to put aside their hostilities and work together to stop the evildoers in their tracks. The duo's only lead is the daughter of a missing German scientist, whom they must find soon to prevent a global catastrophe. After his family is killed by a Serbian gangster with international interests. NYC detective Nick goes to S.E. Asia and teams up with a Thai detective to get revenge and destroy the syndicates human trafficking network. A former agent of the CIA and his estranged daughter go on the run after his employers target them for assassination. Bloom Towne is a small-town sheriff under the thumb of the well-established, deeply influential Mayor Dick Cavanaugh's family. When Bloom's two teenage sons, Nate and Skylar accidentally shoot and kill Dick during a deer-hunt, Bloom's long-held allegiance to the reigning Cavanaugh clan is tested. Skylar (still a minor) decides to take the wrap for his older brother Nate, claiming he fired the fatal shot. The Cavanaugh family's quick retaliation sends Skylar on his way to county jail, soon to be tried as an adult. Desperate and guilt-ridden, Nate breaks Skylar out of jail and sets off a chain of lawless acts, which send them deep into the woods and on the run. Bloom's choice between the law and his sons leads to revelations of old family secrets that threaten to destroy everything he loves. The thrilling second chapter of the epic How To Train Your Dragon trilogy brings back the fantastical world of Hiccup and Toothless five years later. While Astrid, Snotlout and the rest of the gang are challenging each other to dragon races (the island's new favorite contact sport), the now inseparable pair journey through the skies, charting unmapped territories and exploring new worlds. When one of their adventures leads to the discovery of a secret ice cave that is home to hundreds of new wild dragons and the mysterious Dragon Rider, the two friends find themselves at the center of a battle to protect the peace. A decade after his heroic defeat of the monstrous Kraken, Perseus-the demigod son of Zeus-is attempting to live a quieter life as a village fisherman and the sole parent to his 10-year old son, Helius. Meanwhile, a struggle for supremacy rages between the gods and the Titans. Dangerously weakened by humanity's lack of devotion, the gods are losing control of the imprisoned Titans and their ferocious leader, Kronos, father of the long-ruling brothers Zeus, Hades and Poseidon. A high school biology teacher moonlights as a mixed-martial arts fighter in an effort to raise money to save the school's music program. The last Gunslinger, Roland Deschain, has been locked in an eternal battle with Walter O'Dim, also known as the Man in Black, determined to prevent him from toppling the Dark Tower, which holds the universe together. With the fate of the worlds at stake, good and evil will collide in the ultimate battle as only Roland can defend the Tower from the Man in Black. Angela Vidal, the young television reporter who entered the building with the firemen, manages to make it out alive. But what the soldiers don't know is that she carries the seed of the strange infection. She is to be taken to a provisional quarantine facility, a high-security installation where she will have to stay in isolation for several days. An old oil tanker, miles off shore and surrounded by water on all sides, has been especially equipped for the quarantine. After Kick-Ass' insane bravery inspires a new wave of self-made masked crusaders, he joins a patrol led by the Colonel Stars and Stripes. When these amateur superheroes are hunted down by Red Mist -- reborn as The Mother Fucker -- only the blade-wielding Hit-Girl can prevent their annihilation. A clown doll possessed by a demon goes on a bloody rampage of murder after being found and taken into a home.  A young California surfer has to grow up in a hurry when he is thrown into a Peruvian political prison in 1980. After years of killing for a man only known as "The Boss", Serena is burnt out. When she is hired for one final job, she teams up with an underground renegade group to stop her replacement from executing the assassination. Everything changes for Eva when she receives an insurance settlement check accidentally made out for $5,000,000 instead of the expected $50.000. She and her best friend take the money and head out for the adventure of a lifetime. Master thief Will Montgomery is just released from the State penitentiary after serving a 10 year sentence, is contacted by Vincent, his ex comrade in crime, who is holding Will's teenage daughter ransom in a hijacked taxi cab. Vincent will only surrender her when Will reveals the whereabouts of the 20 million dollars he contrived to conceal from their last robbery. After a former elite agent rescues a 12-year-old Chinese girl who's been abducted, they find themselves in the middle of a standoff between Triads, the Russian Mafia and high-level corrupt New York City politicians and police. After a Soviet space station crashes into a New York City subway tunnel, a species of venomous spiders is discovered, and soon they mutate to gigantic proportions and wreak havoc on the city.  Starring Patrick Muldoon, Christa Campbell, directed by Tibor Takacs. Originally called "Spiders 3D" but now simply "Spiders" When the moral values of a longtime wetwork black ops agent is tested during his last operation, he receives an unfavorable psych evaluation. Now he is given a break and a seemingly uncomplicated assignment of simply protecting the security of a young female code announcer, code resources and remote station they are assigned to. After an ambush and one phone call later, it becomes a complicated fight for their survival. In a world without government, the surviving Unisols maintain order and choose the strongest of their ranks to rule, testing them in life-or-death combat. In the 1820s, a frontiersman, Hugh Glass, sets out on a path of vengeance against those who left him for dead after a bear mauling. A Marine Biologist is assigned to investigate the mysterious deaths of marine life in an inland salt water lake that have been attributed to a creature thought to have been the stuff of legend. When legions of monstrous creatures, known as Kaiju, started rising from the sea, a war began that would take millions of lives and consume humanity's resources for years on end. To combat the giant Kaiju, a special type of weapon was devised: massive robots, called Jaegers, which are controlled simultaneously by two pilots whose minds are locked in a neural bridge. But even the Jaegers are proving nearly defenseless in the face of the relentless Kaiju. On the verge of defeat, the forces defending mankind have no choice but to turn to two unlikely heroes--a washed-up former pilot (Charlie Hunnam) and an untested trainee (Rinko Kikuchi)--who are teamed to drive a legendary but seemingly obsolete Jaeger from the past. Together, they stand as mankind's last hope against the mounting apocalypse. When her father seemingly goes missing, divorcee Laura LeCrois is forced to return home after a 20-year hiatus. However, home is not the way Laura remembers it. Her father is in major debt with the bank, her ex-boyfriend is the town sheriff, and her ex-husband has quit his job as a world-renowned professor who is now suspiciously buying up swampland in the area. In an effort to save the swamp and to pass the time, Laura decides to work the dying family business giving boat tours of the Louisiana swamp. But on her first sunset tour, deep in the swamp, Laura and her passengers witness two Bayou swamp rats toss a squirming body into a gator pit, only the gators aren't the ones that feast on the flesh. Instead it's the most terrifying creature Laura has ever seen...(IMDB,com) In TInseltown, the world of scheming and dreaming reaches a particularly nasty low when a powerful producer known as the 'Senator' hatches a plan to undermine the future success of his shady arch rival, the 'Master' in more ways than one.  His plot begins with the simple delivery of a silver briefcase.  But nothing is simple in Hollywood.  The case goes missing, which sets off a chain of events that are categorically not part of the plan.  The Senator engages the best of his team to locate the package, but doesn't count on the tenacity of two thugs who now have the mystery prize in their curious possession. Alongside Night is the story of the final economic collapse of the United States as seen through the eyes of 16-year-old Elliot Vreeland, searching for his missing Nobel-laureate-economist father, and the mysterious teenage "Lorimer" whom Elliot meets in a black-market underground, whose own father might be the reason Elliot's father is missing. Aadhi, a smart and suave smuggler in Bangkok, falls in love with a waitress. However, he finds himself in trouble when she frames him for all the crimes committed by his look-alike, Bhagavan When the creator of a popular video game system dies, a virtual contest is created to compete for his fortune. Wealthy thrill-seekers pay huge premiums to have themselves inserted into military adventures, only this time things don't go exactly to plan. im Crawley (Michael Manasseri - WEIRD SCIENCE, LICENSE TO DRIVE, DIRTY LOVE, BABYSITTER WANTED) is having a really bad day. He gets fired from his job at the nuclear power plant, his car is towed, he discovers his wife is having an affair, then a kind man who saves his life turns out to be an evil scientist. Jim is abducted by the scientist and infected with a deadly mosquito-borne virus that is spreading across the planet. Turns out all those years of exposure to nuclear radiation and rabid mosquito DNA don't mix very well. Unfortunately for the scientist (RICKY WAYNE) and anyone else whoever wronged Jim, vengeance comes in the form of the half man-half mosquito. Set after the events of Continental Drift, Scrat's epic pursuit of his elusive acorn catapults him outside of Earth, where he accidentally sets off a series of cosmic events that transform and threaten the planet. To save themselves from peril, Manny, Sid, Diego, and the rest of the herd leave their home and embark on a quest full of thrills and spills, highs and lows, laughter and adventure while traveling to exotic new lands and encountering a host of colorful new characters. The story of a woman who must find her kidnapped son, navigating a world she doesn't know, on the edge of danger with every heartbeat. The Algerian is an international political thriller about the colliding worlds of the Middle East and America. It follows Ali (Ben Youcef) across the world from Algeria to New York, Las Vegas and Los Angeles as it reveals he is a sleeper cell part of an international plot. Navy Lt. Tom Farrell meets a young woman, Susan Atwell , and they share a passionate fling. Farrell then finds out that his superior, Defense Secretary David Brice, is also romantically involved with Atwell. When the young woman turns up dead, Farrell is put in charge of the murder investigation. He begins to uncover shocking clues about the case, but when details of his encounter with Susan surface, he becomes a suspect as well. When notorious criminal Jacob Sternwood is forced to return to London, it gives detective Max Lewinsky one last chance to take down the man he's always been after. Axe Giant - The Wrath of Paul Bunyon is a dark, contemporary take on the tall tale. Kids at a first-time offenders' boot camp discover the legend of lumberjack Paul Bunyan is real, but is much more horrifying than they could have imagined. They incur the wrath of the 15-foot monstrous giant, who was banished from town 100 years ago and thought dead. Patrick's life is paved with broken dreams. The bad luck keeps on coming until a sudden series of accidental, felonious and even magical events change the course of his destiny forever. Now all he has to do is deal with the body. Rose, a rebellious half-vampire/half-human guardian-in-training and her best friend, Lissa -- a mortal, royal vampire Princess - have been on the run when they are captured and returned to St. Vladamirs Academy, the very place where they believe their lives may be in most jeopardy. Rose will sacrifice everything to protect Lissa from those who intend to exploit her from within the Academy walls and the Strigoi (immortal, evil vampires) who hunt her kind from outside its sanctuary. In 1944, in the Belgian - German border, seven German soldiers survive an American attack in the front and lock themselves in a bunker to protect the position. Under siege by the enemy and with little ammunition, they decide to explore underground tunnels to seek supplies and find an escape route. While in the tunnel, weird things happen with the group. A team consisting of a physicist, his wife, a young female psychic and the only survivor of the previous visit are sent to the notorious Hell House to prove/disprove survival after death. Previous visitors have either been killed or gone mad, and it is up to the team to survive a full week in isolation, and solve the mystery of the Hell House. A college student gets involved in the wild partying lifestyle of a professional freestyle moto-x rider. Bored with the ranch, Buck's girl goes off to the city and gets involved (innocently) in a brothel. When Buck brings a herd of cattle to town, a streetwalker lures him to the house just in time for him to save his girl from Martin. In a planet where humans must scavenge the post-apocalyptic barren wasteland, Hirokin - a reluctant warrior with a dark past - sets off on mission to fulfill his destiny. Having fought to the death to save his wife and son from the planets evil dictator - Griffin - and his elite army of hunters, the lone warrior is left for dead in the vast desert. Armed with his samurai blade, Hirokin is forced to choose between avenging the murder of his family and fighting for the freedom his people. In a twist of fate and with a small rebellion by his side Hirokin s vision finally becomes clear. Two estranged brothers reunite at their childhood home in the Alaskan wild. They set out on a two-day hike and are stalked by an unrelenting grizzly bear. Memorial Day, 1993. When 13-year-old Kyle Vogel discovers the World War II footlocker belonging to his grandfather, Bud, everyone tells Kyle to put it back. Luckily, he ignores them. Although Bud has never talked about the war, he finds himself striking a deal with his grandson: Kyle can pick any three souvenirs, and Bud will tell him the stories behind each one. Memorial Day not only takes us on a journey into Bud's complicated wartime past, but also into Kyle's wartime future. As the two men share parallel experiences in combat, they come to realize how that magical day on the porch shaped both of their lives.  Mickey, who happens to be a werewolf and a crime boss, gets all worked up and hairy during a private dance at a strip club. Justice, the dancer, grabs the nearest weapon and lands a fatal blow: her silver fountain pen right through Mickey's wolfed-out eye. This ignites a small-scale war between Mickey's group of werewolf mobsters and the sultry strippers of Vixens. She's gone and he knows that he doesn't have much time. His legs are giving out, but they'll last. They'll last long enough to get there, and that's all that matters. It doesn't matter that those creatures will come for his body. The story revolves around a set of Indians, fighting to get what is their own, while another set of Indians working for the Scotland Yard Police chase them hard to stop them from spreading terror. The film in entirety has been been shot in London, Birmingham and Scotland. Ajay Devgn plays the role of a businessman who is married to actress Kangana Ranaut. Anil Kapoor plays the cop. The stylist Navin Shetty said to Mid Day, "Director Priyadarshan gave me a brief on Ajay's character in Tezz saying he didn't want anything fancy but more realistic - someone who will blend with the crowd. Ajay plays a father of a child and the film is set against a grey London winter so we have give Ajay's character an earthy look. He has a moustache and faint stubble. The colours are grey, brown, rust and khaki. We have played with the cut and the colours while the fabrics used have been wool and leather with lots of scarves and headgears. The effect is simple, realistic, smart and classy." In a future where a failed global-warming experiment kills off most life on the planet, a class system evolves aboard the Snowpiercer, a train that travels around the globe via a perpetual-motion engine. A Lower East Side bartender becomes entangled in a murder mystery involving a desperate woman, a missing drug dealer and the scion of a powerful investment firm. In the land of Orlais, a brash young Seeker--Cassandra--fights to stop a blood-soaked conspiracy. Hidden hands seek to tear apart the realm's most powerful religious order, and as the sinister plot unfolds, Cassandra is accused of treason and murder. Hunted by friend and foe alike, the impulsive beauty must clear her name while clashing with corrupt templars and rogue blood mages. Should she fail, the executioner's blade awaits. Should she overcome her rage and expose the unseen forces threatening the rule of the Divine, Cassandra will take her place in legend. Evan 'Bullet' James and his father are very close. After a disastrous new show pitch to a television network, the father tragically dies, leaving 'Bullet' alone in the world. 'Bullet' wants justice and seeks the help from the gang of his youth to exact revenge on the business world of Hollywood that he believes killed his father. After Washington DC detective Alex Cross is told that a family member has been murdered, he vows to track down the killer. He soon discovers that she was not his first victim and that things are not what they seem. On a relentless quest to avenge his sister's murder, a man from Cape Town infiltrates a sprawling network of lowlifes and elites in Los Angeles. Cut through the flashy swastikas, and you can see the German Nazis were Christians fulfilling a historic obligation (the Final Solution). Relatively few were so well-read as to imagine themselves Nietzscheans. ZayVian, a teenager, guilty over the death of his twin brother, commits negative acts in order to gain the attention of his parents. He seeks absolution for the murder. His ultimate decision an impact on eight other troubled teens that changes their lives forever. An haunting story of a boy trying to reclaim a lost hope with no assistance from anyone. Written By Sehjada Two powerful female warriors must journey across a post-apocalyptic land to fight a ritual duel, and fulfill an ancient prophecy. As the police launch a full-scale crackdown on organized crime, it ignites a national yakuza struggle between the Sanno of the East and Hanabishi of the West. What started as an internal strife in Outrage has now become a nationwide war in Outrage Beyond. Detective Mark Corley storms his way onto an alien spaceship to rescue his estranged son. When the ship crashes in Southeast Asia, he forges an alliance with a band of survivors to take back the planet once and for all. A criminal waits in a seedy motel and waits for his boss after killing several men to steal a bag. The shadow of war follows a troubled Iraq War vet as he is forced to pursue one of his own into the Pacific Northwest wilderness to finally confront a war crime that has haunted them both. The Lashman is an independent film written &amp; directed by Cameron McCasland Control is the biography of Joy Division lead singer Ian Curtis, taking his story from schoolboy days of 1973 to his suicide on the eve of the band's first American tour in 1980. Three scouts and lifelong friends join forces with one badass cocktail waitress to become the world's most unlikely team of heroes.  When their peaceful town is ravaged by a zombie invasion, they'll fight for the badge of a lifetime and put their scouting skills to the test to save mankind from the undead. Abbas Ali (Abhishek Bachchan) lives in Chandni Chowk, New Delhi with his sister Sania (Asin Thottumkal). They are legally fighting for an ancestral property-- land case. But the odds turn against them and they lose. Their well wisher, Shastri Chacha, advises and convinces them to migrate to his village Ranakpur where he assures Abbas that he will get him a job at his owner's place. The owner being none other than the powerful Prithviraj Raghuvanshi (Ajay Devgn). Abbas enters Ranakpur village and while saving a child trapped inside a temple, he breaks open the lock of an ancestral temple but fate plays an important twist in Abbas' life as the whole village including Prithviraj's step-brother Vikrant opposes Abbas' actions but Prithviraj arrives and handles the situation. When cop Steve returns home in the midst of his brother Joey's investigation into the murder of two bare knuckle fighters, the case becomes personal when Joey is found brutally murdered. With a sense of justice and revenge Steve knows what he has to do. Enter the underground world of Bare Knuckle Brawling; run by the brutal Mereta Crime family where there is only one rule. There are no rules! A Civil War ghost story with a modern twist. Spanning over two decades, "For the Love of Money" follows the true account of an Israeli immigrant who searches for his piece of the American dream. Based on the classic novel by Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game is the story of the Earth's most gifted children training to defend their homeplanet in the space wars of the future. A 16-year-old international assassin yearning for a "normal" adolescence fakes her own death and enrolls as a senior in a suburban high school. She quickly learns that being popular can be more painful than getting water-boarded. Russian Winter is a terrible thing... especially if it arrives in mid-July. Out amidst the icy storm, something raises its hideous head - a Russian zombie - senseless and merciless. After faking his own death, a former CIA contractor develops a relationship with a foreign prostitute while awaiting the delivery of his new identity. After failing to apprehend the terrorist behind a Paris attack that claimed dozens of lives, CIA agent Alice Racine is forced to live in London as a caseworker. Her mentor unexpectedly calls her back into action when the CIA discovers that another attack is imminent. Alice soon learns that the classified information she's uncovered has been compromised. Running for her life, she turns to a former soldier to help her prevent a lethal biological attack on the citizens of London. A short horror in which a nine-year-old boy kills his parents. The role of supernatural forces becomes apparent as the dark plot of this cleverly crafted narrative unfolds.  In St. Jude, drug dealers and corrupt cops have destroyed an urban neighborhood. But newcomer, Hong, has the fighting skills and moral vision to save this town from itself. After the Evil Queen marries the King, she performs a violent coup in which the King is murdered and his daughter, Snow White, is taken captive. Almost a decade later, a grown Snow White is still in the clutches of the Queen. In order to obtain immortality, The Evil Queen needs the heart of Snow White. After Snow escapes the castle, the Queen sends the Huntsman to find her in the Dark Forest. The winner of twelve film festival awards including Best Feature Film and the Audience Award, "Broadway's Finest" follows three desperate, men who impersonate New York City undercover cops and chase down a notorious drug in order dealer to get the authentic material they need to create their own cutting edge police drama. Things are rarely what they seem in this gritty dramatic action comedy. Have you ever experienced deja vu? Have you ever met a person you thought you already knew? For Nora and Aron, it's love at first sight when they meet in the subway on a rainy day. Their encounter was pure coincidence, says Nore. It was predestined, says Aron. When a seemingly abandoned alien spacecraft is discovered orbiting Neptune, a top secret expedition is sent to investigate. In the derelict hulk they discover two surviving alien life forms telepathically linked to one other.  13 years later a savvy, ex-DEA agent and martial arts expert finds herself renditioned to a high security establishment on a remote island where they are conducting experiments on the incarcerated aliens. Part of BFI collection "Worth the Risk?" A gut-wrenching, non-stop roller coaster ride through the hellish underbelly of inner-city America. A birthday celebration at an upscale restaurant sets in motion events that bring Sissy, her brother, Mikey, and friends, Kenny and Barbie, face to face with the macabre world of the Boneboys. Inspired by Jonathan Swift's cannibalistic tale A Modest Proposal, the Boneboys are international predators who deal in human flesh - dead or alive. Their hunting grounds are the cities of the world. In the center of the plot - a young family who moved to a new apartment on the outskirts of the city. The nanny hired by them for the newborn daughter quickly gained confidence. However, the older boy, Egor, talks about the frightening behavior of a woman, but his parents do not believe him. The surveillance cameras installed by the father for comfort only confirm - everything is in order. Then one day, Egor, returning home, finds no trace of either the nanny or the little sister, and the parents are in a strange trance and do not even remember that they had a daughter. Then Egor, together with his friends, goes in search, during which it turns out that the nanny is an ancient Slavic demon, popularly known as Yaga. The stories of a missing wife, a couple of meth heads and an Elvis impersonator are connected by the items found in a small town's pawn shop. John "Breacher" Wharton leads an elite DEA task force that takes on the world's deadliest drug cartels. When the team successfully executes a high-stakes raid on a cartel safe house, they think their work is done - until, one-by-one, the team members mysteriously start to be eliminated. As the body count rises, everyone is a suspect. In Arizona in the late 1800s, infamous outlaw Ben Wade and his vicious gang of thieves and murderers have plagued the Southern Railroad. When Wade is captured, Civil War veteran Dan Evans, struggling to survive on his drought-plagued ranch, volunteers to deliver him alive to the "3:10 to Yuma", a train that will take the killer to trial. Four friends pay the ultimate price,when they seek revenge against a low-level Gangster (IMDB.com). Two brothers, on either side of the law, face off over organized crime in Brooklyn during the 1970s. U.S. federal agent Leon S. Kennedy sneaks into the "East Slavic Republic" to verify rumors that Bio-Organic Weapons (BOWs) are being used in the country's civil war, which the U.S. and Russia are making preparations to jointly intervene in. Right after his infiltration, the U.S. government orders him to leave immediately. Determined to uncover the truth, Leon ignores the order and enters the battlefield to end the chain of tragedies caused by the BOWs. Three friends on a wilderness excursion must outrun a white collar criminal hellbent on retrieving his cash, but soon their greed turns them against each other. A modern re-telling of Treasure of the Sierra Madre (1948). Edgar is a young upper-middle class man, close to completing 30 years old, he lives a full life crisis and is in a position common to the vast majority of Brazilians. On the one hand the power, represented by a corrupt state, abusive and absent in their taxes before their obligations. On the other, crime increasingly organized violence became a constant in the lives of citizens in large cities. Edgar responds to all this as a modern vigilante. With the help of ingredients such as technology, counter-information and manipulation, Edgar concocts a brilliant plan, using the greed of their opponents as the reason for its destruction. As the plot unfolds, we know more about the dark past of each character as Edgar fit the pieces together in an intriguing puzzle that makes up the film's plot. A troubled man runs away to Mexico and is recruited to join a paramilitary group of teens fighting the drug cartels. He proves himself to the group, but questions their motive. A family of Estrie hunters, unite with a demon hunter to destroy a union of dark cults and their demonic companions. The film concentrates on the camaraderie and the divisions between the troops as they ready for the big offensive. Told in a taut narrative, the men of the 101st, led by Van Johnson, wait out the winter in the Ardennes forest to confront the German army in what would be the last major offensive of World War II. The men are demoralized and trapped, with no hope of support from the Allies. The story takes place in 1870 in the Wild West and revolves around a country musician named Dalton who takes a job as the sheriff of Toonstone to support his livelihood as he chases outlaws, aliens and his ultimate dream... his music. A new age of terrorism is taking place in the United States. FBI Director, Frank Fitzgerald, is helping an Iranian terrorist group frame innocent American citizens rendering them guilty for terrorist acts they did not commit. The seventh victim, Tom Cali, is on the run trying to prove his innocence. Three people driving into Los Angeles for a Dodgers game have car trouble and pull off into an old wrecking yard where they are held at bay by a bloodthirsty psycho and his crazy girlfriend. Somewhere in the interior of Argentina, popular belief holds that when a man dies because of a treason, he must be avenged by his first born son, so that that soul may rest in peace. Nationally acclaimed evangelist John Luther is the last obstacle in the way of sweeping religious reform in the States. When a U.S. Senator and Luther's own supporters abduct and frame him in the murder of an innocent teenage girl, an unprecedented era of persecution is unleashed. Out on personal recognizance, Luther escapes police surveillance in search of the truth. And suddenly, a once-normal life is targeted by a team of ex-military operatives who wage a relentless campaign to eliminate the incriminating evidence. As evangelist turned fugitive, Luther vows to expose anyone involved with or profiting from the girl's murder; a mission that brings him face-to-face with the coming storm of persecution that will threaten the entire Christian community in America. Spies force two British con men (Michael Caine, Roger Moore) to pose as look-alike scientists peddling cheap-energy fusion. A pair of young vacationers are involved in a dangerous conflict with treasure hunters when they discover a way into a deadly wreck in Bermuda waters... When a low-level cop, Aiden Magnusson, solves an infamous crime, he is promoted to Sector One and used as a "poster boy" of success. But his newly established status and lavish life is jeopardised when the central computer system that governs his city accuses him of murder....Now Aiden must return to the ruins he once called home to solve the mystery and prove his innocence. Mr. Church reunites the Expendables for what should be an easy paycheck, but when one of their men is murdered on the job, their quest for revenge puts them deep in enemy territory and up against an unexpected threat. Country music singer Charlotte comes back home to Tennessee a week before she's set to get married, hoping to borrow her late mother's wedding dress from her grandmother. A cowboy seeks to rescue, then woo, a damsel in distress. But he is constantly thwarted by the scratches, breaks, and other imperfections present in the film print itself. When the FBI hires her to go undercover at a college sorority, Molly Morris (Miley Cyrus) must transform herself from a tough, streetwise private investigator to a refined, sophisticated university girl to help protect the daughter of a one-time Mobster. With several suspects on her list, Molly unexpectedly discovers that not everyone is who they appear to be, including herself. An epic adventure about the last five children on Earth discovering the truth behind the malevolent forces of mother nature. The film follows a group of daring friends in a coming of age adventure. When Maya disappears, Pak and Coral darinly lead the group in a thrilling race against time to find her. Summer is coming to Nicaragua and Maycol and Bryan will start to learn their families' trade, shark hunting. In a place where traditional trades disappear in favor of drug trafficking, these two boy choose their future. A coming of age film set in the forgotten Caribbean coast of Nicaragua. This is Historical / Mystic / Fantasy based on true and fiction events and includes some codes from the famous Georgian poem 'The Knights in the Tiger`s Skin' written by Shota Rustveli in the end of 12th century. Well known film producer Demetre Orbeli Mayhem and death follow when an earthquake traps a group of tourists in a Chilean town. In Assassin's Bullet, Slater plays Robert Diggs, a black ops agent who comes to work for Ambassador Ashdown (Hunger Games star Donald Sutherland), tracking down a vigilante assassin in Eastern Europe. The maverick hit(wo)man has been taking out high-profile targets on the U.S. hit list, and Diggs must uncover the killer's identity before there's an international incident. The usual game of cat and mouse ensues. When a young woman is left scarred beyond recognition following an accident, she undergoes a radical untested stem-cell treatment. And while the procedure turns her into the belle of the ball, the experimental transformation comes at a price... In the year 2022, a ruthless prison warden has created the ultimate solution for his most troublesome and violent inmates: Absolom, a secret jungle island where prisoners are abandoned and left to die. But Marine Captain John Robbins, convicted of murdering a commanding officer, is determined to escape the island in order to reveal the truth behind his murderous actions and clear his name. After the death of his father Murat II, Mehmet II ascends to the Ottoman throne. After braving internal and external enemies, he decides to complete what he was destined to do: Conquer Constantinople. Young single mother Diana struggles to provide for her child and pay for her college education. She ends up working at a shoe store, but meets two strippers from a nearby gentlemen's club who convince her there's fast money to be made stripping. At the Players Club, however, Diana faces danger and heartbreak. Set in 1952, as England prepares for the coronation, The Scapegoat tells the story of two very different men who have one thing in common - a face.  A warrior fleeing the violence of his past must take up the sword and risk everything to face a god of incalculable power. A man tries to get out of crime but ends up falling deeper into it, marking him for death. A look at the life of superstar Bruce Lee. Thrust into an all-new adventure, a down-on-his-luck Capt. Jack Sparrow feels the winds of ill-fortune blowing even more strongly when deadly ghost sailors led by his old nemesis, the evil Capt. Salazar, escape from the Devil's Triangle. Jack's only hope of survival lies in seeking out the legendary Trident of Poseidon, but to find it, he must forge an uneasy alliance with a brilliant and beautiful astronomer and a headstrong young man in the British navy. Set in a post-apocalyptic world, young Thomas is deposited in a community of boys after his memory is erased, soon learning they're all trapped in a maze that will require him to join forces with fellow "runners" for a shot at escape. Stu Undercoffler (Eric Roberts) is a corrupt CEO whose drive for power has led him to make some highly unethical choices. Once Stu's self-serving decisions have begun to spread darkness through the world, there's no stopping it. After losing his wife, Stu begins to have a crisis of conscience but starts to believe he is being stalked and has been hallucinating. Is he losing his mind or have his former victims come back to wreck havoc on him? Across Africa, people are using soccer to lift themselves up, to create change in their communities and to pave the way for progress. "The Beautiful Game" follows several unforgettable Africans who are beating the odds on and off the pitch. Banklady tells the true story of Gisela Werler, a law-abiding factory worker from Hamburg, who falls in love with a thief and becomes a media darling as Germany's first and most notorious female bank robber. Cunning, sexy, and exciting, Gisela and her beloved Hermann pull off one daring heist after another. Banklady follows this outlaw who captured Germany's imagination, boldly defying gender expectations and living a decades-long Bonnie and Clyde romance. A rare astronomical event causes a permanent worldwide black out, forcing residents of a middle-class suburb to get by with no modern conveniences. The community pulls together and adapts to a simpler way of life, but their success draws the attention of the less resourceful residents in the area and soon results in a war between subdivisions. This is their story. Written by Anonymous  A catastrophic solar flare plunges Earth into global darkness. As society teeters on the edge of total anarchy the President and top government officials are swept away to a Cold War bunker in search of a solution. While the politicians fight insanity and each other, a group of middle-class suburbanites take survival into their own hands. With bullets and seeds, this neighborhood of schoolteachers and businessmen transform themselves into a village of self-sustaining warriors. Can they hold on until power is restored, or will they fall to the starving masses? A man named Fisher Rood helps a lost soul and dispenses Divine justice while out running the law and the agents of an evil, global corporation. Gopal and his best friends are back again, and this time they move back to their old neighborhood in a new palatial house where they learn that it is being haunted by a ghost. Chronicles the adventures of Franklin Delano Roosevelt, as he rides a "wheelchair of death" to stop the world from being taking over by polio-carrying werewolves during WWII. A deadly menace that are led by Werewolf Hitler, Mussolini and Emperor Hirohito. A group of fugitives end up killing an international businessman Casanovva's girlfriend, after entrapping the couple in a reality show. Furious, Casanovva sets out to avenge her death. The son of a slain NYPD officer joins the force, where he falls in with his father's former partner and a team of rogue cops. His new boss, Sarcone, will see if he has what it takes to be rogue through many trials and tribulations of loyalty, trust and respect. When the truth about his father's death is revealed revenge takes him over and he won't stop until justice has been truly served. You will see Travis Pastrana and the whole Nitro Circus crew perform some of the most ridiculous, awe-inspiring, and simply insane stunts ever caught on camera. Coming to you in three dimensional glory, it will feel like you are there sitting shotgun with the crew. One thousand years after cataclysmic events forced humanity's escape from Earth, Nova Prime has become mankind's new home. Legendary General Cypher Raige returns from an extended tour of duty to his estranged family, ready to be a father to his 13-year-old son, Kitai. When an asteroid storm damages Cypher and Kitai's craft, they crash-land on a now unfamiliar and dangerous Earth. As his father lies dying in the cockpit, Kitai must trek across the hostile terrain to recover their rescue beacon. His whole life, Kitai has wanted nothing more than to be a soldier like his father. Today, he gets his chance. When out-on-bail mob boss Bellavance discovers that $500,000 of his money is missing, he sends four hardcore hit men to send a "loud and messy" message to the suspected thieves' families. But when the killers invade the Rutledge home, they'll meet the household's emotionally disturbed young son Owen. Owen has a history of violent behavior, knows how to make lethal booby-traps and is about to teach these thugs some deadly lessons in extreme vengeance. A female police officer has to keep a prisoner from escaping a nearly abandoned hospital unit at the same time his violent partners come looking for him. Retired C.I.A. agent Frank Moses reunites his unlikely team of elite operatives for a global quest to track down a missing portable nuclear device. The Continuing Story of Major Mujtaba Rizvi (Shaan) after the events of Waar (2013). Every child comes into the world full of promise, and none more so than Chappie: he is gifted, special, a prodigy. Like any child, Chappie will come under the influence of his surroundings--some good, some bad--and he will rely on his heart and soul to find his way in the world and become his own man. But there's one thing that makes Chappie different from any one else: he is a robot. King T'Challa returns home from America to the reclusive, technologically advanced African nation of Wakanda to serve as his country's new leader. However, T'Challa soon finds that he is challenged for the throne by factions within his own country as well as without. Using powers reserved to Wakandan kings, T'Challa assumes the Black Panther mantel to join with girlfriend Nakia, the queen-mother, his princess-kid sister, members of the Dora Milaje (the Wakandan 'special forces') and an American secret agent, to prevent Wakanda from being dragged into a world war. An ethical Baltimore defense lawyer disgusted with rampant legal corruption is asked to defend a judge he despises in a rape trial. But if he doesn't do it, the judge will have him disbarred. Abandoned by a shrouded woman on the steps of a peaceful temple, a baby is taken in by the monks who dwell there. Named White, the child grows into a man learning the ways of the temple -cooking, meditation, Kung Fu - under the careful eye of Master Tenzin. Ten years pass and an orphan girl, Sierra, is taken in by the temple. As time passes, a friendship blooms between the young students of Master Tenzin. Years later White and his training brother Jamyang hear a commotion while walking on the Temple grounds. A gang of thieves snuck into the Temple and attacked Master Tenzin, stealing an ancient and powerful secret the monks have protected for centuries, the Chenresig Statue, as well as kidnapping Sierra! As White holds his dying master in his arms, he swears to return both to their rightful place, no matter the cost. Inspired by actual events, this thriller unravels the mystery of a single mother who believes a shocking family tragedy was caused by dangerously dark forces. A town in south of Sweden is isolated after a viral outbreak. The Swedes and immigrants still inside must band together to survive the onslaught. When a giant alien spider escapes from a military lab and rampages across the city of Los Angeles, it is up to one clever exterminator and his security guard sidekick to kill the creature before the entire city is destroyed. Young Scottish doctor, Nicholas Garrigan decides it's time for an adventure after he finishes his formal education, so he decides to try his luck in Uganda, and arrives during the downfall of President Obote. General Idi Amin comes to power and asks Garrigan to become his personal doctor. To avenge his father's death, a circus entertainer trained in magic and acrobatics turns thief to take down a corrupt bank in Chicago. Two cops from Mumbai are assigned to the case. When three redneck brothers agree to help a woman save her son from an abusive father, they become targets on the run from an odd cast of characters. With his wife's disappearance having become the focus of an intense media circus, a man sees the spotlight turned on him when it's suspected that he may not be innocent. A survivor of warfare born chemical attack, Cassie Becker faces a new world of terrible realization. The Human race has suffered terrible recourse in the wake of an attack that never should have been leaving the remaining inhabitants in a state far less then human. It has been six months since to the day in this new world of indescribable destruction and isolated fear. In search of the only person she holds dear Cassie must fight the onslaught of creatures once precious to her in an unstoppable journey to reunite. A single mom in the 1970s raises her two daughters and becomes involved in illegal drug trade to make a better life. In a world divided into factions based on personality types, Tris learns that she's been classified as Divergent and won't fit in. When she discovers a plot to destroy Divergents, Tris and the mysterious Four must find out what makes Divergents dangerous before it's too late. People in a village believe that a monster resides and creates havoc in the corn fields. Two students who study at a college near the village decide to investigate the matter. They are successful in capturing the monster. The film revolves around an atheist named Mallikarjuna who falls in love with an ardent devotee of Lord Shiva; when an evil power threatens the world and his beloved, he decides to stand up against it and fight to save the world. An Indian woman is looking for vengeance. In this salary-cap era when winning NFL teams are on a leash that drags them back to the pack, the Patriots snapped it in half and did what no other team has ever done by winning 21 games in a row. After losing his parents, a priest travels to China, where he inherits a mysterious ability that allows him to turn into a dinosaur. At first horrified by this new power, a hooker convinces him to use it to fight crime. And ninjas. After the cataclysmic events in New York with The Avengers, Steve Rogers, aka Captain America is living quietly in Washington, D.C. and trying to adjust to the modern world. But when a S.H.I.E.L.D. colleague comes under attack, Steve becomes embroiled in a web of intrigue that threatens to put the world at risk. Joining forces with the Black Widow, Captain America struggles to expose the ever-widening conspiracy while fighting off professional assassins sent to silence him at every turn. When the full scope of the villainous plot is revealed, Captain America and the Black Widow enlist the help of a new ally, the Falcon. However, they soon find themselves up against an unexpected and formidable enemy--the Winter Soldier. An omnibus of ten short films by ten young directors. Twenty-five years ago Adib (Alexander Siddig, Syriana, Cairo Time), a promising young officer in the Syrian military police, suddenly left Damascus under suspicious circumstances. Abandoning the love of his life Fatima (Marisa Tomei, The Wrestler, The Ides of March), he made his way to Canada and wiped the slate clean. With a beautiful wife, two grown daughters, and a great job in Toronto, Adib is confident he s built a successful life from scratch. But when his daughter Muna suddenly disappears in Damascus, his past threatens to violently catch up to him. Teaming up with a Canadian emissary (Joshua Jackson, Fringe), Adib must now confront the turmoil he thought he left behind so many years ago in order to find Muna. After quitting his job, a man decides to go after the one person responsible for ruining his life. Just when you thought it was safe to go back to the beach, it appears that our large fishy friends have found a way to chomp on you when you're chilling out on the sand too! Looking for a brighter future in metropolitan Manila, Oscar Ramirez and his family leave their miserable life in the rice terraces of Banaue, in the northern Philippines. In the sweltering capital, where all kind of perils lurk in every corner, Oscar catches a lucky break when he is offered a steady work for an armored truck company and the senior officer Ong takes him under his wing. Captain Glass of the USS Arkansas discovers that a coup d'etat is taking place in Russia, so he and his crew join an elite group working on the ground to prevent a war. In the time of the Qing Dynasty, the Emperor Yongzheng created a secret army known as the Guillotines. It was the job of the Guillotines to protect the Emperor by killing anyone who posed a threat to him or his rule. After 348 successful missions to eliminate their target, the 349th assignment proves to be their last. Cult classic starring Ralph Macchio as a want-to-be blues guitar virtuoso who seeks a long-lost song by legendary musician Robert Johnson. The movie depicts the life of a young boy, Vijay (Amitabh Bachchan), whose father gets brutally lynched by a mobster Kancha Cheena. It's a journey of his quest for revenge, which leads him to become a gangster as an adult. Watch out for Amitabh Bachchan in one of the most powerful roles of his career. Will Vijay lose his family in the process of satisfying his vengeance? CHAMPIONS OF THE DEEP is a fantastic adventure movie for the whole family! A brother and sister help a mythical guardian of the ocean find the Sword of the Sea, and bring balance back to the waters of the earth. While fighting the dark forces of the water, the kids learn to use their martial arts skills to protect the ocean that they love. Takeoff on the Godfather with the son of a mafia king taking over for his dying father. Two young officers are marked for death after confiscating a small cache of money and firearms from the members of a notorious cartel during a routine traffic stop. The Umbrella Corporation's deadly T-virus continues to ravage the Earth, transforming the global population into legions of the flesh eating Undead. The human race's last and only hope, Alice, awakens in the heart of Umbrella's most clandestine operations facility and unveils more of her mysterious past as she delves further into the complex. Without a safe haven, Alice continues to hunt those responsible for the outbreak; a chase that takes her from Tokyo to New York, Washington, D.C. and Moscow, culminating in a mind-blowing revelation that will force her to rethink everything that she once thought to be true. Aided by new found allies and familiar friends, Alice must fight to survive long enough to escape a hostile world on the brink of oblivion. The countdown has begun. Carl Hamilton manages to infiltrate an international gang that has stolen advanced Swedish GPS-guided missiles. But the league is subjected to a sudden deadly attack by a well drilled group of mercenaries of unknown clients. Hamilton escapes the massacre, but the rockets have disappeared without a trace. Swedish intelligence officer Carl Hamilton's 7-year-old goddaughter Nathalie is kidnapped. When the kidnapping's underlying motive becomes known, the Swedish authorities assume a passive role, forcing Hamilton to action. With the help of international contacts, Hamilton manages to get them on track. Hamilton, along with some military colleagues, plans a daring rescue mission. At a hospital in New York, Alex, a police officer, meets Leo, a boy who has the ability to get out of his body and pass through the walls like a ghost. Both team up with Mary, an intrepid journalist, to capture a disfigured villain who terrorizes the city. Thirty years after the events of the first film, a new blade runner, LAPD Officer K, unearths a long-buried secret that has the potential to plunge what's left of society into chaos. K's discovery leads him on a quest to find Rick Deckard, a former LAPD blade runner who has been missing for 30 years. A gorgeous lethal killer, brainwashed by the villain, makes a startling discovery in a mission to eliminate a person she can in no way imagine. Independent British thriller starring Dougray Scott and Kara Tointon. Lewis (Scott), an overworked doctor, is on his way home from London with his young son Max (Joshua Kaynama). Clearly exhausted from his work, Lewis decides to take a nap on the train while an attractive young woman (Tointon) watches over his son. When he wakes, all but a few passengers have alighted and he realises that the train is not stopping to let anyone else off. Determined to get to the bottom of the mystery, Lewis goes to investigate and finds that the train has been taken over by an unstable driver who is hellbent on destroying the vehicle along with all the remaining passengers on board. A story set on the offshore drilling rig Deepwater Horizon, which exploded during April 2010 and created the worst oil spill in U.S. history. He just woke up. He's in a hospital. He can't move. He can't remember who he is. Memories begin to flood back to him as he regains consciousness. He was part of a heist gone wrong. One of a crew of six asked to steal a briefcase from a secret vault. But that's all he can remember. He will combat the drugs and the pain and the solitude in a desperate effort to remember what happened to him and why. But once he finally reaches the end of his quest for answers he will wish he never began. A group of oddball high school students find themselves trapped in detention with their classmates having turned into a horde of Zombies. Jeff Bridges, alongside prominent scientists and authors, weaves evolution, emergence, entropy, dark ecology, and what some are calling the end of nature, into a story that helps us understand our place among the species of Earth's household. After twenty years in prison, Foley is finished with the grifter's life. When he meets an elusive young woman named Iris, the possibility of a new start looks real. But his past is proving to be a stubborn companion.  A search and recovery team heads into the haunted swamp to pick up the pieces and Marybeth learns the secret to ending the voodoo curse that has left Victor Crowley haunting and terrorizing Honey Island Swamp for decades. A news crew is taken hostage on an airplane set to take off from the Seychelles. A tortured ex-Negotiator, once pride of the Boston Police Department is taken hostage in his home. A psychological confrontation takes place while the kidnappers demand that he completes a mysterious mission for them. For Peter Parker, life is busy. Between taking out the bad guys as Spider-Man and spending time with the person he loves, Gwen Stacy, high school graduation cannot come quickly enough. Peter has not forgotten about the promise he made to Gwen's father to protect her by staying away, but that is a promise he cannot keep. Things will change for Peter when a new villain, Electro, emerges, an old friend, Harry Osborn, returns, and Peter uncovers new clues about his past. Based on a true story. On 27 April 1940, Luftwaffe pilot Horst Schopis' Heinkel 111 bomber is shot down near Grotli by an RAF Blackburn Skua L2940 fighter, which then crash-lands. The surviving German and English crew members begin to at shoot each other, but later find themselves huddled up in the same cabin. In order to survive the harsh winter in the Norwegian wilderness, they have to stand together. An unlikely, lifelong friendship blossoms. The ultimate X-Men ensemble fights a war for the survival of the species across two time periods as they join forces with their younger selves in an epic battle that must change the past - to save our future. A young Mexican woman crosses the border in search of the American dream, only to instead find her worst nightmare lying within. After inheriting the family mortuary, a pyrophobic mortician accidentally exposes hundreds of un-cremated bodies to toxic medical waste. As the corpses re-animate, the mortician's inheritance-seeking younger brother unexpectantly shows up, stumbling upon a full zombie outbreak! This shocking documentary tells the story of the indigenous Miskito lobster divers along Nicaragua's Caribbean Coast who risk their lives every day diving for the region's most lucrative resource - the Caribbean spiny lobster. The action of this story begins in the near future. The great device codenamed as the "Phantom" is invented by the Global Security Corporation in order to eliminate the crime and to establish a secure global community.  But, it is not how it really is. The reverse side of the "Phantom" is to establish an absolute control over people's minds. The Corporation aims to change the course of the history, by gaining the community of obedient "puppets", who would never realize that their minds are being controlled.  Step by step, the "Phantom" fractures people's lives, but nobody suspects anything, until it destroys the lives of in-love couple- Timur and Keira. She is convicted of murder, and he needs to break the law to save her. An American criminal hacker named Zach helps Timur to find the truth, and to uncover the Corporation's conspiracy. A seasoned assassin plays both sides in a Russian gang war and becomes the target of an unknown enemy. When a group of teenagers goes on a spring break camping trip, an unfortunate accident sets off a race to save their friend's most prized possession. David Billa a refugee comes to Rameswaram in Tamil Nadu and his journey begins into crime. Initially he starts as a local diamond smuggler. He eventually meets Abbasi, an underworld don in Goa and helps him out in a deal and wins his favor. For one of Abbasi's deals Billa goes to Georgia where he meets a ruthless international don Demitri. They get acquainted that creates a rift between Abbasi and Billa. A challenge is thrown by Billa to Abbasi and he starts building his own empire, which eventually results in Billa crossing swords with Demitri himself. The bloody battle begins in Goa and ends in Georgia. Once Upon A Time In Mumbai Dobaara is a sequel of Once Upon A Time In Mumbai Two rival gangs in Los Angeles and Las Vegas, led by Gino (Robert Miano) and Cole (Michael Madsen), are vying for control. Danny (Michael Masini), an LAPD undercover police detective, goes deep into gangland to infiltrate one gang to bring down both. A look at the controversial riot cops unit, told through the stories of three veteran cops and a young recruit. After losing her son in the massive zombie attack Reagan is forced to walk the back woods of frozen Alaska. While doing so she meets Colby Jack and Chris in their custom Winnebago. She is safe for now. Taken back to a small store dubbed "Frost Bite" she will help the remaining survivors fight not only zombies but a religious mad man known as Regis. But all is not lost with leadership of ex-marine John Bannister they just might make it to see another day. Written by Pop Gun Pictures Framed in the 1940s for the double murder of his wife and her lover, upstanding banker Andy Dufresne begins a new life at the Shawshank prison, where he puts his accounting skills to work for an amoral warden. During his long stretch in prison, Dufresne comes to be admired by the other inmates -- including an older prisoner named Red -- for his integrity and unquenchable sense of hope. A blood virus infects a small group of hunters turning a father and son trip into a fight for survival.  A young man finds out that his parents had been used in an atomic-weapons experiment shortly before he was born, and that the results have had some unexpected effects on him. A thief with a unique code of professional ethics is double-crossed by his crew and left for dead. Assuming a new disguise and forming an unlikely alliance with a woman on the inside, he looks to hijack the score of the crew's latest heist. Ever since US Diplomatic Security Service Agent Hobbs and lawless outcast Shaw first faced off, they just have swapped smacks and bad words. But when cyber-genetically enhanced anarchist Brixton's ruthless actions threaten the future of humanity, both join forces to defeat him. (A spin-off of "The Fate of the Furious," focusing on Johnson's Luke Hobbs and Statham's Deckard Shaw.) An ex-cop whose only goal is to assassinate a state senator and collect $100,000 dollars. Marilyn Bellows, the senator's wife, orders the hit. Marilyn will go to any extreme - lust, betrayal, and even murder to get what she wants. Hardflip follows the story of Caleb (Randy Wayne) a young skater whose ill mother (Rosanna Arquette) and absent father (John Schneider) leave him reaching for the only hope he has...becoming a sponsored skater. After his mother falls ill, Caleb finds a stack of old love letters. He sets out to find the father he never knew and inadvertently begins a journey he never could have expected. This story explores what happens when we let go of our anger and pain and forgive those who have hurt us most. Found footage of an expedition into the Congo jungle where a team of explorers stumbles upon a colony of Dinosaurs. Off-grid is not a state of mind. It is not about being out of touch, living in a remote place, or turning off your mobile phone. Off-grid simply means living without a connection to the electric and natural gas infrastructure. From 2011 to 2013 Jonathan Taggart (Director) and Phillip Vannini (Producer) spent two years travelling across Canada to find 200 off-gridders and visit them in their homes.  - A parolee becomes the target of a massive police manhunt after inadvertently picking up a rental car with a female whistleblower tied up in the trunk. Now, as the police attempt to silence the woman before she can testify about the city's rampant corruption, the ex-con who just regained his freedom must defend her life, and clear his own name. A group of idealistic, but frustrated, liberals succumb to the temptation of murdering rightwing pundits for their political beliefs. The movie is a post-apocalyptic horror/science fiction film. the setting is in a near post apocalyptic future where a biological warfare program goes wrong, and turns most of humanity to mindless, murderous creatures. Hidden in the Woods tells the story of two sisters who have been raised in isolation, subjected to the torment of their abusive, drug dealing father. When they finally decide to report him to the police, he kills the two officers and is put in jail. But things go from bad to worse when the girls must answer to their Uncle Costello, a psychotic drug kingpin, who shows up looking for his missing merchandise which is hidden in the woods. In 79 A.D., Milo, a slave turned gladiator, finds himself in a race against time to save his true love Cassia, the beautiful daughter of a wealthy merchant who has been unwillingly betrothed to a corrupt Roman Senator. As Mount Vesuvius erupts in a torrent of blazing lava, Milo must fight his way out of the arena in order to save his beloved as the once magnificent Pompeii crumbles around him. Angie, a young Brazilian artist, abandons her old life and embarks on a journey around the country. Running from her past, and searching for her foundation in life, Angie finds not only herself but love in its many forms. Angel, a young intelligent and kind, aims to be a police inspector. Rafael  instead  is an expeditious, forceful and arrogant policeman. Meanwhile, Miguel and Mateo are part of Group 7, a group of rogue cops ready to do anything to achieve their goals. It's the ultimate buddy cop movie except for one thing: they're not cops.  When two struggling pals dress as police officers for a costume party, they become neighborhood sensations.  But when these newly-minted "heroes" get tangled in a real life web of mobsters and dirty detectives, they must put their fake badges on the line. A fireman takes an unexpected course of action when a man whom he's been ordered to testify against--after being held up at a local convenience store--threatens him. Kham is the last in long line of guards who once watched over the King of Thailand's war elephants. Traditionally, only the perfect elephants could successfully help defend the throne, after his harrowing quest to retrieve the elephants, Kham returns to his village to live in peace. But for someone as good in martial arts as him, peace is but a wishful thought... A CIA assassin attempts to break out of the contract killing business to try to lead a normal life. But when "the system" tracks her down and frames her for the death of her husband, she embarks on a path of revenge that leads her back into the life she tried to hard to abandon. Jazz and Wolf need money to save their comic shop. When the rare and valuable first issue of Electric Man shows up, they think all their problems are solved. But things are never that simple. They are not the only ones who want to get their hands on it. In a totalitarian society of the future, in which the government controls all facets of the media, a homicide detective investigates a string of bombings, and finds out more than he bargained for. Decorated Vietnam hero, Frank Vega returns home only to get shunned by society leaving him without a job or his high school sweetheart. It's not until forty years later when an incident on a commuter bus makes him a local hero where he's suddenly celebrated once again. But his good fortune suddenly turns for the worse when his best friend is murdered and the police aren't doing anything about it. After a massive shootout, a mysterious stranger (Van Damme) arrives at a local hospital on the brink of death. Then, a foreign gang brazenly comes to the hospital to hunt him down. His nurse, the sole surviving witness to the follow-up shootout, must face an FBI interrogation that unlocks a plot of international intrigue and revenge. With enough twists and turns, KILL'EM ALL will keep you guessing until the final bullet is fired. Rookie detective Jack Wall is up against insurmountable odds as he attempts to solve his first case with a mysterious crime lord against him. Finding the true love of his life only to have her taken away is just the beginning of his transformation into Payback Jack. Set in the same world as Archon Defender, this film follows the quest of a young woman, Desmerelle, as she confronts Lorem to free her twin sister Phaetra from the machine. In 1943, five US soldiers are recruited by the OSS for a time travel mission to save the world from the tyranny of Hitler's 25th Reich. Passionate BMX dirt jumper, Phin Cooper, wants nothing in life but to attain fame in his sport. After missing a competition when he lands in jail for unpaid citations, he is court-ordered for community service and reluctantly mentors one of the toughest boys, Blue Espinosa. As Phin leads the troubled teen on exciting adventures of riding dirt trails, big jumps and cityscapes, Blue becomes more than an obligation - an unlikely friend whose secret world of drug trafficking threatens Phin's ultimate dream. Featuring some of the best stunts in dirt jumping by legendary pros and hardcore locals, Heroes of Dirt is more than adrenaline rush. It embarks on an unforgettable journey into real significance, and the price it takes to get there. Karan and Arjun reincarnate in the different parts of the country. But the faith of their previous mother brings them together in order to avenge their death. What would you do on the last day on Earth?  With the end of the world only hours away, the self-absorbed James heads to the ultimate party-to-end-all-parties. On his way there, he saves the life of a young girl named Rose who is searching desperately for her missing father. This simple act sets James on a path to redemption. Master car thieves square off against French gangsters in the South of France with money, women and lives all on the line. An American ex-con with Mexican underworld ties ensnares a pair of young misfits into a dangerous heist in Mexico. Inspired by true events. Seven years on from the events of Monsters, and the 'Infected Zones' have spread worldwide. Humans have been knocked off the top of the food chain, with disparate communities struggling for survival. American soldiers are being sent abroad to protect US interests from the Monsters, but the war is far from being won. Two mismatched cops team up to investigate the murder of a business mogul's wife. Impressive debut feature from writer director Inon Shampanier. A man needs to convince his kidknappers that they have got the wrong person before they deliver him to his death. A former NCAA champion wrestler is paroled after 10 years in prison. Now, to save a friend's life, in a series of cage fights he must agree to do the impossible - lose. Tokyo, Winter. Despite the use of the Youth Ordinance Bill to enforce curfews for minors and regulate the use of the Internet, young people continue to fight for their own freedom through underground methods. One such group calls themselves Surat. They have decided to take on Fumito Nanahara, a man who has great influence on the political world, and basically controls Tokyo with an iron fist. While using the Internet as a weapon to discover more information about Fumito, they learn about "Tower", the secret organization behind Fumito which engages in human experimentation. Mato Grosso do Sul, Brazil, the present. When a young Guarani-Kaiowa woman commits suicide, Nadio leads his community to form a protest camp on the borders of a local farm that sits on their ancestral burial ground. In a city where streets are overrun by drug dealers, those who have sworn to uphold the law are breaking it to better suit their own needs. Naresh K plays a detective (Sleaze), a veteran officer whose methods of enforcing the law are questionable, if not corrupt. 'PSEUDO' follows Sleaze as he takes the law in his own hands and co-ordinates a series of raids with his gang of friends. Ethical dilemmas arise when things go wrong and friends turn on each other as a game of cat and mouse ensues The story of a lone drifter who has come to the end of a violent and bloody journey. He has the power to consume the sins of evil-doers. Four young people are pulled into an alternate dimension through a portal in a sweat lodge. On the other side four murderous spirits of centuries-old gold hunters await to steal the young peoples' bodies and return to the living world. After she betrays a powerful mob boss, a woman matches wits and weaponry with a legion of killers who are out to collect the bounty on the heads of her and her family. Chris is a once promising high school athlete whose life is turned upside down following a tragic accident. As he tries to maintain a normal life, he takes a job as a janitor at a bank, where he ultimately finds himself caught up in a planned heist. Disgraced Top Gun fighter pilot Butch Masters leads a rogue squad in recovery of a WMD. Masters must navigate a fractured friendship, a love triangle, and must take to the skies to reclaim his military and personal honor. Directed by Frank Lin this movie tells the story of a group of talented but financially struggling B-Boys that join an underground fighting ring in Downtown Los Angeles that uses Hip-Hop music and Break dancing to battle for money. To save the life of one of their friend's father, the B-Boys form a strong bond. They fight for each other, for their families and for a better future. Katniss Everdeen has returned home safe after winning the 74th Annual Hunger Games along with fellow tribute Peeta Mellark. Winning means that they must turn around and leave their family and close friends, embarking on a "Victor's Tour" of the districts. Along the way Katniss senses that a rebellion is simmering, but the Capitol is still very much in control as President Snow prepares the 75th Annual Hunger Games (The Quarter Quell) - a competition that could change Panem forever. Katniss Everdeen reluctantly becomes the symbol of a mass rebellion against the autocratic Capitol. With the nation of Panem in a full scale war, Katniss confronts President Snow in the final showdown. Teamed with a group of her closest friends - including Gale, Finnick, and Peeta - Katniss goes off on a mission with the unit from District 13 as they risk their lives to stage an assassination attempt on President Snow who has become increasingly obsessed with destroying her. The mortal traps, enemies, and moral choices that await Katniss will challenge her more than any arena she faced in The Hunger Games. Julian Torralba is a former movie stuntman in Almeria, Spain. He and several of his colleagues, who once made a living in American Westerns shot in Spain, now are reduced to doing stunt shows for minuscule audiences on the decaying set built for those old Westerns. Julian wrestles with dark memories of the death of his son, also a stuntman, and with estrangement from his daughter-in-law Laura and her son Carlos. Carlos, a young boy, becomes intrigued with his late father's life and runs away to join Julian and his band of has-beens. There Carlos is initiated into the rambunctious life of these hard-drinking faux cowboys. But when Laura, a powerful executive looking for a new site for a tourist resort, learns that Carlos has joined the hated Julian, she moves to destroy even this remnant of Julian's once-proud career. Julian and the cowboys decide to fight back the only way they know how. Frank (Nick Barkla, The Secret Life of Us) meets Madaline (Laura Gordon, Saw V) at a cocktail party held at a World Bank conference. He's a foreign correspondent whose recent work in Mali has left him traumatised. As the erotic connection between Frank and Madaline deepens, each gradually reveal secrets from their past that could have deadly consequences. The sensual, politically charged Embedded is an exciting anomaly in Australian cinema, marking a promising directorial debut for Sewell. Shahid Khan is exiled after impersonating the legendary Sultana Daku in order to rob British trains. Now outcast, Shahid becomes a worker at Ramadhir Singh's colliery, only to spur a revenge battle that passes on to generations. At the turn of the decade, Shahid's son, the philandering Sardar Khan vows to get his father's honor back, becoming the most feared man of Wasseypur. Fifteen years ago, Edwin went to clown camp to fulfill his lifelong dream of bringing laughter to the world... but nobody laughed. Humiliated on graduation night, Edwin viciously murdered the entire camp before vanishing into legend. Now, despite the warnings of the town drunk, old man Bonzo has reopened the ranch and a new class of clowns have unwittingly signed up. When their die-hard instructor Sgt. Funnybone (Miguel Martinez, The Donor Conspiracy) is found dead in a puddle of cream pie and blood, the curriculum changes from comedy to survival! Edwin slashes, stabs, strangles, and disembowels the clowns while laughing insanely at his own bad jokes. This movie's plot revolves around a Joseph Alex I.A.S (Mammootty) in the lead role. A Pakistan military group under Maj. Abu Jalal Rana trespasses Indian waters targeting New Delhi. Aathava's parents will be killed by Villan Vathi Ganesh for money lending problem. After death of Aathava's parents, Ibrahim Routher best friend for Aathava's father will raise Aathava and his little brother. Aathava will revenge Vathi Ganesh for the lost of his parents 20 years later. Aathava will live as a fun person and a good human but his anger on Vathi Ganesh will lead till the climax. Kevin and Derek hit the road from Chicago to show their film in the CineVegas film festival. Sort of. A man who suffers visions of an apocalyptic deluge takes measures to protect his family from the coming flood. The world top bodyguard gets a new client, a hit man who must testify at the International Court of Justice. They must put their differences aside and work together to make it to the trial on time. Following the murder of his fiancee, Mitch Rapp trains under the instruction of Cold War veteran Stan Hurley. The pair then is enlisted to investigate a wave of apparently random attacks on military and civilian targets. Bound by a shared destiny, a bright, optimistic teen bursting with scientific curiosity and a former boy-genius inventor jaded by disillusionment embark on a danger-filled mission to unearth the secrets of an enigmatic place somewhere in time and space that exists in their collective memory as "Tomorrowland." The tragic struggle of an undocumented Latino family in Los Angeles after they have sent their eldest son to war. Monika from Stockholm falls in love with Harry, a young man on holiday. When she becomes pregnant they are forced into a marriage, which begins to fall apart soon after they take up residence in a cramped little flat. A young French martial arts expert who was born and raised in America to Mexican parents has to go to a "very illegal and underground tournament" in China that everyone knows about, in order to avenge the honor of his not dead master. Juan Garcia is a boy on the threshold of manhood living in a gang-controlled neighborhood. His role models could not be further apart: his older sister Angie, a single mom, struggling to gain a foothold in the white corporate world and his uncle Manny, an ex-gang member, who has fallen into an acting career playing gang bangers since his release from prison. With the future on his doorstep, Juan, like most boys, can only think of girls and is unaware of the judicial system's hard line stance against gang affiliation. "Stalingrad" follows the progress of a German Platoon through the brutal fighting of the Battle of Stalingrad. After having half their number wiped out and after being placed under the command of a sadistic Captain, the Lieutenant of the platoon leads his men to desert. The men of the platoon attempt to escape from the city which is now surrounded by the Soviet Army. Jacq Vaucan, an insurance agent of ROC robotics corporation, routinely investigates the case of manipulating a robot. What he discovers will have profound consequences for the future of humanity. When the child Arthur's father is murdered, Vortigern, Arthur's uncle, seizes the crown. Robbed of his birthright and with no idea who he truly is, Arthur comes up the hard way in the back alleys of the city. But once he pulls the sword Excalibur from the stone, his life is turned upside down and he is forced to acknowledge his true legacy... whether he likes it or not. The nano-plague that poisoned Earth's water supply has reached its 60-year critical mass. The Unlight enemy forced the first exodus to the moon where the outlawed banished population was supposed to die. But now the Unlights have launched from Earth and are amassing on the south-west sector of the darkside of the moon for a massive ice-mining operation. It will be the last Great War and lunar troops are sent into battle for the precious resource. However one squad is shot down and the five surviving soldiers find themselves stranded. Cut off and behind enemy lines, they start a dangerous journey through snipers and minefields back to their extraction point with only 36 hours of oxygen left. As their numbers dwindle and nerves fray, they make an amazing discovery about Earth's satellite that just might save their lives. From THE BANSHEE CHAPTER producers comes a space shocker with gravity. In a future world of scientific advances, humans share every aspects of their lives with their machines. But when a leading scientist and his team build an advanced prototype cyborg, the scientists aren't prepared for the consequences Two lovers, Yoga and Parvathi, meet on the battlefield of the Sri Lankan civil war. As the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam attack the Sri Lankan army and tighten their grip on the Tamil people, Yoga and Parvathi struggle with feelings for each other and their own commitments to the LTTE. Parvathi's family is relocated to a concentration camp and Yoga is sent on a mission to Colombo by a jealous LTTE commander. But they soon meet again in battle and Parvathi becomes pregnant with Yoga's child. In the final days of the war, the Sri Lankan army closes in on the LTTE and rescues the Tamil refugees, and the lovers desperately flee the army and the LTTE for the sake of their baby. A story of what happens when a reluctant man is forced to face his fears, which begins as a fun camping trip and ends in a fight for survival in the remote forest of the pacific northwest. An ex-mercenary known for finding missing children is hired by a mixed martial arts fighter whose daughter has been kidnapped. Get ready for a magical, fun-filled journey of adventure, fantasy and friendship! Tom Sawyer and his best buddy Huck Finn love going fishing, daydreaming about pirates and stolen gold, and thinking about Becky Thatcher - the pretty new girl at school. But when these pals set out on a quest for buried treasure, they end up face to face with the town's most "grizzly" bear, Injurin' Joe. Giving Joe the slip, they find themselves in the middle of a fantastic adventure that takes them from the mighty Mississippi to the mysterious caverns of a secret hideout where they discover fun, excitement... and a fortune beyond their wildest dreams! Featuring the voices of Don Knotts, Betty White, and country music superstars Rhett Akins, Mark Wills, Lee Ann Womack, Hank Williams Jr. and more, Tom Sawyer is an enchanting, music-filled family adventure. When a college student (Annalisa Kyler) dissappears along the road, her friends quickly form a search party to find the lost woman. Unfortunately, these college slackers (Martin Seijo, Lauren Brown & Kayte Giralt) are in way over their heads. Also trying to piece this mystery together is the local Sheriff (Allan Medina) and the coroner (Ed Donovan). Womanizing jerk Bruce (Michael Thomas Dunn) and tomboy Vanessa (Carrie Grafton) decide to tag along for the wild ride. "Luxury, luxury, luxury... and not to be so alone." Vanessa wants to spend her holiday at a comfortable resort. However, due to a booking error at the travel agents, Vanessa ends up on a barren desert island. The next ship doesn't arrive for another week, so until then she has to cope with oddball lighthouse keeper Stanislav, and the highly unconventional and nonchalant Sebastian, who also has a right to the only shabby guest room. There's no escape from this island - and the three gradually get to know each other over schnapps and pie. When a further guest arrives in the form of dubious businessman Felix and a body turns up in Stanislav's cellar, the insular resort becomes the backdrop for a grotesque fight for life. In his debut feature, Matthias J. Michel cleverly repels various genre and character cliches to create an exceptional black comedy. Cult classic starring Ralph Macchio as a want-to-be blues guitar virtuoso who seeks a long-lost song by legendary musician Robert Johnson. A cloak & dagger adventure about the Federal Reserve and the international financial conspiracy that threatens the world. Three heroic college students uncover the plot...and risk their lives to expose the secret syndicate. "Gripping drama" says Dove Fnd. Housefull 2 is an upcoming Bollywood action comedy film directed by Sajid Khan and produced by Sajid Nadiadwala. It is the sequel to the 2010 Bollywood commercially successful movie Housefull In legendary Chen Village, everyone is a martial arts master, using their powerful Chen Style Tai Chi in all aspects of their lives. Lu Chan has arrived to train, but the villagers are forbidden to teach Chen Style to outsiders, and do their best to discourage him by challenging him to a series of fights. Everyone, from strong men to young children, defeats him using their Tai Chi moves. But when a man from the village's past returns with a frightening steampowered machine and plans to build a railroad through the village at any costs, the villagers realize they may have no choice but to put their faith in Lu Chan... who has a secret power of his own. A 12-year-old cartographer secretly leaves his family's ranch in Montana where he lives with his cowboy father and scientist mother and travels across the country on board a freight train to receive an award at the Smithsonian Institute. Thor fights to restore order across the cosmos... but an ancient race led by the vengeful Malekith returns to plunge the universe back into darkness. Faced with an enemy that even Odin and Asgard cannot withstand, Thor must embark on his most perilous and personal journey yet, one that will reunite him with Jane Foster and force him to sacrifice everything to save us all. After an unprecedented series of natural disasters threatened the planet, the world's leaders came together to create an intricate network of satellites to control the global climate and keep everyone safe. But now, something has gone wrong: the system built to protect Earth is attacking it, and it becomes a race against the clock to uncover the real threat before a worldwide geostorm wipes out everything and everyone along with it. Vampires and humans live in a future world where they co-exist - barely. Now, both groups find themselves under attack by a new species of super vampire. The surviving humans and vampires join forces to obliterate the vicious man-sized bat vampires which threaten to shatter the uneasy peace between the two species. A night guard at an armored car company in the Southern U.S. organizes one of the biggest bank heists in American history. Vet leads his team of disbanded mercenaries into the treacherous Gallows Wood on one last mission to capture the elusive Professor Black. What was meant to be a simple extraction mission soon becomes a terrifying journey into madness. Fleeing religious persecution in Germany, the Leininger family seeks a new start in uncharted country - America. It is the mid-1700s and British and French forces are struggling for control over the abundant resources of this new territory. Carving out a homestead can be arduous work, but the Leiningers labor joyfully.  Then the unthinkable: In a terrifying raid, Delaware warriors kidnap the two young Leininger daughters and attempt to indoctrinate them into native culture. Through their ordeal they never lose hope and "their faith becomes their freedom". A special agent's plans to reconcile with his ex-fiance are ruined when she boards a private jet that is targeted by hijackers working for the same crime lord that he is chasing. Something nasty is lurking inside a secure storage unit. When a group of people get trapped inside, they need to find a way to get out of a building that's designed to keep things in... A group of friends who venture into the remote Texas woods for a party weekend find themselves stalked by Bigfoot. Four drug kingpins deal with inner turmoil, familial strife and heightened stakes while taking a chance on a risky business proposition. Kwan (Che Evans), Deuce (Joe Weaze Carter), Dexter (Demetrius Parker) and Theo (Walter Maxfield Jones) may be in over their heads when they join forces with middleman Tiger (The Wires Trey Chaney) and criminal mastermind/funeral home operator Leon ( NAACP award winner Clifton Powell) who introduces them to the world of organ trafficking. When a neighborhood development is built over a former CIA hidden underground base that was destroyed 30 years earlier, but what no one knew there is a life form that was imprisoned and forgotten about,a life form from another planet,it was placed there to keep it from contacting its home planet and was awakened during construction, it was assumed dead years ago when the self destruct was activated and the base was destroyed.this should take place in New Mexico,when the base was remote,but now developers have managed to purchase the land because of all the building going on and anyone who knew about the base is dead or very old,....there's more but you have to wait till next time no this is not an area 51 story use Arizona or Yuma.this not a crashed ship story,and the base has a huge underground warehouse in the middle of the desert. A man crossing into Mexico with a satchel of $2,000,000--and a bloody past--finds himself under sudden attack in the sleepy town of El Fronteras. Documentary following the friendship and rivalry between two teams in a Texas roller derby league. Dust Up is a kick ass action comedy served up by Ward Roberts and starring Amber Benson that will make you laugh, gasp and punch the person you're sitting ... A beautiful diva is murdered on the set of horror director Vincent Augustine's latest film "Chapel Blood." Somewhere between the crime scene and the coroner's van, the body mysteriously disappears. Meanwhile, the city's supply of donated blood is being dangerously depleted. Suspecting a connection between the events, detectives Mike Hung and Sasha Colfax go undercover at the studio to investigate. Their attempt to crack the case quickly turns into a desperate battle for survival when they uncover an age-old war between rival vampire covens that threatens to consume humanity in a final, grisly assault of Teeth and Blood! A psych-patient, accused of a violent murder, turns to her court-appointed psychiatrist to prove her innocence and sanity. Her psychiatrist must help her decipher delusion from truth to unravel the mystery of her reality. Ex-Federale agent Machete is recruited by the President of the United States for a mission which would be impossible for any mortal man - he must take down a madman revolutionary and an eccentric billionaire arms dealer who has hatched a plan to spread war and anarchy across the planet. Madhumitha is convinced that she and her colleague Ashwin were lovers in their past lives and have been brought together by fate. Is there any truth to this or is she merely hallucinating? A withdrawn young man, Leland Fitzgerald is imprisoned for the murder of a mentally disabled boy, who also happened to be the brother of his girlfriend, Becky. As the community struggles to deal with the killing, Pearl Madison, a teacher at the prison, decides to write about Leland's case. Meanwhile, others affected by the murder, including Becky and her sister, Julie, must contend with their own problems. Lured by the promise of an Australian holiday, backpackers Rutger, Katarina and Paul visit the notorious Wolf Creek Crater.  Their dream Outback adventure soon becomes a horrific reality when they encounter the site's most infamous local, the last man any traveller to the region ever wants to meet--Mick Taylor.  As the backpackers flee, Mick pursues them on an epic white knuckled rampage across hostile wasteland. Three down-on-their-luck, twenty-something female roommates are living paycheck to paycheck in a rundown apartment, when one night they stumble across $3 million dollars in a suitcase amidst the bloody aftermath of a drug shootout. Despite wanting to keep the money and smuggle it out of the country, the girls are forced into a final showdown and must face off against seasoned criminals who want the cash for themselves. An ex-boxer turned LA attorney must rescue his fiance from narcoterrorists on the border of India/Pakistan. The film's plot follows that of the game closely. Nariko, a member of an ancient tribe who have guarded an ancient magical sword for thousands of years, is charged with bringing the sword to its destined wielder, a deity reincarnated who will bring peace to the land. But on her quest, Nariko must wield the sword herself against the forces of King Bohan, who wishes to possess the weapon himself. The film centers on a recluse known as "Colonel" and the final five days when Colonel's plantation of a high potency variant of marijuana gets ready for harvest. Terri is a devoted wife and mother of two, living an ideal suburban life in Atlanta when Colin, a charming but dangerous escaped convict, shows up at her door claiming car trouble. Terri offers her phone to help him but soon learns that no good deed goes unpunished as she finds herself fighting for survival when he invades her home and terrorizes her family. When an experiment for a new miracle drug goes terribly wrong, the scientists responsible must hurry to prevent an apocalyptic event. As Poland is placed under martial law in 1981, two confidence tricksters try to evade both the police and the army. They become embroiled in a web of schemes engineered by the secret service, fellow criminals and the democratic resistance. The saga of two longtime hit-men. One decides it's time to retire, the other goes on a deadly rampage. A documentary concerning the violent Italian 'poliziotteschi' cinematic movement of the 1970s which, at first glance, seem to be rip-offs of American crime films like DIRTY HARRY or THE GODFATHER, but which really address Italian issues like the Sicilian Mafia and red terrorism. Perhaps even more interesting than the films themselves were the rushed methods of production (stars performing their own stunts, stealing shots, no live sound) and the bleed-over between real-life crime and movie crime. Light years from Earth, 26 years after being abducted, Peter Quill finds himself the prime target of a manhunt after discovering an orb wanted by Ronan the Accuser. DAgjaFDkn,dnzKdyx In Beijing, a young martial artist's skill places him in position to experience opportunities and sacrifices. 2021 - 5 years after the outbreak of a mysterious virus that turned humans into bloodthirsty, undead beasts much of the world's population has been decimated. When governments were unable to keep the disease at bay, the Contagion Special Unit was formed with the toughest soldiers and best specialists to fight the infected. Because of the rapidly decreasing number of soldiers, a popular online video game Dead Trigger that mirrors the terrifying events was created. The best efforts of the gamers are monitored by the CSU who recruit the highest rated zombie killers. The young recruits are called "Dead Triggers". The movie follows a group of young recruits who must travel to the origin of the outbreak to find a missing team of scientists who were searching for a cure. During a solo voyage in the Indian Ocean, a veteran mariner awakes to find his vessel taking on water after a collision with a stray shipping container. With his radio and navigation equipment disabled, he sails unknowingly into a violent storm and barely escapes with his life. With any luck, the ocean currents may carry him into a shipping lane -- but, with supplies dwindling and the sharks circling, the sailor is forced to face his own mortality. The film follows the Tang Monk and his three disciples on their westbound pilgrimage, beating monsters and villains along the way. A relentlessly-paced hybrid of gritty crime thriller and Lovecraftian supernatural horror, "The Devil's Mile" follows a trio of kidnappers who take an ill-advised detour en route to deliver their hostages - two teenage girls - to their mysterious and powerful employer. When they accidentally kill one of the girls during a botched escape attempt, their simmering mistrust explodes into shocking violence. But what they thought was their worst case scenario is only the beginning, as they are engulfed by the hellish forces that haunt the road - a road they realize they may never escape. Now captors and captive must fight together to escape the monstrous forces pursuing them and somehow survive ... Bill Marks is a burned-out veteran of the Air Marshals service. He views the assignment not as a life-saving duty, but as a desk job in the sky. However, today's flight will be no routine trip. Shortly into the transatlantic journey from New York to London, he receives a series of mysterious text messages ordering him to have the government transfer $150 million into a secret account, or a passenger will die every 20 minutes. When an unexpected phone call brings a man back to his childhood home, it also brings him back into a bitter feud between family clans. Giving up on his efforts to forge a new life, he lets himself slip backward into his traumatic past. When Lane McCrae confronts the outlaw that murdered his family, the battle leaves him fatally wounded. He is visited by the Devil, who offers him a deal that would save the lives of both he and his brother, but instead makes him a bounty hunter for Hell replacing his predecessor. When Zathera, the embodiment of death, walks the earth, it's up to Lane, Hawk and their team, to stop her before she wipes out humanity. They are not the only ones hunting Zathera though - there are others who want to reach Zathera first, for plans of their own! The harrowing true story of the crew of the USS Indianapolis, who were stranded in the Philippine Sea for five days after delivering the atomic weapons that would eventually end WWII. As they awaited rescue, they endured extreme thirst, hunger, and relentless shark attacks. After a zombie apocalypse spreads from a London prison, the UK is brought to its knees. The spread of the virus is temporarily contained but, without a cure, it's only a matter of time before it breaks its boundaries and the biggest problem of all... any zombies with combat skills are now enhanced. With the South East of England quarantined from the rest of the world using fortified borders, intelligence finds that the scientist responsible for the outbreak is alive and well in London. With his recovery being the only hope of a cure, a squad of eight Special Forces soldiers is sent on a suicide mission to the city, now ruled by the undead, with a single task: get him out alive within 72 hours by any means necessary. What emerges is an unlikely pairing on a course to save humanity against ever-rising odds. European mercenaries searching for black powder become embroiled in the defense of the Great Wall of China against a horde of monstrous creatures. Laura Brummels is determined to avenge the death of a young boy - a death she could have prevented, but didn't. It's placed her in a prison of guilt driven by her cooperation as a reporter with a political regime that's successfully corrupted her. Fallen from grace with the regime, Laura is sentenced to Aquila, where no one escapes and an annual monsoon floods the prison, eliminating everyone. And she discovers her chance to clear her conscience: One of the notorious guards is the young boy's killer. This is her chance to avenge the boy's death and relieve her guilt. But there's a surprise for her in the large cell where she's placed: another prisoner, Joseph, has survived the last flood and has been working to escape from Aquila before the next flood comes. He's devised a clever means of removing stones from the prison ceiling, but he can't do it alone. To succeed he must convince his new cell mate to abandon murder and choose to survive with him and escape. One man. One night. A home invasion. From hell. A global conspiracy is underway guided by The New World Order. They have strategically placed its members all over the globe in key positions of power. The time spoken in prophesy known as the end of days is quickly approaching. A secret religious order created thousands of years ago with the sole purpose to prevent the Apocalypse must face their fate. Walking by faith not by sight, through their journey, these knights will be pierced by the sword of truth, revealing their own miseries, doubts and fears, discovering how they were misled by their Master. Their faith will be put to test surrounded by temptation, betrayal, murder and remorse. Only the faithful to death shall receive the crown of life. The others will become Gothic Assassins. A war criminal in hiding forms a relationship with his only connection to the outside world - his maid. In a future not too far away, Steve Battier, an elderly, terminally ill multi-millionaire, accepts the offer of a company - RPG - that in exchange for a high monetary sum, provides a very select group of clientele the chance to be young again. For 10 hours, 10 millionaires from around the world, men and women of fame and power, are transferred to attractive and healthy younger bodies, to live in a world of temporary rejuvenation, in a game of real thrills, where every hour someone must die. Based on the groundbreaking, cult classic anime, KITE tells the story of Sawa, a young woman living in a corrupt society where crime and gangs terrorize the streets. When Sawa's mother and policeman father are found victims of a grisly double homicide, she begins a ruthless pursuit for the man who murdered them. With the help of her father's ex-partner, Karl Aker, and a mysterious friend from her past, she becomes a merciless teen assassin, blasting her way through the dark world of human trafficking only to uncover a devastating truth A shopping arcade in a working-class Tokyo neighborhood filled with Baki fans comes under threat when an unscrupulous corporation tries to take over. An AWOL marine in possession of secret government information, is a wanted man, pursued by Russian special ops, the LAPD, and a dangerous assassin. In a post-apocalyptic American Frontier, a soldier fends off a brutal warmonger to rescue a girl fated as the savior of humanity. Mika (Riisa Naka) is a flight attendant on board an airplane scheduled to land at Haneda Airport. On the way to the airport the airplane's engine starts to burn. In order to save the 346 people on board the airplane, sea marshall Daisuke Senzaki (Hideaki Ito) and his team are called into action ... Nathan and Aubrey committed murder on the day of their engagement party. Now, they have to cover their tracks and deflect questions on Elle's disappearance, or the authorities will come knocking. In Los Angeles, a gang of bank robbers call themselves The Ex-Presidents commit their crimes while wearing masks of Reagan, Carter, Nixon and Johnson. The F.B.I. believes that the members of the gang could be surfers and send young agent Johnny Utah undercover at the beach to mix with the surfers and gather information. Chad Turner has been implanted with a the only working biometric computer chip (aka The Mark of the Beast) in the world. The chip has the power to change the world with whoever controls it and Joseph Pike is determined acquire the chip even in the face of the most unforeseen event "The Rapture". Pike has taken hostage Mr.Cooper the head of security of Avanti the chip maker in order to help locate Turner and deliver the chip to his boss. Amongst the chaos Chad Turner must beat all odds to stay alive and keep the chip from falling into the wrong hands Burt Gummer (Michael Gross) and his son Travis Welker (Jamie Kennedy) find themselves up to their ears in Graboids and Ass-Blasters when they head to Canada to investigate a series of deadly giant-worm attacks. Arriving at a remote research facility in the artic tundra, Burt begins to suspect that Graboids are secretly being weaponized, but before he can prove his theory, he is sidelined by Graboid venom. With just 48 hours to live, the only hope is to create an antidote from fresh venom -- but to do that, someone will have to figure out how to milk a Graboid! An elite hitman returns to erase his past only to find that somebody has messed with his future. A mystery writer becomes the prime suspect in a murder investigation when a publisher he last saw is found dead. When the Viking space capsule suddenly returns to Earth from its long ago trip to Mars, it brings with it an intelligent visitor that is part "Alien" and part "ET". Encased in armor, it extends a human like form from its shell to examine its surroundings and shows an interest in humans including a soft caress of a female scientist prior to the Army killing it. This only enrages its sibling. Tomas, a disenchanted office worker, after finding out that the office jerk Jett has stolen his work as well as his coveted promotion, swears vengeance and follows the ways of the ninja in his quest to regain his honor and find the evidence that will end Jett's reign of office tyranny. International Security Affairs agent Jon is on a dangerous mission to escort a criminal scientist to another country. En route, a member of his team turns out to be a traitor and shoots Jon in the head while kidnapping the scientist. When Jon wakes up in the hospital, a doctor tells him that within weeks, the bullet in his brain will cause complete paralysis. Jon returns to Beijing to see his mother, who confesses that Jon has a brother in Malaysia who was raised by his father, a gambler. Jon takes a flight to Malaysia to find his brother, Yeung. On the plane he forms a bond with Dr. Kan, who promises to look into possible treatments for his condition. However, when they arrive, Yeung tries to kidnap the doctor and when Jon intervenes, he's also taken hostage. The two soon realize they're brothers, and decide to work together in order to keep the criminals behind the kidnappings from reinfecting the world of a disease long thought cured. In 2024, the computer network prevails throughout the daily life. Arishiro Sora is a 14 year old girl. One day, she is invited to an online game "The World". After an accident in the game, the real world begins to deform. Tooting Broadway is an urban crime drama set in 2009, whose South London location lends a gritty feel to a fast paced story that highlights a rarely seen gang culture. Tren (20), his girlfriend Drama (18) and their friends Trucas (19), Mico (16) and Weed (17), are youths who live on the outskirts of Mexico City. Through graffiti art, dancing, music and song, they have a good time imitating their idols in music, dance and television, dreaming of someday being great figures in show business. They gather at the F.B.I., which holds dance and graffiti contests, and which is also frequented by el Loco (28) and his gang of small time drug dealers in the barrio. At the same time, Tren's brother Nuk (43) returns home after 23 years. Nuk finds the environment changed, with all the evils of society, only now they are stronger than when he left. Shortcut Romeo is an Indian romantic thriller film to be directed and produced by Susi Ganeshan, under the banner Susi Ganesh Productions. It is the Hindi remake of the director's own Tamil film Thiruttu Payale (2006), starring Neil Nitin Mukesh in the title role with Puja Gupta as his love interest and Ameesha Patel in a negative character. The year was 1973 . . . Justin Thomas Wilson was hunting the fallen with an ax and a shotgun. Sam, his young disciple, documented their adventures with the first 8mm camera ever to record sound. The story begins but the battle rages on. In this final installment, the Ninjas and their friends find themselves pitted against the most evil and memorable monsters of them all - Dracula, Frankenstein, the Mummy, the Werewolf, and MORE! Loaded with martial arts action, bloody horror, gun play, magic, comedy, pop-culture references, and a tightly woven twist-filled plot Composed of two intertwining stories, one a gay coming-of-age story of a teenager nicknamed "Chip" and his first love; the second, that same character twenty years later. Now called Christopher and in the closet, he wants a life in politics, and is about to run for the Maryland Senate with the help of his fiancee's family - one of the most politically connected in Washington. But when Chris' first love resurfaces in his life, a man who reignites a passion in him, Chris' carefully constructed world threatens to crumble around him. When an oil company unwittingly unleashes a prehistoric shark from its icy  prison, the Jurassic killer maroons a group of art thieves and a group of  college students on an abandoned island Jew-Man Business, besides having a seminally anti-semitic title, is a documentary about the struggle faced in Freetown, Sierra Leone. This documentary sets out to show us how life is on the streets of Freetown, following three young men, of which one is living on the street (Bone Thug),  another who is trying to leave the street life of crime behind him (Junior), and finally, Ice T, a former rebel soldier. Jew-Man Business portrays a real hardship as it follows these three men through their daily routine. This romantic comedy, shot in a road-movie style, tells the story of businessman Petr Kraus and his personal transformation. After returning from China, where he supervised the production of clothing for his customers, Petr finds out that the manufacturer had ruined the whole order and so he gets into trouble with the contractor who wants some astronomical compensation for the damage. Peter knows that he should solve the problem quickly, but instead he decides to go on a trip seeking his personal happiness and an escape from responsibility. Fortunately, his close friends, Tereza and Pavel are there to help... Blaze You Out tells the story of Lupe, a strong-willed aspiring DJ, and her younger sister Alicia who live in the Esperanza Valley, a community that is suffocating by generations of heroin use. When Alicia witnesses a murder and disappears, Lupe sets out on a dangerous journey that forces her into the town's ruthless underworld. She quickly discovers that in order to save the person that matters most, she must harness the power that exists within her and connect with the divine that surrounds her. 100 years ago, titans suddenly appeared on Earth. Soon, human civilization veered on collapse due to the titans. Humans then built a giant wall to defend themselves. Within the giant walls, humans lived in peace, but, 100 years later, the giant wall is broken. Undercover Las Vegas police officer Vincent Downs, who has got a lot of enemies, is caught in a high stakes web of corrupt cops and the mob-controlled casino underground. When a heist goes wrong, a crew of homicidal gangsters gets T, Downs' teenage son. In one sleepless night, he will have to rescue his son T (who they got), evade an internal affairs investigation and bring the kidnappers to justice. The Bimblebox Nature Refuge lies in the path of what will be the earths largest coal mines. One woman, Paola Cassoni, decides to resist the "China First" project that will destroy her Nature Refuge and supply energy to Asia for the next thirty years. Paola's decision brings the viewer on a tour of Australia's "Quarry Vision".  At this critical time, when so much coal and coal seam gas expansion is planned in Australia, this film aims to win the hearts and minds of the people, exposing the destructiveness of this industry to our climate, communities and environment. It tells the stories of the people fighting for their homes and culture. Australia is the worlds largest exporter of coal supplying one third of the worlds supply. It is impossible to address climate change without looking at Australia's role in the planets climate future. http://www.screenzone.tv/products/bimblebox A pair of criminals try to track down the kids who witnessed them commit a murder in the woods. Bhatinda-based middle-classed Harpreet Gill is unable to get his three rather plain-looking and overweight daughters married and must live with constant criticism from his wife; his brother, Chiksi, is a fake dentist who incurs wrath of his patients; while his second brother, Fancy, is an out-of-work Punjabi movies' actor. The trio dislike each other and keep their distance. When their grandfather, Khetrapal Singh, passes away, the trio do get together and waste no time in squabbling with each other. They are, however, pleasantly surprised when they find out that he had left a mansion in their respective names. Their joy will turn to anger and disgust after they find out the location as well as the terms and conditions, spread over a period of three years, that go with this procurement. An intimate documentary about motorclub Satudarah, often in the news in Holland for its alleged criminal activities. On a cross-country trip to visit sites of US terrorism, four friends confront true stereotypes. Two teens battle their way through a religious apocalypse on a mission to defeat the Antichrist. A small-time thug comes across a young girl who claims him to be her father, following which he realizes he has a lookalike who's being hunted by goons. 009 Re:Cyborg follows a group of nine cyborgs, each of them created by a shadowy organization for use as weapons against humanity. The group turns on their creators to protect the population instead, using the powers given them to fight their creators. After losing contact with a clandestine energy-research facility, a powerful venture capitalist contracts an elite team of operatives to retrieve the physicist who holds the key to an unprecedented alternate energy source. The story follows a team of highly trained operatives who find themselves trapped inside an isolated military compound. A bacteriological weapon developed by the US Government to create a super soldier - spreads an epidemic in a quiet little town in the middle of Eastern Europe. All citizens have been turned into infected zombies. The plan is to bring an atomic bomb into the city's nuclear plant to pretend a terrible accident occurred. No one has to know the truth. A team of mercenaries is hired to complete the mission. The battle is on. Hordes of monsters against the team. Who will survive? A corrupted customs officer, Choi Ik-hyeon, faces losing his job. Then, his life turns around as he meets ganster Choi Hyeong-bae who has connection with the Yakuza. They quickly form a partnership; Hyeong-bae helps Ik-hyeon set up a business with the money from drug trafficking while Ik-hyeon lobbies for his partner Hyeong-bae. As the government declares war on crime, however, their partnership begins to crack. A group of American GIs work their way through war-torn France during the final days of the Second World War. After his wife dies in childbirth as the result of an unsuccessful coup attempt by the bandit Razoulli (Amrish Puri), Gen. Khalid (Dharmendra) vows to avenge her death in this Bollywood thriller. But as he prepares to carry out his plan against Razoulli's son (Sunny Deol) years later, little does Khalid know that the two are connected by a long-buried secret. Sridevi, Karan Kapoor and Juhi Chawla also star. An American in Indonesia teams up with a Muslim cop to track down a terrorist. In the jungles of Ecuador, blood taints the waters. A multinational conglomerate's unholy alliance with a bloodthirsty military regime has resulted in a massacre. Only the rebel Francisco Franco and his determined wife Mia can prove the truth. To settle a personal debt, former CIA agent Jack Begosian takes on the freelance assignment to rescue Francisco and risks everything in a brutal battle to expose the cover-up. Near the end of the 20th century on Tokyo's Chuo train line, just before Hong Kong's return to Chinese control, masses of people go on a rampage, and love runs wild. A ruthless businessman's payoff to the Belgian mafia is intercepted by his revenge-seeking former protegees, launching a deadly war of violence and double-dealing. A man returns home after a long time. The house is in a bad shape, ruined with graffiti on walls, but it doesn't stop him from staying in. The man has an aim that requires complex preparations. The house has however already a new inhabitants that start to influence the man's performance and to mingle with silhouettes from the character's recent past, spent at the Central Asia border. Are the war prolonged tension and the man's shattered emotionality possible to overcome, so that he may really re-locate in a peaceful surroundings of his home-village? This special is showing a day of Eclair's life as a prologue to the movie Houou no Miko. A distant Federation outpost Fort Casey comes under attack by bugs. The team on the fast attack ship Alesia is assigned to help the Starship John A. Warden stationed in Fort Casey evacuate along with the survivors and bring military intelligence safely back to Earth. Carl Jenkins, now ministry of Paranormal Warfare, takes the starship on a clandestine mission before its rendezvous with the Alesia and goes missing in the nebula. Now, the battle-hardened troopers are charged with a rescue mission that may lead to a much more sinister consequence than they ever could have imagined.... Air Force One is shot down by terrorists, leaving the President of the United States stranded in the wilderness. 13-year old Oskari is also in that wilderness, on a hunting mission to prove his maturity to his kinsfolk by tracking down a deer, but instead discovers the President in an escape pod. With the terrorists closing in to capture their prize, the unlikely duo team up to escape their hunters. After a drug deal gone wrong, two New York City hustlers relocate to Miami, where they set up a lucrative credit card fraud operation. Unfortunately, their new business not only attracts the police, but the city's top criminals -- and both want a percentage of the take. Action/horror story centered on a secret organization formed by the Catholic Church to counteract the rising number of cases of demonic possessions across the country. The story follows a young godless man who is being recruited into the cloth in order to prepare a new generation with the tools needed to stop the rise of the ultimate evil; Beelzebub. Three high school virgins, suspended from school on a bogus graffiti charge, flee to the inner city in an attempt to live out the plot of The Catcher in the Rye - a book they neither have read nor understand. BINDLESTIFFS documents their struggles along the way as they surrender their virginities to vagrants, prostitutes, and crack fiends. Hot on their tail is Charlie, the deranged school security guard. Under the impression that the boys are planning a school shooting, he takes the law into his own hands to stop them and save America. Two mischievous kids hypnotize their mean elementary school principal and turn him into their comic book creation, the kind-hearted and elastic-banded Captain Underpants. A girl falls for the "perfect" guy, who happens to have a very fatal flaw: he's a hitman on the run from the crime cartels who employ him. When a pirate version of the most popular - first person shooter video game lands in the hands of Matt and Jimmy, they immediately think it's the coolest video game they have ever played. Little do they know that what seems to be their favourite video game is actually an evil recruiting device to turn selected kids into real Time Warriors, at the service of "The Lord of War": an evil character behind every war since the beginning of time. An aging Japanese bike gangster mentors a crop of halfhearted pledges threatened by police pressure. In doing so, he confronts his tough guy past and dwindling options for the future. Two teens girls scheme their way out of work to spend a day at the beach. Things don't go as planned. Through unlocked genetic memories that allow him to relive the adventures of his ancestor in 15th century Spain, Callum Lynch discovers he's a descendant of the secret 'Assassins' society. After gaining incredible knowledge and skills, he is now poised to take on the oppressive Knights Templar in the present day. August Eighth - story of an ordinary young woman. Ksenia's life is not too happy. Problem at work, problem in personal life, problem with mother, a baby requiring constant cares... Ksenia want to spend a few days in Sochi with new boyfriend, and mom sends her son Artem to the boy's father on Caucasus. But Georgia started war and she must overcome fear, overcome circumstances, she must save her child... When Alita awakens with no memory of who she is in a future world she does not recognize, she is taken in by Ido, a compassionate doctor who realizes that somewhere in this abandoned cyborg shell is the heart and soul of a young woman with an extraordinary past. A mysterious mentor helps a conflicted teen overcome his fear of driving, and win the race of his life at the local dirt track in Smalltown, USA. Two contractors are hired to dig up a treasure for their employer. Things go wrong when the treasure accidentally ends up in the hands of three small time crooks, Babis, Jimmy and Spooky, who ran into them while committing a robbery to pay off a debt to Munir, a local crime lord. The three friends use their connection with an underground informer to trade the treasure for cash. What they don't know is that they're being pursued by the contractors and Munir's thugs. When former getaway driver, Charlie Bronson jeopardises his Witness Protection Plan identity in order to help his girlfriend get to Los Angeles, the feds and Charlie's former gang chase them on the road. The world top bodyguard gets a new client, a hit man who must testify at the International Court of Justice. They must put their differences aside and work together to make it to the trial on time. Spain, under Philip IV (1621-1665). The film is based on a novel by Gonzalo Torrente Ballester. The King (Gabino Diego) is stunned to see the naked body of Marfisa (Laura del Sol), the most beautiful prostitute of the town and Court. After that, he also wants to see the Queen (Anne Roussel) naked. However, the King, despite the opposition and the scandal of the Church, will not stop until he reaches his wishes. In New York City, a crime lord's right-hand man is seduced by a woman seeking retribution. Afghanistan, 2006, Helmand Province becomes one of the most dangerous places on Earth as the British Army is deployed into the Taliban heartland. The Operation, Herrick, became synonymous with the struggle as British troops fought a losing battle against this unseen enemy. When her husband goes missing during their Caribbean vacation, a woman sets off on her own to take down the men she thinks are responsible. George Cabot Jr., the son of a department store owner, enrolls Kristina Nielsen, the store's sports clerk,  at a university to use her as an advertisement for their fashion department. She falls for Larry Taylor, a teacher, and gets expelled. Two self-aware characters in a "Call of Duty" style video game struggle with their screwy, frustrating existence. A group of scientists in San Francisco struggle to stay alive in the aftermath of a plague that is wiping out humanity, while Caesar tries to maintain dominance over his community of intelligent apes. In the thick of WWII, the 1st Special Service Force unit is called to duty on a secret rescue mission. Challenged by Nazis at every turn, our band of heroes bunker in a bombed out city and race against time to relay a message that is crucial to the Allies invasion of Sicily. Cornered and caught between a rock and a hard place, they only have one option: fire more bullets! A terrorist plants several bombs throughout the city of Colombo, Sri Lanka and threatens to detonate them unless prisoners are released. When Ross is diagnosed with terminal brain cancer and given six weeks to live, his newly engaged older brother Seth offers to spend his $50,000 wedding fund on a final trip of a lifetime. Their plans are complicated when Ross invites a call girl to join the group and Seth's uptight fiancee insists on tagging along. This raucous road trip comedy features hip-hop star Asher Roth. As a new day begins in the town of Silverton, its residents have little reason to believe it will be anything other than ordinary. Mother Nature, however has other plans. In the span of just a few hours, an unprecedented onslaught of powerful tornadoes ravages Silverton. Storm trackers predict that the worst is still to come, as terrified residents seek shelter, and professional storm-chasers run toward the danger, hoping to study the phenomenon close up and get a once-in-a-lifetime shot. In the wake of the American Civil War two vampires rise and fight to reclaim their land from the inhabitants of a sleepy Southern town. A special-ops team is dispatched to fight supernatural beings that have taken over a European city. One rainy night in an arms factory near Shanghai, a young female worker accused of stealing a box of bullets from the ruthless Boss Ding (Liu Kai Chi) is violently killed in a game of Russian roulette. Half a month later, a series of inexplicable deaths takes place in the factory, where the victims are shot but no bullets are found. Rumors of a deadly curse begin to spread in the factory, terrorizing the workers there. So, eccentric police inspector Song Donglu (Lau Ching Wan) and his hot-blooded, gunslinging partner Guo Zhui (Nicholas Tse) are sent in to investigate the mystery of the phantom bullets... 15-year-old Nina witnesses a terrible crime that puts her life in danger. Being an orphan, she has nobody she can trust. When corrupt businessman Thomas Backer sends five killers after Nina, witness protection officer, Max, a former special-forces soldier, is responsible for her safety. They soon overcome their initial distance to find common ground. While on the run from the ruthless Backer, Rudi, one of Max's former comrades, comes to their rescue - and continues to help the two out of some precarious situations. Even Max's ex-girlfriend Sara is not just there to help him as a federal prosecutor. Nevertheless, Nina and Max face ever-increasing danger, and soon the teenager is not the only one in need of a guardian angel - Max could use one too. Compilation of episodes 1-2 of the Space Battleship Yamato 2199 TV anime. Ultraman Saga opens with a powerful apocalyptic vision of Tokyo, buildings destroyed and the city seemingly devoid of life. We are soon introduced to the Earth Defense Force (EDF), Team U (played by members of the female idol group AKB48). They and a group of young children and the last survivors on planet Earth after the world was invaded by the evil Alien Bat, the rest of the human population having been abducted. As humanity picks up the pieces, following the conclusion of "Transformers: Dark of the Moon," Autobots and Decepticons have all but vanished from the face of the planet. However, a group of powerful, ingenious businessman and scientists attempt to learn from past Transformer incursions and push the boundaries of technology beyond what they can control - all while an ancient, powerful Transformer menace sets Earth in his cross-hairs. Action - Orphan, con artist, crime boss and millionaire, Diamond Ruff has seen it all. In prison for a murder he did not commit, he meets the Reverend Trek Woods, who overwhelms him with kindness, character and faith in god. Falling in love with April, a young woman with terminal illness, Ruff is again challenged to grow and change. Will he be redeemed? There are no easy answers. -  Felicia Pearson, Fredro Starr, Michael Barra After Sabrina is abducted, she finds herself in an underground lair, forced to do battle with other innocent women for the amusement of unseen spectators. Each of these reluctant warriors has something to lose, but only one will remain when the game is done. Rahul embarks on a journey to a small town in Tamil Nadu to fulfill the last wish of his grandfather: to have his ashes immersed in the Holy water of Rameshwaram. En route, he meets a woman hailing from a unique family down South. As they find love through this journey in the exuberant lands of South India, an unanticipated drive awaits them. Chulbul Pandey is transferred and promoted to Kanpur. He is happily married with Rajjo. Kanpur witness a lot of criminal activities daily and kidnapping, rape and murders are done in broad daylight. The main antagonist/villain is Baccha Bhaiyaa, politician and a strong contender for the upcoming elections and Chulbul Pandey sabotages his political image by revealing his immoral activities to the public, media and police force. Chulbul Pandey takes Baccha Bhaiya head on & remains 'Dabang' as always Written by Dhrumil Parekh  Salman Khan is back as Chulbul Pandey in Dabangg 2, the second adventure in one of the most successful franchises of all time in Indian cinema. In Dabangg 2, Chulbul Pandey has to battle the evil goon turned politician Baccha Bhaiyya. As he tries to strengthen his family ties with his father and brother. And romance his newly wed wife. And remain 'Dabangg' (fearless) no matter what. Ten years after their casino heist, four escaped convicts trace their former partner to a desert town, where he is now a lawman with no memory of his criminal past. When a convoy of American soldiers disappears in the Mideast, a Special OPS team is deployed on a search and rescue mission. When they arrive they encounter monstrous over-sized scorpions, spiders and snakes that were created when a former government scientist opened a vortex into another dimension. Now, the team must figure out a way to close the wormhole - but can they close it in time? Vincent Miles, a gunsmith and shooting instructor at the National Police, is an expert in combat shooting who stubbornly refuses to join a field brigade, a choice which their colleagues do not understand. When he meets Milo Cardena, a mysterious and skilled cop, his life changes in such way that he cannot ignore his true nature anymore. In Argentina, between 1982 and 1985, the Puccios, a well-established family of San Isidro, an upper-class suburb of Buenos Aires, kidnap several people and hold them as hostages for a ransom. After ruthless gangsters wrongfully accuse him of stealing from them, a retired criminal has 24 hours to creep back into his past life and retrieve a bag of coke before his fiancee is killed. Amongst the desperation and fear growing in a crime ridden estate in northern England, one man becomes embroiled into saving what community life exists. A pharmaceutical company recruits a well-known scientist to help develop a vaccine against a deadly virus. A cop and his team of comrades go undercover in one of China's most ruthless underworld organizations to stop a gang leader, only to put themselves in great danger after being exposed one by one. A female doctor struggling to find her daughter after a long lost World War II biological weapon explodes on a U.S. military base in Bulgaria, turning people into mutant zombies. At the age of six years, Suzanne Hollander saw her mother kill her father. Twenty-five years later, she is a professor of psychology and lives in fear of becoming a criminal like her. As she teaches a course at the university, gunfire broke out on campus, causing several casualties. The author of the shooting one of his former students with whom she had many conversations where his thesis was on the assessment of empathy. The young man named Connor, is a dangerous psychopath who keeps the track to declare his love. When former black ops operative Tom Steele and his partner Manning are assigned to decommission an old prison, they must oversee the arrival of two mysterious female prisoners. Before long, an elite force of mercenaries assault the prison in search of the new arrivals. As the true identities of the women are revealed, Steele realizes he's caught in the middle of something far bigger than he had imagined.  Video game experts are recruited by the military to fight 1980s-era video game characters who've attacked New York. As an orphan, Naoto Date was scouted by mysterious organization Tiger's Cave. The group trains young men to become villainous wrestlers and collects half of their earnings. Naoto Date goes through a harsh training regime and eventually graduates from Tiger's Cave. He hopes other orphans will not have to go through the difficult life he has.  Naoto Date then makes his debut as the villain Tiger Mask. With his earnings, he also begins to donate his earnings to an orphanage where he grew up. When Naoto Date hears of the orphanage's desperate financial situation, he donates all of his earnings, including the portion that is supposed to go to Tiger Cave.  Tiger Cave now considers Naoto Date a traitor and they send assassins to get ride of Tiger Mask. When Scooby and the gang get trapped in a video game created for them, they must fight against the 'Phantom Virus.' To escape the game they must go level by level and defeat the game once and for all.  A band of black water operatives get wiped out while in Northern Iraq. The sole survivor is left alone to fend for his life. While trying to fend for himself, he befriends a native. A high school teen stumbles into the aftermath of a bank robbery gone wrong and finds himself locked inside his school trying to keep himself and his teacher alive as one of the psychotic robbers hunts them down. An American backpacker gets involved with a ring of drug smugglers as their driver, and winds up on the run from his employers across Munich's autobahns. 4 years, 3 continents, 2 friends, 1 dream, and no script. In the aftermath of a massive earthquake in California, a rescue-chopper pilot makes a dangerous journey across the state in order to rescue his estranged daughter. Mauro, Noel and Broco have been an inseparable group of friends since grade school. All grown up, their lives are not what they hoped they would be. Life has become so routine that they do nothing more than wait for the weekends to drink themselves into oblivion. One night, a chance encounter leads the group on a wild and deadly chase from Santiago's most dangerous crime boss... Forced to make increasingly risky decisions, their frantic, adrenaline fueled desperation brings them closer to a violent, life-changing end where the friendship will be changed forever. The story takes place in the year 2034, two years after the events in Ghost in the Shell: S.A.C. 2nd GIG. Female cyborg Major Motoko Kusanagi has left Public Security Section 9, an elite counter-terrorist and anti-crime unit specializing in cyber-warfare, which has expanded to a team of 20 field operatives with Togusa acting as the field lead. Kogoro's detective agency receives a mysterious phone call. Someone on the other end warns about a bomb and leaves behind a code, "The Boy in Blue and The Blue Zebra, the rain from above ..." If Conan can decipher the riddle, he can stop the bomb. An adventure begins for Conan and the Detective Boys, taking place at a soccer match between Hideo Akagi of the Tokyo Spirits and Ryusuke Higo of Big Osaka Summer war games between the neighborhood kids turns deadly serious when jealousy and betrayal enter the mix, in this alternately hilarious and horrifying black comedy that mixes equal parts Lord of the Flies and Roald Dahl. WKBA kickboxing champion and hard-action star Gary Daniels (The Expendables) takes to the screen in a border-crossing, barrier smashing all-action explosion that pits his will to live against the merciless murder machine of a Mexican drug cartel.  Hardened DEA agent Cole finds himself sucked into the deadly underworld of Tijuanna in search of his ex-wife, a journalist who may have gone too far in search of a story. She's been abducted by a charismatic Cartel boss who publicly aspires to public office while privately slaughtering anyone who gets in his way. Now, in a place where two cultures clash and life is cheaper than bullets, Cole is about to discover the cost of shooting to kill when you Misfire.  The movie is based on an autobiographical book titled "Tokyo Furyou Shounen Densetsu." The book was written by Endo Natsuki, who was once affiliated with the biker team and band COOLS that was formed in the 1970s by Tachi Hiroshi (61) and Iwaki Koichi (60). The story for the film takes place at a technical high school in the 1970s, where it is said that half of the school's 3,000 students are juvenile delinquents. Saito plays a student named Sendo, who is aiming to be number one out of all of them. Naturally, the movie will incorporate a lot of action scenes as he brawls his way to the top. Set in New York City and written by career cop Michael Lovaglio, "The Night Never Sleeps" follows the journey of New York Street Crimes Sargent Thomas Cavanaugh during the course of one night as he and his partners Rourke  and Jablonsky  hunt down murderers of one of their task force. After her outlaw husband returns home shot with eight bullets and barely alive, Jane reluctantly reaches out to an ex-lover who she hasn't seen in over ten years to help her defend her farm when the time comes that her husband's gang eventually tracks him down to finish the job. An extremely wealthy elderly man dying from cancer undergoes a radical medical procedure that transfers his consciousness to the body of a healthy young man but everything may not be as good as it seems when he starts to uncover the mystery of the body's origins and the secret organization that will kill to keep its secrets. As a math savant uncooks the books for a new client, the Treasury Department closes in on his activities and the body count starts to rise. Mariano, 16, inexplicably and without warning, shoots himself twice and improbably survives. Then, life goes on. His brother pursues a romance with a girl working at a fast-food joint, his mother takes off on a trip with a stranger, and Mariano recruits a woman to join his medieval wind ensemble. Osama bin Laden returns from his watery grave and creates an army of zombie insurgents. A Broadway producer puts on a play with a Devil character in it. Soon the actors begin having nightmares, and events that are mentioned in the play really start happening. "Siapa Uncle Usin?" is the question that debut director Husri HJ Husain has everyone thinking about, starring well-known Malaysian actors Zizan Razak, Johan Raja Lawak and Nabil Raja Lawak. The film tells the story of Spy 13, an accomplished and well-known private detective in solving the cases that are entrusted to him. He is gifted with various abilities such as flinging small balls at enemies or changing his surroundings anyway he likes as a result of being brought up by a mysterious teacher. When Spy 13 is hired to uncover the mystery that her father keeps, he soon discovers a much more sinister plot at large, one that involves him traveling across country, where he encounters his brother of the same teacher, 11. But who is Uncle Usin? Shuhaimi Abdullah/Tong and his brother-in-law, Pairot just arrived at the airport. They were caught and were interrogated by Interpol. The Interpol suspected that they are involved with Thai gangsters. Here, Shuhaimi tells us the story that his brother in law just out of jail. Pairot is back to living a normal life running a restaurant with his brother-in-law, Tong. However one day he gets a call to do one last job to steal some client information details from a credit card company A group of teenage ruffians have been using any means to survive on their own in the streets of Chow Kit. But when their friend Tika is raped one day, this group of adolescents have to up the stakes and band together to seek justice and a solution to the problem or more lives will be taken. Meanwhile, on the other side, a former ex-member of the Chow Kit group who has recently been released from prison vows to start a new life, only to find himself dragged back into the past when he agrees to take on one last job for the gang. But when the job goes awry, he must choose between freedom and rotting in prison again. Earth has been conquered by robots from another galaxy and the human survivors must stay in their homes, or risk incineration. While working in a medical camp in Singapore, Bond Ravi falls for Meera. He encounters her again in a village while shooting a documentary only to later rescue her from a drug lord A volatile, oil-rich Nigerian community wages war against their corrupt government and a multi-national oil corporation to protect their land from being destroyed by excessive drilling and spills.  To seek justice, a rebel organization kidnaps an American oil executive and demands that his corporation end the destruction and pollution.  Inspired by true events, Black November is the gripping story of how a community rises up and takes drastic measures to make sure their voices are heard. Five years ago Jack faked his death. Now his little sister is hunting down his ex-partners who she thinks killed him. On top of that, the company send in the cleaners and everything gets bloody. Seven college friends spend their spring break in a remote waterfront cabin only to discover that their happy vacation is about to turn into a hellish trip, as shadowy locals threaten to pick them off one by one. A single credit card grabs the attention of many. Who will get it? When a famous writer (Huang Bo) decides to have his memories wiped to forget a divorce, he regrets it. Attempting to recover the memories, he becomes haunted by psychopathic thoughts, acting out in ways both he and those around him could never imagine.  A companion film to director Leste Chen's 2014 film The Great Hypnotist. Would-be drug dealers are caught between the police and the Mafia. A global exploration of interesting characters, the decisions they make and how they go about making them. A power-company troubleshooter (Bruce Cabot) has his brother (Edward Norris) get him out of prison by running high voltage to the bars of his cell. "blackhats" is about a reformed, hot-tempered bounty hunter, whom, finds his new harmonious life as a Fugitive Recovery Agent threatened, when he must track down a group of cyber hackers before they are assassinated by a rival bounty hunter while also trying to prevent a massive viral attack that could collapse America's economic foundation. Anil decides to look for his friend Hari who has been missing since seven years. When he finally locates him in Punjab, Hari claims that he is Harinder Singh and has no connection with Kerala. The Earth is invaded by alien parasites aka "slugs" that ride on people's backs and control their minds. A trio of American government agents attempt to thwart this. The Devil's Cauldron, a city where depravity and violence has forged a society in which only the lethal and callous can survive, two young men who possess the intellect and ferocity to flourish, carve a name for themselves as the most efficient and unstoppable hit men. Side by side, these two brothers are the deadliest killers, feared by even the most evil criminals. But when a woman of rare beauty mysteriously enters the brother's lives she blinds them with her sweet promises and turns them against each other, resulting in an epic battle that threatens to bring the Devil's Cauldron to the brink of destruction. The whole family is reunited when Sofia comes back for his father's funeral. Quickly, inner problems are revealed. Texas filmmaker Kevin Booth delves into a world of deceit and corruption controlled by a drug dealing government who's only allegiance is to its corporate masters. A father who runs a marriage bureau believes that his son is a failure in life. In order to prove him wrong, his son takes on the task of finding a match for a gangster's sister. Jake is the overnight security guard at a highly-secured Self Storage facility in rural Rhode Island. When his friend's party plans fall through, he invites them to his job site to throw a fiesta of his own. There couldn't be a better location: removed, no people, nothing but party... right? Innocent mischief turns a naughty night of fun into an evening of horror. We soon learn that some things were meant to stay under lock and key and certain places were supposed to be left undisturbed. The kids aren't the only ones at the self storage facility who are looking for a night of fun. Former race car driver Brent Magna is pitted against the clock. Desperately trying to save the life of his kidnapped wife, Brent commandeers a custom Ford Shelby GT500 Super Snake, taking it and its unwitting owner on a high-speed race against time, at the command of the mysterious villain holding his wife hostage. Set in 1920s Shanghai, Ma Zouri and Xiang Feitian establish a notorious beauty pageant called the Flowers Competition. All of the city's elite attend the gala event, but when Wanyan Ying unexpectedly wins, it sets into motion a series of tragic events that change their destinies.   Two punks from the big city, traveling across the country in a Volkswagen bug, embrace the western ethos when they must take revenge against a group of rednecks for killing their friend in this lighthearted road movie. Along the way, they enlist the help of a young woman who runs a wrecking service. In the city of Ghaziabad, gang war breaks between two rival groups led by Satbir Singh and Fauji. Thakur Pritam Singh, a corrupt police officer, is transferred to the city to handle the situation. The legend of Yamashita's Gold lures a treasure hunter and his group deep into the Indonesian jungle. Once they are trapped in an abandoned World War II Japanese bunker, they face the terrifying reality that the only way out is to go further in. An innocent man turns fugitive as he reconstructs events that implicate him for a murder and robbery he did not commit. When Steve (Alex Rendall) loses his job, his money, and his apartment, he drunkenly turns to a life of crime. Determined to rob a bank, Steve discovers he's not the only bank robber in town and certainly not the most dangerous. When they mistake him for one of their own, Steve might just pull off the robbery of the century; unless corrupt cops (Catriona Toop), a dangerous lunatic (Kye Loren), the mob, and a renegade bank robber (Tom Knight) with a dark secret catch him first. Sparta Academy is the nation's top prep school, where students with poor grades undergo frightening torture under the school headmaster's direction. Kekko Kamen makes her appearance at the school in outrageous attire, completely naked except for her red mask, boots and gloves, and attacks the torturing teacher. A dangerous international spy is determined to give up his high stakes life to finally build a closer relationship with his estranged wife and daughter. But first, he must complete one last mission - even if it means juggling the two toughest assignments yet: hunting down the world's most ruthless terrorist and looking after his teenage daughter for the first time in ten years, while his wife is out of town. Derrill Davis aka Dee Dee lives the life as a professional used car salesman by day and one of Atlanta's most deadly and feared undercover street gangsters by night. He hooks up partner oneway Boobe aka Ray and does a string of crimes that involve robbing, kidnapping and the killing of well-known drug dealers. Lucky is a small time criminal and he's happy just getting by until he agrees to look after some counterfeit money for a friend who is in a bit of trouble with the law Two months go by without a word from him so Lucky burns the 'funny money' to avoid problems for himself. Surya is a gym coach and he is very close to Sri and his family. Murthy is Sri's father and Meghana is his sister. Surya is a man who fights against any injustice he comes across and this brings him into direct conflict with Raja Goud. In a separate track, Sriram gets into major trouble in Saudi Arabia and Ravi Teja must do everything he can to save his friend's life. In a curious twist of fate, only Raja Goud has the ability to save Sriram from certain death. Will Surya enter into a compromise with Raja Goud? How can Raja Goud save a man in trouble in Saudi Arabia? That forms the story Dexter, age 11, who has AIDS, and his next door neighbor Eric, a little older and much bigger, become best friends. Eric also becomes closer to Dexter's mother than to his own, who is neglectful and bigoted and violently forbids their friendship upon learning of it. Dexter and Erik start the journey to find "The Cure" they had read about in the local newspaper. Daniel Vicente (Shawn Bernal) is Chicago's most feared hit man whose life has been disciplined by an assassin's creed of solitude and tradition. Serving as the right hand man of Patrick Keller (Chad Sheveland), the second most powerful crime lord in Chicago, Daniel has assisted Patrick into the power and status that he holds. However, when an unexpected double cross occurs during the assassination of a well-known council leader, Daniel finds himself the prime target of the fearsome Madame Lo (Allison Carvalho), leader of the triads. After finding out that Patrick approved the hit on him, Daniel is left stunned and angered. Confused, betrayed, and left with no explanation, Daniel must confront old friends and past demons, while questioning his own creed to find out who he can trust, why he was double crossed, and to ultimately find the reason of his existence. A guest tries to stay inside the house of a man who can't kill him unless he's outside, because of believing guest to be equal to God.  Alpha Girls is about a Sorority House terrorized by an unholy curse of their own creation. U.S. Navy SEAL Chris Kyle takes his sole mission--protect his comrades--to heart and becomes one of the most lethal snipers in American history. His pinpoint accuracy not only saves countless lives but also makes him a prime target of insurgents. Despite grave danger and his struggle to be a good husband and father to his family back in the States, Kyle serves four tours of duty in Iraq. However, when he finally returns home, he finds that he cannot leave the war behind. A widowed reporter recruits the help of a federal agent to investigate her late husband's secrets, but the two become the target of unknown attackers.  When FBI Agent John Nelson's key informant, Miles, is abducted and shot, all that's left is a severed finger. In order to find a new lead, Nelson travels to New York City to inform widowed magazine reporter Rebecca Scott that her long dead husband, Miles, had only recently been murdered to see if she had heard from him in recent years. Perplexed, Scott joins Agent Nelson in the wealthy enclave of Australia's Gold Coast to find out what really happened. The two soon discover Miles may have been part of an elaborate "Ponzi scheme" to bilk investors, and a vengeful billionaire, out of millions of dollars. As more layers of Miles' secret life are exposed, can the two stay ahead of the mysterious attackers who will stop at nothing to halt their investigation? New York City detective Daniel Ciello agrees to help the United States Department of Justice help eliminate corruption in the police department, as long as he will not have to turn in any close friends. In doing so, Ciello uncovers a conspiracy within the force to smuggle drugs to street informants The true story of Forrest Tucker, from his audacious escape from San Quentin at the age of 70 to an unprecedented string of heists that confounded authorities and enchanted the public. Wrapped up in the pursuit are a detective, who becomes captivated with Forrest's commitment to his craft, and a woman, who loves him in spite of his chosen profession. David begins experiencing cloudy memories of a long-lost life, a murderous existence before he moved to America, where an accident took his memory and his sight. Under the wing of Don Michele, he was a chosen of the violent, Sicilian Cortello family...a family he ultimately betrayed. Now fleeing his ruthless New York City mafiosa existence as part of the family overseen by the irrational and explosive Don Federico--his half-brother, unbeknownst to him--David embarks on a journey back to his Italian origins. Enroute on a train, he encounters a mysterious woman, as well as Father Leonard (Danny Glover), who senses that they all have a connection...and that David has a past that weighs heavily on his mind. But the priest has secrets of his own, having long ago murdered the notorious Williams (Steven Bauer). As Don Federico also sets out for Sicily, each of their paths are destined to cross in bloody confrontation, an atonement of long-ago sins. Two 12-year-old girls going through a divorce make a pact never to divorce their friendship. The Earth is threatened by the mysterious Space Ironmen brothers, and the Kamen Rider Club goes to the space to avoid them to be awakened. However, an agent of the  Alicia Federation, Inga Blink, tries to stop them. Kamen Rider Forze and Meteor fight for the destiny of the Earth and for the friendship of all beings. A story of two coalitions - ACT UP and TAG (Treatment Action Group) - whose activism and innovation turned AIDS from a death sentence into a manageable condition. Despite having no scientific training, these self-made activists infiltrated the pharmaceutical industry and helped identify promising new drugs, moving them from experimental trials to patients in record time. The "Bloods" are the most intimidating and violent gang in the city. A lawless city... where gangs rule the streets... The vicious and blood thirsty murderer Slater is their leader. The city is his domain... he rules! There are those who are not members of gangs such as Mikey and his friends. Mikey lives on the edge, he is daring and always in trouble and fights. His brother Mathis and his friends try to avoid trouble at any cost. Revenge becomes the motive to Mikey when his brother Mathis goes missing and is killed..... Written by Generation X Group GmbH George Geef gets sent home from work to tend to his cold. A recently deceased man discovers that the afterlife isn't quite what he was expecting. Three stories set on the most dangerous city in the world, Monterrey Mexico:  Max, a hit man from the mob, hunts a guy named Jesus, who is an ex killer looking for redemption; Belinda, a wedding photographer, lives with a man who thinks is a dog; and Roberto, a videographer, who gets involved with the mob. By late 1944, the Western Allies were infected with over-confidence that flowed from the sweeping victories they had gained since the Breakout from Normandy and that by December had carried them to the very borders of the Third Reich. They were confident that the war would soon be over, but they were sadly mistaken. On December 16, German forces launched a massive attack through the Ardennes, the opening blows of Operation Watch on the Rhine, known to history as the Battle of the Bulge. After a bizarre and near fatal encounter with a serial killer, a newswoman is sent to a rehabilitation center whose inhabitants may not be what they seem. After an American tourist steps on a landmine, he is forced to watch his girlfriend get assaulted. Escaped prisoners on a Philippine island battle headhunters and other jungle dangers. Nguyen Vu is the sole survivor of his family who was executed by the empress of Vietnam. Upon discovering that his family may have been framed for crimes they did not commit, he sets out to bring justice and clear his family name. Birla Bose, an encounter specialist's next assignment takes him to the holy city of Rameshwaram, where the greatest challenge of his career awaits for him. Christopher Gabriel, a young American, suffers from constant nightmares. These dreams have been coming for a long time, and nothing seems to be able to stop them. Suddenly, an unknown group of people kidnaps him and conducts a number of strange experiments. Initially, he is terrified, but unexpectedly, they help him realize that he is not an ordinary guy and is meant to accomplish an important mission. His dreams are the key to the answer. Five British friends head to the Andes for a stag weekend. Of course, they're unprepared, get lost - and inevitably ignore all warnings about the sinister local legend of the 'The Hunter'. Mrs. Gequil is an eccentric teacher despised by her colleagues and students. On a stormy night, she is struck by lightning and faints. When she wakes up, she feels different. Will she now be able to keep the powerful and dangerous Mrs. Hyde contained? It has been ten years since The Battle of the Breach and the oceans are still, but restless. Vindicated by the victory at the Breach, the Jaeger program has evolved into the most powerful global defense force in human history. The PPDC now calls upon the best and brightest to rise up and become the next generation of heroes when the Kaiju threat returns. Murat (Ilhan Kuyululu), an older Turkish migrant in Australia, works hard to achieve his dream of buying a truck, and of returning a rich man to Turkey to marry the woman he loves. He uses his savings to visit Turkey to celebrate his sister's wedding. Running in parallel is another story, featuring the younger Ayhan (Sait Memisoglu), who in contrast has an affair with an Australian girl Sarah (Kate Sheil). About a boy, Azman who stumbles upon a nano-tech glove which can transform his motorbike into body armor. The technology was designed by Dr.Natasya Irina Pushkin, a scientist at the Western Tech. Corporation. However, when she realizes that her creation will be used by a man with the power to destroy the world, she is determined to sabotage it. A group of beach goers discover the mystery of a Loch Ness Monster in the ocean. Further investigation shows that this is only one of a whole planet full of them, and they aren't too happy with Earth. The tables are turned as four teenagers are sucked into Jumanji's world - pitted against rhinos, black mambas and an endless variety of jungle traps and puzzles. To survive, they'll play as characters from the game. Action epic sees a passionate young man transform into a brutal warrior as he travels the unforgiving landscape in search of his long lost brother Hakan The Ferrocious, whose people are relying on him to restore order to their kingdom. In the mid 19th century, Yankee whalers taught the sailors on the tiny island of Bequia in the West Indies how to catch whales. The once proud American tradition has been kept alive and cherished by Bequians generation after generation. For the last few decades outside pressures, overt and covert, have conspired against the whale hunters and those who rely on them. The stouthearted whalers simply seek sustenance for their community but also provide something else: identity. Cindy, alone, grieves the War's end. After her husband Tom returns, her only companion, Barbara, withdraws. As fantasy meets reality, Cindy slips away...the past her only reprieve. In this Guy Ritchie-like action flick, JUDE ST. CLERE discovers he has a daughter by his junkie ex-girlfriend. He vows to take care of her after taking one last job. He's quickly entwined dead smack in the middle of a bloody mob war. Knowing that his chances of making it out alive are slim, he plunges in guns blazing. Zambrano is a young criminal with the only hope of joining the legendary prison American football team known as The Dogs of Santa Martha. His hopes end up involving him with organized crime since The Dogs, who are also known as The 4th Company, a squadron of inmates at the service of the administration that controls the jail, its vice and its privileges. Corruption and crime have no limits; they ravage the city with car thefts, bank robberies and other crimes under the auspices of the authorities, the story takes place during the Lopez Portillo presidency and his men. A rookie cop joins the crime branch of the Mumbai police department, and on his first assignment is faced with the dilemma of whether he should shoot a murder suspect who is attempting to escape or not. A former American G.I. joins a yakuza family after his release from prison in post-World War II Osaka. Selva (Arun Vijay) owns a travel agency in Chennai. He dreams to make it big in life and is all set to marry his lover Priya (Mamta Mohandas). The city is under the grip of dreaded baddies Maha (Maha Gandhi) and his brother Kumar (Krishnavamsi). They are loan sharks who go to any extent to wield their clout in the city. Selva comes across Maha and soon Maha gets killed in mysterious circumstances. The blame falls on Selva. Kumar and his men want to bump off Selva. A perplexed Selva runs for cover. He sets out to find the real killer. But there is a twist in the tale and Selva takes a new avatar as he decides to wage a bloody war with baddies. Brooklyn mobster and prolific hit man Jimmy Conlon has seen better days. Longtime best friend of a mob boss, Jimmy is haunted by the sins of his past--as well as a dogged police detective who's been one step behind Jimmy for 30 years. But when Jimmy's estranged son becomes a target, Jimmy must make a choice between the crime family he chose and the real family he abandoned long ago. Now, with nowhere safe to turn, Jimmy has just one night to figure out exactly where his loyalties lie and to see if he can finally make things right. A dance troupe trapped in their theatre by the Zombie Apocalypse discover that the threat doesnt just lie beyond the chained doors, and that there are indeed worse things than being torn apart by critics. Vishwanathan, a Kathak dance teacher in New York, is in a rather happy marriage with Nirupama who is a nuclear oncologist. Nirupama is from a middle class family in Chennai, she marries Vishwanath (a dance master) to pursue her higher studies in the USA. But when Nirupama wants to break up with her husband, she engages a private detective. That's when the pandora's box opens up. A burglar falls for an heiress as she dies in his arms. When he learns that he has the gift of reincarnation, he sets out to save her. Home Minister Janardhan Jagirdarand chief Minister Anna Saheb are much concerned over the criminal activities of underworld dons Rawal and Rauf Lala. Rawal is operating from Bangkok while Rauf supervises his gang from Mumbai. The famous Encounter Squad is activated to counter the gangsters and restore peace in the area. The formidable Sadhu Agashe (Nana Patekar) is requested to take charge of the peace-keeping mission. At first he is reluctant but after continuous insistence, he agrees to launch a counter attack against Rawal and Lala Rauf gangs and the action begins. About a young man set to win a pokertournament, but eventually he finds himself in the dark underground of Stavanger. Summer is a typical girl raised by a firefighter father which inspired her to follow his footsteps. She then meets Rael by chance a couple of times. Rael realizes he actually likes Summer but proving this to her is much more difficult and challenging. Lal Baadshah is a 1999 Bollywood film directed by K.C. Bokadia and starring Amitabh Bachchan in a dual role, Raghuvaran, Manisha Koirala, Shilpa Shetty and Amrish Puri. Nirupa Roy also appears in her last film playing Bachchan's foster mother. This was Bachchan's third film since his comeback after a five-year hiatus; it failed at the box office but hit in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar. A young girl is transported into a magical world of gingerbread soldiers and an army of mice.  In Disney's magical take on the classic The Nutcracker, Clara wants a one-of-a-kind key that will unlock a box holding a priceless gift. A golden thread presented at her godfather's holiday party leads her to the coveted key--which promptly disappears into a strange and mysterious parallel world. There Clara encounters a soldier, a gang of mice and the regents of three magical Realms. But she must brave the ominous Fourth Realm, home to the tyrant Mother Ginger, to retrieve her key and return harmony to the unstable world. In a City where crime rules supreme, District Attorney Tony Quinn has the scales of justice stacked against him. When a crime boss has Tony blinded by acid, it seems that crime has won for good. But through a miracle of modern science, Tony is given the ability to see in the dark like a bat. Tony Quinn takes the guise of the Black Bat to see to it that crime pays and that the scales of justice are balanced once more. Pauline, a devoted and generous home help nurse, raises her two children alone, while also looking after her father, a former steelworker. Taking advantage of her popularity, the directors of an extremist political party suggest she become their candidat at the mayoral elections. A man falls in love with a beautiful girl, who also loves him. But later, after the man gets injured in a car accident, the truth about her identity is revealed. Shravan enrols himself in the University of Banaras as per his father's wishes. Being a man of principles, he soon finds himself amidst the fight against the corruption prevalent in the university. Michael Chambers has come home to Austin, Texas. To the mother who's starting a new life and the brother driven by old jealousies. To the places he remembers and the memories he can't forget. And to Rachel, the woman he married and then betrayed with his passion for gambling. Now she's together with Tommy Dundee, a man no one trifles with. He takes care of her in a way Michael never could, but there's a price for his attention and Rachel knows this. And when Michael devises a plan to get Rachel out from under Tommy's control, they become entangled in a web of intrigue, danger and desire from which no one escapes unscathed. As Hannah Montana's popularity begins to take over her life, Miley Stewart, on the urging from her father takes a trip to her hometown of Crowley Corners, Tennessee to get some perspective on what matters in life the most.  Don Bosco is a soft-spoken and religious young man who is studying in a seminary. He takes upon himself the task of bringing to heel the Pathaam Kalam gang, who killed his father years ago. Don meets head on with the Cochin underworld kings, and rechristens himself as Don Daveed. Henceforth his operations start bearing the brand of the D Company. Following a deadly viral outbreak, private military soldier Max Gatling leads a handful of survivors and a ragtag band of robots against an army of the infected. Guts, an immensely strong sword-for-hire, has little direction in his life, simply fighting one battle after the next. However, this all changes suddenly when he meets and is bested by Griffith, a beautiful and charismatic young man who leads the Band of the Hawk mercenary army. After Guts joins the Band and the relationship between the two men begins to blossom, Casca, the tough, lone swordswoman in the Band of the Hawk, struggles to accept Guts and the influence he has on the world around her.  While the two men begin to fight together, Griffith continues to rise to power, all seemingly in order to reach his mysterious, prophesied goals. What lengths will Guts and Griffith go to in order to reach these goals, and where will fate take the two men? The Kamen Rider Club discovers that the Dai-Zangyack fleet is moving towards Earth, led by Captain Marvelous as their Great Emperor. With many revived Super Sentai villains under his command, Captain Marvelous plans to obtain the Great Power of the Kamen Riders to gain the "Ultimate Treasure in the Universe. Meanwhile, Tsukasa Kadoya becomes the Great Leader of Dai-Shocker once again and recruits past enemies of the Kamen Riders to take down the Super Sentai teams. Unknown to the heroes, the Kamen Rider villains comprising Dai-Shocker cooperate with Dai-Zangyack's Super Sentai villain members with the intent of taking over the world. Upon learning this, the Kamen Riders and the Super Sentai teams all join forces in order to stop their respective enemies once and for all. Satya is given a different face after he suffers burn-related injuries. After being released from the hospital, he deals with the murderer of his lover Deepti. But his new face has given him new foes. A criminal waits in a seedy motel and waits for his boss after killing several men to steal a bag. Max, a struggling actor living in South Africa, has flown into Sydney, Australia for the audition of his life. As soon as he lands things start to go horribly wrong when his girlfriend Sallie disappears. Frustrated with the police's lack of progress in finding her, Max embarks on a desperate search for Sallie with the help of childhood friend Richard. The pair's search pushes them to both external and internal extremities in their desperate plight to find Sallie. A drama centered on people who seek validation by broadcasting their lives to as big an audience as possible. The story of a gangster, a pizza boy and a dumb plan. A close-knit group of gay friends share the emotional roller coster of life, relationships, the death of friends, new beginnings, jealousy, fatherhood and professional success. At various stages of life's disarray, these young men share humorous and tragic relationships and always have each other to rely on. Brooklyn mobster and prolific hit man Jimmy Conlon has seen better days. Longtime best friend of a mob boss, Jimmy is haunted by the sins of his past--as well as a dogged police detective who's been one step behind Jimmy for 30 years. But when Jimmy's estranged son becomes a target, Jimmy must make a choice between the crime family he chose and the real family he abandoned long ago. Now, with nowhere safe to turn, Jimmy has just one night to figure out exactly where his loyalties lie and to see if he can finally make things right. In the wild west, two brothers embark on a journey to collect a bounty in a desperate attempt to save their home: but what they find along the way is more than they bargained for. A Yakuza hitman travels to North America for his 27th job, only to find lingering memories of lost love through a chance encounter with a beautiful prostitute. Mirccu has a dream job as the PR coordinator of a record company. When her boss, the music mogul Martin threatens to fire her, she is forced to find her own way to success. Together with her football-playing boyfriend Roba who is recovering from an ankle injury she has to reflect whether the good times are really over, and to what lengths they are willing to go to survive. She is given one last chance to prove herself by successfully launching the career of an obnoxious fifteen-year-old teenage star-to-be with the code name Dirty Bomb. Earth as we know it is gone. A virus has destroyed the planet and rendered all its women infertile, all but one. An elite team of soldiers are tasked with bringing the woman to safety on the newly habitable Earth Two. But when they are forced underground they find themselves fighting for survival from an bloodthirsty creature in a maze of ever shrinking tunnels. As the team's ranks start to dwindle, the tunnels shrink and the ammunition run out, the crawl for survival becomes more and more desperate. A high stakes poker game. A drug lord. A million dollars. A set of ruthless killers who want it all. At the age of 10, Australian-born Andi Gibson had what she describes as a close encounter with a flying saucer. Naturally, everyone assumed she was bonkers. That is until one notable evening, 17 years later, when an airborne extra-terrestrial armada launches a nation-wide assault on Andi's home country and at the same time, for unspecified reasons, kidnaps her mother. To add to the debacle, it seems the other nations of the world are far too insulted by their exclusion from the attack to come to Australia's aid. Now it is up to Andi, her hypochondriac brother Elliot, retired boxer cousin Keith and documentary filmmaker friend Cam to stop the attack and rescue Andi's mum. Enlisting the help of Andi's equal-parts mysterious and cringeworthy father, the gang must battle car-chasing spaceships, martial-arts aliens, giant killer robots and, perhaps most frighteningly, a deluge of family secrets in their fight to save Australia. Bloody hell, this is gonna be a long night A homeless amnesiac strives to unlock the secret to his best friends murder but at the cost of unlocking his own checkered past. Surya, a juvenile offender, completes his education in prison and upon release embarks on his dream project. However, he has to overcome numerous obstacles to turn his dream into a reality. A political thriller steeped in illegal oil trading, the Russian Mafia, and governmental cover-ups. Peaceful, rustic Metzburgh is a quiet village which was a former industrial town whose glory days are long past after the collapse of Metzburgh Grain. Teenager Mark Lowe (Jason John Beebe) and his ex-girlfriend Lucy Greenheart (Sarah Manzella) are stuck in a lovers quarrel when a meteorite crash lands in the passive community. Glen (Robert Bozek ), an ex-employee of the grain silos who became homeless after the collapse of the mills, stumbles upon the fiery crash. Unaware that his find could be dangerous, he gets too close and a chemical poison sprays out of the meteorite, enveloping him. The chemical agent known as Ombis begins to turn his insides into a slimly substance. Unable to stop the spread of the infection, Glen runs onto the road where Mark and Lucy find him. The two take him to the only Doctor in town, Doctor D (Deborah Manzella) Mark and Lucy are shocked by their gruesome discovery and immediately contact the local Sheriff Thomas Brackett (Richard Satterwhite). Saguni is a Tamil political satire film directed by Shankar Dayal. The film features Karthi and Pranitha in the lead roles, while Santhanam, Roja, Prakash Raj, Raadhika Sarathkumar and Nassar appear in supporting roles. The film along with its dubbed Telugu Version Sakuni released on June 22, 2012, It received mixed reviews. An American mother searches for her daughter who was kidnapped by human traffickers in Central America. Juliet Forrest is convinced that the reported death of her father in a mountain car crash was no accident. Her father was a prominent cheese scientist working on a secret recipe. To prove it was murder, she enlists the services of private eye, Rigby Reardon. He finds a slip of paper containing a list of people who are 'The Friends and Enemies of Carlotta'. Stranded after a tragic plane crash, two strangers must forge a connection to survive the extreme elements of a remote snow covered mountain. When they realize help is not coming, they embark on a perilous journey across the wilderness. Two brothers, a prominent and respected doctor and an international gun for hire turned businessman, form an ambitious partnership and reconnect after their last job in Southeast Asia. Wimpy young executive, Michael is about to get pulverised by a jealous boyfriend in a bar when a handsome, mysterious stranger steps in--and then disappears. Later that night, Michael runs into a stranger on a pier, who wheedles his way into Michael's life and turns it upside down. This outrageously funny look at one man's final moments of bachelorhood stars Tom Hanks as Rick, reluctant recipient of a bachelor bash given by a group of friends who view partying as their full-time religion. Rick's worried fiancee, Debbie (Tawny Kitaen), dresses up in disguise and crashes the party to spy on her future husband. Imagine Wes Anderson's Bottle Rocket fused with the reality TV show Survivor, and you might get the slightest inkling of this hilarious buddy-comedy-crime-caper that spins entirely off the rails. Two party-animal, reality TV stars (Jason Trost - The FP, and Lucas Till - X-Men: First Class) are stranded in Thailand. The only way home, and last chance of reclaiming their reality star-status? A treasure map... to a treasure map... Hilarity and adventure ensue in this indie comedic gem. A defense attorney begins to suspect that her client, who is charged with the murders of a vacationing family, might be more than meets the eye. Two men exploring the Louisiana swamps run into a Bigfoot-type creature. When a Las Vegas bodyguard with lethal skills and a gambling problem gets in trouble with the mob, he has one last play... and it's all or nothing. Lenny is a surveyor who just lost his job. When a new opportunity arises, he doesn't think twice to take it. What he doesn't know is that this new job will test, not only his abilities, but also his will to survive. Primatologist Davis Okoye shares an unshakable bond with George, the extraordinarily intelligent, silverback gorilla who has been in his care since birth.  But a rogue genetic experiment gone awry mutates this gentle ape into a raging creature of enormous size.  To make matters worse, it's soon discovered there are other similarly altered animals.  As these newly created alpha predators tear across North America, destroying everything in their path, Okoye teams with a discredited genetic engineer to secure an antidote, fighting his way through an ever-changing battlefield, not only to halt a global catastrophe but to save the fearsome creature that was once his friend. Warriors called "Saints" are the champions of hope who have always appeared since the Age of Myth whenever evil threatens the world. In this present day story, many years since the long fought "Holy War" we find Saori Kido, a girl troubled by her mysterious powers. She is saved by a boy, Seiya "Bronze Saint" from a sudden attack by an assassin, through the accident Saori realizes her destiny and mission and decides to go to "Sanctuary" with Seiya and his company of Bronze Saints. In Sanctuary they confront "Pope" and wage a desperate battle against the greatest Saints, the "Gold Saints". The movie tells the story of Sharon Gill, a modern-day Canadian Sikh graduate student who travels to India as part of her thesis on minorities at war. Revelations about the past soon leave the student curious for more information, and Gill's awareness changes after maneuvering into prison to interview Kartaar Singh. Singh is a hockey player whose life experiences lead him to fight against corruption in the police and government systems. The film's central story is based around Kartaar Singh's journey which is filled with courage, perseverance, and faith. Fifteen years after their father was gunned down in cold blood, Cashius and Winston Hurley return to their hometown to avenge his death. Joining forces with their cousin Bugsy, the two gun-slinging brothers hunt down everyone involved in their father's murder. As the bullets fly and the death toll rises, the three young cowboys find themselves fugitives from the law, running for their lives and fighting for their revenge.  There's something strange happening inside Buffalo Central Terminal. A group of urban explorers find more than they bargained for. A Mexican-American gangster from Robstown, Texas takes on the mafia on his own, while coming to terms with an age old vendetta. Harde Strenger is about  Bobby, Alex and HK who on day are indebted to the village no.1 asshole "Slegga". Everyone has a way to raise money, these guys have many.  Harde Strenger offers ridiculous situations, dry jokes, action-packed scenes, romantic moments, "raning" and folk music. Calvin is a young novelist who achieved phenomenal success early in his career but is now struggling with his writing - as well as his romantic life. Finally, he makes a breakthrough and creates a character named Ruby who inspires him. When Calvin finds Ruby, in the flesh, sitting on his couch about a week later, he is completely flabbergasted that his words have turned into a living, breathing person. A detective's bride and her bridesmaid are raped and killed on the eve of the wedding, and the bodies are left covered in red roses.  The detective is drugged and framed for the murders and he must clear his name and find the killers. Some of us grew up on the streets. Some of us never grew up. High school senior Tara is so painfully shy that she dreads speaking to anyone in the hallways or getting called on in class. But in the privacy of her bedroom with her iPod in hand, she rocks out -- doing mock broadcasts for Miami's hottest FM radio station, which happens to be owned by her stepfather. When a slot opens up at The SLAM, Tara surprises herself by blossoming behind the mike into confident, "Radio Rebel" -- and to everyone's shock, she's a hit! When zombies overrun San Francisco, a desperate group survives by locking themselves inside Alcatraz Prison. When the undead breach the island, our heros are forced to return to the mainland overrun with the undead. John 'Concrete' Hong has one night to fight his way across a violent city and rescue the one he loves. After eviction from their apartment, John and Bethany Hong are forced to live on the streets of Union, a violent city where street gangs control the lower blocks. When John journeys to the bottom of the city to find work, the WCC gang corners him. After fighting his way out, he becomes the target of the corrupt Police Chief and his hired assassin, Finger. A washed up wrestler decides to come out of retirement. A detective from Hong Kong teams up with an American gambler to battle against a notorious Chinese criminal. In the 28th century, Valerian and Laureline are special operatives charged with keeping order throughout the human territories. On assignment from the Minister of Defense, the two undertake a mission to Alpha, an ever-expanding metropolis where species from across the universe have converged over centuries to share knowledge, intelligence, and cultures. At the center of Alpha is a mysterious dark force which threatens the peaceful existence of the City of a Thousand Planets, and Valerian and Laureline must race to identify the menace and safeguard not just Alpha, but the future of the universe. With dark shades on and a burning cigarette between his lips, Makoy will do whatever it takes to get back his girlfriend Sonia, who's pregnant with their child. He makes the trip to remote Pulupandan, her hometown, and is quickly rebuffed by Sonia's mother Fely. But Makoy has never been one to give up. With the help of Sonia's father Nestor and his ever-dependable helper Bart, Makoy stays in town to surprise Sonia on her birthday. But alas, Makoy gets into trouble with a group of townsfolk who transform into tiktik--horrific, man-eating creatures with a taste for fetuses that are still in the womb! They are angry, and they are hungry for revenge. Will their thirst for blood and retribution be quenched? Will Makoy finally get his act together, protect Sonia and their baby, and once and for all prove himself worthy of their love? Who will win in the battle between men and monsters? A fugitive rehabilitates a young genius at the cusp of a technological breakthrough while evading the cross-hair of the world's greatest superpower. The Franchise Shane Douglas accidentally kills a wrestler in the ring. The wrestler's brother Angus seeks revenge by surrendering his soul to an ancient demon to gain the power to raise the undead. Angus then pays for a private show at an empty prison to lure Douglas and his friend Rowdy Roddy Piper into a death trap. An ex-mercenary known for finding missing children is hired by a mixed martial arts fighter whose daughter has been kidnapped. When one of her hits goes wrong, a professional assassin ends up with a suitcase full of a million dollars belonging to a mob boss ... In the third installment of the hit Nazi Zombie action horror movie, Outpost: Rise Of The Spetnaz, we discover the horrifying origins of these supernatural soldiers and see them in ferocious gladiatorial battle against the most ruthless and notorious of all military special forces: the Russian Spetsnaz. Santos, a fighter finished pacheco overweight and suffers from his recent divorce with Busty Mendoza, a voluptuous and wild woman fighter. To get out of your depression, Santos begins a campaign to help Sahuayo Zombies (gray and harmless characters with which fully identifies). However, his philanthropic campaign soon becomes a very profitable business that leverages Santos for their benefit. The population becomes a zombie plague and Busty Santos threatens to dispose of them. However, the Peyote Murderer (rivals Santos) who gets rid of the zombies. But the world without zombies turns out to be worse than anyone could have imagined and the only chance to save the nation is that the Saints and the Peyote work together to return to repopulate the world Sahuayo zombies. Private eye Roland Drake cracks cases and romances femme fatales in 1940's Los Angeles while corrupt cop Det Barry Tate rules the city. A tale told in the classic style of film noir. Drake has fallen on hard times in a harsh world. He has been evicted from his office and disgraced by a missing persons case. Ruined in the public eye and with the police. it seems like it's all over for Roland Drake. Then, redemption walks in - with curves. The owner of those curves is a sexy, dark haired beauty named Katherine Montemar. She wants his help. The chemistry is immediate and her concern for the disappearance of her family members pulls him into her case - and into bed. Harischandra Prasad (Nandamuri Balakrishna) is an influential leader in Rayalaseema and he treats all his people as his children. To provide jobs to them, he decides to build a huge steel plant with the assistance of foreign collaborators. But Ramappa (Pradeep Rawat) and his assistant (Kota Srinivasa Rao) oppose this. They hatch a plan to eliminate him. His son Ramakrishna (Nandamuri Balakrishna) thwart the villain's plans. But the story takes a cruel twist as the villains strike at the heart of the family by using Bobby (Nandamuri Balakrishna). Bilkis Banu, lost her husband Hasan on the bloody night of 25th March 1971. She tries to forget him and concentrate on the urban guerrilla movements of Dhaka with Altaf Mahmud, Shahadat, Mrs Khan and many more. But the when spies and the razakars inform on them, most of their people get arrested and Bilkis has to run for her lives, towards her village. The special bond that develops between plus-sized inflatable robot Baymax, and prodigy Hiro Hamada, who team up with a group of friends to form a band of high-tech heroes. A little known fact is that Chinggis Khaan, better known as Genghis Khan, would collect orphans from his bloody battlefields and have his own mother raise them. These adopted brothers grew up to become his most loyal officials and advisers. Khaan organised his Mongol soldiers into groups according to the decimal system. Soldiers were arranged in units of 10 ("aravt"), 100 ("zuut"), 1,000 ("minghan") and 10,000 ("tumen"). Each unit had an appointed leader reporting to a larger unit. A 10-person "aravt" unit is ordered by Khaan to locate a skilled doctor who lives in a forest. En route, they discover an abandoned baby. He is in fact the child of an enemy warrior who gives pursuit, even though they have saved the child's life. Whilst protecting the child from attacks from enemy soldiers, the members of the "aravt" must also complete their mission. Through their actions, they demonstrate the benevolence and bravery of Mongol warriors as the final battle closes in. Born to Fly pushes the boundaries between action and art, daring us to join choreographer Elizabeth Streb and her dancers in pursuit of human flight. Three friends on a wilderness excursion must outrun a white collar criminal hellbent on retrieving his cash, but soon their greed turns them against each other. A modern re-telling of Treasure of the Sierra Madre (1948). Akhilan and Vimalan are the conjoined twins of genetic scientist Ramachandran, whose company makes Energion, a dietary supplement that promises to make geniuses out of children. When Russian journalist Volga tells them that there is something fishy about Energion and is mysteriously found dead, their lives are turned topsy-turvy. Two young scientists are swept up in a government plot to suppress the truth about a biological disaster at a genetic research facility. Along with the album 220 Volt Live the video Three Phase was released in 1993. The video imagery is arranged according to the tracks of the soundtrack with emphasis on the Seattle 1992 concert. Short vintage shots of the band retrospective have been edited down from 16 hours of archival film supplied by TD. Live shots are mixed up with pictures of three bicycles pedaling in the desert (Dolls In The Shadow), a despaired man on the streetcorner (Treasure Of Innocence), neon effects and San Francisco night shots (Oriental Haze), night skies (Graffiti Street and Backstreet Hero), colourful geometric patterns (Phaedra) and older shots with longhaired Chris Franke and Johannes Schmoelling (Hamlet). George Biddle, CPA is a swashbuckling accountant challenged by Ronald Black, his old high school math nemesis, now a rogue IRS Agent. Their last childhood face-off ended in controversy... and now Black wants a rematch. He's leading our hero down a paper-trail of challenges (loosely based on the Twelve Labors of Hercules) that culminate in a renewed face-off at the Biddle Family Chicken Farm and Feather Pillow Factory. A secret cabal, The Shadow, works to bring about the return of Goth Azul - the Undead God - in the rich world of SAGA, populated by elves, orcs, dwarves and dragons.  A ruthless elven bounty huntress (Nemyt) shoots down the dragon ridden by the fugitive orc shaman, Fangtor Bloodmoon. When Fangtor refuses to surrender quietly, the huntress must battle for her own life against the dangerous villain, and comes away with more than just his head. Following the events of Captain America: Civil War, Peter Parker, with the help of his mentor Tony Stark, tries to balance his life as an ordinary high school student in Queens, New York City, with fighting crime as his superhero alter ego Spider-Man as a new threat, the Vulture, emerges. Struggling artist Min Hee-do is offered three billion won to bet his life to a game against a rich old man, Kang No-sik, who is dying from a terminal illness. The game is for each man to dial a random phone number and guess if the person who answers will be male or female. Hee-do loses the bet, and after a month long brain operation, he wakes up to find that they have swapped bodies. In early Republican China, rumors were going around about the treasure in Wudang Mountain. An American conspirator took his well-trained kung fu daughter to Wudang by sponsoring a Taoist martial arts competition, to steal the treasure. Out of expectation, a disciple represented Wudang to compete with other martial arts masters for the championship. During the competition, resentment incurred against different parties, the relationship became complicated, a Korean female Tai Chi descendant fell in love with the American conspirator and the secret of the treasure had been revealed. The treasure is the key of the magnetic field of Wudang, if it's stolen, Wudang would be devastated. To protect Wudang, a group of young heroes rallied around to defeat grant masters. It's the time the long-lost Wudang martial arts returned After he performs a dangerous dare-devil stunt at an air show, South Korean Air Force pilot Tae-hun is kicked out of the elite Black Eagles flying team and transferred to a combat unit where he immediately comes into conflict with ace pilot Cheol-hui. He makes friends with the other pilots in the unit and falls in love with the beautiful Se-young, who is in charge of maintenance, but his antics soon cause the entire unit to be suspended from duty. When a North Korean MIG fighter threatens, the group is called back into a gripping dogfight that leaves one comrade dead and another missing. Cheol-hui and Tae-hun join forces to rescue their missing friend and prevent a catastrophic war. Set in a troubled town in the center of England, life is tough for Toby, a local fighter down on his luck. His mother is an invalid; the town hates him and a particularly nasty businessman has plans for him that will tear his life apart. One day, after losing a crucial fight, a stranger only known as 'The Collector' arrives to take him away and drop him in the middle of an unforgiving landscape, where he will either sink or swim. Toby realizes that he has died and landed in a cruel holding pattern between heaven and hell, where he must find his own way, or be forever stuck going in circles. Although the journey is at times brutal and cruel, it is an ultimately rewarding story of a lost soul finding its place in the universe. Brought up in a criminally corrupt town local psychic Glen Parsons is no stranger to crime but when his beautiful wife and unborn child are brutally murdered and he is left seriously wounded; something snaps.  Detective Lance Steel is a corrupt cop whom uses the badge to exploit the innocent and corrupt. He soon crosses paths with Glen and finds himself battling the xenophobic young man's furore. As more and more bodies show up bearing Glen's mark a relentless criminal investigation is unleashed, entangling Steel and everyone around him.  The gift of foresight was once a tool Glen used to help the desperate but now with a haywire brain the line between good and evil, sanity and insanity blur in a crescendo of blood-splattered violence. Tells the story of the most prominent bank robber in the history of Mexico, his crimes, his different personalities, his career as a charro with a mariachi band, his getaways and the strange relationship he had with the one who finally came to stop him. Based on the true story of Alfredo Rios Galeana. Several dead bodies have been found in Gothenburg striking fear into the city's population. We follow Goran Lidman who will head the task of tracing the offender. Clues lead to suspicions of an occult group. The former reverend Gabriella, who has her own reasons for wanting to stop the killings, offers Lidman her help. As Lidman embarks on an involuntary collaboration he must reluctantly accept a world beyond his own understanding in order to stop the perpetrator of the killings.  --Simon Kolle, Rasmus Tirzitis Fifteen year old Megan Shephard and her parents will do anything to save their struggling farm. When they discover a wild stallion in a nearby forest they begin to wonder if this could be the answer to their prayers. Nani is a flower decorator, madly in love with his neighbor Bindhu. He gets killed by the baddie, Sudeep, a powerful businessman. Nani comes back as a housefly to get his revenge. A biopic depicting the life of filmmaker and aviation pioneer Howard Hughes from 1927 to 1947, during which time he became a successful film producer and an aviation magnate, while simultaneously growing more unstable due to severe obsessive-compulsive disorder. Fat Cat is a gangster comedy set in Italy and in London. It 's the story of two goofy criminals from Italy that get in trouble with their boss, a schizophrenic and flamboyant crime lord named Mosca, and will struggle to come out of this situation alive. Malik Ayaz, a general in the army of Sultan Mahmud of Ghazni: Ayaz (1960)was a landmark movie in 2 ways-its story was based on Muslim historical background, story of Mahmood Ghazanvi(971-1030A.D.)and his companion Ayaz (subject of this movie).Also this movie's film songs were super-hit due to the superb music of Khurshid Anwar. The best-selling videogame, Hitman, roars to life with both barrels blazing in this hardcore action-thriller starring Timothy Olyphant. A genetically engineered assassin with deadly aim, known only as "Agent 47" eliminates strategic targets for a top-secret organization. But when he's double-crossed, the hunter becomes the prey as 47 finds himself in a life-or-death game of international intrigue.  A group of mysterious villains known as 'The Alliance' sets a trap for the Taxpayer. They imprison him, torture him, and make plans to publicly crucify him. Local janitor Richard Randolph rounds up retired Superheroes, and hatches a plan to rescue the Taxpayer. The villains stage a public rally, where many citizens come to watch the Taxpayer's crucifixion. The heroes invade the bad guy lair, and a large battle ensues. Various comedic and action-packed musical numbers are intertwined throughout the madness. In the midst of the big political debate and battle for mankind will the heroes save the day? Ty Hargrove wants to be a champion dirt track racer, but that takes money and support, two things he's short on. Campus rivals bond over hockey. 1892, Saint Petersburg. Sasha, a young Russian aristocrat, has always been fascinated by her grandfather's life as an adventurer. A renowned explorer, he designed a magnificent arctic ship, but he hasn't returned from his last expedition to the North Pole. To save her family's honor, Sasha runs away. Headed towards the Great North, she follows her grandfather's trail in search of his famous ship. For the past two years, high-school security guard Ben has been trying to show decorated APD detective James that he's more than just a video-game junkie who's unworthy of James' sister, Angela. When Ben finally gets accepted into the academy, he thinks he's earned the seasoned policeman's respect and asks for his blessing to marry Angela. Knowing that a ride along will demonstrate if Ben has what it takes to take care of his sister, James invites him on a shift designed to scare the hell out of the trainee. But when the wild night leads them to the most notorious criminal in the city, James will find that his new partner's rapid-fire mouth is just as dangerous as the bullets speeding at it. The events of Battle of Gods take place some years after the battle with Majin Buu, which determined the fate of the entire universe. After awakening from a long slumber, Beerus, the God of Destruction is visited by Whis, his attendant and learns that the galactic overlord Frieza has been defeated by a Super Saiyan from the North Quadrant of the universe named Goku, who is also a former student of the North Kai. Ecstatic over the new challenge, Goku ignores King Kai's advice and battles Beerus, but he is easily overwhelmed and defeated. Beerus leaves, but his eerie remark of "Is there nobody on Earth more worthy to destroy?" lingers on. Now it is up to the heroes to stop the God of Destruction before all is lost. Kill Kapone follows a gang member through the gritty alleys of East L.A. while getting chased all day by his own vicious gang. Confirmation of extraterrestrial life appears on television screens across the world as a massive spacecraft breaks through the atmosphere on a crash course into the Atlantic Ocean. A young paramedic, Greg Baker, signs up to fight for his planet against the invaders. Baker joins Special Forces members as the squad medic as they escort a classified package by chopper over enemy territory. When their chopper is shot down they find themselves surrounded and outnumbered. Desperate to return to his wife's side and haunted by nightmares, Baker find that his role in the war has quickly become much larger than he could have ever imagined. The mysterious package may be the key to turning the tide of the war, and possibly to saving all of humanity, but Baker must decide whether to protect it or sacrifice it to ensure his own survival. After fighting his way through an apartment building populated by an army of dangerous criminals and escaping with his life, SWAT team member Rama goes undercover, joining a powerful Indonesian crime syndicate to protect his family and uncover corrupt members of his own force. The story of Jawan of Vellimala revolves around a high-range village called Vellimala , a dam in this village and the people living there. The villagers of Vellimala consider the dam as a sign of their pride. Gopi Krishan, the central character, who took voluntary retirement from military service, reaches Vellimala as a labourer. Varghese is a government employee at the Dam site and Koshi Oommen, another character reaches there for some personal need. These three play the main three male characters in the film. Mamta Mohandas plays the role of a project officer at the Dam site and she also works for the development of the society. The story reveals the incidents happening when these characters and the villagers meet together. Once, Rui has aimed at a singer. However, now, she was frustrated and was doing the hostess's work in the country. When Rui goes home together with a friend's Tsunko, She met Momoko, the rival at the time of her having aimed as a singer. Momoko became an idol singer and was successful. On the grounds that Momoko has ridiculed Rui, Rui killed two friends, her and her. In order that Rui may escape a crime, She formed the idol group together with Tsunko pretending to be Momoko and others. Lalu is a reckless youth who is willing to do anything for money, even if it means getting involved in the drugs business. When an outcast returns to town, he gets an opportunity to settle an old score with the crew that betrayed him. He soon realizes much more is going on. He must choose between revenge or money - or can he have both? Continuing his "legendary adventures of awesomeness", Po must face two hugely epic, but different threats: one supernatural and the other a little closer to his home. New mom battles the evil lurking within as her adulterous husband hides a dark secret that may lead to the human extinction. A mall security guard--and former federal agent--crosses paths with a drug kingpin's enforcer after the guard saves a woman from danger. Five college students wake up in an abandoned, locked-down insane asylum - with no idea how they got there and no means of escape. They discover that they are the subjects of secret experiments, but these tests have awakened something that cannot be explained by science. The group must now fight to escape both the human and supernatural threats if they are to survive and break out of their prison. Nobita and Doraemon use time tree Mochi and catches a big bird Moa, which has been extinct for 500 years ago. To protect extinct the animal, Nobita and Doramon go to Beremon Island which is protected by a golden beetle named Herakles. They meet a girl from the Rokkoro tribe and a boy who looks exactly like Nobita on Beremon Island ... John Henry returns to his hometown in hopes of repairing his relationship with his estranged father, but a local gang is terrorizing the town. John Henry is the only one who can stop them, however he has abandoned both his gun and reputation as a fearless quick-draw killer. A blind man with his 'Echolocation' power takes on a revenge mission. In 1873, Emperor Meiji abolished the rights of the samurai in favor of a modern, westernized military. With intentions to launch a bloody crusade against the government, warrior Endo Tadaoki (Henry Lee) gathers his remaining men to prepare for one last honorable battle against the emperor and regain the supremacy of the samurai. As fellow warrior Kido Masahide (Vint Carmona) refuses to join the war, he and his wife are brutally murdered at the hands of Endo's blade before being robbed of their family swords. When Kido's only son (Michael Nose) is also pressured to join Endo's forces, he instead chooses a fatal confrontation with his parents' assailant. Suffering from a rare medical condition that renders his skin allergic to water, Ken embarks on his quest to find a sword and avenge his family's death. Move On is a road movie like no other, because it is inspired by film fans from all over Europe! This breath-taking movie directed by Asger Leth features Mads Mikkelsen on a secret mission in 8 episodes, each taking place in a different European country. The unique feature of his film is the actors - they are not professional but celebrities on micro-blogs. Among micro-bloggers in the cast are publisher Zhang Lixian, folk singer Zhou Yunpeng and screenwriter Shi Hang. The film is based on the true story of a Beijing plainclothes policeman named Zhang Huiling, who has been working for more than 10 years in Shuangyushu, a community of Haidian District, Beijing. It depicts the stories of ordinary Chinese people struggling in the metropolis. A young American Veteran gets involved with a gang of Venice Beach psychos who are killing people to extract a psychedelic compound from their victim's adrenal glands. Bravo city is in trouble. Mind Brain and his evil shadow walkers plan to take it over, and eventually control the whole world. Driven by greed, Mind Brain uses villains with immense powers to achieve his goals.Bravo city's only hope is a kid named skater, an aspiring hockey player and the first member of the Universal Ninjas' Team ROLLER GIRLS an insightful complex look at this reemerging complex sport that has already swept across every state in the USA and found around the world . Set inside the secular underground world of today's Women's Roller Derby filmmaker Bob Bryan probes the gritty reality behind over three (3) dozen Derby women of varying ages and sizes, who have chosen to adopt super-hero and in some cases anti-hero persona's and attitudes to play this exciting, hard hitting and incredibly difficult and fast paced action sport. Louis Fay returns from Hong Kong to honor his Father's wish of looking after the Family Business, which is the target of a Criminal Kingpin. A young reporter is covering the mysterious case of a child found dead with missing internal organs. "Kawdu and Bhulabai are a tribal couple living in a tiger reserve somewhere in Maharashtra. Their idyllic life gets a rude shock after Kawdu (Upendra Limaye), who had gone into the forest to fetch a medicinal root for his ailing baby, is arrested on charges of having killed a tiger. Desperate to save the life of her baby, Bhulabai (Vibhawari Deshpande) rushes to a Christian missionary, and showered with care and concern, embraces Christianity under the belief that this new god has different powers from her "own" gods, and will solve her problems.  However, freeing her husband from jail is another affair, and for this she is advised to seek the help of Naxalites living in the nearby forest, through whom she acquires a new deity--Karl Marx. Even as these new gods find their place on her altar beside Waghdeo and Naagdeo, the traditional nature deities of her community, the community itself shuts the family out for having dropped its own gods." - Aparna Pallavi  Taking a cue from last fall's enormously successful DECADE OF DOMINANCE: Tennessee Football 90s, the Vol Network has produced an exciting special edition DVD version of this blockbuster hit. It's the first DVD in Vol Network history!  -Over 45 minutes of bonus footage including interviews as well as exclusive locker room speeches and celebrations.  -Bonus audio track featuring UT legends Gus Manning and Haywood Harris.  -Interactive menus  -All-American Gallery  -1990s Results  -First DVD in Vol Network History! 94 years after The Battle of Yavin, the New Republic has been resurrected and democracy once again rules the galaxy. The Jedi Order is reestablished on the planet Yavin 4, and has continued to train new Jedi Knights in the art of peace and justice. But all is not peaceful in this new world. With the fall of the Dark Empire, the ancient Skenvi Empire now comes out of the shadow to make its move. The Skenvi now oppose the New Republic for control over the galaxy with their aggressively growing empire. The Skenvi seek to seize control of all the galaxy's most valuable resources to cripple their enemies. And if a planet refuses to join them, they have been known to take very aggressive actions. Caught in between this struggle over the fate of the galaxy is the little planet of Coreign. The planet possesses a very powerful resource that would greatly favor the side that has access to it if a galactic war was to emerge. Four friends become stranded in Eastern Europe and have to become hit men, prostitutes, corrupt cops, smugglers and more to make it home. Mike is thrust into a world of murder and assassination after running into his best friend Ed, presumed killed in action 10 years ago. In order to keep themselves alive, Mike and Ed must now work together as members of - The Hunters Club. An antiterrorism agent goes under the knife to acquire the likeness of a terrorist and gather details about a bombing plot. When the terrorist escapes custody, he undergoes surgery to look like the agent so he can get close to the agent's family. Five men break into Frank Wagner's apartment. Frank is able to escape and seeks out the help of Johan Falk. Has someone leaked that Frank is working with the police? Frank and John do not know who knows what and who they can trust. This wrestling documentary covers one of the most controversial managers and figures in WCW, ECW and WWE history! For the first time ever, fans get the full story of the life and career of Paul Heyman. From his beginnings as a ringside photographer at Madison Square Gardens, to becoming a manager at WCW, then heading up the infamous ECW, Paul has his own unique brand of over-the-top, in your face entertainment that has developed him a cult-like following across the globe.  Since joining WWE, Paul has gone on to great heights, including managing Brock Lesnar when he finally broke The Undertaker's WrestleMania Streak in 2014. Two brothers drive to Shallow Creek, Louisiana to spread their grandfather's ashes over the Shallow Creek campsite pond. What they didn't bargain for was a cannibalistic cult, terrorizing the population of Shallow Creek, that is now out for their blood. Kombodhi (Pasupathy) is the leader of a tribe of thieves living in Vembur. After a particular expedition, they come to know of a solitary thief, who claims to be from their village. Kombodhi hunts him out and finds that his name is Varipuli (Aadhi) and that he is very skilled. Kombodhi invites him to join his gang and live in Vembur. But after Varipuli arrives, his past catches up with him. Rui (Tatsuya Fujiwara) is the charismatic leader of a new religious group. Consequently, he starts to gain attention from the mass media. After becoming involved in a car accident, Rui goes to a remote island with ex-gangster now bodyguard (Ryuhei Matsuda). On the island, Rui reveals more about his religious group, while a set of ominous events are about to occur ... Key of Brown a thriller, action, drama, tells the story of one harrowing night in the life of "Bernadette Lawson" a retiring call girl, recently released from prison and serving out the remainder of her sentence on monitored house arrest. In need of cash, she can't resist doing a, quick, one hour, five hundred dollar favor for her ex-madam but the night turns deadly when the client turns out to be a notorious serial killer of prostitutes, wanted by the F.B.I. and transporting a kilo of high quality brown heroin. The final night's work approaches for the staff of an insane asylum. A minimal crew of security and researchers remain to ensure the patients behave as expected before their transfers to a maximum security prison. Struggling with memories of abandonment, Dr. Helen Kingford finds herself on the brink of quitting her job as a psychologist. Following his forced retirement, the hospital's head of security decides on a destabilizing course of action leading to chaos and destruction within the asylum. In the confusion, all of the dangerous patients escape their padded cells. Confused, Dr. Kingford awakens finding herself tied up in the hospital morgue. Not knowing who to trust, she finds herself running from everyone in an attempt to survive. The tables are turned as four teenagers are sucked into Jumanji's world - pitted against rhinos, black mambas and an endless variety of jungle traps and puzzles. To survive, they'll play as characters from the game. A hidden Ninja village exists deep in the mountain. OKOU who was raised as a lady Ninja is ordered a secret mission by the patriarch.. In the 1940s war-torn Denmark, the young girl Marie turns 10 ye$ars old. It is celebrated in the parents' bakery shop where she and her cousin Sebastian on 13 years daily work. But the normally sheltered life comes to an end as a group of soldiers storms the shop and take both Marie's father and mother with them. Together with Sebastian, Marie goes out to find her parents. Although the reality gives little chances Marie is hopeful, while Sebastian fears the day he will have to tell her the truth In his search for the Lightbringer, Dracula crosses paths with a beautiful crusader named Alina who bears a remarkable resemblance to his murdered bride. One look at her and Dracula is immediately smitten. Could Alina be the reincarnation of his long-dead love? Dracula has Alina kidnapped and brought to his castle where the Beast must now try to win his Beauty's heart. Mid-air difficulties force a Nigerian commercial plane into an emergency landing with devastating consequences. A betting teenager, Raj gets involved in a larger bet than he had imagined to earn 2 million rupees for his father's treatment. Will he be able to save his father? Broke, busted, and living in a tent outside their parents backyard. Vince and Freddy hit on the idea of a lifetime, Sharkproof wetsuits, and are determined to strike it rich. They go to a local loan shark, Max who owns a club in downtown LA to fund the venture. At the club they both fall in love with the same girl, Isabella the receiving half of knife throwing duo who are preforming at the club. Yuri is her drunk, knife-throwing partner. When Isabella chooses the boys over Max he sends his goons to reclaim her. Suddenly the boys must become the men they pretend to be, but now it's sink or swim. Almost Sharkproof, a bromantic comedy. An out of work husband takes his wife's advice on exaggerating his work experience. When he does, he accidentally lands a job as a superhero. Now with no powers to speak of, he must become a hero as his city is threatened by a great evil. A mysterious man arrives in a small town where a series of grisly, ritualistic murders have happened. After saving young woman's life, he informs her that she's being hunted by supernatural creatures and that he's come to protect her. A band of Vikings cross enemy lines and a panicked race begins. The losers will pay with their lives. Welcome to Shanghai. No, not the Chinese megalopolis full of neon and nouveaux riches, but precisely the opposite: an eponymous slum in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan. In the distance, skyscrapers built with oil money tower above the city, but here dilapidated houses are packed along a single railway line. The slum is scheduled for demolition, and now and again a child is killed by one of the freight trains slowly chugging by.  When the German director Veit Helmer arrives in Shanghai to make a feature film, feelings quickly run high. The locals are afraid that he wants to make them look ridiculous. The young Azerbaijani filmmaker Leyli Gafarova succeeds however in gaining the inhabitants' trust and films a choppy, playful portrait of Shanghai in the margins of the feature film production. In the guise of a making-of, she shows intimate fragments of life in the slum, while it's still standing. In a land far away, there is a legend that an Iron Clad Savior shall bestow upon the land and save its people from grief, abuse and evil. An armored suit-wearing woman with amnesia, only known as "Iron Girl", fights against a group of outlaws called "Crazy Dogs" to save a small village in the wasteland. Is she the legendary "Iron Savior" written in the old document of the village? Sixteen years ago, a mysterious masked ninja unleashes a powerful creature known as the Nine-Tailed Demon Fox on the Hidden Leaf Village Konoha, killing many people. In response, the Fourth Hokage Minato Namikaze and his wife Kushina Uzumaki, the Demon Fox's living prison or Jinchuriki, manage to seal the creature inside their newborn son Naruto Uzumaki. With the Tailed Beast sealed, things continued as normal. However, in the present day, peace ended when a group of ninja called the Akatsuki attack Konoha under the guidance of Tobi, the mysterious masked man behind Fox's rampage years ago who intends on executing his plan to rule the world by shrouding it in illusions. A group of complete strangers find themselves isolated by a wealthy madman on his island compound. They are forced into a horrifying gauntlet where they must survive a barrage of ever deadlier species of shark. On the request of his friend Kabir, SP Adil Sends him to the Naxal group as an informer. When Kabir finds the truth he becomes one of their gang leader. In a small town, a serial killer mutilates the bodies of his victims and leaves a flower on the corpses. The sheriff and his wife/deputy investigate the murders while trying to keep from alarming the citizens. They team up with an autistic hound dog trainer to try to track the killer. In Taiwan, there are over 36000 foreign workers on the run, hiding in the darkness and making money illegally. The government offers reward for runaways all over the island. Illegal employers, agents and foreign worker are put on alert. A new profession has therefore arisen: bounty hunters who capture illegal foreign workers... A broken down collegiate football hero gets a shot at stardom during the eleventh hour of LA's nihilistic sub-prime mortgage boom. A woman seeks revenge after being brutally attacked by dishonest land developers. A goat named Mei wanders into a barn one night seeking shelter from a storm. In the barn, the goat meets another refugee. The two can neither see nor smell each other, but never the less they huddled together fending off the cold, and begin to talk. Eventually they establish a friendship. The two decide to meet later and will recognized each other by using the password "one stormy night." The next day, when they meet, Mei learns that his companion from the night before was a wolf named Gabu. Despite their natural predisposition as enemies, they share a common bond and begin meeting regularly. However, Mei's flock and Gabu's pack eventually find out about their relationship and forbid the friendship. Mei and Gabu, hoping to preserve their friendship, cross a river during a storm. They hope to find an "emerald forest" free from persecution. After making their way through high school (twice), big changes are in store for officers Schmidt and Jenko when they go deep undercover at a local college. But when Jenko meets a kindred spirit on the football team, and Schmidt infiltrates the bohemian art major scene, they begin to question their partnership. Now they don't have to just crack the case - they have to figure out if they can have a mature relationship. If these two overgrown adolescents can grow from freshmen into real men, college might be the best thing that ever happened to them. Ramachandra (NTR) - an orphan wants to helps out people and make enough bank balance so that he can settle in life by marrying a girl of his choice. He falls in love with Ashwini (Trisha) at the first sight. He comes to know that a royal family from a distant village are looking to adopt a youngster. Ramachandra approaches them and gets adopted. He goes to a village where there are faction fights between the royals of the two village. It is the turn of Ramachandra to kill the enemies so that his village gets justice and peace. The rest of the story is all about how differently Ramachandra achieves it. Terror arrives at the one place we all feel safest in this taut psychological thriller starring Natasha Henstridge, Jason Patric and Scott Adkins. When a wealthy woman and her stepson are targeted by a trio of expert thieves in their remote mansion, her only form of help comes from a call with a security systems specialist. But as the intruders become increasingly hostile and the connection wavers, will she trust him to be her eyes and navigate her to safety? On a desperate quest to find her missing brother, Marianna reluctantly picks up a mysterious stranger with no memory, John. Together they must get to a rendezvous point on the west coast where a shadowy figure awaits them. Unbeknownst to them a black-ops splinter cell team is tracking John. They send in special agent Thomas Dockins, a highly trained and brainwashed military assassin, to kill John and the woman he is traveling with. As they struggle for their lives, John and Marianna discover that they are caught in the middle of a sinister extra-terrestrial plot. Chapman is an ex-marine in Brazil's slums, battling the yakuza outfit who attacked his sister and left her for dead. In America, we define ourselves in the superlative: we are the biggest, strongest, fastest country in the world. Is it any wonder that so many of our heroes are on performance enhancing drugs? Director Christopher Bell explores America's win-at-all-cost culture by examining how his two brothers became members of the steroid-subculture in an effort to realize their American dream. Chinese steampunk martial arts blockbuster about the early years of Tai chi master Yang Luchan, the man who founded in the 19th century what has now become the most popular Tai Chi style in the world. The second instalment of the "Tai Chi" trilogy continues the journey of Yang Luchan, a gifted child with a fleshy growth on his forehead who helped save a village from a frightening army of steampunk soldiers bearing strange machines with the knowledge of Tai Chi that they entrusted him with. Edmond Dantes's life and plans to marry the beautiful Mercedes are shattered when his best friend, Fernand, deceives him. After spending 13 miserable years in prison, Dantes escapes with the help of a fellow inmate and plots his revenge, cleverly insinuating himself into the French nobility. One day filmmaker Andres Pardo stumbles across 2,000 feet of Super 8 family footage at a flea market. Featured in all these 1970's home movies is a lovely young blond-haired girl, Larisa. Teaming up with a photographer friend, Pardon decides to investigate, uncovering the fascinating story behind the footage. After moving into a boardinghouse, a young woman becomes the object of her lonely neighbor's obsessions. What happens when a group of Anime fans are forced to fight for their lives against an army of undead vampires? The first-ever registered encounter by the Mumbai Police, which took place on November 1, 1982. It's based on a true story. Puppet Master X follows the characters of Danny as he attempts to rescue his girlfriend Beth with the help of Toulon's puppets. However their help is short lived as they end up getting stolen by Ozu (Terumi Shimazu). Danny and Beth must try to rescue the puppets while trying to defend themselves against a new batch of puppets. Meanwhile the occultist Commandant Moebius is attempting to use the serum that animates the puppets to create a master race and take over the world In worn-torn Afghanistan, young marine Tyler's life is changed when he is saved by a fellow soldier, Quincy, who dies in doing so. Guerrero, an illegal immigrant from Mexico, crosses the border into the United States in search of his family. After arriving in San Diego, California he meets organized crime boss Gino Santoro, who offers him lodging, a job, and help in finding his family. There is only one condition... he must fight in an underground Cage Fight tournament and only the strong will survive! A group of young martial artists infiltrate an underground pit fighting ring where the loser is chopped up and served in a Chinese restaurant. When the White House (Secret Service Code: "Olympus") is captured by a terrorist mastermind and the President is kidnapped, disgraced former Presidential guard Mike Banning finds himself trapped within the building. As the national security team scrambles to respond, they are forced to rely on Banning's inside knowledge to help retake the White House, save the President and avert an even bigger disaster. In 2035, where robots are common-place and abide by the three laws of robotics, a techno-phobic cop investigates an apparent suicide. Suspecting that a robot may be responsible for the death, his investigation leads him to believe that humanity may be in danger. While returning from a military expedition a helicopter crash lands a commando unit in a dense, remote tropical jungle - a lost world populated by dinosaurs. Now they must find a way out of this isolated valley before becoming prey for prehistoric predators. The film's story is similar to fantasy films like Yamaleela, Yamudiki Mogudu, Yamagola and Yamadonga. Bullet Raja (Ravi Teja) is a small time crook with a good heart. He bumps into Swetha (Taapsee Pannu) at a function and falls in love with her. But Swetha is already engaged to Harbour Babu (Sushant Singh), a powerful local goon. Harbour Babu hatches a plan to finish off Bullet Raja and he succeeds in his efforts.  Bullet Raja heads to Yamalokam where he realises that his life has unjustly been terminated by Chitragupta (M. S. Narayana) and so he picks up a fight with Yamadharma Raja (Prabhu). A helpless Yamadharma Raja decides to send him back to earth into the body of Home Minister Ravindra (Ravi Teja), who is killed by his associates Balram (Sayaji Shinde), Shantaram (Avinash) and Pavitrananda (Raghu Babu). After Bullet Raja enters into Ravinder's body, he confronts his enemies and fulfills the wishes of his mother Parvathamma (Jayasudha) and his followers. Him and her. A husband and a wife staying in a cozy hotel where you can come for just a couple of days with a risk to get stuck forever. It is so easy to get trapped in the daily routine. Indeed, nothing is more permanent than the temporary. Their time is like a flat circle. He has his phone calls and business meetings. She is wrapped in her dreams and doubts. All reactions are predictable, all conversations are learnt by heart. An endless LP record of life keeps playing again and again repeating itself. But a few things can break this tune, like a scratch on the record, a crack on a wine glass, a sudden glance or a meeting with a stranger. And then you know: tomorrow will come soon. Any moment something can go wrong, throw you off course, and force you to make a choice. Aidan Bloom, a struggling actor, father and husband, is 35 years old and still trying to find a purpose for his life. He and his wife are barely getting by financially and Aidan passes his time by fantasizing about being the great futuristic Space-Knight he'd always dreamed he'd be as a little kid. When his ailing father can no longer afford to pay for private school for his two kids and the only available public school is on its last legs, Aidan reluctantly agrees to attempt to home-school them. Through teaching them about life his way, Aidan gradually discovers some of the parts of himself he couldn't find. The survival and wrath of a woman in a land lost of its humanity. Nookayya (Manoj Manchu), who calls himself Nokia, is an expert cell phone thief. He has a good heart though and together with his friends Nampally (Paruchuri Venkateswara Rao) and Charger (Vennela Kishore), he takes care of orphans and abandoned kids. He is deeply in love with Shilpa (Sana Khan), who is a waitress in a pub. Sana wants Nokia to settle down in life with a nice car, lots of cash and a house in order to marry. A desperate Nokia starts hunting for ways to achieve these things in life. On a separate note, Anu (Kriti Kharbanda) and Kiran (Raja Abel) are a newly married couple. On a trip to Bangalore, Kiran is kidnapped by a gang headed by Shajahan Bismil (Murali Sharma) and they demand a ransom of 2 Crores. In a curious twist of fate, the paths of both Nokia and Anu cross. They team up to save themselves and Kiran. How they are betrayed by the people they trust forms the rest of the story. 16-year-old Cassie Sullivan tries to survive in a world devastated by the waves of an alien invasion that has already decimated the population and knocked mankind back to the Stone Age. In Taeter City everything is managed by the iron fist of dictatorship members: THE AUTORITY. They use a special radio wave system called Zeed that lets them distinguish criminals from typical law abiding citizens. These special radio waves alter the demented brain of criminals, forcing them to commit suicide in horrible ways. A special police corps called The Biker's retrieves their corpses and delivers them to massive slaughterhouses. These supply the mega fast food chains with the human flesh products they need to feed the masses, non-stop. A rag-tag group of undocumented youth - Dreamers - deliberately get detained by Border Patrol in order to infiltrate a shadowy, for-profit detention center. While fighting for the political supremacy of their respective families, a Hindu man and a Muslim woman share a forbidden romance. After his best friend dies in an unexpected accident, black market dealer Young-gyu decides to wash his hands off his illegal activities and start a new life with his girlfriend Yu-ri. But his dream stalls when he learns that Yu-ri needs money for her father's surgery. To help her out, Young-gyu decides to do the job one last time. His smuggling ring operates out of a boat that runs between Korea and China, picking victims from its voyager pool and harvesting their organs. Meanwhile, a married couple, Sang-ho and Chae-hee, boards Young-gyu's passenger boat heading to Weihai, China. That very evening, just when the boat enters international sea waters where countries' laws cannot be enforced, Chae-hee goes missing and all her pictures and belongings vanishes without a trace. Young-gyu finds Yu-ri on the same ship, and she claims to be the only witness to Chae-hee's disappearance. Two beefed-up twins (played by the Paul brothers, Peter and David, who have appeared in several programmers as The Barbarian Brothers) operating on opposing sides of the law, team up to stop a nefarious crook in this actioner. Peter Jade is a notoriously arrogant burglar who ends up with the key to an enormous underground cache of diamonds. David Jade is a cop who joins forces with Peter after greedy Philip Chamberlain, wanting the diamonds for himself, kills David's partner The story, set in the backdrop of Nallore, a small town in Thoothukudi District, revolves around Sub-Inspector Durai Singam (Surya), a brave and just policeman who serves in his hometown primarily to fulfill his father's (Radha Ravi) wish. Durai Singam settles every dispute in his town patiently with his words of wisdom and resorts to force only when the situation demands it. Kavya (Anushka), a city girl who comes on vacation to Nallore, falls in love with Durai Singam. Erimalai (Vivek), Durai Singam's bumbling colleague and friend, often accompanies him. Singham Returns is an Indian action film directed by Rohit Shetty and produced by Reliance Entertainment. The sequel to the 2011 film Singham, actor Ajay Devgn reprises his role from the previous film, as well as co-producing the project, while Kareena Kapoor Khan plays the female lead. Two "down on their luck" buddies are convinced by a third to take a vacation. Only after landing in the third world country do they realize that they are there to attempt to capture the United States' most wanted criminal - with no military training. Two best friends, Red and Blue, risk everything to find the greatest treasure of all time. Police inspector Romano is investigating the kidnapping of a journalist entangling himself into a web of secrets of a business tycoon and the police captain. Phil Broker is a former DEA agent who has gone through a crisis after his action against a biker gang went horribly wrong and it cost the life of his boss' son. He is recently widowed and is left with a 9-years-old daughter,Maddy. He decides to quit the turbulent and demanding life of thrill for Maddy's sake and retires to a small town. His daughter fights off a boy who was bullying her at school and this sets in motion a round of events that end in his direct confrontation with the local Meth drug lord. His past history with the biker gang also enters the arena, making matters more complex. But he has a mission in his mind to protect his daughter and he is ready to pay any cost that it demands. The life of Fumio Demura, the greatest karate master of a generation.  A pair of criminals try to track down the kids who witnessed them commit a murder in the woods. A tense nonstop roller-coaster ride through the distorted mind of Sly Stone, a sadistic and brutal killer who distorts the scriptures to suit his own self serving madness. He's teamed up with a run-away drifter Annie Parker who bows to his every command... both for love and for fear of her own life. " I have the Bullets For Jesus " is Slys motto, and NO ONE is safe from his twisted pulpit. After a violent encounter, Roy finds Rocky and sees something in her eyes that prompts a fateful decision. He takes her with him as he flees to Galveston, an action as ill-advised as it is inescapable. After ordering enough typewriting paper for 40 years, just to get discount, Heinrich Lohse is forced to retire. He's a low level criminal with no future and just out of prison. She's a low level lawyer never noticed by others, a lost soul without a life. Their anger and hostility makes them serious criminals. Love happens in the strangest of places. Charlie Cooper is a special agent of the future - the mind of a man running entirely on a computer, able to transfer his consciousness to bio-mechanical bodies at will. But when a computer virus corrupts his system, he must face one of his greatest challenges yet: mortality. Already deep into a second Cold War, Britain's Ministry of Defense seeks a game-changing weapon. Programmer Vincent McCarthy unwittingly provides an answer in The Machine, a super-strong human cyborg. When a programming bug causes the prototype to decimate his lab, McCarthy takes his obsessive efforts underground, far away from inquisitive eyes. Nick Malloy portrays an Emergency Medical Technician (EMT) who finds himself caught in a deadly 12-round game of cat and mouse with a vigilante tied to the paramedic's past. With little time to spare and his wife's life hanging in the balance, the EMT must figure out why he's been chosen to be the pawn in this maniac's game before it's too late. Great Patriotic War, 1945. After barely surviving a battle with a mysterious, ghostly-white German Tiger tank, Red Army Sergeant Ivan Naydenov becomes obsessed with its destruction. A minister dispenses justice on three convicts who take his family hostage. A shadowy all-female crime organization - M.A.R.R.A - has operatives working undercover in high-risk situations - jobs that can last days or decades. When a junior operative disobeys orders and escapes punishment, the blowback sets off a cascading power struggle for control of M.A.R.R.A. A meteor crashes into a quiet lake in the remote countryside and awakens a centuries-old beast, who tears through a nearby town and its inhabitants, who must fight for their lives and stop this Queen Crab before she can hatch an army of babies. Cast into a violent and bloody world of murder, Hereward, a novice monk, must deliver the Holy Gospel of Lindisfarne - a book of great beauty and power - to the safety of the Iona monastery, while being pursued by a Viking death squad hell- bent on its capture. On his way to the monastery, he meets a fierce and skilled swordsman who answers his prayers and dedicates his life to protecting Hereward while he delivers the book. In the midst of their journey, they are confronted by Vikings ready to kill in order to get what they want, leaving Hereward and his protector at their mercy. Fifteen years have passed since the Martians' first failed invasion of Earth. The year is 1914, and at the eve of World War I, Mars launches a sudden and more devastating second attack. A small defense force, A.R.E.S., is Earth's only hope. The giant A.R.E.S. battle tripod GOLIATH is called up to war, and its young multinational crew must face their fears in their struggle to save Humanity from the alien invaders. A chase through the city of Melbourne, with only 10 meters separating them from life and death Hailed as India's first stereoscopic animated film, 'Krishna Aur Kans' is an exciting narrative full of action and drama. The movie chronicles Krishna's early years -- from his birth as the nemesis of his tyrannical uncle Kans. Russian and British submarines with nuclear missiles on board both vanish from sight without a trace. England and Russia both blame each other as James Bond tries to solve the riddle of the disappearing ships. But the KGB also has an agent on the case. A man whose "agimat" enables him to be invincible becomes at odds with another member of his gang who wants to rise to the seat of the group leader. Stories of lesbian, gay and transgender youth intercut with music video style short films starring the young people. The year is 1939 - it was then that the Neuroi appeared. Nobody knows where they came from or what their ultimate agenda is, but the fact remains that their attacks drove people out of their towns and cities. In order to take arms against them, humanity develops a new anti-Neuroi weapon called the "Striker Unit." Using the power of magic to fight against the monsters, this new device enhances and amplifies the power of female magic-wielders. To use this device, young witches from all over the world have been brought together to form an elite task force unit called the 501st Joint Fighter Wing, commonly known as the "Strike Witches." A minister dispenses justice on three convicts who take his family hostage. In the wilderness of British Columbia, two hunters are tracked and viciously murdered by Aaron Hallum. A former Special Operations instructor is approached and asked to apprehend Hallum--his former student--who has 'gone rogue' after suffering severe battle stress from his time in Kosovo. Flea was a basketball player, happy with his subtle hustle, until a Dominican connect introduced him to a new way to spread the work and make money. Robert Saunters, a mechanic is knocked unconscious at his birthday dinner and wakes up to find himself locked up inside the restaurant's freezer.  Knowing nothing of why he's there, he realizes he has been mistaken as someone else. (Long Synopsis) "Crime boss Big D rules the streets of Boston with an iron fist and a legion of henchmen. When it comes to business, anyone who crosses him is as good as dead.  But drugs and prostitution are a lucrative business and everyone wants a cut. When a club owner and a dirty cop start moving in on his territory, Big D's crew is sent to control the streets.  In the fight for money and power broken trust, greed and deception will bring them down ... but who will lift them up?" A scientist working on an energy project discovers his family have undergone strange changes in their personalities, while a series of natural disasters are happening across the globe. He realises that his work has accidentally pushed the planet forward in time seven seconds - and the loss of those few moments has had devastating effects on the world and the human race. Tommy and Gary are criminals engaging in grand thefts in order to make ends meet. They are opportunists and have no fear. After a routine robbery goes awry, the friends are forced to put their criminal activity behind them. As Tommy's relationship flourishes with his new girlfriend Scarlet, his economic hardships become obvious. Scarlet soon proposes a notion that will make all their money troubles vanish - the heist of a half a million dollar painting. With just a short window of opportunity, Tommy and Gary design an ambitious plan, one that will ultimately determine their fate. As the devoutly single Don Johnston is dumped by his latest girlfriend, he receives an anonymous pink letter informing him that he has a son who may be looking for him. Ganga, a camerawoman, helps Rambabu, a fiery mechanic, become a journalist. When Rana, an evil politician, kills a journalist, Rambabu decides to destroy his political career. Jane, a young soldier, is exposed to a biochemical weapon that endows her with self-healing powers. She uses her abilities to fight crime while eluding the military. Legendary secrets are revealed as Aladdin and his friends--Jasmine, Abu, Carpet and, of course, the always entertaining Genie--face all sorts of terrifying threats and make some exciting last-minute escapes pursuing the King Of Thieves and his villainous crew. An ancient legend tells of Lamia a beautiful queen and adulteress.... Her lover was put to death and she was transformed into a snake, roaming the earth on her belly, she murders and enslaves the innocent until the gods turn her to into a stone statue... She now waits for her time to return... Live Without a Net is a live concert video of Van Halen recorded in New Haven, Connecticut in 1986, and released the following year. It was of their performance on August 27, 1986 at New Haven's Veterans Memorial Coliseum. The 90-minute release removed a few songs from the full performance. While the band attempted to record the previous night, audio problems prevented it from being used, although some video footage from that night would later surface in music videos. The concerts were part of the 5150 Tour, supporting the album of the same name, Van Halen's first with lead singer Sammy Hagar. A battle-weary ex-Special Forces Operative buys a ranch in remote American West to flee from the world, and encounters a strange series of trespassers, including a beautiful elf princess and a Native American mystic and Orcs. When the Orcs invade his property, John must give up his isolation to become a hero, before the Orcs unleash their dragon god on our world. Barney, Christmas and the rest of the team comes face-to-face with Conrad Stonebanks, who years ago co-founded The Expendables with Barney. Stonebanks subsequently became a ruthless arms trader and someone who Barney was forced to kill... or so he thought. Stonebanks, who eluded death once before, now is making it his mission to end The Expendables -- but Barney has other plans. Barney decides that he has to fight old blood with new blood, and brings in a new era of Expendables team members, recruiting individuals who are younger, faster and more tech-savvy. The latest mission becomes a clash of classic old-school style versus high-tech expertise in the Expendables' most personal battle yet. 33 Days chronicles the efforts of theatre director Sharif Abdunnur, graphic designer Sharif Bibi, journalist Fadia Baszzi and Mariam Al-Bassam, director of the news desk at New TV, as they try to provide emergency aid, report current news of the conflict and help Lebanese children process the violence and destruction they see around them on a daily basis. Masri's film is full of compassion and humanity even as it records the horrible devastation of war. The Earth is invaded by alien parasites aka "slugs" that ride on people's backs and control their minds. A trio of American government agents attempt to thwart this. When her boyfriend dumps Emily, a spontaneous woman in her 30s, she persuades her ultra-cautious mom to accompany her on a vacation to Ecuador. When these two very different women are trapped on this wild journey, their bond as mother and daughter is tested and strengthened while they attempt to navigate the jungle and escape. Capitol Policeman John Cale has just been denied his dream job with the Secret Service of protecting President James Sawyer. Not wanting to let down his little girl with the news, he takes her on a tour of the White House, when the complex is overtaken by a heavily armed paramilitary group. Now, with the nation's government falling into chaos and time running out, it's up to Cale to save the president, his daughter, and the country. Sree Hari Hara Sudhan Swami Ayyappan Movie is Fully 3D Animated Devotional Story of Lord Ayyappan. The film tells about the life of Warsaw Commissioner John Blonda. Asya, Boyana, Iren and Vera are assassins working for S.T.A.R. Will they succeed in finding the killer of their boss? When a music-hall dancer is murdered, a moss rose marks the page of a Bible next to her body. Luckily, another chorus girl (Peggy Cummins) saw a gentleman (Victor Mature) leaving the lodgings. She approaches him directly, saying she'll go to the police if he doesn't meet her demands, but he brushes her off contemptuously. When he learns she's dead serious, he tries to buy her off with a thick wad of pound notes. But it's not money she's after; all she wants is two weeks at his country estate, living the life of a `lady.' A boozy Broadway actress comes out of a 12-week cure to face the problems of her best friends as well as her needy daughter. She tries to balance the terrors of returning to work with the demands of all around her with humor and insight, while staying off the booze. Clips:  1. Intro  2. And This Is What The Devil Does  3. Kooler Than Jesus  4. Sex On Wheelz  5. Sexplosion!  6. International Sin Set  7. TKK Promo  8. Blue Buddha  9. Glamour Is A Rocky Road  10. Dope Doll Jungle  11. Hard, Fast & Beautiful  12. Hit & Run Holiday (live)  13. Glamour Is A Rocky Road (live)  14. Portrait Of The Damned (live)  15. Chemical Cop Out (live)  16. Babylon Drifter (live)  17. Golden Strip (live)  18. Doris Love Club (live)  19. Hot Blood Risin' (live)  20. Blue Buddha (live)  21. My Life With The Thrill Kill Kult  22. Credits Roller derby dames go up against supernatural evil. A young girl is transported into a magical world of gingerbread soldiers and an army of mice.  In Disney's magical take on the classic The Nutcracker, Clara wants a one-of-a-kind key that will unlock a box holding a priceless gift. A golden thread presented at her godfather's holiday party leads her to the coveted key--which promptly disappears into a strange and mysterious parallel world. There Clara encounters a soldier, a gang of mice and the regents of three magical Realms. But she must brave the ominous Fourth Realm, home to the tyrant Mother Ginger, to retrieve her key and return harmony to the unstable world. When the Russian submarine K-519 sinks in the Pacific, a quirky crew of marine biologists battle a terrorist plot to recover the ultimate weapon of mass destruction. Diving to the deepest part of the ocean in an untested mini-submersible, a seasick documentary filmmaker and a maniacal sub captain clash as they are forced to choose between saving the ones they love or saving mankind! A noble warrior seeks revenge against the ruler of his kingdom, who killed his father. At the same time, he also ends up upsetting the neighbouring enemy kingdom's ruler. An ex-pastor, whose church was destroyed during Hurricane Katrina, loses his faith and becomes a homeless wanderer. After surviving a near death experience, he mysteriously awakens in a church that is in desperate need of a pastor. Six children genetically cross-bred with avian DNA, complete with wings, take flight around the country to discover their origins. As part of a conspiracy orchestrated by the British intelligence service, a group of Iranian expatriates recruited mainly from Mojahedin-e-Khalq organization plan to instigate riots in the aftermath of 2009 Iran presidential elections. A Mexican immigrant new to Los Angeles enters into a love triangle with two very different women. After her adopted father is assassinated, 6 year old Alex is abducted and placed into the hands of Montgomery Lomax, an elite martial arts skills trainer and mentor for a private intelligence company. Over the next 18 years, she is taught how to kill but before being placed into the field, Lomax dies.  Alex hits the streets, socially naive but with exceptional physical capabilities. The Intel organization decides to cut its losses and dispatches assets to terminate Alex. She harshly deals with them forcing the company to reassess.  Elite instructor Lester Casey tricks Alex into surrendering herself and through a series of brutal retraining methods, breaks her down making her compliant, but the spark of moral right that Lomax lit in her as a young girl, still flickers.  After a conspiracy of betrayal, Alex goes after those who hurt her culminating in a series of lethal battles that push her skills to the limit. The movie opens with Lord Vishnu (Bramhanandam) trying to pacify Lakshmi Devi (Kovai Sarala), who is quite disappointed after listening to words of Narada that Lord Vishnu didn't gave any present to Lakshmi Devi on the eve of her Birthday (Akshaya Tritiya). Lord Vishnu shows a love story between 2 orphans Ravi Teja (Ravi Teja), a settlement broker in Hyderabad and Ileana (Ileana D'Cruz), a taxi driver living in Bangkok. Children's author Dorothy Gale makes a decent living continuing her grandfather's series of Oz books. When a new agent enters the scene, Dorothy moves to New York city. In the midst of a major business deal for her books, Dorothy discovers that her books are not based on her imagination, but on repressed memories. While Dorothy struggles with the revelation, she is forced to confront The Wicked Witch of the West, who has descended upon the Big Apple, determined to settle an old score.  What child has never dreamed of having a double, someone who would do all of the annoying things in his place? Seeing his reflection get out of the mirror into the real world, this dream comes true for the fearless boy Fernando. Odnanref, his double, presents himself as a solution to all his problems. Adaptation of a successful Brazilian novel written by Fernando Sabino. Trausti returns home after an absence of seven years. He discovers that his brother is tangled into a dangerous underground crime organization which is slave trafficking young women ... ... things progress and the effect is more brutal than anyone could have imagined. Death is at the doorstep and Trausti wants revenge. In his search for justice he meets a young woman named Maria who is involved with the gang. Trausti must do everything in his power to save Maria and get revenge for his family. Sometimes revenge is the only justice! Vendetta deals with an important subject in Icelandic society, how criminal gangs that are involved in human trafficking can have horrific effects on their enslaved victims as well as Icelandic families. When their home security system malfunctions, a family struggles to survive an attack against a state of the art patrol guard that believes they are intruders. Four Angels return from a failed mission to assassinate Ronald Reagan in 1981, and learn that their failure will have dire consequences on the future of humanity. Our current administration was never supposed to happen. Dark Fist tells the story of Eddie (Andy Warski), a desperate, depressed man who's down on his luck. When he loses his job, he plans to rob a convenience store, instead he gets himself tangled with an underground crime syndicate. He becomes the crime fighter known as Dark Fist. A poor and wronged woman's son returns from the big city to avenge his father, a honest school teacher. The controversial and moving tale of a struggling young Cork musician. We are introduced to the world of Cork hip-hop, its bitter rivalries, and the people behind the profanity. Though safely entombed in a crypt deep beneath the unforgiving desert, an ancient queen whose destiny was unjustly taken from her is awakened in our current day, bringing with her malevolence grown over millennia, and terrors that defy human comprehension. William Munny is a retired, once-ruthless killer turned gentle widower and hog farmer. To help support his two motherless children, he accepts one last bounty-hunter mission to find the men who brutalized a prostitute. Joined by his former partner and a cocky greenhorn, he takes on a corrupt sheriff. An alien scout lands on earth in the year 1854. The creature is searching for water and food. Once it finds what it needs, it will call in an invasion fleet. A lone cowboy must stand against the alien invader or all will be lost. In the last days of a dying logging town, Christian returns to his family home for his father Henry's wedding. While home, Christian reconnects with his childhood friend Oliver, who has stayed in town working at Henry's timber mill and is now out of a job. As Christian gets to know Oliver's wife Charlotte, daughter Hedvig, and father Walter, he discovers a secret that could tear Oliver's family apart. This Metaphysical Dark Action Comedy "A MAN CALLED NEREUS" is the debut feature of writer/director Nathan Hill, for Armored Vision. Nereus is an autistic man who is being held captive by the Filaria crime family due to his unique ability to predict the exact outcome of sporting events through time travel. However, this all changes the moment he is kidnapped by a junkie who plans to take him to Las Vegas. Now on the run, the two must weave through madmen, corrupt law enforcement and new-age terrorists. In one of the most famous cigar factories in Cuba, there is one person whose role in the cigar-rolling process is vital, yet not so well-known and documented. La Lectora takes a look at the long-standing tradition of having a reader in the factory, and at the influence, this reader has on the life of the workers. Danny, a respected cop, is setup after an investigation goes wrong. While laying low in his new jail cell, Danny is forced to get involved in the inmates underground cage fighting circuit. With the help of Irving, a former mixed martial arts champion, Danny devises a scheme to bring justice and innocence to his family's name, if he can get out of the cage alive. When Baton Rouge police detective Bud Carter busts contract killer Jesse Weiland, he convinces Jesse to become an informant and rat out the South's most powerful crime ring. A group of teenagers go on a excursion to the mountains. There, they are attacked by birds infected with a lethal virus. When the teens reach a nearby village, the haunting birds start passing their virus on to all the dwellers. Five Spec Ops, Alpha Squad, head a simple Recon Mission that turns into an all out war for survival against a wave of undead experiments. Alpha Squad must fight, not just for the sake of their own survival, but the fate of the world. Deeply ensconced in a top-secret military program, three pilots struggle to bring an artificial intelligence program under control ... before it initiates the next world war. As the title implies, Tom and Jerry are in a bowling alley. Both spend a lot of time sliding on the well-polished lanes. Eventually, Jerry takes up residence among the pins and Tom tries to bowl him down.  Despite cricket fever running wild, there are two people in India who dislike its influence over their lives. The first is Dr. Satyajit Chavan, who will not permit anyone in his home nor the hospital to view nor hear anything related to it; and the second is Kashmira, who is recently married to Sarabjeet Singh, and hates cricket as her husband is obsessed with it and has even neglected to be attentive leave alone take her for a honeymoon. Then there is Hemandra Patel, located in England for over 10 years, works as an airport Janitor, but has told everyone he is a Customs Officer, is awaiting word on his becoming a Citizen, but his fate rests with Immigration Officer, Cook, who hates all Patels, including Sardar Vallabhai Patel. Watch how the world cup influences them, and the shock that awaits Hemandra when he finds that his daughter is secretly seeing an English-African male by the name of Silver. The film tells the story of an eight meter long crocodile on the rampage in Hangzhou. Xiao befriends Amao, a 36 foot crocodile, who lives on his fathers croc sanctuary. Soon his father is forced to sell the crocodiles to a gangster who plans to use them for high priced meals. The story begins. The story of a town at the mercy of a landscape in transformation; standing on the brink of an encroaching reality, one in which the age-old fears of the inhabitants are being reproduced. A hamlet has survived, perched in a remote location where its children can grow up and the elderly can die and stay there. From the makers of Hack Job and I Spill Your Guts! Rich and Benny have always had trouble with the ladies, until they befriend a demon named Az. It's a non-stop party until a killer, soul eating beast leaps through an open portal from the underworld and starts terrorizing their city. Now it's up to Az and the boys to send the creature back to the depths of Hades where it came from, all the while looking good and doing it Cool As Hell in this horror comedy. Featuring a killer punk, hardcore and metal soundtrack and appearances from genre favorites Tom Savini and Frank Mullen as well as Andrew WK, the Meatmen and more! Harry Potter has lived under the stairs at his aunt and uncle's house his whole life. But on his 11th birthday, he learns he's a powerful wizard -- with a place waiting for him at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. As he learns to harness his newfound powers with the help of the school's kindly headmaster, Harry uncovers the truth about his parents' deaths -- and about the villain who's to blame. Thrust into an all-new adventure, a down-on-his-luck Capt. Jack Sparrow feels the winds of ill-fortune blowing even more strongly when deadly ghost sailors led by his old nemesis, the evil Capt. Salazar, escape from the Devil's Triangle. Jack's only hope of survival lies in seeking out the legendary Trident of Poseidon, but to find it, he must forge an uneasy alliance with a brilliant and beautiful astronomer and a headstrong young man in the British navy. "Karaoglan - Altay'dan Gelen Yigit" is the first adaptation based on a famous Turkish historical comic book by Suat Yalaz. The explosive, inspiring and true story of a savage street fighter who turned his life around fallowing a conversion to Christianity. He felt God's call, and acted upon it, to take the message of Jesus Christ to teenage gangs all over America and beyond. Mirza - The Untold Story is based on the legendry love story of Mirza and Sahiba. Mirza is being played by Gippy Grewal and Sahiba is played by Mandy Takhar. Mirza and his Sahiba fall in love with each other at a very young age. However, one of her brother's, Jeet (Rahul Dev) disapproves of their relationship and forcefully distances them apart.n Mirza. When an illicit arms deal goes bad, North Korean spy Pyo Jong-seong finds himself targeted not just by the South Koreans but also his own bosses. A remake of the 1973 action film of the same name. A wealthy NRI falls hard for a country girl during a visit to his homeland. The tribes of Israel need to defeat the superior might of the Philistines: "Now appoint a king to lead us, such as all the other nations have." (I Samuel, 8:5). And so the prophet Samuel gives the Hebrews their first king, Saul.  Saul, however, has incessant doubts about his mission. The influential prophet Samuel turns away from Saul in order to select a new king according to God's will: David. He is still a young boy, tending sheep in the fields, when, secretly Samuel oints him as the next king of the Israelites. The Band of the Hawk participates in the Midland war campaign. On the bloody battlefield, they conquer decisive victories that lead them to Doldrey, an old fortress that will decide the outcome of the war. A year has passed since Guts parted ways with the Band of the Hawks. Meanwhile, his former mercenary group is plotting a rescue mission to save an imprisoned Griffith. Exposure follows a rookie Detroit African-American female cop who stumbles upon corrupt officers who are murdering a drug dealer, an incident captured by her body cam. They pursue her through the night in an attempt to destroy the footage, but to make matters worse, they've tipped off a criminal gang that she's responsible for the dealer's death. A seemingly homeless man who catches butterflies in the park witnesses a gangland shooting. He's dragged off into a tunnel to be killed, passes out only to awaken to a bloody nightmare - The cops rule it a drug deal gone bad releasing the Butterfly Man. Soon the CIA is on their doorstep looking for a rogue psychopathic agent who disappeared 15 years ago and the only person who has possibly seen him is the Butterfly Man. Sudigadu is a 2012 Telugu comedy film directed by Bhimaneni Srinivasa Rao and produced by Chandrasekhar D Reddy under Arundathi Movies. It is the adaptation of C. S. Amudhan's debut tamil super hit movie Thamizh Padam A young Asian American martial artist is forced to participate in a brutal formal street-fight competition. A disgruntled teenager, sent to do community service at a rundown Karate school, enters an MMA tournament to face the man who killed his parents. A story set in the Prohibition Era and centered on a group of individuals and their dealings in the world of organized crime. The history of Italian zombie cinema, beginning with the breakout worldwide influence and success of George Romero's Night of the Living Dead and continuing through to Lucio Fulci's trend-setting Zombie Flesh-Eaters (Zombi 2) and its many imitators. The Royal Scandal, the war for power and fight for money continues with the return of Saheb Biwi Aur Gangster. Aditya Pratap Singh (Jimmy Sheirgill) is crippled and is trying to recover from the physical disability and his wifes betrayal. The lover cum seductress Madhavi Devi (Mahie Gill) is now an MLA, her relationship with Aditya may have broken to shambles but her relation with alcohol is deep, dark and daunting. Indarjeet Singh, a ragged prince who has lost everything but his pride, pledges to get back his familys respect which was once destroyed by Adityas ancestors. Ranjana is a modern ambitious girl who is madly in love with Indarjeet Singh (Irrfan Khan). The story takes a new turn when Aditya falls in love with Ranjana and forces Birendra (Raj Babbar) her father, for their marriage. In this game of live chess between Saheb, Biwi and Gangster, the winner, the survivor takes it all. Status Quo play a series of shows in Fiji and become embroiled in a secret Russian Roulette ring lorded over by Jon Lovitz. A war-hardened Crusader and his Moorish commander mount an audacious revolt against the corrupt English crown. An outlaw biker finds himself addicted to a diabolical substance and hunted by a grenade-tossing femme fatale, bounty hunters, law enforcement, a rival motorcycle gang, mutations and a topless stripper hit squad. West Lincoln is the story of the Santiago family. This is a family that is faced with the harsh realities of a young family member who becomes a victim of a fatal shooting. Josh Santiago Nava is an honor student and aspiring boxer. His hopes and dreams are shattered as a result of a horrible crime. This story tells how the Santiago family copes with this horrible tragedy and the conflict it creates between the communities of Lincoln Heights and West Lincoln. This is a portrayal of how family and friends are brought together in a time of crisis. Most importantly, it is a portrayal of how it changed lives in an inspirational way, especially a troubled, rebellious family member named Mingo. This was devastating for Mingo. He was devastated by the death of his closest cousin Josh. This story is all too common in cities throughout the United States. A man tries to escape his troublesome past. Adapted from the successful novel, Dead in 5 Heartbeats, by Ralph "Sonny" Barger with Keith and Kent Zimmerman. The story follows the Infidelz MC's former President, Patch Kinkade, who has left his personal demons behind for the calm of desert life. When war erupts between his brothers he left behind and the rival Hooligans, Patch rides back into town to either make peace or do battle. A man can no longer tolerate injustice and corruption and he becomes a vigilante to fight for a better society. Jim is an average New Yorker living a peaceful life with a well paying job and a loving family. Suddenly, everything changes when the economy crashes causing Jim to lose everything. Filled with anger and rage, Jim snaps and goes to extreme lengths to seek revenge for the life taken from him. After he's shot during a heist in East L.A., an armored truck driver wrestles with rehabilitation and tracking down the man who committed the crime. On vacation from Mexico, wealthy man-children Oscar and Arturo are causing havoc in New York City, partying like there's no tomorrow. Their sense of entitlement is only outmatched by their unchecked stamina. Amidst the debauchery, the two get caught up in a Homeland security investigation that threatens to derail their amusement. This rambunctious comedy of mistaken identities and sexual promiscuity is a riot from start to finish. A book-smart teenager joins his school's wrestling team as a way to reunite his surviving family members, who split apart after the death of his father, a college wrestling legend, 10 years ago. The film revolves around a local street-racer who partners with a rich and arrogant business associate, only to find himself framed by his colleague and sent to prison. After he gets out, he joins a New York-to-Los Angeles race to get revenge. But when the ex-partner learns of the scheme, he puts a massive bounty on the racer's head, forcing him to run a cross-country gauntlet of illegal racers in all manner of supercharged vehicles. Rajkumar, an aimless youth, works for a drug baron and is sent to kill a rival dealer. His life is changed forever when he meets Chanda, and has no idea she is the adopted daughter of the man he is supposed to kill. In 2010, An unidentifiable life form began to appear in the central region of America. This phenomenon was soon linked to a NASA probe that was reportedly crashed somewhere in the Western Hemisphere. By 2018 what appeared as an unidentifiable life form had transformed into a devastating catastrophe. Four female friends embark on a weekend camping expedition into the woods. Things go horribly awry when the quartet runs afoul of a group of wicked rich folks who enjoy hunting humans for sport. Will any of these ladies make it out of the forest alive? It's been 20 years since the corporations took over the world's governments. Their thirst for power and profits led to the Corporate Wars, a fierce global battle that laid waste to society as we know it. Born from the ash, the Council of Nine rose as a new law and order for this dark age. To avenge the corporations' reckless destruction, the Council issues death warrants for all white collar criminals. Their hunters--the bounty killer. From amateur savage to graceful assassin, the bounty killers now compete for body count, fame and a fat stack of cash. They're ending the plague of corporate greed and providing the survivors of the apocalypse with retribution. These are the new heroes. This is the age of the BOUNTY KILLER. After going renegade on a Foray, Kathleen an English woman goes down south to Ngara Town. Seeking redemption, Kathleen saves Ngara Town and becomes her new hero. But when Diwani (point man of the Foray) comes to Ngara to retrieve from Kathleen what belongs to the Foray, Kathleen must go against the odds to save Ngara from Diwani and a Foray striking for the very soul of Ngara Town. A serial killer taunts police while increasing the body count on live streaming TV. Horror movie. A contract killing organization is managed like a normal company. Hyung-do who regards killing as nothing more than repetitious routine is working for this company. A man loyal to his company and accepted as the firm's best killer, Hyung-do one day starts feeling doubts about his job and decides to quit his job for a woman he is in love with. Instantly, he is under the threat of being hunted down by his former colleagues. Dave Lizewski is an unnoticed high school student and comic book fan who one day decides to become a super-hero, even though he has no powers, training or meaningful reason to do so. The life story of Ogg, a male wolf living in the northern mountains of Israel. When teenagers Rachel and Grace travel inside a super-powered rainbow to China, they disturb nature's balance. Using Rachel's connection to the energy of the rainbow and with help from their new friend Xiao Cheng, they must race against time to save the Earth. After the death of her daughter, Julia Lofting, a wealthy housewife, moves to London to re-start her life. All seems well until she is haunted by the sadness of losing her own child and the ghosts of other children. Zephyr, now known as Z, rides the seas with only one goal: Destroy all pirates and their dreams at becoming King of Pirates. When Luffy and his crew encounter him at sea, not only are they utterly defeated by the man with an arm made of Seastone, Nami, Robin, and Chopper are turned 10 years younger due to Z's minion Ain. Luffy is so determined to win against him that he does not even notice Z's master plan that could sacrifice thousands of lives. As summer begins to wane into autumn, Detective Benoit Michaud investigates what appears to be the suicide of prominent journalist Sandra Templeton. Michaud soon realizes that the suicide may have involved her stalker, a man with a mysterious past who underwent secret military training. The intricate web of deception expands as Michaud uncovers a report Templeton had been working on in which she describes the real reason for the G20 fences in downtown Toronto. As Michaud delves further, he realizes the murder is more than it seems, leading him to discover that the crime is part of a vast conspiracy by shadowy forces attempting to cover up the connection between the G20 fences, the earthquake, and power outage all occuring during the summer of 2010. A schizophrenic rock musician, is convinced that his parents were murdered by three men. Taking the support of a journalist, he sets out to find the culprits. Will he succeed in his mission, and in the process, what will he learn about his own roots? It's a classic boy-meets-girl story, boy-loses-girl, boy gets mistaken for an escaped convict and ruthlessly chased by armies of cops across the countryside in a thrill-packed stunt-addled climax. After resolving a situation of exorcism, the half-breed demon hunter Jake Greyman (Sean Patrick Flanery) reports to Cardinal White (William Bassett) and they realize that the demon Asmodeus (Billy Drago) is impregnating many mortals trying to raise offspring. Cardinal White calls Sister Sarah Ryan (Colleen Porch) to assist Jake in his hunting for Asmodeus and his women. When former Green Beret John Rambo is harassed by local law enforcement and arrested for vagrancy, the Vietnam vet snaps, runs for the hills and rat-a-tat-tats his way into the action-movie hall of fame. Hounded by a relentless sheriff, Rambo employs heavy-handed guerilla tactics to shake the cops off his tail. The historical recreation of the 1942 Wannsee Conference, in which Nazi and SS leaders gathered in a Berlin suburb to discuss the "Final Solution to the Jewish Question". Lead by SS-General Reinhard Heydrich, this group of high ranking German officials came to the historic and far reaching decision that the Jews of Europe were to be exterminated in what would come to be known as the Holocaust. When an evil land baron's limo falls into a sinkhole outside Possum Lodge, lodge leader Red Green is ordered to pay the baron $10,000 or lose his beloved lodge forever. Red considers various money-making schemes concocted by his buddies, but it's his nerdy nephew Harold who hits on an idea that just might save their wood-smoked bacon: a duct-tape sculpture contest in Minneapolis that offers a $10,000 third-place prize. An ex-narc finds a journal written in code, leading to the whereabouts of a stash of stolen drugs. All Excess is Avenged Sevenfold's first DVD which was released on July 17, 2007. The DVD includes a documentary with footage dating back to 1999, four live performances, along with four music videos, and several out-takes.  The DVD was created to portray how Avenged Sevenfold started in a unique way different from typical mainstream band DVDs. This was done by giving the viewer a look into the thoughts of, the relationships between, and the background of the band. After their fathers death, two brothers dispute the inheritance: the local movie theater known as Linterna Mujica. Their dispute may or not bring the town to its apocalypse, but it will for sure turn it upside-down. Zico leads a successful crime operation in Colombia, working with his sister, Angelica. Desiring a better and safer life abroad, they decide to pull off one last hit, planning every detail to the last second. In 180 seconds, a mere three minutes, their financial future could be solved forever. Alice's boyfriend Frank is a Scotland Yard detective who seems more interested in police work than in her. When she agrees to go out with another man, he attacks her and she defends herself and kills him. When the body is discovered, Frank is assigned to the case. He quickly discovers that Alice is the killer, but so has someone else, and they are threatening blackmail. A cryptic message from Bond's past sends him on a trail to uncover a sinister organization. While M battles political forces to keep the secret service alive, Bond peels back the layers of deceit to reveal the terrible truth behind SPECTRE. A bounty hunter trapped in Asia, is promised his freedom in return for a rescue mission. On his search for the missing British secret service agent, he travels between the border of China and North Korea, where the mission takes a turn for the worst. It's an action packed movie The Untold Story of The Tragedy In Cyprus Venus came to find the truth about her parents' disappearance on her childhood home of Cyprus years ago. What begins as a personal journey starts a secret odyssey that will lead her closer and closer to unearthing Cyprus's tragic and hidden history. But in a land so deeply occupied divided, how far will Venus go for a country that is not her own? While Mike Keegan is celebrating his recent promotion to detective, in a fancy nightclub socialite Claire Gregory witnesses the murder of the owner by powerful mobster, Joey Venza. Mike is assigned to protect her in the night shift in her Manhattan apartment. When Venza threatens Claire, Mike and Claire eventually become closer--and Mike finds himself divided between the love for his family and his heated  passion for Claire and his fascination of her world. A veteran homicide detective who has witnessed his socialite girlfriend kill her husband sees his inexperienced brother assigned to the case. High school seniors Logan and Blake prepare for an epic Spring Break as they travel to the beautiful and exotic Mexican beach resort of Puerto Vallarta hoping to hook up with their high school crushes. Surrounded by hot girls in teeny bikinis, the guys are truly in heaven. After meeting at a club, Logan falls for a mysterious local beauty named Gaby but then realizes the next morning, when his grandfather's Rolex watch is missing, that she was after more than just his heart. Ethan and team take on their most impossible mission yet--eradicating 'The Syndicate', an International and highly-skilled rogue organisation committed to destroying the IMF. After getting a taste for blood as children, Hansel and Gretel have become the ultimate vigilantes, hell-bent on retribution. Now, unbeknownst to them, Hansel and Gretel have become the hunted, and must face an evil far greater than witches... their past. As two evil sisters prepare to conquer the land, two renegades--Eric the Huntsman, who aided Snow White in defeating Ravenna in Snowwhite and the Huntsman, and his forbidden lover, Sara--set out to stop them. When a team of Shaolin-trained kung fu actors is about to get their break in Hollywood, a mysterious and sadistic Director forces them to run a gauntlet through Los Angeles. The Director films their every move as they prove their prowess by provoking a rogues' gallery of underworld thugs and martial artists. Suffering from the worst of interpersonal gipijeung the timid woman 'Shallow Water' (gohyeonjeong)  50 billion dollar crime errand at a time of winning Sister torrefy bent!  Aka 'write' referred to as the love of her life, because somehow met five men behind it turns .... In the distant future high-tech man colonized the world and leaves all the dirty work of an army of androids and robots. Now, somewhere rebelling robots, and a heavily armed special forces, led by Major Fox well to look after things. Locally it is found that the problem is bigger than expected: namely, the machine themselves have tinkered machines, and with these new Combat robots is no joke. Luckily, keeping an even few androids to people ... Assassin Robert Rath arrives at a funeral to kill a prominent mobster, only to witness a rival hired gun complete the job for him -- with grisly results. Horrified by the murder of innocent bystanders, Rath decides to take one last job and then return to civilian life. But finding his way out of the world of contract killing grows ever more dangerous as Rath falls for his female target and becomes a marked man himself. Sequel to Deadly Prey. Colonel Hogan is still alive and just getting out of prison on parole, some 28 years later. But he has only one thing in mind and that is revenge on Mike Danton. So once again, Hogan puts together a group of mercenaries, has Danton kidnapped, and the games begin. Only this time Hogan is funded by a huge internet company in exchange for broadcasting the hunting of Danton over the internet, worldwide. For Hogan, winning is everything. Proving that there can only be one best and that it is him. What he had not thought of is that he isn't the only one who had twenty eight years to get pissed off. Because now Mike Danton is pissed off and that means few will survive. Some people called it a suicide, but for the Rangers of the 2nd Battalion, that's another word for mission. When an elite group of American soldiers are ordered to take out a series of German machine gun nests, they find themselves blindly venturing into hostile territory. Outnumbered and outgunned they must risk life and limb as they cross treacherous terrain, never knowing where the enemy might be hiding. The perfect killing machine is reprogrammed to think and feel. Former Australian Intelligence operative Victoria Dev Ries, lives a quiet life in suburban America where as a single mother she raises her only daughter and trains fighters in her own M.M.A. gym. But when her daughter goes on a camping trip and fails to return, she is forced to go back into action. Eight years after the disappearance of Cassandra, some disturbing incidents seem to indicate that she's still alive. Police, parents and Cassandra herself, will try to unravel the mystery of her disappearance. Based on the 1930's comic strip, puts the hero up against his arch enemy, Shiwan Khan, who plans to take over the world by holding a city to ransom using an atom bomb. Using his powers of invisibility and "The power to cloud men's minds", the Shadow comes blazing to the city's rescue with explosive results. A group of rag tag superhero birthday party impersonators are hired by a crime-ridden town to help clean up their streets. The impersonators soon find themselves in over their heads in a hilarious fight for survival. By adopting the experimental drug while the military, battle of Sam followed in the footsteps of the super hero of World War II, known great-grandfather, as his battle CAPTAIN. Drug turns him into super-being and intelligence beyond that of an ordinary human strength, and agility. After his service, he returns home to home over to the ruthless neo-Nazi thugs by referring to the mastermind of evil known as the service is Necromancer. Third Reich is equipped again raise re-animation by Himmler them. Sam only, as captain of the battle, will be able to save them! An ordinary suburban couple finds it's not easy keeping up with the Joneses - their impossibly gorgeous and ultra-sophisticated new neighbors - especially when they discover that Mr. and Mrs. "Jones" are covert operatives. After a small airplane crash lands in a remote area of Central China, several passengers survive, including a Chinese boy and his American guardian. As they wait to be rescued, they soon encounter the mysterious Yeren-- an elusive ape-man creature rumored to have inhabited the Shennongjia mountains for many centuries. When ruthless poachers arrive to capture the Yeren, our heroes must decide if the unique creature is their friend or foe. John Falcon did 10 years of hard time in prison. Now he's got 24 hours to get revenge on every person who had a hand in sending him there. What do you get when you mix two hit-men brothers, their cocky protege, a couple of injured illegal immigrants, border patrol agents and a few colorful townsfolk in the small border town of Bisbee, AZ whose water supply has been contaminated with MDPV otherwise known as 'bath salts'? A wild night of chases, gun fights, zombies, heated arguments touching on the controversial issue, AZ's SB1070, oh and a lot more zombies as this colorful group of individuals tries to escape the night on the Bloody Border. A detective hunts a serial killer who resides within the fashion and modeling industry. The film is about two convicts, Samson (Mammootty) and Mallika (Charmy), who are released from jail on the same day and their travel together to unknown destinations. A young girl's life is thrown upside down when she is molested by her favorite teacher. Through the support of her best friend, she finds the strength to tell her mother. Everyone has demons in their closet but when Trey meets the wrong love of his life, those demons become reality. And for those closes to Trey, his reality is deadly. Summary TREY, a sanitation worker, is desperately trying to live a normal life while suffering with a mental disorder called Manic Depression. Synopsis One day, he meets a girl, ASHLEY, who would forever change his life. On one hand she provides the emotional connection he longs for but on the other hand her presence creates a living hell he cannot escape! With Trey being friendless and complete under her control, Ashley is satisfied and everything seems to go well, until one faithful day when Ashley pushes Trey to his breaking point! Brad has committed murder and barricaded himself inside his house. With the help of his friends and neighbours, the cops piece together the strange tale of how this nice young man arrived at such a dark place. A bounty hunter named Atticus Gage tracks down criminals in a post-apocalyptic Earth. A catastrophic volcanic eruption releases ancient dragon-like creatures on the surrounding areas. Scientists believe this could start a chain reaction of volcanic eruptions giving way to a global Dragon Apocalypse. After the re-emergence of the world's first mutant, world-destroyer Apocalypse, the X-Men must unite to defeat his extinction level plan. His mistakes may have landed him in jail, but for Firman, it is also the catalyst for a new beginning in life. Trisya is a girl who longs to be loved, but it is only when she meets the one that she realizes that true love is not a bed of roses. Freez is a carefree guy who only thinks about hanging out with his friends and being happy, while Lara is a free spirit who wants to make her way in the world on her own. The four of them meet in Wira Cinta, a club that is owned by Kak Pora where all of them learn martial arts from and also discover themselves, when Pinto, Firman's brother-in-arms from his dark past turns up at the club and demands that Firman returns to the gang or face the consequences. Osman Ali's "Jiwa Taiko" is a social drama about discovering the meaning of friendship and love, which is often taken for granted Veera Narasimha Naidu (Prabhu) is a faction leader in Kurnool who raised his sister Saraswati (Seetha) with love and Affection to make her forget the loss of their Mother. During the marriage time, she eloped with Basha (Suman), whom she loved which led the death of Narasimha Naidu's Father. Thus enraged Narasimha Naidu cuts the leg of Basha which created a rift between the two families. On a case to win the property belonging to Saraswati, Basha wins the case on Narasimha Naidu after a long gap of 25 years. Seeing the sorrow of Saraswati, her son Sulaiman (Vishnu Manchu) vows to unite the two families and waits for a situation. Mael Lambung (Zizan Razak) is a well-known car transporter in Kuala Lumpur. His life takes a chaotic turn when he meets Maria (Juliana Evans), who asks for his help in eluding the villains who are after her. Their run to save themselves takes Mael and Maria to Terengganu, which also happens to be Mael's hometown. It is then revealed that Mael is a drifter. Back in his estranged neighbourhood, Mael reunites with Rozie (Shenthy Feliziana), his former love who is now engaged to Tiger (Taiyudin Bakar). Conflict arises when Tiger grows uneasy with Mael's return due to his jealousy of Mael's and Rozie previous relationship. Mael's troubles escalates when the villains who are after Maria because of a microchip that contains sensitive information about a bid for a government's project finally catches up to them in Terengganu... When passengers on a train are attacked by a creature, they must band together in order to survive until morning. While on a seemingly routine job, a jaded hit man discovers that he's not the only one with his target in the crosshairs. Thiruthani Movie story is about a youth who is very selfish and self centered. After a teen steals a VHS tape titled "Slaughter Tales" from a yard sale, he seals his fate by ignoring a ghostly apparition in his bath tub and watching the stolen tape. as the movie progresses, simple nightmares turn reality as evil is released from the tape. After a major shipment of drugs goes missing on the US-Canadian border, forest ranger and former Navy SEAL Henry is plunged into survival mode when the drug cartel forces him to help retrieve the downed package. Trapped in the wilderness with no communication to the outside world, Henry finds himself face to face with Clay, a man with a personal vendetta against Henry who has returned for retribution. Now, the two mortal enemies must make a choice: put aside their past and work together, or die alone at the hands of the drug runners, a ruthless gang who will stop at nothing to retrieve their lost cargo. When Tony Stark tries to jumpstart a dormant peacekeeping program, things go awry and Earth's Mightiest Heroes are put to the ultimate test as the fate of the planet hangs in the balance. As the villainous Ultron emerges, it is up to The Avengers to stop him from enacting his terrible plans, and soon uneasy alliances and unexpected action pave the way for an epic and unique global adventure. Millennial entrepreneurs, Drew and Max, run a webcast that streams live exorcisms that are, in fact, elaborately staged hoaxes. But they get their comeuppance when today's actress becomes mysteriously possessed by a real demon that holds the crew hostage. To make matters worse-- the possessed victim is Drew's fiancee, Lane. In front of a rapidly-growing global audience, the demon subjects Max to a series of violent and humiliating challenges meant to punish him for his online charade. Meanwhile, in an effort to save the love of his life, Drew discovers that the demon's sinister motive is not only about revenge, but also to expose the dark secrets he, Max, and Lane have been hiding from one another. With only the show clock remaining, it's a matter of time before either the truth is revealed or the demon forces them to meet their maker. King Henry II tests the loyalty and honor of his son Richard sending him to a secret castle known as the Knight's Martyr. There, the Prince must fight against adversaries representing the virtues of a knight. While investigating a smugglers' turf war in Cape Town, township cop Sizwe discovers police corruption. He must set loyalty aside to act with integrity, alone. Keiko, daughter of a famous sushi chef, leaves home to escape his overbearing training in both sushi-making and martial arts. Finding work at a rural inn, she is bullied by the staff and ridiculed by the guests, including the president of Komatsu Pharmaceuticals, who has come to the inn for a vacation with his associates. Little do they know, however, that disgruntled Komatsu researcher Yamada has followed them there with designs on revenge, using a serum he developed that can awaken the murderous instincts of fish on rice, creating...killer sushi! Bloodthirsty tuna and squid soon descend upon the humans, killing many and turning the remainder into zombie-like creatures. Macedonia is a small country, in the heart of the Balkans, which for five centuries was under the yoke of the Ottoman Empire. The action of the film "To the Hilt" takes place in the years of the general collapse and "free fall", after the Macedonian uprising of 1903 which was extinguished in blood. The story is a love quadrangle between an uncompromising idealist rebel, a merciless Turkish officer, an opportunist rich man's son returning home after his studies in Europe and a lucid and open minded European woman, who flirts with the three men and puts in train a series of events with dire consequences, that she could hardly imagine. The film is a harsh and romantic story in which the eternal Macedonian cause for own identity and independence is seen through the prism of relativity of the ideas of freedom, justice, love, sacrifice, and treason. WWII German soldiers take an occult scientist into a haunted forest in Romania, only to be confronted by their own ghosts. The Fantastic Five Predestination chronicles the life of a Temporal Agent sent on an intricate series of time-travel journeys designed to prevent future killers from committing their crimes. Now, on his final assignment, the Agent must stop the one criminal that has eluded him throughout time and prevent a devastating attack in which thousands of lives will be lost. A gentle and introverted young man is given employment in the police department, when his father, an inspector, dies of a sudden heart attack. In the line of duty, when he earns the wrath of a dangerous gangster, he and his brother must fight to defeat their powerful enemy. Will they succeed in doing so? Wanted by the mafia, a New York City bike messenger escapes into the world of parkour after meeting a beautiful stranger. Uu... Kodathara? Ulikki Padathara?, commonly referred to as UKUP, is a 2012 Indian Telugu socio-fantasy film written and directed by Sekhar Raja, produced by Lakshmi Manchu and starring Manoj Manchu A youngster goes on a road trip with the girl of his dreams and but an accident leads things to spiraling out of control. Michael Bellicher wakes up one morning to find out that his identity has been stolen. Soon he learns that the perpetrator is using his stolen ID for all kinds of illegal action. Michael tries to find out who is behind all this, when, to his horror, his credentials show up at the scene of a big terrorist attack. Suddenly he is public enemy number one... A newly reunited young couple's drive through the Pacific Northwest turns into a nightmare as they are forced to face nature, unsavory locals, and a monstrous creature, known to the Native Americans as Oh-Mah.  A woman who survived the brutal killing of her family as a child is forced to confront the events of that day. An ex- CIA operative is brought back in on a very personal mission and finds himself pitted against his former pupil in a deadly game involving high level CIA officials and the Russian president-elect. Small time criminal Jimmy from Malmo, dreams of making it big. All he has to do is to pull off the drug deal of his lifetime with the infamous crime boss Dragan. Things don't go as planned, and suddenly Jimmy becomes a wanted man on the run from the police. He turns to the girl he loves Josephine, and during a few unforgettable summer nights their passion stirs a storm of emotions. Jimmy has to put everything on the line to fulfill his dream, but his past comes back to haunt him. The two lovers have to make a decision that will change their lives forever. This documentary follows the 2002 mayoral campaign in Newark, New Jersey, in which a City Councilman, Cory Booker, attempted to unseat longtime mayor Sharpe James.   Legend knows him as an archer of unwavering focus, the soldier who fought a battle in his own heart before taking up arms against his enemy. This is the untold story of Arjun, hero of the Mahabharata. A precocious talent plunged from boyhood and innocence into a murky world of deceit and betrayal, coming of age to become the most powerful warrior of his time. From the dusty plains of Hastinapur to the icy peaks of the Himalayas, Arjun: The Warrior Prince is the story of a man discovering what it takes to be a hero. Two guys desperate for cash open their own muscle-for-hire business. This inadvertently opens a gateway into the heart of the city's seedy underworld. Under constant attack from hitmen, zombies, religious extremists, and serial killers - can they rescue their baby and pay the rent on time? A young man Kentaro Saeki (Haruma Miura) keeps failing his bar test and does not know what to do any more. His older sister Keiko is a freelance writer. Kentaro and Keiko begin to search for information on their grandfather Kyuzo Miyabe (Junichi Okada) who dead in the special  forces during World War II.  Their grandfather Kyuzo Miyabe was terrified of death and obsessed with life. Why did he join the special forces? According to his fellow navy soldiers, Kyuzo Miyabe was a genius and also a coward. Kentaro and Keiko then discovers the shocking truth which has been sealed for 60 years. A common thief joins a mythical god on a quest through Egypt. Looking to mine for gold, greedy industrialist Bartholomew Bogue seizes control of the Old West town of Rose Creek. With their lives in jeopardy, Emma Cullen and other desperate residents turn to bounty hunter Sam Chisolm for help. Chisolm recruits an eclectic group of gunslingers to take on Bogue and his ruthless henchmen. With a deadly showdown on the horizon, the seven mercenaries soon find themselves fighting for more than just money once the bullets start to fly. Uptight and straight-laced, FBI Special Agent Sarah Ashburn is a methodical investigator with a reputation for excellence--and hyper-arrogance. Shannon Mullins, one of Boston P.D.'s "finest," is foul-mouthed and has a very short fuse, and uses her gut instinct and street smarts to catch the most elusive criminals. Neither has ever had a partner, or a friend for that matter. When these two wildly incompatible law officers join forces to bring down a ruthless drug lord, they become the last thing anyone expected: Buddies. A survivor of the Great Siege of Rochester Castle fights to save his clan from from Celtic raiders. A sequel to the 2011 film, "Ironclad." In this heist film turned horror fest, director Alex de la Iglesia's love of mayhem is on full display as a gang of gold thieves lands in a coven of witches who are preparing for an ancient ritual -- and in need of a sacrifice. An undercover MI6 agent is sent to Berlin during the Cold War to investigate the murder of a fellow agent and recover a missing list of double agents. Mad doctor uses patients at his isolated psychiatric institute as subjects in his attempts to create longevity by surgically installing an artificial gland in their skulls, with disastrous results. A retrospective "Making of...." featurette released on the 2009 DVD release of Fritz Lang's Man Hunt (1941).  Sumon is compelled to grow up in the city's underworld as mafia lord Osman Ali's killer machine. After killing a pregnant woman, Sumon's conscience leads him to defy Ali's order. When an elite assassin marries a beautiful computer whiz after a whirlwind romance, he gives up the gun and settles down with his new bride. That is, until he learns that someone from his past has put a contract out on his life. In Japan, gonzo filmmakers hatch a three-pronged plan to save an actress's career, end a yakuza war and make a hit movie. Steve is a college freshman who plays tennis for the school. But he falls desperately in love with Shelly, also a tennis player. It's all downhill from there. Steve can't eat, he can't sleep, his grades drop, and he gets kicked off the tennis team. What can he do? Well, his resourceful friend suggest turning Steve into a woman in order to get him close to Shelly who doesn't know he is alive. A local doctor is recruited as a cold war spy to fulfill a very important secret mission in the Middle East, only to experience that his mission is complicated by a sexy female double agent. Josh McManus, a traveling salesman with a cloudy past, finds himself in a dusty West Texas town at the wrong time. After a crippling series of earthquakes throws the entire world into chaos, a traveling salesman will have to fight his way through a vicious outlaw biker gang known as the Barbarians to get home to his family. Exposure follows a rookie Detroit African-American female cop who stumbles upon corrupt officers who are murdering a drug dealer, an incident captured by her body cam. They pursue her through the night in an attempt to destroy the footage, but to make matters worse, they've tipped off a criminal gang that she's responsible for the dealer's death. At one of his many visits to his doctor, hypochondriac George Kimball mistakes a dying man's diagnosis for his own and believes he only has about two more weeks to live. Wanting to take care of his wife Judy, he doesn't tell her and tries to find her a new husband. When he finally does tell her, she quickly finds out he's not dying at all (while he doesn't) and she believes it's just a lame excuse to hide an affair, so she decides to leave him. A New York journalist lies when his fake story about a pimp describes a real pimp up for murder. When a Harvard-educated CIA agent is killed during an operation, the secret agency recruits his twin brother. Action -  Joe Lenig, Kristin Rodriguez, Nelson Irizarry A Self Defense Instructor seeks revenge for the murder of his girlfriend who was an up and coming new reporter and finds out one of the stories she worked on before which was considered a Urban Legend wounds up being real, now he will stop at nothing to uncover the truth and take down the ones responsible for her murder at any cost.  Two estranged brothers hit the road in a cross-country race that will both define their past and shape their future. In southwest Turkey, a Dutch woman helps save the lives of illegal immigrants but is forced to confront the unattended needs of those who love her. When Ruth Matthews's husband is killed in a fall at an archaeological dig, her daughter Sally handles her father's death in a very odd manner. As Sally's condition worsens, Ruth takes her to see Jake, an expert in childhood autism. Jake attempts to bring Sally out of her mental disarray through traditional therapy methods, but Ruth takes a different route. She risks her own sanity by attempting to enter her daughter's mind and make sense of the seemingly bizarre things that Sally does, including building a wondrous house of cards A powerful Chilean gangster uses everything in his power to stop the woman that wants to kill him, a sexy mercenary known as "the machine gun woman". The staggering sum of cash he offers for her head sets in motion an army of hitmen. And also, by accident, bursts in the life of naive DJ Santiago, a common youth that will have to steel his guts against the underworld, and above all, survive the irresistible - and bloodthirsty - Machine Gun Woman.  - Written by FICV Inspector Kishan lives a middle-class lifestyle in Mumbai, India, along with his younger brother, Rahul. He is in love with Kavita, the daughter of a Mantri, Dindayal Kallu, while Rahul is in love with Neena. The city is being held to ransom by corrupt politicians like Rana Jung Bahadur who openly associate with gangsters and criminal dons like Chaurasia, Rajeshwar and his brother, Lankeshwar. But when Chaurasia decides to take the larger share of the underworld market, a gang-war breaks out. When Inspector Kishan attempts to arrest Chaurasia, he is warned by his superior, ACP. Rahul then witnesses a murder being committed by Chaurasia's goon, Surya, but before he could do anything, he himself is killed. A vigilante network taking out corrupt officials draws the notice of the authorities.  The love story between a pampered Cocker Spaniel named Lady and a streetwise mongrel named Tramp. Lady finds herself out on the street after her owners have a baby and is saved from a pack by Tramp, who tries to show her to live her life footloose and collar-free. Redefining the way LGBT people are shown on screen, Credence tells the story of a family torn apart during the last evacuation on earth after violent storms have made survival impossible.  The story follows 2 fathers' decision to make the ultimate sacrifice to give up all their possessions to ensure the survival of their daughter, and the entire human race. The special bond that develops between plus-sized inflatable robot Baymax, and prodigy Hiro Hamada, who team up with a group of friends to form a band of high-tech heroes. Consumed by a horrific event in her past, a woman is driven to violent retribution, and soon discovers that there can be no getting even. Her only ally: a meth-making genius who manipulates her for his own ends while she wages a vigilante campaign against a powerful drug lord and his thug army. A detective, investigating a series of grisly homicides, begins to uncover the truth about her, and the role he himself played in her origins. But can he find her in time to stop the killing, and to save her from herself? A young man returns to his rich family's estate after a stay in a mental hospital. He finds that his father has married his deceased wife's nurse, who is secretly plotting with her lover A former assassin tries to redeem himself by becoming a masked highwayman in Colonial America. Ten strangers are invited as weekend guests to a remote mountain mansion.When the host doesn't show up, the guests start dying, one by one, in uniquely macabre Agatha Christie-style.It is based on Christie's best-selling novel with 100 million sales to date, making it the world's best-selling mystery ever, and one of the most-printed books of all time. Ava is recovering from demonic possession. With no memory of the past month, she must attend a Spirit Possessions Anonymous support group to figure out what happened. Ava's life was hijacked by a demon, now it's time to get it back. A sequel to the 2013 horror comedy. A common man fights corruption and injustice. In the town of Harbor Bridge, it is said that when someone dies, his last breath stays in his throat. When the head is severed, that last breath can be taken by another, and the recipient becomes stronger. Narcissa Sentinel has been robbing graves to cure her illness with these last breaths but soon realizes that perhaps fresher specimens are in order. When a colossal tectonic shift causes the sea level to start rising, a microbiologist gathers the DNA of as many species as she can, while the military creates an "ark" in a desperate attempt to preserve life on Earth. A young man and his lookalike team up to fight injustice and settle their personal scores with the evildoers. Raphael, a young executive who is on the verge of losing a multimillion dollar architectural deal with a large distribution company lead by the awkward Stanford(s). Raphael suffers a sudden death in his family and has to immediately leave to go to the funeral in his home town of Metzburgh. Seeing this as his big chance to get ahead is Wayne, a jealous co-worker who is in competition with Raphael. As Raphael returns to Metzburgh, he experiences a life changing event: witnessing a Grim Reaper taking a soul. This sighting results in Raphael becoming a Reaper and having to explore his own conscience and the lengths he will go to get his own life back. But Death, has other plans for the naive young executive. A man named Jake Weaver stumbles across an old Jailakung board which he played around with not knowing it would open up the gates of hell. A demonic force latches onto him and takes over his mind slowly, making the good part of him rot away. Almost like a possession by a demon. Only this demon called itself Jengo Hooper.  Expect some seriously mentally disturbing scenes, car chases, hot women, explosions, decapitated body parts and cannibalism. Time is ticking for captain Jackson Elis as he interrogates a mysterious man with ties to an unnamed bioterrorist group holding a team of B.S.A.A. operatives hostage. Foxtrot team is sent in to rescue the hostages through the zombie infested Red Falls. Is there any hope for the B.S.A.A. hostages? A wise-ass on delivery detail ends up on the wrong side of the mob. An ex-Royal Marine Commando uncovers evidence that could bring down a corrupt official and put him behind bars for life. When his childhood sweetheart is kidnapped, his mission is to rescue her and let nothing stand in his way. Ex-government operative Bryan Mills finds his life is shattered when he's falsely accused of a murder that hits close to home. As he's pursued by a savvy police inspector, Mills employs his particular set of skills to track the real killer and exact his unique brand of justice. Zombie Hunter is set in a post-apocalyptic Zombie wasteland caused by the mysterious street drug "Natas". We follow one man who has nothing left other than a beat up Camaro and a trunk full of guns and booze. He runs down Flesh Eaters, hunting for sport and redemption, while also running from his past. After crashing into a small group of survivors, who are running low on resources, he decides to lend a hand. But a surprise attack by the Flesh Eaters forces them on the run and puts the Hunter's skills to the test. A young man (Shaheizy Sam) is found guilty of a crime he did not commit and he has 8 hours to find out the truth and prove his innocence. The story takes place in the late 18th century of Joseon Dynasty (1392-1910), during the last years of King Yeongjo's reign. Ice is a commodity more valuable than gold. Blocks of it are harvested from frozen rivers in winter, put in royal storage and distributed or sold throughout the year for general consumption. When corrupt officials conspire to form a monopoly and fix its price, a gang of 11 professionals is formed to stop the scheme -- and to do that they must make all the royal ice blocks in five storage rooms disappear for a night. A unique portrayal of two young amateur actresses embarking on a journey that will forever change their lives as they star in the most eagerly anticipated new show of 2018, Elena Ferrante's My Brilliant Friend. CIA special operations team Silent Echo is tasked with uncovering Turkmen President Dmytryk's invasion plans for Iran. Team member 'Grip' struggles to come to terms with guilt from the loss of his closest friend 'Shadow'. An enormous dragon-shaped warship decimates a city with plasma beams and giant robotic arms. Its target is the Mantel Plan, a network unifying the world's energy resources. As the sinister ship heads for its next target a team of specialists rise to the rescue: the Gatchaman. Piloting their ship, the Phoenix, the Gatchaman launch a counterattack. Once inside the enemy ship they come face to face with the Galactor's entire army of assassins. Locked up for a minor crime, 19 year old JR quickly learns the harsh realities of prison life. Protection, if you can get it, is paramount. JR soon finds himself under the watchful eye of Australia's most notorious criminal, Brendan Lynch, but protection comes at a price. After a terrible air disaster, survivor Max Klein emerges a changed person. Unable to connect to his former life or to wife Laura, he feels godlike and invulnerable. When psychologist Bill Perlman is unable to help Max, he has Max meet another survivor, Carla Rodrigo, who is racked with grief and guilt since her baby died in the crash which she and Max survived. After witnessing her Daddy's tragic death in the ring Charlie sets out to become a wrestler in his memory. The only things stopping her are a disapproving boyfriend, an overwhelming day job, and her corporate psycho boss - whose dodgy business practices threaten to unleash hordes of brain eating wrestling-monsters on the earth! Faced with a wrestle-pocalypse Charlie has no choice but to open up a can of whoop-ass and take these monstrous Jabronis for a stroll down smack down boulevard! From the director of the international cult film MURDERDROME comes FROM PARTS UNKNOWN: FIGHT LIKE A GIRL. The story of a young girl wrestling with life's issues - and some brain eating wrestle-monsters. After a 20 year stay at an asylum for a double murder, a mother returns to her estranged daughter where suspicions arise about her behaviour. Fight everyone and trust no one: it's the code of survival practiced by martial-arts master Casey Bowman after his life of domestic bliss is shattered by a savage act of violence. Vowing revenge, the fearless American stealthily tracks the killer from Osaka to Bangkok to Rangoon with the help of a wise and crafty sensei. His only clues: a series of victims whose necks bear the distinctive mark of strangulation by barbed wire. Fighting to avenge as well as to survive, Casey must sharpen his razor-like responses and take his battle skills to the next level, even using deep meditation to fake his own death. His target: the sinister drug lord Goro, who is flooding the streets with deadly meth cooked at his remote jungle factory. To prepare for his ultimate confrontation, Casey must finally become an invisible warrior worthy of the name Ninja. But just when his prey is cornered, an unexpected twist shows Casey that his battle is only beginning: he truly can trust no one. F. Scott Fitzgerald's novel is brought to life in this story of a movie producer slowly working himself to death. This making-of piece looks at the genesis of this project and how Singer wanted to reunite the original cast again. An ex-soldier and her prisoner traverse enemy territory to find the location that holds the key to saving them and the country. An unmarried 40-year-old woman turns to a turkey baster in order to become pregnant. Seven years later, she reunites with her best friend, who has been living with a secret: he replaced her preferred sperm sample with his own. Six would-be thieves enter a prestigious dance competition as a cover for their larger goal of pulling off a major heist When Peru's Biggest Action Film Star and Jordan's newest rising talent find themselves pursued by a notorious Bookie, a couple of private investigators are forced to choose between their job and their conscience. Four men are each looking for a way out. Their fates collide one night. The Popes are a family who haven't been able to use their real identity for years. In the late sixties, the parents set a weapons lab afire in an effort to hinder the government's Vietnam war campaign. Ever since then, the Popes have been on the run with the authorities never far behind. Helen Keller vs. Nightwolves tells the shocking story of how a group of Nightwolves terrorized a tiny village taking people's hearing and eye sight... and the one woman who fought back. A traumatized, alcoholic Dan Torrance meets Abra, a kid who also has the ability to "shine." He tries to protect her from the True Knot, a cult whose goal is to feed off of people like them in order to remain immortal. A small group of survivors are left behind after millions of people suddenly vanish during the rapture and the world is plunged into chaos and destruction. On the day the 15-year statute of limitations expired on a high profile serial murder case that claimed the lives of 10 women, a family member of the victim throws himself off the building in front of Choi Hyeong-goo, the detective in charge of the case. Two years later, a man called Lee Doo-seok publishes a book titled "I am the Murderer" claiming responsibility for the murders that took place 17 years ago. His book becomes a bestseller because of the author's charming looks and his vivid depiction of the crime. The detective and the self-proclaimed murderer meet face to face on a television debate show. Believing that Lee is nothing but a con artist, Detective Choi renews his search for the ultimate truth. Then another man appears suddenly, claiming he is the real killer. An aging criminal is double crossed by his partner and sentenced to 15 years in prison. After escaping he seeks revenge. Manasa falls in love with Jai in Italy. She tells him that her family members have a notorious background of being ruthless factionists from Palnadu area. Jai has the philosophy of peace and lifestyle of love. He feels that one can conquer the world with love, not by war. He goes to the village of Manasa on some other pretext and changes the attitude of the factionists. The rest of the story is all about the background of Jai and how he became peace-propagating man.  The Name of the Game is a feature-length documentary about the team up between the legendary arcade game designer, Eugene Jarvis, and the Finnish game developer, Housemarque. The end result of the collaboration was the critically acclaimed PS4/PC title Nex Machina. The film gives the audience an unprecedented access to the unpredictable and plain crazy world of making a video game - uncensored. A documentary crew follows an elite unit of soldiers in the wake of an alien invasion. Set after the events of Continental Drift, Scrat's epic pursuit of his elusive acorn catapults him outside of Earth, where he accidentally sets off a series of cosmic events that transform and threaten the planet. To save themselves from peril, Manny, Sid, Diego, and the rest of the herd leave their home and embark on a quest full of thrills and spills, highs and lows, laughter and adventure while traveling to exotic new lands and encountering a host of colorful new characters. The story of the daring romance Solovyov Sevastyanov G., ctupivshem by the call of blood on the path of the valiant Russian robbery. And while the security forces led by a secret agent trying to close H7 gang Nightingale the Robber, he, with his drive and mischief, restores fairness in my native land. But sooner or later every "Tale" comes to an end ... European Surf Journal is a great new surf film all about surfing in Europe. There are many rarely filmed locations. This film features the best waves and surfers from 10 European countries. Its world premiere was in Lisbon June 2012 receiving a standing ovation at the end of the screening before a packed cinema audience of 300 people. A group of teenage cadets sheltered from war at the Virginia Military Institute must confront the horrors of an adult world when they are called upon to defend the Shenandoah Valley. The film begins with his capture by Philippine and US forces under Frederick Funston's command in 1901, then flashes back to 1886, when an old woman gives Aguinaldo and his childhood friend Candido Tirona cryptic prophecies. Ten years later, Aguinaldo is inducted into the Katipunan and later assumes leadership of its Cavite chapter while becoming mayor of Cavite El Viejo. When the trouble breaks out in Manila in late August 1896, Aguinaldo tries to assure the Spanish provincial government of non-interference and covertly marshals his forces despite a lack of weapons. Learning that the Spanish mostly put their forces in Manila, Aguinaldo finally mobilizes his troops and take the command of the Katipunan forces in Cavite  A kitten who is being tormented by a bulldog finds a savior in a black cat (from the "Black Cat Bad Luck Company") who merely has to cross the dog's path for something very unlucky to happen to the bully. Dora is a neglected girl, who dreams about becoming a football manager. Suddenly, her outlaw father enters her life and they build a close relationship. Ives, a soap opera director, nurses her father who suffers from Alzheimer's. As she loses him, she gradually loses the ground beneath her feet. Natasa, successful producer, is pregnant. When things go awry for her, she decides to confront her estranged father. Three daughters battle for acceptance, redemption and new opportunities. High school senior Tara is so painfully shy that she dreads speaking to anyone in the hallways or getting called on in class. But in the privacy of her bedroom with her iPod in hand, she rocks out -- doing mock broadcasts for Miami's hottest FM radio station, which happens to be owned by her stepfather. When a slot opens up at The SLAM, Tara surprises herself by blossoming behind the mike into confident, "Radio Rebel" -- and to everyone's shock, she's a hit! The table read of Star Wars VII Affable hit man Melvin Smiley is constantly being scammed by his cutthroat colleagues in the life-ending business. So, when he and his fellow assassins kidnap the daughter of an electronics mogul, it's naturally Melvin who takes the fall when their prime score turns sour. That's because the girl is the goddaughter of the gang's ruthless crime boss. But, even while dodging bullets, Melvin has to keep his real job secret from his unsuspecting fiancee, Pam. When the Fist found a mystical gold fleece jacket, he became the biggest porn star of the 1970s. But in the '80s, he's on the cusp of eviction from a run-down studio apartment, having lost his gold fleece and his mojo along with it. When a local street thug named Superfly enters the diner where Fist works, robbing his customers, Fist and friends fight back. And thus begins a wild adventure, as Superfly's bosses come to collect from Fist, sending him on a journey that unravels a conspiracy to sell meat pumped full of estrogen, which threatens to emasculate men. A mysterious virus hits an isolated elementary school, transforming the kids into a feral swarm of mass savages. An unlikely hero must lead a motley band of teachers in the fight of their lives. In 2039, jails have been turned into online portals where the public gets to choose what prisoners eat, wear, watch and who they fight. So successful is Panopticon TV, it is about to be rolled out to a whole town, providing subscribers even more choice. When an evil emperor executes their leader, his band of knights - bound by duty and honour - embarks on a journey of vengeance that will not come to an end until they've destroyed their mortal foe. In postwar Hong Kong, legendary Wing Chun grandmaster Ip Man is reluctantly called into action once more, when what begin as simple challenges from rival kung fu styles soon draw him into the dark and dangerous underworld of the Triads. Now, to defend life and honor, he has no choice but to fight one last time...  In the frenetic underbelly of Los Angeles, Agent Maxwell closes in on an international cocaine smuggling operation run by criminal mastermind Vincent Camastra. When Agent Beverly Royce goes undercover with the drug dealers and finds herself deeper then she can handle - the case becomes personal for Maxwell who has to combat ruthless killers and dirty cops in an all-out action filled finale to bring the criminals to justice. Abbas Ali (Abhishek Bachchan) lives in Chandni Chowk, New Delhi with his sister Sania (Asin Thottumkal). They are legally fighting for an ancestral property-- land case. But the odds turn against them and they lose. Their well wisher, Shastri Chacha, advises and convinces them to migrate to his village Ranakpur where he assures Abbas that he will get him a job at his owner's place. The owner being none other than the powerful Prithviraj Raghuvanshi (Ajay Devgn). Abbas enters Ranakpur village and while saving a child trapped inside a temple, he breaks open the lock of an ancestral temple but fate plays an important twist in Abbas' life as the whole village including Prithviraj's step-brother Vikrant opposes Abbas' actions but Prithviraj arrives and handles the situation. On the verge of depression following the murder of his father, Cory, a nervous, guilt-ridden 12-year-old "altar boy", is coaxed by his adventurous best friend, Ben, to prove their manhood by embarking on their first overnight fishing trip out in the wild on the Mississippi Bayou's Wolf River; but their trip goes awry when the hapless "altar boys" become targets of a mob hit in progress by a cold-blooded assassin who is determined to collect on a gambling debt. A boy is adopted by his grandfather after his parents are murdered. He grows up to be an actor to honor a promise to his dying grandfather that he would perform in a play in his native village. The performance leads him to his parents' murderers. Filmmaker Byron Q. takes an unflinching look into the life Vanna "Lazy" Fut, a former member of the Tiny Raskal Gang, who went from gangbanger to inspirational mentor for the next generation. The bonds of brotherhood, the laws of loyalty, and the futility of violence in the shadows of the US Mexico border gang wars. In a world where clone soldiers from three military tribes are locked in a perpetual battle of air, land and technology, one clone is separated from the battle and finds herself on the run with a group of unlikely companions. A documentary about graffiti artists in the capital of China. On her wedding night, Jade wakes up holding the hand of her dead husband after she narrowly survived a murder attempt by the criminal family she fled from only weeks before. After pawning her wedding ring for a 357 Magnum she tries to kill a member of the family and botches the attempt. However, a Vietnam Veteran "The Hammer", comes to her aid and finishes the kill, saving her life. Over the next year, Hammer trains her to be a methodical assassin and on her wedding anniversary each member of the family will pay for their sins as she hunts them down with six bullets marked for revenge. What if the Earth/Mars battle from H.G. Wells' classic novel The War of the Worlds wasn't fiction but actually fact? Like the famous 1938 Orson Welles radio broadcast that caused Americans to believe an actual invasion was in progress, the movie assumes an Earth/Mars War in 1900 actually occurred and is presented as the first hand memoir of journalist Bertie Wells, the last living survivor as he struggles to find his wife amidst the destruction of humankind at the hands of terrifying alien invaders. They are the world's biggest rapids, thundering down the final pitch of the mighty Congo River. Legendary kayaker Steve Fisher and his elite expedition team battle seemingly insurmountable obstacles, navigate the maddening politics of a broken Central African country and face their own worst fears in an attempt to be the first explorers to survive the Inga Rapids. Quinn Forte had it all: power, money, a brother who idolized him, and a woman who loved him. He also had enemies. In the course of one night, he loses everything. Betrayed by someone in his inner circle, Quinn is set up and arrested. His father, the patriarch of the criminal empire is killed and his brother suspects that Quinn is behind it all. When he's released from jail he tries to escape the demons from his past, but that becomes an impossible task. Campbell, the ruthless new leader of "The Company" won't let him leave in peace. So instead of escaping them, Quinn fights back. He joins forces with his former henchman and friend, The Swede, and takes on his enemies head on. The trio of Dharam, Paramveer and Gajodhar reunite, this time in the UK. Paramveer opens up the 'Yamla Pagla Deewana' club and re-encounters a visit with Dharam and Gajodhar, after their last visit to Canada. Now, the trio are back with double the fun, double the action, and double the romance, with Suman and Paramveer's love Reet. As five underworld heavies settle in for an all night stay at an abandoned warehouse and former film studio, a series of bizarre and unsettling occurrences quickly lead them to believe they are not alone. It was supposed to be a simple night of babysitting a single hostage, but when a series of numbers began to appear on the walls things soon took a dark turn. Later, after the hostage escapes, the perplexed thugs not only learn that there is a rat in the ranks, but also discover the unsettling nature of the films that were shot in the warehouse. Now, as terror takes hold, the thieves are about to discover that they are being stalked from the shadows and that their odds of living to see daybreak are shrinking with each passing minute.Written by Jason Buchanan, All Movie Guide While she fights a heroic battle against the Spanish besieger with her female army, Kenau, driven by hate and sorrow of the execution of her youngest daughter, is threatened to also lose her eldest daughter, because her fear and pain are covered by her stubborn closeness. An inexplicable archeological find leads Dr. Peter Kenner to conclude that we are not alone, aliens have visited the Earth in the distant past and have now returned. Struggling to reconcile the evidence with his once held religious views, Peter turns to his uncle, Josh Sanders, a retired scientist and a man of strong Christian faith. Meanwhile, Sarah Pennington seeks protection for her young daughter, Kara, believing the extraterrestrials are bent on abducting the gifted nine-year-old as they did Sarah's husband three years earlier. When the four are brought together by Ethan, a mysterious stranger, Peter and Sarah wrestle with their own beliefs as Josh seeks to convince them of the truth. It becomes clear that Kara has a very special gift-one that can expose the true nature of the extraterrestrials. 19-year-old Billy Lynn is brought home for a victory tour after a harrowing Iraq battle. Through flashbacks the film shows what really happened to his squad - contrasting the realities of war with America's perceptions. Eight years after fleeing the Congo following his assassination of that country's minister of mining, former assassin Jim Terrier is back, suffering from PTSD and digging wells to atone for his violent past. After an attempt is made on his life, Terrier flies to London to find out who wants him dead -- and why. Terrier's search leads him to a reunion with Annie, a woman he once loved, who is now married to an oily businessman with dealings in Africa. Two employees at a gift shop can barely stand one another, without realising that they are falling in love through the post as each other's anonymous pen pal. Sam wants to live a normal happy life with his girlfriend and soon-to-be wife Lisa. However, Lisa is desired by many, among which includes a mentally disturbed guy named Haikal. Their nightmare begins when Haikal makes a decision to kidnap both Sam and Lisa to take revenge for her rejection towards him. Will Sam and Lisa survive their ordeal? Pre-YouTube shot-on-video VHS analog chaos! In 1991, while Grunge Rock & Twin Peaks made the Pacific NW hip, Kelly Hughes did his best to make it trashy. Artistically ruined by an early exposure to the films of John Waters, Hughes churned out a sleazy body of work on his weekly suspense anthology Heart Attack Theatre on Seattle's public access TV. Features clips & actor interviews. When an energy experiment goes haywire, a rash of massive hurricanes rips across North America. A high school science teacher must get his family to safety before the hurricanes merge, creating a "hypercane" with the power to wipe the US off the map. Using breakthrough flesh-regeneration technology, a biotech firm creates a set of living dinosaurs. But when the creatures escape their museum exhibit and terrorize Los Angeles, a former firefighter must rescue his teenage daughter from the chaos brought on by the Age of Dinosaurs A humble housewife becomes an assassin for money, gaining self-confidence and rebuilding her life.  During the 1980s, a failed stand-up comedian is driven insane and turns to a life of crime and chaos in Gotham City while becoming an infamous psychopathic crime figure. Uber MMA fighter manager Ivy Reed (B-movie action star of the '80s and '90s Cynthia Rothrock) is unique as a woman in a male-dominated field, using a special formula to find her champion fighters. Though her trainer Jimmy doesn't see eye to eye with her, he nevertheless works with her latest crop of "auditionees," Dustin, Connor, Tyler, Hunter and Mason, to see which will have the career making boost of being managed by Ivy. Written by agm.scans.69@comcast.net An English mother and her teenage son spend a week preparing the sale of their remote holiday house in the South of France. Fifteen-year-old Elliot struggles with his dawning sexuality and an increasing alienation from his mother, Beatrice. She in turn is confronted by the realisation that her marriage to his father, Philip, has grown loveless and the life she knows is coming to an end. When an enigmatic local teenager, Clement, quietly enters their lives, both mother and son are compelled to confront their desires and, finally, each other. Eddie is a very rich man who has everything he wants; money, family, success. But a car crash is all that needs to make him reconsider the life he leads. Searching for the happiness he lost, he remembers his one time lover, Gwen. Meanwhile his wife conspires to take his fortune. Yves Montmayeur takes Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon as the starting point for his study of the new female warrior in Asian pop culture. From Beijing to Tokyo and Taiwan, he went to meet with the most iconic muses of this new trend, including Michelle Yeoh, Zhang Ziyi, Shu Qi, and Asami. Doron, a security operative, who takes on one last mission: to capture, number 3 in the terrorist organization of Hezbollah, in Lebanon. With an elite force, Doron enters Lebanon to complete his last mission. Very soon he discovers that reality is not so simple, and that a new and unknown enemy is to be dealt with - and Hezbollah are the last thing on his mind. Doron has to deal with a ticking clock in the form of extensive I.D.F attack and a bloodthirsty enemy, Now that their enemy has changed its face, it's up to him and his unit to wage a new war, a different war, to find an antidote, get back across the border, before the middle east conflict is changed forever. Rey develops her newly discovered abilities with the guidance of Luke Skywalker, who is unsettled by the strength of her powers. Meanwhile, the Resistance prepares to do battle with the First Order. After hit movie Shikaar, director Padmakumar's next titled as Thiruvambadi Thamban. S.Sureshbabu, the writer of Shikaar will penned for Thiruvambady Thamban. Jayaram and Haripriya play the lead roles . Tollywood actor Kishore is doing as villain and Myna fame Thambi Durai plays a vital role. Jagathy Sreekumar, Kalabhavan Mani, Nedumudi Venu also includes the cast. Thiruvambady Thamban is being produced by Alexander John under the banner of Jini Cinema. Cinematography is by Manoj Pillai, Ouseppachan will scored music and art section handled by Manu Jagath. A tale of an innocent woman who unravels horrible truths while in search of her long lost sister in the city. After returning from a wedding reception, a couple staying in an isolated vacation house receive a knock on the door in the mid-hours of the night. What ensues is a violent invasion by three strangers, their faces hidden behind masks. The couple find themselves in a violent struggle, in which they go beyond what either of them thought capable in order to survive.  The story begins with the establishment of the three different worlds apart, bound to meet for an adventure like no other. The humble family-oriented story of Enteng Kabisote, a low-profile technician married to the beautiful fairy princesss of Encantasia, Faye; The battles of the Agimat, the brave village Warrior Hero of Amuleto; and the high tech-yuppie Kingdom of Diwatara ruled by Princess Angelina Kalinisan-Orteza, also known in the world as "AKO" where she leads an environmental advocacy organization. A veteran, Joe Hilton (Warren Douglas), returns from the war to find that his brother Jeffrey Hilton (George Meeker), a gangster, has been killed. His quest for revenge leads him to take over his brother's illegal operations but his sweetheart, Lynn Turner (Ramsay Ames), persuades him to change his ways and return to the straight and narrow. Action - Nigeria is a hub for human trafficking. Victims are transported to 33 countries, mostly as part of the $100 billion dollar sex trade. The documentary underlines the human costs behind the statistics. Its tender, devastating interviews, reveal an all-too-common tale: African women turned prostitutes spend years paying off their trafficking debt in Europe. Few ever escape the shackles of their nightmarish ordeals. -  Amanda Donohoe, Om Puri, Vithaya Pansringarm Assigned to protect a small town in Vietnam, Dao arrives to fight against the crime boss; but soon his past catches up with him, threatening to destroy the cherished village. When an attack on the Kingsman headquarters takes place and a new villain rises, Eggsy and Merlin are forced to work together with the American agency known as the Statesman to save the world. On the run after accidentally shipping nuclear fusion triggers to Malawi, two AWOL soldiers are mistaken as war heroes and dragged into the politics of a small town. This is how the US Marine Corps turns raw recruits into certified members of world's most lethal fighting machine. Barry is a talented mechanic and family man whose life is torn apart on the eve of a zombie apocalypse. His sister, Brooke, is kidnapped by a sinister team of gas-mask wearing soldiers & experimented on by a psychotic doctor. While Brooke plans her escape Barry goes out on the road to find her & teams up with Benny, a fellow survivor - together they must arm themselves and prepare to battle their way through hordes of flesh-eating monsters in a harsh Australian bushland. Aiden craves a better life. A life away from his gruesome job as a crime scene photographer, working alongside his detective friend Pete. A meaningful life where he can escape the hard streets of Detroit, fall in love with the perfect woman and save the world from evil. As Aiden's dark imagination starts to leak into reality, he meets Virginia, a younger woman with her own dilemmas and desires. After freak climate and weather events destroy the world around them, a group of rogue scientists attempt to reverse the deadly new ice age. Shake, Rattle and Roll 14 : The Invasion is a 2012 science fiction horror film directed by Chito S. Rono. The film stars an ensemble casts including Janice de Belen, Herbert Bautista, Dennis Trillo, Lovi Poe, Paulo Avelino, Martin Escudero and Vhong Navarro.  The film was produced by Regal Entertainment, Inc. The film is an official entry in the Metro Manila Film Festival and the film's scheduled release is on December 25, 2012 in Philippine Cinemas nationwide. This fourteenth installment also serves as the Most Independent throughout the entire series for its sole director, Chito S. Rono.  This Installment features the comeback of Janice de Belen and Herbert Bautista which both starred in past Shake, Rattle and Roll installments, especially Shake, Rattle and Roll I which included both of them but in different episodes. A young woman, Aliya, catches the lustful eyes of several powerful men and is thrust against her will into a vast criminal ocean. As passion, violence, and turmoil swirl around her, she finds herself on the brink of death, and only her true love can rescue her. Seven high-school friends begin their Euro-trip at the actual castle of Vlad the Impaler where he supposedly sold his soul to the devil over 500 years earlier, but the decrepit castle's past envelopes them in a bloody ritual. Jessica and Dave along with three other young couples are kidnapped in Griffith Park by unseen Abductors and must fight to escape certain death only to discover the world will never be the same. The spear signifies political power, the arrow personal ambition. What happens when the two collide? Katelin Ballantine, a struggling movie producer in search of an investor, reluctantly follows the promise of money into Dublin's drug underworld where she witnesses a botched murder attempt. Forced to finish the job, she is blackmailed into killing for Edmund Murren, a small time, ruthless drug supplier hell bent on becoming top dog. Two years later, Katelin has put a who's who list of drug bosses six feet under and uses her producer role to maintain a low profile. But, when a seemingly simple job unexpectedly spirals out of control, and her identity becomes known to Murren's remaining ambitious and vengeful rivals, she is cut loose. Now the target, and with family in the line of fire, Katelin must adapt to survive the onslaught of the drug underworld as the thin veil masking her double life slips away. The small city of Tarker's Mill is startled by a series of sadistic murders. The population fears that this is the work of a maniac. During a search a mysterious, hairy creature is observed. This strange appearance is noticed once a month. People lock themselves up at night, but there's one boy who's still outside, he's preparing the barbecue. A commercial. Four men sit in animated conversation in front of a billboard for Admiral Cigarettes. The billboard fills the entire background After losing his memory in a traumatic accident, a government agent, Ian Tesh, must reconnect with his family and track down a criminal who is infiltrating the government intelligence agency. A woman awakes after a savage attack orchestrated by her former lover to discover that she has severe amnesia. She must elude the assailants before they can finish her off. A painter, a fighter, both artists in their own way. Brother and sister, forced to flee their home, arrive at Seattle inside a shipping container. Trying to make their way in a new world the pair struggle to survive. Until, one day, an art dealer takes an interest in the sister's painting, and the pair find themselves living a dream come true. The sister loses herself in painting, and the brother seizes the opportunity to express himself, as a fighter. But it really is all just a dream. Conned by her patron into forging a Van Gogh. Purchased by a ruthless criminal with a passion for fine art. The brother and sister soon find themselves embroiled in Seattle's criminal underworld and a Brush With Danger. Waking in a hospital, bruised and beaten, a young man struggles to piece together the events of a horrifying weekend. Amid flashes of relaxing with friends, the image of a killer begins to emerge - creeping ever closer. Somewhere within his memories and the madness lies the key to the killer's identity, which, once discovered, may be more horrific than the murders themselves. Set in rural southern Louisiana Jake's Road is a tale of family and how one moment can rip loved ones apart or bind them forever. With enough twists and turns to keep viewers guessing until the very end, we discover what drives a man to kill all that he loves and fight for all that he has. A special operations unit races to find and prevent the construction of a devastating micro nuclear device created by a group of radical mercenaries whose political beliefs blur the line between terrorist and revolutionary. A corrupt planetary federation...  The ultimate weapon of destruction....  One starship captain stands between them....and intergalactic armageddon.  STARSHIP: RISING - RISE UP OR DIE  In the distant future, an immortal bionic leader, the product of genetic engineering, has ruled over the universe for 200 years. An uprising is being staged by those preserving natural birth. The Queen is an intimate behind the scenes glimpse at the interaction between HM Elizabeth II and Prime Minister Tony Blair during their struggle, following the death of Diana, to reach a compromise between what was a private tragedy for the Royal family and the public's demand for an overt display of mourning. A babysitting uncle tells his charges three horror stories--about a killer witch, Little Red Riding Hood and a werewolf, and a story about "Goldi Lox" and the three bears. The movie features Ash and his two friends Iris and Cilan, as they help a Keldeo battle against a powerful Dragon-type Pokemon named Kyurem as his test to become a Sacred Swordsman. Special Agent Nikolo Wallace (Troy N. Ashford) has had a long, hard and dangerous career....Bringing down some of the worst criminals known to society. Now he wants out, but is pressured to take on one last deadly assignment. A string of gruesome murders has paralyzed his hometown, the cosmopolitan city of Atlanta, Georgia. Where a madman is decapitating his victims and dumping them in gang territory. The case takes a dramatic turn when two federal undercover agents meet the same fate. Joined by his mentor, Master Lee (Fred "The Hammer" Williamson) and his twin brother Nehemiah (Troy N. Ashford), they tread where even the toughest gang members refuse to venture. Into a lethal game that draws in everyone close to him, including the woman he loves, and unveils horrific revelations about his past. A common man who transforms into a gangster revolts against the very system he once obediently followed by declaring war on the police, the government, and the industrialists. 6 part behind the scenes feature on making 'Silent Hill'. Marco is a model student and leader of a group of guys who are adrift. He hides a terrible secret: he's a champion in clandestine fights managed by a cruel trafficker. The quest to find the Paddle Pop gems continues... A giant beanstalk brings Jack to a land in the clouds filled with snarling, evil beasts. When the creatures make their way to the ground, Jack must figure out how to get back down before they destroy earth and everyone in it. The Gokaigers were captured by the Zangyack remnants after departing to the Zangyack homeworld to destroy the empire once and for all. The Gokaigers, now working for the newly reformed Zangyack empire, return to Earth with a black Gokai Galleon and attack the Go-Busters in search of five phantom Ranger Keys which will unlock the "Greatest Power in the Universe". During the fight with the Gokaigers, the Go-Busters are able capture Navi, who tells them that the Zangyack are also working with Vaglass and that they must go back in time to save the other members of the Super Sentai Teams and defeat the alliance of Zangyack and Vaglass. A mix-up with a security card causes a malevolent building to try and kill an employee on his first day at work. Each year, 60,000 people from around the globe gather in a dusty windswept Nevada desert to build a temporary city, collaborating on large-scale art and partying for a week before burning a giant effigy in a ritual frenzy. Spark takes a peek behind the curtain with Burning Man organizers and participants, revealing a year of unprecedented challenges and growth. The film's plot is set in the backdrop of 26/11 serial blasts in Mumbai, and revolves around Ashok Kumar (Ajith), who is on a mission to expose a scam regarding faulty bullet proof jackets that are provided to security forces, which resulted in many bloody deaths including his best friend and colleague, Assistant Commissioner Sanjay (Rana). Two women, one from the United States and one from the United Kingdom, swap homes at Christmastime after bad breakups with their boyfriends. Each woman finds romance with a local man but realizes that the imminent return home may end the relationship. Sam &amp; Fordy run a credit card fraud scheme, but when they steal from the wrong man, they find themselves threatened by sadistic gangster. They need to raise PS5m and pull off a daring diamond heist to clear their debt. The true story of Richard Kuklinski, the notorious contract killer and family man. It has been ten years since The Battle of the Breach and the oceans are still, but restless. Vindicated by the victory at the Breach, the Jaeger program has evolved into the most powerful global defense force in human history. The PPDC now calls upon the best and brightest to rise up and become the next generation of heroes when the Kaiju threat returns. After Using the instructions found in an old Jewish diary,  Markus and Thomas hope to gain access to a WW II underground military base formerly codenamed: Cerusit. It was used by the Nazis as a secret research institute and is shrouded in rumors to this day about the lost gold of the Third Reich. The entrance to the cave system, however, lies right within the restricted area of a U.S. military base.. the first of many problems Markus and Thomas will have to face. When a passenger ship sinks, a ship's officer must decide which passengers in an overcrowded lifeboat must be sacrificed so the rest can survive an approaching typhoon. A politically incorrect comedy that enthralls the viewer into a strategic moment in history where wrong is right and right is wrong, and ultimately answers that age-old question: Is blood really thicker than water? And, if war kills, can weed heal?! An eclectic group of passengers travelling from Delhi to Mumbai aboard the Rajdhani Express has to deal with an unexpected situation. Five friends on a small airplane mysteriously lose their radio connection on a trip from New York to LA. As they continue their flight, they're forced to assume that a major disaster happened on the ground. They discover a stowaway, Erik, who urges them not to land at any cost. Before they run out of fuel, they must find out the truth. The brother of a local law minister, who is out on parole and should be back in custody in the next six days, goes missing. When he doesn't show up on the sixth day, the opposition party blames the law minister for keeping his brother in hiding, and therefore, resulting in his immediate arrest. Meanwhile, the missing brother resurfaces and wants to avenge his captor but he doesn't have a clue about his identity or whereabouts. At a time when nations are warring, a sword with mysterious power called "Heaven's Sword" is stolen. The sword is said to give its wielder the power to conquer the world. Various ninja all over Dokutake Castle and beyond also manuevering for this sword of immense power. Rantaro and his classmates are assigned to retrieve the stolen sword, their first real ninja mission. Moments after parachuting from Flight 777, a former Marine and a flight attendant find themselves descending into a world of madness. Panic and chaos plague the streets, cities are on fire, and they're being hunted by a team of mercenaries. Updating "Thriller" for the "Twilight" generation, "Nowhere Left to Run" is a blood, sweat and scream-soaked vampire spectacular soundtracked by songs from McFly's latest album, Above the Noise, including huge, hit singles "Party Girl" and Taio Cruz collaboration "Shine a Light". Fun, frightening and fast-paced, glossily-produced and featuring gorgeous female fans with fangs, this is McFly as even their mothers would be scared to see them. The 30 minute film follows the boys from a daytime TV sofa to an isolated mansion where they try to ensure the future of McFly by taking their shirts off and plotting to murder one of their members. Malta, the late 1300s. Five soldiers are returning home from battle. Hungry and exhausted, they stumble upon a fort. What was meant to be a one-night stopover rapidly escalades into a whirlwind of intrigue and an epic sword fight for retribution. Will a beautiful woman change their destiny? Or are they doomed to die in their ever quest to protect their land against invaders? The movie follows the comedic adventure of Timmy "TJ" Jackson &amp; Jackie "YoYo" Chan as they embark on a mission to rescue their landlords home from foreclosure. In the process they discover that no one is who they think they are. Harsha Vardhan is out to avenge his wife's murder. But it will be a tough job when Alexander, the police officer of the city, is very cautious of what is happening around. The short film is a poetic interpretation of the writer's mental journey during the writing process. The writer, played by Bryan Cranston (AMC's Breaking Bad), creates a woman in his mind, played by Lela Edgar, while working on his next script. The rise and fall of gang lord Joe Sante.  A crime boss (Steve Cochran) appears before a Senate subcommittee; flashbacks tell his story. Yaan is a 2014 Tamil film directed by Ravi K. Chandran. The film stars Jiiva and Thulasi Nair in lead roles. A titan of industry is sent to prison after she's caught for insider trading. When she emerges ready to rebrand herself as America's latest sweetheart, not everyone she screwed over is so quick to forgive and forget. Deep underwater in the Marianas Trench an accident results in a devastating Tsunami that destroys the Hawaiian Islands as it continues toward the west coast. Panic ensues all up and down the western coast of North and South America. In an attempt to lessen its impact, scientists launch an underwater explosion that inadvertently makes the tsunami more powerful and focused on Los Angeles. Scientists rush to a solution while the military begins planning for the worst. Los Angeles begins emergency evacuation. Lives and loves are lost even as a brash young grad student comes up with a solution: start the mother of all earthquakes to counter the rushing torrent and raise the continental shelf off the coast of the United States. After a grizzly-bear poacher named Hanaghan kills her fiance and fellow Fish &amp; Wildlife Deptartment officer, Julie Clayton sets out to track the killer down and discover why the FBI is keeping its case secret from her. She is joined in her quest by Rollins, a police detective fresh out of alcohol-dependency rehabilitation. In a world in which Great Britain has become a fascist state, a masked vigilante known only as "V" conducts guerrilla warfare against the oppressive British government. When V rescues a young woman from the secret police, he finds in her an ally with whom he can continue his fight to free the people of Britain. A man travels back in time to fight slavery. A fearless woman fights social injustice; creating a sanctuary for abused women and battling a crooked politician. As part of a fertility research project, a male scientist agrees to carry a pregnancy in his own body. The lives of Calcutta's most powerful Gunday - Bikram and Bala, changes when Nandita enters it. Then a counter-force takes charge and a thriller unfolds. Babli (Ranbir Kapoor) is a street smart car mechanic living in a Delhi orphanage. He is charming and lives life to the fullest. He also steals cars to support his orphanage. He has no sense of right or wrong till he unwittingly hurts the love of his life, Tara (Pallavi Sharda). Babli realizes that there is no right way of doing the wrong thing. Babli sets out to fix all the wrongs in his life and he continues to be shameless about it. After being released from prison, a man known as The Rambler stumbles upon a strange mystery as he attempts a dangerous journey through treacherous back roads and small towns en route to reconnecting with his long lost brother. Jeremy, a local police officer leads a life of a confusing past, spending his current time searching for his kidnapper as a child. After other children begin missing, Jeremy pieces together the truth and realizes that his childhood kidnapper could be a creature of ancient yuletide lore, Krampus, who is the brother of St. Nick, and punisher of children who perform acts of unspeakable evil without repercussion. Can Jeremy kill Krampus and prevent more missing children? A divorced dad and his ex-con brother resort to a desperate scheme in order to save their family's farm in West Texas. Small-town retired sheriff Frank Everly finds his life on the skids after his wife Mary is murdered by the ruthless maniac Vincent Pope. When Pope escapes from prison, Everly comes out of retirement to hunt down Mary's killer. The search for Pope soon turns into a twisted game of cat and mouse. Pumping with heart-racing action, this modern-day western will take the audience on a thrill-ride they won't soon forget. Written by David Lee Rawlings A fatal plane crash changes the lives of Roman and Jake forever. Roman loses his wife and daughter in the accident, while Jake loses his mind--as he happens to be the air traffic controller who failed to avert the nightmare. Rage and revenge engulfs Roman and Jake finds himself swamped with guilt and regret. All Excess is Avenged Sevenfold's first DVD which was released on July 17, 2007. The DVD includes a documentary with footage dating back to 1999, four live performances, along with four music videos, and several out-takes.  The DVD was created to portray how Avenged Sevenfold started in a unique way different from typical mainstream band DVDs. This was done by giving the viewer a look into the thoughts of, the relationships between, and the background of the band. After bungling a real-estate transaction, Dagwood Bumstead (Arthur Lake) is demoted to office boy by his flustered boss Radcliffe (Jerome Cowan).  Number 23 in the long-running Blondie series. The film asks the question would have been triple love. Ferhat and Zeynep is a happily married couple. Karlidag outside of marriage appears happy couple, the first love of life remained in the years ahead will be turned upside down with the introduction of the Euphrates Nazligul again. Zeynep even a night encounter with the former love of her husband Nazligul powdery mildew that can not bear to be separated , and that is the love in his heart can not prevent the re-ignition. Based on the novel Low Company. One of the most peculiar film noirs of the 1940s stars Barry Sullivan as a small-time hood who suffers a mental breakdown as his big plans begin to crumble. Beautiful Belita is the slumming society girlfriend who only fuels his paranoia. In the heart of Saigon, there's a place where promises are still written in blood. Picking up immediately after the events in Resident Evil: Retribution, Alice (Milla Jovovich) is the only survivor of what was meant to be humanity's final stand against the undead. Now, she must return to where the nightmare began - The Hive in Raccoon City, where the Umbrella Corporation is gathering its forces for a final strike against the only remaining survivors of the apocalypse. Susan Applegate, tired of New York after one year and 25 jobs, decides to return to her home town. Discovering she hasn't enough money for the train fare, Susan disguises herself as a 12-year-old and travels for half the price. Caught out by the conductors, she hides in the compartment of Major Philip Kirby, a military school instructor who takes the "child" under his wing. Lockhart: Unleashing the Talisman A man looking for the release of a long-time prisoner takes a police officer, his daughter, and a group of strangers hostage. Lunch Break features 42 workers as they take their midday break in a corridor stretching nearly the entire shipyard.  After their failed attempt to take over the Federation war fleet, John Worthy and General Gustav are sentenced to death but they are rescued by Worthy s girlfriend, Jolli, who has control of a new Starship, The Deliverance. Meanwhile, The Overseer, Ruler of the Federation, wants to enslave the rebellious worlds with an ancient alien Nano-Virus that turns humans into mindless slaves. Starship Deliverance, Worthy and his team are all that stand in the way of total slavery of the entire human race. In an urban Indian city, A struggling actor battles for his career, but his friend who loses money in a scam deal commits an action that puts both of their lives in danger. The three last days before the incident follows the struggling actor, an ambitious filmmaker, a wannabe hustler, an opportunist, a lover and two cinephile thugs, through an inter-twining vignette of their lives. Inspired by a bad fall on a patch of black ice (that ultimately resulted in Brakhage's need for eye surgery), the filmmaker gives us something of a dreamlike descent through the fear and refractions of closed-eye vision regarding such an event. A 60-year-old lumber supply businessman is dismayed to learn his 50-year-old wife is pregnant. A film adaptation of the hit Broadway comedy, with Paul Ford repeating his stage role as the flabbergasted papa-to-be. Armed only with their cameras, Peabody and Emmy Award-winning conflict Journalist Mike Boettcher, and his son, Carlos, provide unprecedented access into the longest war in U.S. history. Documents the lives of a group of bike messengers over a nearly three-year span. This film was made by couriers, about couriers, for a wide general audience. Seagal stars as mob kingpin Mr. Alexander, an old-school boss who rules his criminal empire with both nobility and brutality. For a simple prison hit, he sends his best enforcer and protege Roman Hurst (Foster). When the hit goes wrong, Hurst is forced to pay the price of his failure: banishment in the city that he almost once ruled. But a war is brewing for the soul of the city between Alexander, a cold-blooded gangster known as 'The Iceman" (Rhames) and a merciless Mexican cartel. Hurst, with the help of an ex-con restaurant owner (Trejo) who has a few hidden moves of his own, will rediscover his own will to survive the coming conflict and to wreak vengeance on those who have wronged him. Alex Pandian (Tamil: aleks paannttiynnn) is a Tamil action-masala film directed by Suraj that features Karthi and Anushka Shetty in the lead roles, while Santhanam plays a pivotal supporting role. Devi Sri Prasad composed the music. The film will also be dubbed and simultaneously released in Telugu as Bad Boy. A young British soldier must find his way back to safety after his unit accidentally abandons him during a riot in the streets of Belfast. Vishwas, an aspiring actor, is mistaken for an inspector while dressed for a photo shoot. Documents the efforts of Russian gay rights activists to organise a pride parade in Moscow A mafia don sends his son out of the country because he doesn't want even a shadow of his life falling on him. Destiny wills otherwise. The son makes an innocuous trip to Mumbai to visit his dad. And ends up filling his father's large shoes. Three generations of women who share a strange family tradition: all widowed in extraordinary circumstances; all give birth only to girls. This is the film based on the television series. A street thug with a soft heart and a young, hot-headed former company executive end up as neighbours. As the devoutly single Don Johnston is dumped by his latest girlfriend, he receives an anonymous pink letter informing him that he has a son who may be looking for him. In an abandoned mental institution, doctors carry out secret experiments on unsuspecting patients. The experiments, codenamed Limes, are designed to cure violent episodes within the inmates through new methods of brainwashing and mind manipulation. It is soon discovered by the families of the patients that this is no ordinary hospital. The war has ended. Villages of Bosnian Croats have been destroyed, and they are living in the homes of the Croatian Serbs. An old man, a Bosnian Croat, disappears. A policeman Filip, himself living in a Serbian home, investigates the case uninterestedly. Through the relationship with his father, Filip tries to understand the motives of the missing old man. As the film moves towards the end, Filip's investigation becomes more and more personal. A mad scientist turns himself into a half-man, half-bird monster to avenge the death of his ancestor. It tells the true story of Victorian detective Colin McLaren who posed as a shady art dealer and infiltrated the Australian branch of the Calabrian Mafia. An intelligent 15-year-old high school student is unexpectedly transferred to a boarding school where he opens a portal of monsters from another dimension. An old firm leader returns to Green Street for Revanche after receiving a call that his little brother was killed, but is he able to cope with a new type of hooliganism and can he find his killer? Action - Cold Dark Mirror follows a young Witch-Hunter, Lydia, who stumbles upon the dark secret of the Unseen World; a shadow world of dreams and nightmares which lies just beyond the mirror's edge. A dark and ancient power, the Time Shadow, seeks entry into the corporeal world, a power some on the Alchemic Council are in league with, and whose existence they seek to keep secret above all else. Together with her Cat Familiar Callista, Lydia must face the Shadow Council, and avenge the death of her mentor, the Maegis Acheron -  Sandra DaCosta, Caleigh Le Grand, Daniel Wyse A young lawyer defends a black man accused of murdering two men who raped his 10-year-old daughter, sparking a rebirth of the KKK. Set in the year 2020, Shiori Genbo (Ayame Gouriki) runs the large corporation Funtom. Shiori is also a descendant of prestigious noble family Phantomhive of England. As a descendant of the noble family Phantomhive, Shiori solves difficult cases which are ordered by the queen. In order to take revenge, Shiori makes a deal with Butler Sebastian (Hiro Mizushima). Their deal involves Butler Sebastian protecting Shiori until her revenge is fulfilled and then Sebastian will consume her spirit. RANDOLPH BRIGGS is an ex-cop living in Port of Spain, Trinidad. After being drummed out of the force for unjust reasons he now works as a taxi driver on the grave yard shift.  He's a loner who cruises the streets at night in a city plagued with crime and violence. A serial killer posing as a taxi driver also prowls the city at night stalking young female victims.  Stripped of his official authority but burdened with a need to protect the innocent, Randolph Briggs eventually makes the ultimate decision to follow his instincts and Escape From Babylon. Dan wakes up on a beach with no memory. He discovers an empty city ravaged by a deadly virus. After befriending a small group of survivors it soon becomes clear the army are hunting him down, and the group are forced on a dangerous journey to escape. The young Shivudu is left as a foundling in a small village by his mother. By the time he's grown up, it has become apparent that he possesses exceptional gifts. He meets the beautiful warrior/princess Avanthika and learns that her queen has been held captive for the last 25 years. Shividu sets off to rescue her, discovering his own origins in the process. Still I Strive is a story of transcendence through compassion, unity and hope. At one orphanage in Phnom Penh, Cambodia, the performing arts are the path to healing and transformation. Guided by their matriarch Peng Phan, a renowned actress in her own right, the children aspire to achieve one of the highest honors in Cambodian society, to perform in front of Princess Bopha Devi as a symbol of their culture and heritage. Interspersed throughout the documentary are narrative film sequences featuring the children as actors. Being a police officer in this big-bad city called Mumbai can be quite some task. Mumbai, contrary to the other parts of the country, works on its own unique little philosophy... Two brothers fed up with daily life, quit their blue-collar jobs and with a single-minded determination head off to the paradise promise of Key West! But pool sharks, mermaids, tourist traps, and feisty alligators are just a few of the surprises that threaten to derail their not-so-well made plans. An ageing judge's use of the death penalty comes back to haunt him. The real-life story of eight Pakistani terrorists, who sail to Mumbai and wage war on the populace for the next 24 hours. 100 years in the future, in a tiny town on the Yukon / Alaska border, a battle takes place that changes war forever, by changing minds. The story is set in 2027, one year after the end of the fourth non-nuclear war. New Port City is still reeling from the war's aftermath when it suffers a bombing caused by a self-propelled mine. Then, a military member implicated in arms-dealing bribes is gunned down.  During the investigation, Public Security Section's Daisuke Aramaki encounters Motoko Kusanagi, the cyborg, wizard-level hacker assigned to the military's 501st Secret Unit. Batou, a man with the "eye that does not sleep," suspects that Kusanagi is the one behind the bombing. The Niihama Prefectural Police detective Togusa is pursuing his own dual cases of the shooting death and a prostitute's murder. Motoko herself is being watched by the 501st Secret Unit's head Kurutsu and cyborg agents. King Lee is a feature film about a fictional mayor of Syracuse, NY in the 1970s. It is primarily based the real-life exploits of the actual mayor of Syracuse from 1970-1986, Lee Alexander, but this is far from a true account. It's a wild, surreal ride through an era when cities were in trouble, Syracuse was on the rise, and one man had to choose between lining his own pockets and the future of the city he loves. During a stormy night, Ann is all alone in her villa. An intruder breaks in. Ann, in absolute terror, has to fight this mysterious creature, as well as to confront her husband and her own demented mind Exposing the dark underbelly of modern animal agriculture through drones, hidden & handheld cameras, the feature-length film explores the morality and validity of our dominion over the animal kingdom. Oru Visheshapetta BiriyaniKissa tells the story of Tara, a blessed cook in a southern village, and the funny series of events related to a suspended biriyani offering that the villagers attempt to restart. Judah Ben-Hur, a Palestinian Jew, is battling the Roman empire at the time of Christ. His actions send him and his family into slavery, but an inspirational encounter with Jesus changes everything. He finally meets his rival in a justly famous chariot race and rescues his suffering family. The college experience - studying, dating, partying... but when one of their classmates disintegrates right before their eyes, Ari, Becca, Izzy, Greta and Arun must battle security, the Griefers and each other to uncover the incredible truth about themselves and this other-worldly campus before they are all eliminated. When JD is fired from his dull desk job his old buddies promise him the best vacation of his life. He can't refuse this one-time opportunity and travels to the sizzling heart of Thailand. Together with Gordon Goldman and John Walker he ends straight up in the city of sin: Pattaya. Soon the hooker count stacks as high as the amount of alcohol in his blood and JD gets more and more frustrated that his body isn't coping too well with the heat. His situation doesn't get any better when his buddies go away on some important business leaving JD alone in the land of a thousand smiles. Not knowing much else than ordering alcoholic beverages, JD soon drinks till he passes out. When he wakes up, he's in the middle of the jungle and can't remember anything from the night before. And while fighting his way back to civilization, he gets more and more tangled up in an ordeal he understands nothing of. At a time when most females in Asia possess little or no power over their lives, headstrong Kurmanjan Datka defies her family's authority -- and ultimately becomes the ruler of her native Kyrgyzstan region. A new, technologically-superior Soviet sub, the Red October, is heading for the U.S. coast under the command of Captain Marko Ramius. The American government thinks Ramius is planning to attack. A lone CIA analyst has a different idea: he thinks Ramius is planning to defect, but he has only a few hours to find him and prove it -- because the entire Russian naval and air commands are trying to find him, too. An Irish sports journalist becomes convinced that Lance Armstrong's performances during the Tour de France victories are fueled by banned substances. With this conviction, he starts hunting for evidence that will expose Armstrong. For centuries, the Lost Girls have lived in the shadows keeping the world safe from vampires and other creatures of the night. Since 1466, these women have been written about in history as men because no one would believe how skilled they were at violence. Unknown to most of their prey, the Lost Girls are far from human. They are mysteriously immortal -- but not invincible. When their leader, Gracie, begins dying, that balance is thrown into jeopardy and the Lost Girls must stop an erupting vampire revolution, race to find a cure and conquer their own personal demons before it is too late. Mysteries are revealed like the words "Simple Plan," "Third Secret of Fatima" and also the mysterious white man which are all mentioned in the movie "SPEC: Heaven". The President wants a military/scientist named Micheal W. Logan dead, after he discovers the Gateway Arch in St. Louis is actually a portal to the Planet X. Reiji Kikukawa, who has a strong sense of justice, graduated from the police academy with the lowest score ever. He becomes a police constable, but is suddenly fired by the Police Chief due to "disciplinary" issues. In actuality, the firing is part of a carefully orchestrated plan.  Reiji is ordered to become a "mole," an undercover cop. His target is Shuho Todoroki, the boss of the Sukiyakai gang. The group is the largest crime group in the Kanto area. Masaya Hiura, who works as a young boss of a Sukiyakai affiliated gang likes Reiji. While going through various hardships, Reiji works his way towards Shuho Todoroki. Danny is a young cop partnered with Nick, a seasoned but ethically tainted veteran. As the two try to stop a gang war in Chinatown, Danny relies on Nick but grows increasingly uncomfortable with the way Nick gets things done. Bhai is a 1997 Bollywood Action film directed by Deepak Shivdasani, while written by Kader Khan. The film starred Sunil Shetty, Pooja Batra, Sonali Bendre and Ashish Vidyarthi in lead roles. A remake of the Telugu movie Anna starring Rajasekhar, Roja Selvamani and Gautami Tadimalla, it was a huge success at the box office, and was one of the highest-grossing films of the year 1997. When a spate of eerie murders erupts across HK two troub/emaking cops are assigned to the case. Young maverick Wang and grizzled vet Huang who is fed up with his reckless younger partner always landing them in hot water. Reaching a dead end after discovering all the victims were former boyfriends of aspiring starlet Liu, the detectives must play a deadly game. One of them must go undercover as Liu's lover to lure the killer out. During Second Sino-Japanese War, China suffered from cholera outbreak because Japanese uses it as an biological weapon. Four Chinese agents captures a Japanese scientist and his bodyguard and interrogate them by Chinese opera in order to get the vaccine formula. Written by tom0902000 When Earth is attacked by a hostile alien force, a small town firefighter and a rogue SETI scientist team up to activate the only technology capable of defeating the invaders. Damon, an MMA fighter retires and goes to China to meet his new love, Meili. But things take an immediate turn when he inadvertently takes a package sought by an underground arms dealer. Now he must fight to save himself and his loved one. What happens when a bunch of Vampires move into an abandoned factory in a town run by Bikers somewhere in the future- Bikers come to Demand the New tenants evicted but something erupts and chaos takes over the town. Roper, a hostage negotiator catches a murderous bank robber after a blown heist. The bank robber escapes and immediately goes after the man who put him behind bars. White(Ram) enters the Chilli market yard in Ongole at the age of 12. Adikeshava (Prakash Raj) is the chairman of that Chilli yard. White comes to know of Adikeshava's real character and asks him to arrange a marriage with his daughter in certain situations to which Adikeshava agrees. Then what happens to White and Adikeshava?? Why White is doing all these things? Is there any intention for his deeds?? Watch the movie and find out Through a hidden path a lone rider reaches a little town high up in the Alpes. Nobody knows where the stranger comes from, nor what he wants there. But everyone knows that they don't want him to stay. Advertising man Roger Thornhill is mistaken for a spy, triggering a deadly cross-country chase. In a post-apocalyptic landscape, an ex-soldier wanders in search of his lost home and family. Along the way, he joins a makeshift group of survivors who convince him to lead them through the wasteland. But when a band of pillaging raiders comes after them, they must fight to survive in this cruel dystopia. THE HIT GIRL tells the story of a hit man named Bill, who while on a mission encounters a magical statue that transforms him into a teenage girl. Renamed Jessica by his timid, movie quoting niece Suzy, 'she' must now rely on Suzy's help in dealing with both the problems that come with being a teenage girl, and completing 'her' latest assignment. A job made that much more difficult now that Jessica stands at 4'11" and weighs under a hundred pounds. How will she be able survive a gang of armed gunmen, when she now finds herself being easily bullied by a group of catty teenage girls? Will Bill ever get his life back or will 'she' be stuck as Jessica forever? A story of lost love, young love, a legendary sword and one last opportunity at redemption. Dubbed the "Five Tigers", Malaysian actors Melvin Sia, Henley Hii, Hero Tai, Rayz Lim and Billy Ng portray secondary school students who end up joining gangs for different reasons, including protection from bullies, financial problems, power struggles and various other temptations. gangster action comedy by director Ismail Bob Hashim, starring Angah and Along Raja Lawak as the leads. "Taikun" tells the story of two men named Tai and Kun, best friends whose only loves in life are fighting and thievery. When their vices lead them to bump into and severely beat up gang members Pink and Purple, Tai and Kun are then recruited by the gang leader, who is in awe of their skills. Will Tai and Kun accept the offer? Is it the life that they really want? Also known as "PE-3", which means Plan No. 3, this action-packed comedy film by Farid Kamil follows the story of a group of high profile robbers in Penang. Farid Kamil also stars in the film alongside Kamal Adli and Diana Amir. Hazama is a youth who dreams of becoming a singer and experiencing life with his best friend Tapai. However, so far he is only working at a motorcycle repair shop and dealing with Tapai's debts with the gangster Black, until one day they are involved in a fight. Hazama's life changes when he meets Abang Samad, a loner. He begins spending more and more time with Abang Samad until the latter falls sick one day, and Hazama is shocked to discover his ailment. Meanwhile, Laila, a reporter, has been changed to the entertainment department when she commits an error during a police operation. Hazama and Laila are brought together when Tapai and Juita asks him to meet with her cousin sister, who turns out to be Laila. With Laila's support, Hazama chases after his dream of singing, and records a song which sees positive reception, but what follows the success is only sadness... Ravi, a collection agent for a bank, learns from his friend about a man and woman who cheat gullible people. Soon, he resolves to teach the couple a lesson. Old Quique has little use for the modern music of the new generation. But maybe he can help them see things his way? John Matrix, the former leader of a special commando strike force that always got the toughest jobs done, is forced back into action when his young daughter is kidnapped. To find her, Matrix has to fight his way through an array of punks, killers, one of his former commandos, and a fully equipped private army. With the help of a feisty stewardess and an old friend, Matrix has only a few hours to overcome his greatest challenge: finding his daughter before she's killed. A film about social crime such as gangsterism. Aeril Zafrel stars as the hard-hitting hero of the film alongside newcomer Niezam, while actress Wawa Zainal plays his love interest, who is caught between his dangerous lifestyle and her love for him. Based on the group Sepah, "Sepah The Movie" stars its three members as three single men who work in an electronic factory near their village who are also obsessed with motor cross racing. As if the friends have not enough in common, all of them fall for a girl named Ayu Sofea, who works in the quality control department in the electronic factory where the trio also work. This leads to a series of bungling schemes and misunderstandings perpetrated by the three men in order to win Ayu Sofea's heart. To make things worse, a rival appears in the form of their new manager, called Based, who has an international degree, wealth and an equal love for motor cross.  The USS Enterprise crew explores the furthest reaches of uncharted space, where they encounter a mysterious new enemy who puts them and everything the Federation stands for to the test. When the strain of tragedy was too much for a young couple in Appalachia, prescription pills became the medicine to ease the pain. In the nuclear ravaged wasteland of Earth 2087 water is as precious as life itself. The isolated Lost Wells outpost survived the holocaust and the inhabitants guard the source of their existence. Now an evil cult of renegades want control of their valuable water supply. And the villagers are no match for such brute military force. Only one man can help the stricken community - a mercenary living in a distance cannibal city. But even he, and his strange henchmen, may not be able to survive in the world gone wild. An exciting inside look at the stars of Lucha Libre, Mexico's distinctly colorful brand of professional wrestling, where flesh and blood Superheroes have performed for generations of fans. With unprecedented access to some of the top Luchadores in the world, LUCHA MEXICO goes behind the mysterious mask to explore one of the most cherished traditions of Mexican culture. Nils lives with his parents in the south of Sweden. He is a naughty boy and teases like the animals on the farm. They should not have him and be happy if he is bewitched one day with his hamster Crumb for punishment by a gnome. Three assassins deal with life, love, addiction and trust as each tries to find the answers to a better life. Together, they prove to be the most trustworthy in this tangled web of murder, greed, friendship and betrayal. A private investigator must unravel the murder of her uncle while keeping the secret that she is a descendant from a line of werewolves. Captain Sabertooths world sets the stage for stormy and magnificent adventures, in which the children demonstrate courage, shrewdness and vigour in their battle against evil. The audience will enter the pirate vessel The Black Lady and join the youngster Tiny and his girl friend Raven on an adventurous voyage from the pirate alleys in Abra Harbour to the colourful and exotic Lama Rama. Together with Captain Sabertooth and his crew, they brave towering waves and travel through deep jungles in their search for King Rufus fabled treasure. The film is a thrilling story, in which we follow a young boy in tireless search for the truth about his missing father. This voyage evolves into an adventure which will change Tinys life forever. Captain Sabertooth and the Lama Rama Treasure will be a magnificent and humorous live action feature film for the whole family. Set in a near future, technology-reliant society that pits man against killing machines. Against this backdrop an elite army unit is helicoptered to a remote, off-the-grid island training facility. What starts out as a simple training exercise for Captain Bukes and his tight-knit unit, descends into a terrifying battle to the death, as the marines discover the island is overrun by an enemy that transcends the human concept of evil. Documentary - In July 2011, six Los Angeles firefighters set out to bicycle 3,300 miles in 45 days across America to honor those lost ten years earlier, on September 11th 2001. Old friends and complete strangers join together, making a choice to sacrifice what they can, to put themselves through extreme physical exertion, and to make sure that they never forget what was lost. -  Scott Hambly, Jorge Ostovsky, James Prabhu Some 220 miles above Earth lies the International Space Station, a one-of-a-kind outer space laboratory that 16 nations came together to build. Get a behind-the-scenes look at the making of this extraordinary structure in this spectacular IMAX film. Viewers will blast off from Florida's Kennedy Space Center and the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Russia for this incredible journey -- IMAX's first-ever space film. Tom Cruise narrates. An assassin forges an unlikely partnership with one of his targets: a woman seeking revenge for the murder of her family. Poland, 1944. Assembled for a top-secret rescue mission, a daring team of Special Forces soldiers quickly find themselves trapped deep behind enemy lines. Upstanding community leader Nils has just won an award for "Citizen of the Year" when he learns the news that his son has died of a heroin overdose. Suspecting foul play, Nils begins to investigate, and soon finds himself at the center of an escalating underworld gang war between Serbian drug dealers and a sociopathic criminal mastermind known only as "The Count." When an eclectic group of terrorists plot to attack the United States from within, it's up to a quasi-military special investigative unit to identify, infiltrate and neutralize the threat. Vishwanathan, a Kathak dance teacher in New York, is in a rather happy marriage with Nirupama who is a nuclear oncologist. Nirupama is from a middle class family in Chennai, she marries Vishwanath (a dance master) to pursue her higher studies in the USA. But when Nirupama wants to break up with her husband, she engages a private detective. That's when the pandora's box opens up. Step aside Dirk Gently, there's a new private eye in town. There's no case too big, too small or too odd for Young Gun. The frizzy haired, wispy moustached, Hawaiian shirted PI takes his work seriously. Pay no mind to his tarted up secretary/taskmaster or to the fact that his master of gadgets also happens to run a sex shop. Ignore also that his choice of attire hints at a deep admiration for MAGNUM PI. When you hire Young Gun the job gets done. A cop decides to take on his godfather, who raised him from childhood, and make him realize the error of his ways. An assassin teams up with a woman to help her find her father and uncover the mysteries of her ancestry. Jackson Slate, famous treasure hunter, is out to find the legendary Lost Gold Of Cortez in the open waters off a secluded island in the Caribbean Sea. Using dynamite to blast his way through centuries of silt, new chasms are created reaching miles below the ancient ocean floor. From here, an ancient evil is released, that quickly, savagely, and without warning, destroys Jackson s boat and kills his crew. The sole survivor of the carnage, Jackson teams up with marine biologist, Sarah, to venture back to the site and investigate the horrific events. They extract an egg from the darkest depths of the ocean and take it back to the lab to investigate. But when it hatches, they realise they have awaken a deadly prehistoric monster, the P-Rex, which will stop at nothing until the entire island is destroyed... The evil T.H.E.Y. organization is out to stop ex T.H.E.M. agent, Sandra West. Can Superseven thwart Their, (T.H.E.Y.'s) master plan? In a future where water is scarce, a farmer defends his land and hopes to rejuvenate his parched soil. However, his daughter's boyfriend schemes to steal the land for himself. A man returns home from exile unknowingly seeking the truth A crime drama directed by Ruben Maria Soriquez. Max and Annie's weekly game night gets kicked up a notch when Max's brother Brooks arranges a murder mystery party -- complete with fake thugs and federal agents. So when Brooks gets kidnapped, it's all supposed to be part of the game. As the competitors set out to solve the case, they start to learn that neither the game nor Brooks are what they seem to be. The friends soon find themselves in over their heads as each twist leads to another unexpected turn over the course of one chaotic night. A man, with the help of his two best friends, helps his third friend to elope with his lover. However, when the couple parts ways, they decide to teach them a lesson.  A schoolteacher known for his good deeds and benevolence takes a walk on the dark side after undergoing a heart transplant. An underground, underdog story of the prolific journey that women take to follow their dreams and find their way in a male dominated fight industry. Set in an alternate universe, in a college called FAERYVILLE, a group of teenage misfits struggle to find themselves and make sense of their 'purpose'. They decide that there is no reason in trying to fit-in, trying like 'everybody' to be 'somebody', choosing instead to mock the establishment, as pranksters - calling themselves The Nobodies. Now, what's their plan? Frankly, they have no idea, until Laer, a transfer student, joins them and takes them on a warpath of self-discovery and no return.  Faeryville is a dystopian teen movie, a stylish coming of age film about youth making sense of their idealistic dreams in our increasingly surreal world - a fictional manifestation of very real issues prevalent in the Post 9-11 world. In the last months of World War II, as the Allies make their final push in the European theatre, a battle-hardened U.S. Army sergeant named 'Wardaddy' commands a Sherman tank called 'Fury' and its five-man crew on a deadly mission behind enemy lines. Outnumbered and outgunned, Wardaddy and his men face overwhelming odds in their heroic attempts to strike at the heart of Nazi Germany. Further explores some of the world's most remote mountain terrain while continuing Jones' mission to camp deep in the backcountry and on the summits of unridden lines to access nearly vertical spines and wide-open powder fields. Follow TGR's modern day athletes on this cinematic voyage through Alaska's awe-inspiring expanse, rich history, and colorful characters. Watch as the TGR crew ventures from AK training grounds Jackson Hole, WY, and Pemberton, BC, and delves deep into the Alaskan way of life during a record snowfall year in AK, skiing terrain most of us only dream about.  On Location: Jackson Hole, WY / Valdez, AK / Haines, AK / Anchorage, AK / Whittier, AK / Northern Chugach, AK / Valdez Heli Ski Guides / Alyeska Resort / SEABA Heli / Alaska Heli Skiing / Girdwood, AK / Pemberton, BC A young woman becomes embroiled in a financial and political conspiracy while studying in Spain, as she meets a young musician with a somewhat dark past unfolded through the pages of his lover's diary. A boy must fight his way from an alternate reality, back to his own, to save his suicidal 5-year old brother; when 3 billion people are reported missing. I Am Soldier follows Mickey Tomlinson (Tom Hughes), a military chef, who attempts the most dangerous military selection known to man: The Special Air Service (S.A.S.) selection. The S.A.S. Is the United Kingdom's most renowned Special Forces Regiment, tasked with life threatening missions in some of the most dangerous places on the planet. Mickey has more military experience than simply being a chef, something he doesn't let on to the other candidates... Mickey is smashed by this selection process - his mind, body and soul scream for mercy as he endures torturous speed-marches over the steepest mountains, running for his life during 'Escape and Evasion' and then facing the most evil interrogation possible, during the deadly phase known as: 'Tactical Questioning.' Even after everything, there is still only one way you can really prove yourself: in combat... Many try to get into the S.A.S. Only the elite make it. On The Job is about the ambitions and passions of four men trying to make a living, for themselves and their families. It shows the parallels between two prison inmates who are contract killers, and the two agents of the law investigating the murders. As they get caught in a web of machination of corrupt government officials, their jobs lead them on a head-on collision against each other with their loved ones as collateral damage. A man is released from prison to help American and Chinese authorities pursue a mysterious cyber criminal. The dangerous search leads them from Chicago to Hong Kong. A turf war has been raging in Oldtown for generations. On one side, The Syndicate - an evil gang of crank-head misfits, who has been set on muscling the San Diego family out of the parcel of land they own in the center of town. On the other side, the San Diego family: Tony and Johnny - twin brothers, and their sister Salsa are the last of a bloodline that stretches back for generations. Their mother, father and brothers were all brutally murdered in a violent clash with The Syndicate years earlier. With their neighborhood becoming increasingly fearful, The Syndicate puts into action another evil advance on their family's fading legacy by kidnapping Salsa - all hell breaks loose. The twins and their best friend Chuck Hank must decide whether to hand over the deed to their families land in order to save their sister or fight, the final fight! What if Apollo 11 never actually made it? What if, in reality, Stanley Kubrick secretly shot the famous images of the moon landing in a studio, working for the US administration? This is the premise of a totally plausible conspiracy theory that takes us to swinging sixties London, where a stubborn CIA agent will never find Kubrick but is forced to team up with a lousy manager of a seedy rock band to develop the biggest con of all time. JAKE MORRISON (Christopher Dorrah)is a dedicated and respected criminal psychiatrist trained to help individuals cope with traumatic events in their lives. In one of his most bizarre cases, Jake finds himself going down a road that he never imaged traveling. It's through intense and mind boggling sessions that he discovers a common trait that he and his psychotic patient unknowingly share. The NYPD's newest in-mate, LEIGH (Numa Perrier), is a woman scarred by a devastating childhood. She witnesses the brutal murder of her mother by the hands of the woman that raises her. If you can imagine Lethal Weapon with Mel Gibson and Danny Glover as younger, hotter ex-boyfriends, you'll have the basis for Hot Guys With Guns, a modern take on the old-fashioned detective story. It's Chinatown meets Boystown. Inspired by the incredible events surrounding a treacherous attempt to reach the summit of the world's highest mountain, "Everest" documents the awe-inspiring journey of two different expeditions challenged beyond their limits by one of the fiercest snowstorms ever encountered by mankind. Their mettle tested by the harshest of elements found on the planet, the climbers will face nearly impossible obstacles as a lifelong obsession becomes a breathtaking struggle for survival. After the mysterious death of his Aunt, a confirmed skeptic lawyer, Bryan Becket, dismisses reports that her house is haunted and moves in. Immediately occurrences begin he cannot explain. And beyond the occurrences there is something about the house which gnaws at Becket - some strange connection he senses he has with the house's past. Soon, the haunting turns personal. Set against the backdrop of San Francisco's Chinatown, this cross-cultural biopic chronicles Bruce Lee's emergence as a martial-arts superstar after his legendary secret showdown with fellow martial artist Wong Jack Man. As World War Two rages on, the allies are about to push the Nazis out of North Africa. That's when the Nazis turn up the heat, unleashing their secret Weapon: DRAGONS!!! The allies quickly lose ground to the ancient monster, and are close to complete annihilation when the Allies put together a group of special fighter-pilots, specially trained to fight a beast everyone thought was a myth. Cancer specialist Dr. Michael Durant forms an unlikely bond with seven year old Sam and becomes desperate, willing to risk anything to save the child's life. A surreptitious Nigerian Nurse convinces him to seek the help of Dr. Bello, an uncertified Nigerian Doctor, known in the Brooklyn-African underground as a miracle worker. Bending Colours is a moving portrait of Jordy Smith. This is not a biopic. It's a never-before seen insight into game changing next level surfing. From an average school kid in South Africa, a cocky tour rookie, to the professional world title threat he is today, Bending Colours tells a story. No one does progressive surfing or the hi-fi quite like Kai Neville. The fit is obvious. You know Modern Collective. You know the new breed of surfer, soundtrack and star it's created. This next collaboration will further redefine and change the game. A man's recently transplanted heart leads him on a frantic search to find the donor's killer before a similar fate befalls him. Former SWAT leader David Hendrix and hard-partying movie star Brody Walker must cut their ride-along short when a police training facility is attacked by a team of mercenaries. Many years after her notorious husband, Henry Fool, fled after killing a neighbor, Fay Grim receives a visit from CIA agent Fulbright, who tells her that Henry is dead, but that some of his journals have been unearthed in France. She sets forth on a globe-trotting odyssey that soon leads to the discovery that he is alive, and his journals are more than they appear to be. A story of 3 youngsters who write PSC exams of S.I post. Though selected, their names replaced by those not even gone through physical tests. An unscrupulous boxer fights his way to the top, but eventually alienates all of the people who helped him on the way up. Alfredo S. Lim has just been awarded as one of Manila's ten most outstanding policemen. The celebration has abruptly ended when one of his co-honorees is killed while trying to stop a robbery. Lim tracks down these criminals which ruffles the feathers of powerful people. His work takes a personal toll on his marriage and also puts his family in danger. A time travel experiment that was supposed to produce a window into time turns out to be a portal instead. One of the experimenters steps through into a not-too-distant-future world that has been destroyed by nuclear war. Some of the others follow, but then the portal phases out and they can't get back. Things just get worse after that. They run across a rocket that has landed to escape pursuing enemies, bearing scientists who survived the war, and many android "slaves." The time travellers are invited to escape when the ship is again ready to blast off - but just before that happens, the scientits' enemy returns and fires on the sitting-duck ship. A very bad day for the scientists turns terminal at that point, and the 20th-century Earthlings barely escape with their skins. The Death of Superman and Reign of the Supermen now presented as an over two-hour unabridged and seamless animated feature. Witness the no-holds-barred battle between the Justice League and an unstoppable alien force known only as Doomsday, a battle that only Superman can finish and will forever change the face of Metropolis. A documentary feature film that follows Darien EMS-Post 53, the only ambulance service for the town of Darien, CT. This organization covers one of the deadliest stretches of highway off of I-95 and is rated one of the top in the nation-volunteer or paid-and it's run and operated by high school students. Shot over the course of a year with an exclusive and intimate lens into a 40 year old organization that was a part of the birth of emergency medical service, High School 911 takes you on an epic journey with unlikely heroes: Teenagers. It begs the question: What are teenagers actually capable of when given the opportunity by the adults in their lives? Every year during summer one of the biggest battles of mankind takes place amidst the hillsides of middle earth. Knights, elves and magicians are fighting orcs and the dark powers. What looks like a scene from Lord of the Rings actually takes place in a field in Germany, where thousands of role players meet to plunge into a fantasy world of their own. More than 250.000 people in Germany regularly make this transition. The documentary accompanies five role players in their daily lives and their parallel ones. Where does their yearning for a shared world of fantasy come from? What does this reveal about our hectic, technological life? Sunday warriors is a film about the passion for playing and the ambition to exceed your limits. On Christmas Eve a group of ruthless masked terrorists kidnap the Prime Ministers daughter, fortifying themselves in an underground car park rigged with explosives. Crack SAS operative Chris Lowe and his team are sent in and must take the building one level at a time. "The Raid meets Die Hard" in this explosive action thriller. For the past 25 years, Mario Diaz has crafted his own iconic image as the premier LGBT nightlife king, throwing some of the sexiest and wildest parties from New York to LA, including the insanely appealing Hot Dog, BFD and Full Frontal Disco. CLUB KING combines Diaz's personal reflections with candid interviews and archival footage from the East and West Coast's hottest queens (including Jackie Beat), go-go boys, and artists like Scooter La Forge and Justin Vivian Bond, resulting in a dizzyingly wild ride. As Diaz himself says, "It's a tough job but somebody's gotta do it." In 1863, after seeing their mother and father massacred by a rough group of outlaws, two 10-year old identical twin brothers, Vance and Tom Dillinger, are separated when Tom is kidnapped by the outlaws.  The two meet again in 1893 after 30-years.  Vance Dillinger is now a U.S. Marshal, while Tom "Lucky" Dillinger is a wanted bandit with a bounty on his head.  A robbery gone wrong allows the identity of Lucky to be exposed, sending Vance and his posse on the trail to capture Lucky and his gang.  A chance discovery unveils information that the killer of the Dillinger parents is still alive, leading Lucky on a ruthless quest for revenge, as Vance struggles between feelings of retribution and upholding the honor of legal justice.  Art / Gonzo film about a Voodoo Revenge plot on a crowded plane Bryce has been a crook since he was a kid in the projects. After a violent turn of events he's finally got a shot at the big time. Tony De Luca, one of the biggest crime bosses in the city, is looking to have Bryce get rid of a little problem: a man who can put him and many of his associates away for a long time. Bryce however has problems of his own when his latest dope shipment gets jacked and has to settle the matter, one bullet at a time  Toramaru, lord of integrated martial arts Mugen-ga-ryu, ends his training journey and visits his master, Gensai. "You have to duel with every martial arts master and win, in order to obtain their esoteric books of martial secrets." Receiving such an order from Gensai, Toramaru makes a pilgrimage around Japan and spends a year fighting. Through his fights with genuine masters in every martial arts such as kung-fu, stick fighting, sword fighting, and nunchaku, this film passionately tells what "Budo" is and what Bushido is. Full of fierce and diverse action! The original fighting movie is finally born here! The characters we met a little more than a decade ago return to East Great Falls for their high-school reunion. In one long-overdue weekend, they will discover what has changed, who hasn't, and that time and distance can't break the bonds of friendship. American pacifist Private Finch (Carl Schreiber) finds himself pressured by his superiors to kill a P.O.W. captured from battle. As a direct result of his apprehensions, a fatal confrontation explodes amongst his platoon, and Finch becomes stranded behind enemy lines armed with nothing but limited ammunition and an uncertain sense of direction. Making his way through foreign soil, he encounters a mysterious mailman (Marc Litman) anxious to throw himself into battle. But on their exhausting quest to find a radio and signal for help, it becomes clear that Finch's new friend harbors a few dark secrets that could prove more threatening than the next ambush. Life as the sole sale item in the clearance corner of Eben's Bikes can get lonely. So Red, a unicycle, dreams up a clown owner and his own juggling act that steals the show. But all too soon, the applause turns into the sound of rainfall, as reality rushes back. Red must resign himself to sitting in the corner and await his fate. A new take on the classic story of a group of twenty-something kids' weekend of terror at the lake house. Two warring chefs and their restaurants are threatened by the 3-month deadline imposed to them by Don Manolo to vacate their place for it will be sold to a condominium developer. 'The Fire Flies, Francesca, Baltimore' is an urban tale, a road movie, that opposes a driving through Baltimore and an immersion in the underground Vogue scene - homosexual and trans gender black performers from the ghettos of the city. A poetics of survival. Honest inspector Aditi Singh and hard-boiled cop Rudra investigate a multiple suicide case. They stumble upon a darker truth revolving around the corrupt politician Yadav and Shankar. The political nexus forces Rudra to become the angry-young-man and one-man-army all rolled into one. An eclectic band of misfits becomes an unlikely family as they take a wild journey in the name of love while on the run from an overzealous FBI duo who want them dead or alive - preferably dead. Revo Linked BRAVELY DEFAULT Concert was held on November 25, 2012 at the Yokohama Arena, and featured music from Luxendarc Shoukikou, Luxendarc Daikikou and the Bravely Default: Flying Fairy Original Soundtrack. (VGMDB) By 2017, the global economy has collapsed and American society has become a totalitarian police state, censoring all cultural activity. The government pacifies the populace by broadcasting a number of game shows in which convicted criminals fight for their lives, including the gladiator-style The Running Man, hosted by the ruthless Damon Killian, where "runners" attempt to evade "stalkers" and certain death for a chance to be pardoned and set free. While Doraemon is asleep, a famous thief comes and steals his cat-bell. Without his cat-bell, Doraemon starts to act more and more like a normal cat. In order to stop this, Nobita, Shizuka, Suneo, and Gian have to go and search for his bell, so they go to a factory where all of Doraemon's gadgets are made. A pair of criminals try to track down the kids who witnessed them commit a murder in the woods. An old traditional family and a modern family battle over land in a small English village and almost destroy each other. A young photojournalist gets entangled in a political conspiracy when he witnesses Naxalites robbing a local bank. True story of the lifelong romance between novelist Iris Murdoch and her husband John Bayley, from their student days through her battle with Alzheimer's disease. A new computer virus falls into the hands of Norman, a wheelchair bound mentally handicapped man, after a person covered in blood gives it to him. The group of men who are behind the development of the virus want it back, and will do anything to get it back. A share auto-driver gets entangled in a plot where 3 criminals want him dead. Happy Sheep with Greedy Wolf True Heart Susie (Gish) secretly loves her neighbor, William Jenkins (Harron), but neither, it seems, can confess their feelings for each other. Johnny(Scott DeFalco) became a hardened soul when he witnessed his father's murder. Fifteen years later he still cannot shake the haunting memories that led him to a life of crime. His older brother Martin (Jonathan Aube) who never understood Johnny, became a respectable prosecutor with a lovely wife. The brothers make an attempt to reunite and that is when the trouble starts. Lateef is a middle-class man who aspires to become a doctor. But, this dream is shattered when he gets arrested in a drug raid. Based on the true story of Chris Crean, who took a stand against gang violence in his community only to become a target himself. Set in the near future, public service privatization and increased mass unemployment figures have spurred years of strikes, riots, and widespread disruption. In response, government restrictions on Internet and social media sites have been implemented. Anthony, who has interrupted his studies at university to look after his younger sister Sam after the disappearance of their parents, lands a job working in a records room and begins to discover the untold story behind his parents' disappearance. Action - Diana lives her life trying to appease her husband's abusive outrages. She finds comfort and guidance in the arms of another man. When her husband discovers Diana's extramarital affair he threatens everyone she cares about. Lost and with no direction to turn, Diana finds solace in God and realizes she was never alone. -  April Marcell, Aries Marvin Uzzle, Ryan Harrington A story of an army colonel who is fighting the accusations in committing war crime but his only witness is comatose in the hospital. Previously untold story of the unlikely Irish roots of the worldwide surfing phenomenom After leaving his dark past behind, Sikander starts afresh in a distant village, where he is welcomed by a loving family as one of their own. However, when the only son of the family gets mixed with the wrong crowd and finds his life in danger, Sikander is left with no choice but to return to his old ways in order to save the youngster. Four beautiful women attend a fetish convention hoping to make some easy money, but find themselves thrown into a dark, underground world of obsession and murder when a deformed, sadistic serial killer (Bill Oberst Jr.) sets his sights on the quartet. Now, their friendship and personal limits will be torn apart as they struggle to survive the most brutal weekend of their lives. A man becomes entangled in a deadly morality game when the circus comes to town and a sadistic clown forces him to examine the things in life he takes for granted in the most horrific ways. More action adventure than traditional documentary, Lion Ark follows the world's most ambitious and daring animal rescue, with a narrative meticulously compiled from film, interviews, conversations and the reactions of participants as events actually unfold. A shocking undercover investigation leads to a ban on animal circuses in Bolivia. But the circuses defy the law. The team behind the investigation return, track down the illegal circuses and save every animal. The confrontations, heartache and incredible risks the rescue team face are all captured before a joyous finale sees 25 lions airlifted to freedom in Colorado. An uplifting story of bravery, compassion, camaraderie and determination. How a poor but proud country said 'no' to cruelty and how attitudes to animals were changed across an entire continent. When massive volcanic storms begin to spew from the Earth, geophysicist Kate Ferris tries to convince the Department of Defense that this is no natural phenomenon. The last 7 hours of former President of Chile Salvador Allende, and his closest collaborators inside the Palace of La Moneda, during the brutal military coup d'etat on Sept. 11, 1973, the day democracy in Chile ended. Based on true events. Sons and daughters of international billionaires are sent to an boot camp where they are taught basic survival skills in hopes it will teach them responsibility. When they are taken hostage and taken for ransom by kidnappers, they will need to utilize every skill they learned to survive. Danielle Noble (played by Carla Ortiz) and her team of expert cave divers led by an ambitious american archaeologist (Steve Wilcox), undertake an expedition in search of the lost Mayan Library, without imagining they will instead find the hidden gates of hell known as Xib'alb'a. Two young men journey across the U.S.A to honor one's mother by spreading her ashes at monuments she always dreamed of visiting. Along the way they encounter interesting characters and dangerous situations that force them to question their own character and their life-long friendship. Marital strife, jail time, car chases, old secrets and a demolition derby all threaten to derail their trip and their lives. In the near future the earth has become desolate and dangerous. Now inhabited by by a mysterious race of creatures, humanity has been forced to find refuge in the SkyArk, a man-made city in the sky. As the population grows, space becomes scarce and only the rich and powerful can stay, dumping the poor and orphaned of SkyArk to the abandoned earth. College friends find their weekend of sex and debauchery ruined when deadly zombie beavers swarm their riverside cabin. A spy thriller telling a historically based story of a man who alone dares to challenge Soviets being in the middle of the communistic system himself. Planning the maneuvers of Warsaw Pact forces he discovers that the American plans of nuclear counterattack against Soviet forces is planned to be executed on Polish territory. Thanks to his determination he starts a long, lonely and psychologically exhausting cooperation with CIA. From that moment the life of his and his family is in danger as one careless move can lead to tragedy. A retired assassins past catches up with him and his brutality surfaces as he goes on a final killing spree to make things right. Dave Skylark and his producer Aaron Rapaport run the celebrity tabloid show "Skylark Tonight". When they land an interview with a surprise fan, North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un, they are recruited by the CIA to turn their trip to Pyongyang into an assassination mission. For years, old wood carver Mr. Meacham has delighted local children with his tales of the fierce dragon that resides deep in the woods of the Pacific Northwest. To his daughter, Grace, who works as a forest ranger, these stories are little more than tall tales... until she meets Pete, a mysterious 10-year-old with no family and no home who claims to live in the woods with a giant, green dragon named Elliott. And from Pete's descriptions, Elliott seems remarkably similar to the dragon from Mr. Meacham's stories. With the help of Natalie, an 11-year-old girl whose father Jack owns the local lumber mill, Grace sets out to determine where Pete came from, where he belongs, and the truth about this dragon. Alex Granger is a successful New York fashion photographer with a past - he is a former CIA operative specializing in surveillance work. Bored with his present life-style and craving adventure, Alex is lured back into the game by a beautiful, mysterious woman, who just happens to be in partnership with a major arms dealer. Alex is led to believe that he's being hired for industrial espionage and is paid a very large sum of money for his services.Former CIA partner is hot on the trail of the arms dealers and when Alex is confronted with the truth, realizes he's being implicated in their schemes. He is now caught between a "rock and a hard place" and must do whatever needs to be done to save himself. One day, the young Jacques falls into a manhole which is actually a door leading to a parallel world : the city of Paris plunged in an endless night, occupied by batty characters and ruled by an emperor allowing all the excesses. Between sex, violence and poetry, Jacques must climb the social ladder of this new world through heavy sacrifices... A young man must fight local goons for the love of a woman.  Around 200 years ago, a meteorite fell in a village in the Tohoku region. There was no immediate damage after the impact, but after some time, the villagers living in the vicinity experienced genetic mutations and a few gained "special powers". An ordinary office worker, Hiroyuki Sano, suddenly exhibits these powers one day Kanakambaran owner and actor of a failing theatrical company gets a chance to enact a real-life drama. In Ireland, American lawyer Ingrid Jessner and her activist partner, Paul Sullivan, struggle to uncover atrocities committed by the British government against the Northern Irish during the "Troubles." But when Sullivan is assassinated in the streets, Jessner teams up with Peter Kerrigan, a British investigator acting against the will of his own government, and struggles to uncover a conspiracy that may even implicate one of Kerrigan's colleagues. Mysteries are revealed like the words "Simple Plan," "Third Secret of Fatima" and also the mysterious white man which are all mentioned in the movie "SPEC: Heaven". Hunted by raiders, a band of crusading knights escort the holy grail through a valley of black death where they must hack and slash their way to freedom. Major James Prentis VC (Sir Alan Bates) is a British spy of World War II and war hero who goes under the code name of "Shuttlecock". Alienated from his family and children, he ends up in a mental institution in Lisbon, Portugal. A team of U.S. archaeologists unearths an ancient pyramid buried deep beneath the Egyptian desert. As they search the pyramid's depths, they become hopelessly lost in its dark and endless catacombs. Searching for a way out, they become desperate to seek daylight again. They come to realize they aren't just trapped, they are being hunted. No blood, no money! Fights, acrobatics, jumps and death were the daily routine of the "old school" Spanish stuntmen and their coordinators. Their profession did put a price on their lives: the higher the risk, the higher the reward. The story of a super-secret spy organization that recruits an unrefined but promising street kid into the agency's ultra-competitive training program just as a global threat emerges from a twisted tech genius. A sheltered Amish child is the sole witness of a brutal murder in a restroom at a Philadelphia train station, and he must be protected.  The assignment falls to a taciturn detective who goes undercover in a Pennsylvania Dutch community. On the farm, he slowly assimilates despite his urban grit and forges a romantic bond with the child's beautiful mother.  Peter Parker a lone child discovers that his parents were in a horrifying plot to make mankind change. getting bitten by his fathers invention he develops super powers to tries to find answers to his whole life, try and juggle a relationship with his girlfriend and try and find the murderer of his uncle. (Fan Made Film) In order to expose Yashvardhan who is dishonest, Ravikant captures his son Ajay and plants his twin brother, Vishal, in his place, as an informer. The apocalypse has arrived. Seven strangers escape a fiery blast that has engulfed the city. Refuge is found in an abandoned government building. Trapped with nowhere to go, they soon realize they are not alone. Something sinister, hidden in the shadows, is slowly killing them off one by one. A game of survival has begun. Become the hunter or become the hunted. --IMDB The lethal Reaper virus spreads throughout Britain--infecting millions and killing hundreds of thousands. Authorities brutally and successfully quarantine the country but, three decades later, the virus resurfaces in a major city. An elite group of specialists is urgently dispatched into the still-quarantined country to retrieve a cure by any means necessary. Shut off from the rest of the world, the unit must battle through a landscape that has become a waking nightmare. Ilsa is a warden at a Nazi death camp that conducts experiments on prisoners. Ilsa's goal is to prove that woman can withstand more pain and suffering than men and should be allowed to fight on the front lines Rudraba, daughter of Ganapatideva, the emperor of the Kakatiya dynasty, was officially designated a son through the ancient Putrika ceremony and given the name Rudradeva so that she could succeed her father after his death. Despite opposition, she became of the most prominent rulers of the Kakatiya dynasty and one of the few ruling queens in Indian history. The film is set in the Tricity in 2003, ten years after the end of communism in Poland. The plot, apparently based on the real-life experiences of Krakow businessmen Lech Jerzorny and Pawel Rey, is about three young, talented businessmen who open a high-tech factory. This comes to the attention of the local state 'mafia', the local Prosecutor, played by Janusz Gajos, and tax office boss, played by Kasimierz Kaczor, who are both jealous and would like to make money for themselves. We are in Poland, so success must be punished. In an alternate Japan, territorial street gangs form opposing factions collectively known as the Tokyo Tribes. The simmering tension between them is about to boil over into all-out war. In this new mission Commander Lara was entrusted to face TREASON AND CORRUPTION ... In this fight against crime, figuring out the new methods that use the mafia factions to achieve their CRIMES, disguising them with INNOCENCE. It's a movie full of action that will keep you on the edge of suspense from beginning to end, and it will show the methods used by criminal gangs to achieve its objectives in the TRAFFIC OF DOLLARS A sensitive guy finds out he's... a robot. Deckard Shaw seeks revenge against Dominic Toretto and his family for his comatose brother. Sonny is a collection agent for the Rangeelay Fynance Company. When he repossesses a scooter from Simmi, it's love at first sight. But she is free spirited, spoiled, cynical and does not believe in love. And she is also engaged to Ricky. Audrey, a determined young American woman, arrives in the Philippines with a mysterious mission, little money, and no chance of success. But when she enlists the help of two friendly locals, Hazel and Rey, and an extremely unfriendly American expatriate, Nick, suddenly the possibility of success comes into view. All they have to do is cross 300 miles of roads, jungles, and ocean, ward off the attacks of a vicious local motorcycle gang, and keep themselves from killing each other. It's going to be a bumpy ride. When a former CIA operative is kidnapped by a group of terrorists, his son learns there is no plan for his father to be saved--so he launches his own rescue operation. A month after Genji Takiya graduates, a new battle for supremacy at Suzuran All-Boys High School begins. Transfer student Kaburagi Kazeo combats Kagami Ryohei for the coveted top spot, amidst a brewing inter-school conflict with Kurosaki Industrial High. A 19-year-old girl discovers she is the descendant of the Byzantine Emperor Justinian, and she learns that the emperor might have unleashed the plague on mankind and cursed his bloodline. Retired assassin, Jack Lee, walked away from his violent past to raise his dead brother's daughter, Jaime, as his own. When crime lord Banducci kidnaps Jaime for a payback, Jack brings his gifted skills of extermination out of retirement and the streets of San Francisco become a battleground for a one man killing machine and ruthless, united mob bosses. Chu Yu (Eric Tsang) is a homicide detective who accidently stabs his girlfriend while wrestling with a murderer. The killer returns later and squeezes her wound until it ruptures, causing her death. But the wily Chu Yu photographs his girlfriend's corpse in a wedding dress, tricking the killer into believing she is not dead and causing him to return for a second try. When he does, Chu Yu is waiting, having rigged the corpse like a marionette and causing it to shoot its own murderer. Co-starring Danny Lee, as Officer Li Ta Hsiu, and Dick Wei in this decidedly offbeat attempt at gallows humor which works extremely well under the direction of action specialist Frankie Chan. ROAD 2: THE SEA OF GLASS AND FIRE picks up where the first film in the series ends. After the rapture has taken place, JOSH MCMANUS (David A. R. White) is left behind and goes on a journey to find out what has happened and attempts to travel home to find his family. Before he can go anywhere, he is confronted again by the biker gang that harassed him previously and he joins forces with a young girl whose family has been taken up into the sky by God along with other believers. Chasing Josh at every turn is the brutal outlaw HAWG (Brian Bosworth) and his rolling gang of killers. On the day after the Biblical rapture, law and order have broken down - the highways have become a no-mans-land of bandits and looters. Josh's world has been shaken to the core, and he must make a choice, embrace his past as a man of violence, or learn a new path and become a man of faith. Which will he choose? A corrupt sheriff schemes with city officials to obtain lucrative lakefront property. In a web of lies and intrigue, the sheriff tricks two offbeat killers into murdering his partners in the deal, all in one night over the fourth of July. Mika Collins wasn't always a loner. But her shattered past has left the security operative cold and distant, unable to connect with the only friends she has left - her team at ThinkTanc Security.  When her boss and former lover, Tanc Lorenzo, decides to take his staff on a team-building hike into remote country in the Blue Mountains, Mika must spend 48 hours in the constant company of the ThinkTanc team, without the sophisticated distractions of their urban existence. But when the team strays into the territory of a yet-undiscovered Australian predator, they will face a threat much more immediate than the tensions that brought them here in the first place.  When darkness brings the disappearance of their leader, the group splinters, and it's up to Mika to identify the threat before the darkest force of nature destroys them all...  Director and actor Ray O'Neill presents the movie ICE Agent in the year (2013). The movie is an action-adventure spy film starring Ray O'Neill, Michael Madsen, Joanna Pacula, Tamas Menyhart and Ray Goodwin. On a television show billed as "the greatest fight show on Earth," eager amateurs with lots to prove boldly step into the ring and expect to leave bloody but victorious. The ratings hungry producers seek out "legendary" but largely forgotten streetfighters and mine their desperation for recaptured glory and redemption into ratings gold. Three guys on the verge of forty begin to realize all the best things in their lives happened before they were twenty. A spontaneous road trip adventure gives them a chance to balance the ledger The evolution of the depiction of Native Americans in film, from the silent era until today, featuring clips from hundreds of movies and candid interviews with famous directors, writers and actors, Native and non-Native: how their image on the screen transforms the way to understand their history and culture. Denny Burke is finally about to graduate high school. Senior year has been one bad thing after another: a broken leg, a broken heart, and -- worst  of all -- a broken home.  With four of his closest friends, Denny goes on one last rock-climbing trip to prove he's ready to start his adult life... On their trip the five teens receive a genetic boost beyond anything they'd ever imagined.  Denny's soon faced with the first big decision of his adult life: does he give up these powers and stay a normal teenager, or does he keep them...and graduate from the human race? The gruesome Nazi Zombies are back to finish their mission, but our hero is not willing to die. He is gathering his own army to give them a final fight. Siddhu (Sudheer), a naughty easy going guy falls in love with Indu (Asmita Sood). But Indu is the sister of Cherry (Ranadheer) who keeps on protecting his sister from others' eyes. But on the other hand Cherry he loves Anjali (Poonam Kaur), the sister-in-law of a dangerous man Bujji aka Shankar (Ajay). How things move among these people, how Siddhu plays with Shankar forms the main story. The true story of underdog boxer, Chuck Wepner, who gets a shot to fight the champ, Muhammed Ali. Alice Martin (Lee Meriwether), a former musical headliner, now lives alone and forgotten in a house hidden away just below the Hollywood sign. She remembers a past love (Susan Blakely) as she searches for meaning in her golden years. While mentoring a young aspiring singer (Leigh Ann Larkin), past memories become entwined with the present as Alice comes to realize that what she thought was lost is only dormant, awaiting a new spark. A screenwriter recruits a group of eccentric characters to go and find a missing teenage girl, with the intention of turning the search into a true story script. A gothic lolita merges with a samurai teddy bear to fight zombies and save the world. A female detective does everything she can to mop up the mess brought into Korea by Hong Kong drugs lords. Four independent stories set in modern China about random acts of violence. Throughout his life Edward Bloom has always been a man of big appetites, enormous passions and tall tales. In his later years, he remains a huge mystery to his son, William. Now, to get to know the real man, Will begins piecing together a true picture of his father from flashbacks of his amazing adventures. An Indian intelligence agent journeys to a war-torn coastal island to break a resolute rebel group and meets a passionate journalist. 22 minutes got Russian marine to free a hijacked oil tanker far from shore. Maverick cop Orin Boyd always brings down the domestic terrorists he tracks, but he ruffles feathers with his unorthodox techniques -- and soon finds himself reassigned to the toughest district in Detroit. When he discovers a group of detectives secretly operating a drug ring, Boyd joins forces with an unlikely ally -- gangster Latrell Walker -- to bring down the rotten cops. A.D. 2400, DEVA's central council detects an incident of unauthorized access into their mainframe. Someone on Earth was trying to hack into the system. The only information DEVA was able to retrieve was that hacker referred to themselves as "Frontier Setter."  To investigate the mysterious hacker's motives, the high officials of DEVA dispatch system Security Third Officer Angela Balzac to the Earth's surface. Equipped with a prosthetic "material body," Angela attempts to make contact with a local agent Dingo, but what awaited her instead was a swarm of Sandworms now infesting the Earth's surface. Angela intercepts the gruesome pests with her exoskeleton powered suit Arhan. A cop named DCP Rudra is transferred to a new police station. As the city is riddled with crime and corruption, he decides to bring law and order back for which he has to go against Nagori Subramaniyam, the local mafia. He does not believe in the system of going by the book and instead fights fire with fire. The title of The Morning After the Night of Power refers to a passage of the Koran in which angels descend from the heavens to impart the divine inspiration to followers. The central image of the tape is a blue vase standing motionless on a table. This object is framed by a dramatic interplay of light, shadow and movement, which is registered by a fixed camera over an extended period of time. Writes Viola, "As the condensed stillness of pure duration becomes activity, events hover at the edge of awareness until a final culminating action of transcendent liberation." Ratchet and Clank tells the story of two unlikely heroes as they struggle to stop a vile alien named Chairman Drek from destroying every planet in the Solana Galaxy. When the two stumble upon a dangerous weapon capable of destroying entire planets, they must join forces with a team of colorful heroes called The Galactic Rangers in order to save the galaxy. Along the way they'll learn about heroism, friendship, and the importance of discovering one's own identity. As his wedding day approaches, Ben heads to Miami with his soon-to-be brother-in-law James to bring down a drug dealer who's supplying the dealers of Atlanta with product. Udhayam NH4 is a 2013 Tamil romantic thriller film directed by debutant Manimaran, a former associate of Vetrimaaran. The film features Siddharth and newcomer Ashrita Shetty in the lead roles. Vetrimaaran has written the script, done the screenplay, and also penned the dialogues for this film. The story takes place in Bengaluru, Karnataka. On Any Sunday, The Next Chapter" is an exploration into the two-wheeled world of motorcycle riding. The film journeys deeper into the humanity, thrills and excitement behind the global culture of motorcycle riding. We meet those who are bonded by their passion for the race, we experience the exhilaration of the ride and we witness the love of family and friendship as each individual seeks out their next thrilling moment on the bike. A woman, accidentally caught in a dark deal, turns the tables on her captors and transforms into a merciless warrior evolved beyond human logic. Prima ballerina, Dominika Egorova faces a bleak and uncertain future after she suffers an injury that ends her career. She soon turns to Sparrow School, a secret intelligence service that trains exceptional young people to use their minds and bodies as weapons. Dominika emerges as the most dangerous Sparrow after completing the sadistic training process. As she comes to terms with her new abilities, she meets a CIA agent who tries to convince her that he is the only person she can trust. For generations, we have believed that man is driven by ruthless self-interest. But over the past decade, this idea has been increasingly challenged. New research from fields as diverse as political science, psychology, sociology and experimental economics is forcing us to rethink human actions and motivation.  'The Altruism Revolution' examines the scientific reasons behind the call for a more caring society. A documentary that chronicles Pras Michel's 9-day experience as a homeless man in downtown Los Angeles. Given a dollar a day to live, his worldview is shattered as he sees firsthand the fight for survival on the violent streets. D-Day: A British paratroop squad are dropped off-target and wiped-out. Private Johnny Barrows is the only survivor; inexperienced, scared, lost behind enemy lines. Johnny must grow up and become a man on his perilous journey to safety. 8 Vayasu is all about a mentally unstable youngster, who falls in love. Be it happiness or anger, he has a unique way of expressing it. Whenever he is depressed, he takes on the behaviour of an animal that he sights first.It released on August 24, 2012 and received negative reviews. Desperate to repay his debt to his ex-wife, an ex-con plots a heist at his new employer's country home, unaware that a second criminal has also targeted the property, and rigged it with a series of deadly traps. The stink of seaweed permeates the streets. I've heard there's growing dissatisfaction among the youth. Do you feel content? How often do you dream? Are you better off alone? Collective screening of the Academy Award nominated short films from the Live Action category for 2013. An inspirational true story.  On what seemed like any other day, Elders Travis Tuttle (Corbin Allred) and Andrew Propst (Maclain Nelson) are approached by Nikolai (Nikita Bogolyubov) to teach a friend. But then the missionaries experience the unimaginable - they are kidnapped, beaten, and held for ransom. While their families, friends, and the world pray for their safe release, Tuttle and Propst are tested physically, emotionally, and most of all spiritually. When a band of brutal gangsters led by a crooked property developer make a play to take over the city, Master Ip is forced to take a stand. The human city of Zion defends itself against the massive invasion of the machines as Neo fights to end the war at another front while also opposing the rogue Agent Smith. A young golfer is mugged by an escaped convict and finds himself in a prison where he foils a jailbreak. When TROY turned on crime boss DMITRI DEBARTOLLA he was forced to leave Los Angeles and lay low in Miami. After two years, and the loss of his leg in a shootout with a Cuban crime syndicate, Troy returns to LA to reclaim what is rightfully his. A reunion with his former partners in a rundown hotel sets the stage for an explosive encounter where past and present collide. The Story of an Old Woman was filmed in one shot without any cutting or pasting. Annotation from author: In this film I wanted to show how the one person can be violent and aggressive, and the other one helpless and defenseless. Our heroes hide their flaws behind the beautiful words and actions. Unfortunately a betrayal of the family became more common, and the opportunity to get hit in the back from the nearest person is already a reality. The film is about the family relationship, happiness and sorrow. The main thing is to stay human in all circumstances. A legal team must work together to figure out the mystery behind a rooftop Christmas tree to keep the owner from going to jail for Christmas -- again. Everything seems uneventful for Dean and Claire, as they head out into beautiful rural Australia for a weekend away. Their biggest problem is what to do about Claire being accepted into an interstate University. The couple come across Knuck and things start to spiral out of control. Heath and Jarred only stoke the fire and both Claire and Dean's greatest fears are made reality. A struggling composer has to be supported financially by his wealthier wife. When a top-secret laboratory is unexpectedly breached, thousands of rampaging raptors are unleashed on Los Angeles! A black-ops unit is mobilized to contain the creatures before they cause city-wide chaos. Simultaneously, a truckload of raptors is rerouted to a nearby prison. Upon their escape, these ferocious flesh-eaters are beyond containment. This is Jurassic judgment night for smoking hot sorority girls, sinister scientists, muscle-bound military and doomed death-row inmates! It's about to get bloody in Jurassic City! Gowtam is a guard employed by a security agency. One rainy night, he finds out that his grandfather has a treasure stashed away in Pakistan which was his place before partition happened. Srinidhi is a staunch devotee and her goal is to visit a Hindu temple which is located in Hinglaj, Pakistan. Gowtam's treasure is located in and around that temple. Gowtam joins Srinidhi's journey to Pakistan temple where they have a security guy (Ali) helping them. Meanwhile, Sultan takes over the Pakistan's archeology department's team that is searching for treasure in the same area. The rest of the story is all about how Gowtam manages to get hold of diamonds which rightfully belongs to him. A petty thief posing as an actor is brought to Los Angeles for an unlikely audition and finds himself in the middle of a murder investigation along with his high school dream girl and a detective who's been training him for his upcoming role... Beatrice Prior must confront her inner demons and continue her fight against a powerful alliance which threatens to tear her society apart. A young man must chose between fast money or the grind of a basic 9 to 5 in order to provide for an ailing mother and children. After returning home from a traumatic tour of duty in Iraq, John finds himself struggling with PTSD. What little peace he had managed to build around him is shattered one fateful day when he rescues a local call girl from a group of violent Aryan Brotherhood pimps. Having killed several of the high-ranking brotherhood during the rescue, John and his family are now the prime targets of Hollis, the ruthless criminal leader of the group. A surrealistic anthology of horror films; four segments structured as an intense fever dream... Ex-hitman John Wick comes out of retirement to track down the gangsters that took everything from him. A young gymnast battles a group of bank robbers at the home of her boyfriend. A righteous cop accepts the challenge of taking on a mob boss, little dreaming that his own father is one of the don's victims. Nineteen-year-old Danny Flynn is imprisoned for his involvement with the I.R.A. in Belfast. He leaves behind his family and his sixteen-year-old girlfriend, Maggie Hamill. Fourteen years later, Danny is released from prison and returns to his old working class neighborhood to resume his life as a boxer. The film is about Lakkhi (Sreelekha Mukherji), a Bengali village woman who was expecting her first baby when her husband fell from a roof and remained crippled. She lost her baby from the shock, and as a meagre compensation, is offered work as a wet-nurse in middle-class families where presumably women have other things to do than feed their children. In the international world of gun running... loyalty, honor and discretion are valuable commodities, but nothing is more priceless than the bond of family. Power begets enemies and a loved ones betrayal cuts like a knife. Sides will be chosen, wars will be fought. In the end, there can only be one King. Fantasy - A failed sculptor discovers a strange, talking hole in the wall. It has the power to fulfill his wildest dreams...and become his worst nightmare. -  Mary McDonald-Lewis, Don Alder, Sean McGrath Swing Lowe Sweet Chariote is an emotionally charged urban drama about a good girl whose best friend is murdered just before graduation. She gets caught up with Ace, a local drug dealer that takes her deeper into the violent futility of the streets. The true story of the kidnapping of Freddy Heineken, the grandson of the founder of the Heineken brewery, and his driver. They were released after a ransom of 35 million Dutch guilders was paid. Afghanistan 2006 - A young aspiring journalist gets the opportunity of a lifetime when he is embedded with a small band of American soldiers. ALLA NERAM is about Raju (MGR)'s choice between love his wife (K. R. Vijaya) and friendship (his loyal and devoted pet elephants, ).  This is the story about the friendship and loyalty of animals with man.  Raju owns elephants and earns a livelihood by making them perform tricks.  He falls in love with Vijaya and they get married. But soon, a problem arises.  Vijaya hates elephants because of a personal tragedy in her life.  She also feels that Raju spends too much time with his elephant friends.  Will the elephants succeed in winning over her heart or will Raju be forced to make a choice between his wife and his animal friends? Two brothers, both with troubled paths, find themselves in the middle of one last bank job. Muffy and her friends go on a scandalous adventure to the creepy house on the outskirts of town. The end of one journey only marks the beginning of another as Detective Loomis returns to uncover the truth behind the Legend of Pitchfork. When the Universe decides what it wants, it's pointless to resist. With his family's life at stake, Joseph Steadman finds himself the unwilling test subject of a maniacal scientist in a battle that could save the world - or destroy it. Two survivors struggle through a dangerous journey in a world shrouded with evil and terror. A fisherman with money problems hires out his boat to transport criminals. During the early years of the Republic era, in the North-East region of China, the people are suffering from the power struggle among the local Warlords, bandits, and Japanese invaders. Warlord Lam (Sammo Hung), is not a leader of great vision, but stands firm in his own beliefs. The only paradise within the region is 'Lucky Town', the one place where no one dared to attack as it was protected by the seven kung fu masters who have resided there. When young patriots, Yan Fang (Rose Chan) who disguised herself as a man, and Howard Luo (Dennis To), infiltrate Tiger's Den at night trying to steal the code book fail in their mission and tries to run, only Yan survives and is rescued by Cheryl. Mistaking Yan as a man, Cheryl falls for Yan. She then brings Yan to Lucky Town and begs the Seven Masters to cure Yan. Cheryl and the Seven Masters are then told of the secret plan by the Japanese, and together, they resolve to fight against Tiger Den and save Warlord Lam. No Overview When a woman's father goes missing, she enlist a local to aid in her search.  The pair soon discover that her father has died at the hands of a wealthy sportsman who hunts homeless men as a form of recreation. Kim Myung-wu studies modern music in Germany and meets Ji-suk, a pianist. She disappears on the day of his recital to get money for her mother's treatment in hospital and no word from her for a month since. He sees through her mother's funeral when she's gone. When there's a fire in the village, Myung-wu witnesses Ji-suk playing piano at the church watching the flame. She sets a fire at a store she was trying to get the money from but the owner reported her. She blamed her mother's death on the store owner and revenged with the fire. She completes the Pyro-Sonata with help of Myung-wu hiding her from police. A renegade federal agent confiscates a deadly chemical warfare virus and attempts to make it to a safe house where a scientist vows to destroy it. In the meantime, black ops agents are dispatched to hunt down the agent and retrieve the governments investment at all costs. In a post-apocalyptic world where zombies attack the remnants of humanity, one survivor is forced to make a deal with the devil. In order to regain his soul and escape his torment he must save an entire town from the living dead. A hardened bounty hunter, a gang of outlaws in his trust and a preacher are forced to work together and battle their way across the old west of the 1870s when the zombie apocalypse begins. Jack Hammond is sentenced to life in prison, but manages to escape. To get away from the police he takes a girl as hostage and drives off in her car. The girl happens to be the only daughter of one of the richest men in the state. In a while the car chase is being broadcast live on every TV-channel. A film about peer pressure. Eight drug addicts are waiting for their connection in a New York apartment belonging to Leach. Jim Dunn, a budding filmmaker, has agreed to pay for the fix if the addicts will allow him to film the connection scene. After the men get their shots, they talk Dunn into trying heroin in order to understand the subject "first hand." He becomes ill and while sleeping, Leach takes an overdose that puts him into a coma. Dunn recovers, with the aid of the connection, and writes off the film as a failure. An aging Pat Garrett is hired as a lawman on behalf of a group of wealthy New Mexico cattle barons--his sole purpose being to bring down his old friend Billy the Kid. An astrophysicist professor - who firmly believes that higher dimensions exist - discovers an alien civilization in the Galaxy. He sends messages to the aliens and surprisingly they answer him instantly. He has only one explanation: they are in the 5th dimension - they exist OUTSIDE OF TIME, exactly as he described in his theory. The news spreads in seconds and more intelligent services are after him to erase - or possess - his dangerous discovery. With two of his helpers the professor flees across the Vancouver Island rain forests to reach Vancouver where publicity can protect him and his discovery. But something unusual happens... Hills Village 21000 Split is a documentary which in a Fellini style represents the inhabitants of an unusual neighbourhood. We encounter a dentist and writer, a tired ex-boxer who had a carrier in Germany, a hardcore punk band Pas Maters, whose charismatic front man and lead singer mysteriously disappeared, an old soccer supporter with the last name Hajduk, an ex-hooligan diligently studying in a night school and many others. A complex portrait of an unusual Split neighbourhood and its even more unusual inhabitants with Hajduk as their religion. "Expendables" meets the "A-Team" in this full throttle action film, where a group of skilled mercenaries find themselves betrayed by the US government and are forced to fight their way out of an ambush by a new, and lethal team of human droids. Andres and Elias get together one evening for their last summer joint. On his way home, Elias finds a hidden case containing 5 different types of drugs. The next morning, Elias calls Andres to catch up on his discovery. He tells him he wants to gather round with some friends to perform an experiment: each should take a different drug and see what happens. The experiment takes a sudden turn when Andres girlfriend calls him to say her grandma has died. A thriller set in New York City during the winter of 1981, statistically one of the most violent years in the city's history, and centered on a the lives of an immigrant and his family trying to expand their business and capitalize on opportunities as the rampant violence, decay, and corruption of the day drag them in and threaten to destroy all they have built. On the death of his father, Tim Webber returns to his childhood village in Somerset to find something sinister is disturbing the idyllic peace of the villagers. The fast-paced action movie is again set in the criminal underworld in France, where Frank Martin is known as The Transporter, because he is the best driver and mercenary money can buy. In this installment, he meets Anna and they attempt to take down a group of ruthless Russian human traffickers who also have kidnapped Frank's father. After a break-in at their house, a couple gets help from one of the cops that answered their call. He helps them install the security system, and begins dropping by on short notice and unofficial patrol, and spends a lot of time discussing the couple's problems with the wife. The husband begins wondering if they're getting too much help. The air has been sweaty forweeks in the conference center of Baguio City (Philippines) where the new chess world champion will be determined in the broiling summer of 1978. Viktor Kortchnoi (47) and Anatoly Karpov (27) are facing each other in a match that will decide who is going to take the title home. Karpov back to Russia and Kortschnoi, well, that s a controversial matter... When the reckless actions of an out-of-control LAPD officer get his partner killed in a deadly hostage situation, he gets suspended from the police force and heads to Mexico to face off against corrupt cops. Enemmy is a 2013 Indian Hindi-language action thriller film directed by Ashu Trikha. From Director Brandon Ho &amp; Writer Joseph Reidhead comes the Romantic Comedy "Missed Connections" a story about love, identity, the universe, and well, sandwiches.  Marc Reid (Kevin O'Keefe), a discouraged romance novelist, is setup on a blind date with girl named Melissa by his over excited sister Julia (Sarah Kent). Marc, a little less than enthusiastic, ends up picking up Jessie (Tatum Langton) instead of Melissa from the apartment complex. As the night unfolds Jessie and Marc meet up with old friends Gary (Bryce Chamberlain) and Mary (Renny Grames) and make a couple of new friends along the way.  Things are complicated by Jessie's boyfriend Trent (Lawrence Fernandez). But will Jessie and Marc be able to find love? Can Jessie help Marc rediscover romance and his passion of writing or are they cursed to simply be another missed connection? A group of Bangladeshi scientists discover an ideal planet for human settlement. Musa, who is only a thirteen-year-old shoe shiner, undergoes destiny through his adventure of waging war during the war time. Will he manage to bring peace among the troops who keep on fighting for nothing? Several accidents on the motorway Cikopo-Palimanan aka Cipali attract public attention. Many believe that the construction of the road has mystical story. There is a mysterious stone piled on the side of the motorway. The mystery is revealed by this film. A rogue police detective in search of his parents' killer is murdered and reborn the ultimate killer. Legendary hitman Vet Jones never expected to accept another mission. But when his son fails to assassinate an important target, and a powerful crime boss gives Jones an ultimatum - finish the job or his son dies - Jones has no choice but to accept. After realizing the target is innocent, Jones tries to change his mission in order to protect the target - but can he save her life as well as the life of his son? Prone to wander, Tyler McMillan has it all but doesn't appreciate living in the shadow of his over-achieving brother. With an early inheritance in hand from his trusting father, Tyler heads to Vegas indulging in gambling, parties and riotous living. His addictions lead him into a den of thieves and the prospect of losing everything, including his own life.His father's only wish is that Tyler will return safely home. Can a child stray so far, a father's love can't save him? A biography of the civil-rights activist and labor organizer Cesar Chavez.  Chronicling the birth of a modern American labour movement, Cesar Chavez tells the story of the famed civil rights leader and labour organiser torn between his duties as a husband and father and his commitment to securing a living wage for farm workers. Passionate but soft-spoken, Chavez embraced non-violence as he battled greed and prejudice in his struggle to bring dignity to working people. Based on the seinen science fiction manga series by Iwahara Yuuji, serialised in Monthly Comic Beam.A mysterious virus, nicknamed Medusa, is spreading around Japan, turning its victims into stone. Given the impossibility of finding an immediate cure, the government opts for cryopreserving a select group of patients until they come up with a solution. Kasumi, one of the chosen ones, has been asleep for years and her awakening, more than a bed of roses, is a bed of thorns, and happens in the midst of total chaos where monstrous creatures lie in wait all around. Aasma is a story about lives of six friends, set out on a mission : a mission to touch the sky with their brilliance, talent and sheer dedication. The success story of a theatre group that embodies the love and togetherness amongst these friends. It's a story of people who have faith in spite of the agonies and tribulations that life presents to each of them. No one has entered a biography for him. Kutti Puli (Sasikumar) is a happy go-lucky good hearted ruffian, whose mother (Saranya Ponvannan) wants him to settle down. But our hero does not believe in love or marriage till he meets Bharathy (Lakshmi Menon), who changes his attitude. But his enemies will not allow him to lead a respectful family life. Meanwhile a Silambatam match breaks out into a haphazard fight between Puli and a local gang; the events turn out to become a bloodbath after the goons beat Puli up pretty badly. Post the trauma and pain, will Puli avenge his pride? What happens to Bharathi's love? Can Puli lead a normal life that his mother always wanted to? The rest of plot unveils with all these questions answered. Two modern-day treasure hunters go searching for the lost gold of a legendary 1800s outlaw in the remote jungles of Far North Queensland. Biopic of the famous French writer Emile Zola and his involvement in the Dreyfus Affair. Every year, sisters Samantha and Maggie fly home to spend Fourth of July with their parents. But this year Samantha's new husband Dan has mapped out the perfect road trip. With Maggie's husband's Jeep packed to the brim, they head out. But the fun is cut short when their car gets stolen, leaving them stranded in the middle of the desert. With no car, and no cell service, they are forced to seek the help of some small town locals. As the stranded travellers wait for the Sheriff to locate their car, it becomes painfully obvious that the locals have other plans for them. When there's nowhere to hide, all they can do is Run Like Hell. A rainbow-colored tornado takes Haruto and Koyomi to an alternate reality called "Magic Land". There, its residents never developed science. Instead they put extensive research on magic. As a result, anyone has an ability to use magic, and some of them can even transform into a Kamen Rider Mage. When Haruto arrives, he meets a young orphan called Shiina. As Haruto explores Magic Land, he finds the Emerald Palace and meets Emperor Maya. He also meets Prime Minister Orma, who is known as Kamen Rider Sorcerer, who does not appear what he may seem to be... A martial arts instructor working at a police academy gets imprisoned after killing a man by accident. But when a vicious killer starts targeting martial arts masters, the instructor offers to help the police in return for his freedom. Dub's cousin "Chicago Rick" (Geoff Brown), comes to visit his peaceful life in Minnesota. When Dub inquires of the reason for his visit, Rick tells Dub it's strictly casual, meanwhile Rick has plans to take over the streets of the Twin Cities. Chicago Rick's path of destruction sets him up to bump heads with Plukey, the current boss of the Twin Cities, igniting a war between under bosses, and making himself a lead suspect in the murder of a local missing girl. Putting Dub in the middle of it all. A couple of blue collar boys seek revenge on a group of drug dealers through a series of robberies. On the hottest day in 50 years, a serious fire incident happened to a busy commercial tower, a gaggle of fire fighters with an indestructible enthusiasm are going to save lives. A doctor desperately tries to save his wife and their 5 year old son after their vacation in the Bahamas takes an unexpected turn. Financial tycoon and former triad member Yu Shun-tin tries to eradicate the drug market while 'Jizo' aims to singlehandedly take over Hong Kong's drug exchange as the number one drug lord.  Meanwhile, Lam Ching-fung, a cop from the Narcotics Bureau works towards preventing drug abuse but faces uncertainty. When the four boys see an R-rated movie featuring Canadians Terrance and Philip, they are pronounced "corrupted", and their parents pressure the United States to wage war against Canada. 1 Way Up tells the inspirational story of Tre and Quillan, two teenage boys on the road to the BMX World Championships. They hope to escape one of the toughest gang neighborhoods in London with the only thing they have - a bike. The film follows them on their path - from early preparations, to victories and defeats on the race track, to relationships with their friends and families. Based on an actual incident at the University of Virginia Medical Center, this made-for-TV drama (also known as "Switched At Birth") tells the story of Sarah and Linda, two mothers who give birth on the same day in the same hospital. 18 months after the two women had contentedly gone home with the babies, a DNA test proves the infants were switched at birth by the hospital... Barry White and Love Unlimited in Concert (1975) A former soldier is taken captive and awakens in the back of a van where he learns that he only has less than 10 minutes to figure out how he got there. The movie is about the life of Ajarn Noo the master of yantra tattooing. He first started to study about magic spells and yantra tattooing at the age of six. His name became renowned as many people tried to test the efficiency of his ability even though he tried to avoid them. The movie shows the way he dealt with his life until he can became who he is today. When Travis, the mouthy son of a criminal, disappears in the Amazon in search of a treasured artifact, his father sends in Beck, who becomes Travis's rival for the affections of Mariana, a mysterious Brazilian woman. With his steely disposition, Beck is a man of few words -- but it takes him all the discipline he can muster to work with Travis to nab a tyrant who's after the same treasure. In this early comedy from John Ford, Riley is a New York Irish cop sent to Germany to track down a young man who stole money from a local bakery. Movie about David Lama climbing the Patagonian mountain Cerro Torre for the first time free, a mountain that has been dubbed the most difficult to climb in the world. A down-on-his-luck man must prove he's not as hapless as he seems when the woman he's on a date with is suddenly kidnapped. A fisherman with money problems hires out his boat to transport criminals. An uptight by-the-book cop must protect the widow of a drug boss from crooked cops and gunmen. As a North Korean sleeper cell agent, Ryu-han infiltrates the South and assumes the role of a village idiot in a rural town. He observes the townsfolk and waits patiently for his mission. One day, after 2 years of playing the role of the village idiot, fellow elite spies Hae-rang, posed as a rock star and Hae-jin, posed as an ordinary student, are dispatched to the same town as Ryu-han. He helps the other two spies settle in and teach them how to adjust in the South. There is a sudden drastic political power shift in the North and all three spies receive an urgent and ultimate mission. A former race car driver is abducted by a mysterious thief and forced to be the wheel-man for a crime that puts them both in the sights of the cops and the mob. HA Yoon-ju becomes the newest member to a unit within the Korean Police Forces Special Crime Department that specializes in surveillance activities on high profile criminals. She teams up with HWANG Sang-Jun, the veteran leader of the unit, and tries to track down James who is the cold-hearted leader of an armed criminal organization. This is the story about a rediscovered two-faced diamond mask. Stolen from Africa some 300 years ago, the mask surfaces in the hands of Texas resident Dr. Dye Oppenheimer (Joe Grisaffi). When Oppenheimer decides to exhibit the artifact, geologist and anthropology professor Dr. Catherine "Cat" Ileka (Kae Shakir) and her friend Sweetwater Brown (Perez Egbi) confront Dr. Oppenheimer and his accomplice Jesse Holland (Ramsey Nouah) about the mask's origin. They then attempt to steal the mask and take it back to Africa. After being kidnapped as a small child and raised by the five men who abducted him, a teenage boy is now forced to join their life in crime. Set in the 19th century, when lowly butcher Dol Moo-Chi refuses to carry out an assignment, his failure causes tragedy to unfold upon his family and himself. As Dol Moo-Chi is about to be executed, a group of righteous thieves known as Kundo arrive.  A man (Colin Clive) with a broken back dies after his wife (Josephine Hutchinson) has an affair with his brother (George Brent). A ne er-do-well thirty-something attempts to appease her family by kidnapping herself an attractive boyfriend for the family Christmas. Despite unlikely odds and dysfunctional family moments, the two fall in love and share a magical Christmas. Trapped inside an old mining complex, somewhere in the ruins of Chernobyl, a group of international mercenaries must band together to fight an army of mad men. 8 against 800, they just couldn't lose. One night per year, the government sanctions a 12-hour period in which citizens can commit any crime they wish -- including murder -- without fear of punishment or imprisonment. Leo, a sergeant who lost his son, plans a vigilante mission of revenge during the mayhem. However, instead of a death-dealing avenger, he becomes the unexpected protector of four innocent strangers who desperately need his help if they are to survive the night. Fearing the actions of a god-like Super Hero left unchecked, Gotham City's own formidable, forceful vigilante takes on Metropolis's most revered, modern-day savior, while the world wrestles with what sort of hero it really needs. And with Batman and Superman at war with one another, a new threat quickly arises, putting mankind in greater danger than it's ever known before. In the highlands of Scotland in the 1700s, Rob Roy tries to lead his small town to a better future, by borrowing money from the local nobility to buy cattle to herd to market. When the money is stolen, Rob is forced into a Robin Hood lifestyle to defend his family and honour. "IT'S ENTERTAINMENT"-DVD TRACK LIST 1. Take Me Home 2. Every Breath You Take 3. Just Like Jesse James 4. Hard to Say I'm Sorry 5. Home 6. Life Without You 7. You Raise Me Up 8. Hallelujah 9. Standing on the Corner 10. Bad Bad Leroy Brown 11. Surf Medley - Surf City/Fun, Fun, Fun/Surfin' USA Doo Wacka Doo(I'm gonna be) 500 Miles 12. Still Haven't Found (What I'm Looking For) 13. Lough Swilly Railway 14. Ireland's Cal An ordinary man, who goes against all odds to forge his own destiny and become a star in the glittering sky of 'Bombay,' thriving on jazz and violence. In the future, nations have been replaced by Projects that are managed like corporations. Neighborhoods are Quadrants that closely monitored by the supervisors of the Projects and these are led by a man named BLAS. Productivity at all costs is at the core of the new society. Against this backdrop, ROSA Santos, a university student, falls in love with DANIEL, another student from a lesser Quadrant, much to the dismay of her mother. Rosa's mother will stop at nothing to better hers and her daughter's life including forcing her to marry an influential member of the Supervisors, Stefano GRAVELLI, a move that unleashes a series of events that will drag Rosa and Daniel into a conflict of political intrigue and danger. A soldier introduces himself to the Peterson family, claiming to be a friend of their son who died in action. After the young man is welcomed into their home, a series of accidental deaths seem to be connected to his presence. Picking up a few months after the end of the TV drama series "Juvana", Daim is freed from the juvenile centre after being found not guilty of murdering his mother. He tries to lead a normal life in the outside world, but finds that it is vastly different from life in juvenile prison. Daim begins to attend high school in hopes of finishing his SPM. He also finds a job at the brick factory to support himself. However, in school, he is bullied by the other students and does not have any friends besides Sara. Further, the school guard who knows about his status as an ex-juvenile convict is always watching him. Everything that goes wrong in school is blamed on Daim as well... "Kerat 14" is an action packed thriller that started of with the love story of Haziq and Nuzara. Haziq and Nuzara are a very romantic loving couples and Haziq has a tremendous amount of love for Nurzara. But Haziq is involved in unhealthy social activities which Nurzara is not very happy with. In between them Aril appears and is attracted to Nurzara's beauty while Nurzara and Haziq are at a night club in Kuala Lumpur. An unexpected horrifying tragedy happens in the love story of Haziq and Nurzara and is under investigation of ASP Razman. Who will be the victim in this love story of Nurzara and Haziq? Will Haziq win the love of Nurzara? Will Haziq be able to stand by his true love and care for Nurzara ? A man with an unknown disease travels to an island with his girlfriend where his relatives once lived, hoping to find a cure to his illness. While it was thought that his relatives were all dead he actually finds them to be living underground. However because they have been inbreeding for all these years they don't look right, plus they have developed a pretty bad eating habit. Will he chose his girlfriend or his people? During an exclusive tour, a power breakdown inside a secret prison known as the Death House sends two agents fighting through a labyrinth of horrors while being pursued by a ruthless army of roaming inmates. As they fight to escape, the agents push toward the lowest depths of the facility where they learn a supernatural group of evil beings is their only chance for survival. American businessman Brian Chandler has a perfect life with a great job and beautiful fiancee. When his boss, renegade coffee mogul Calvert Jenkins sends him to Thailand to inspect a crop for purchase, Brian meets Ticha, a beautiful Bangkok executive who has long-since given up on the prospects of finding love. Manhattan explores how the life of a middle-aged television writer dating a teenage girl is further complicated when he falls in love with his best friend's mistress. Shankar is an orphan raised by a sincere police officer Raja Rao. In an unexpected situation, Raja Rao's son Bharath kills a kid and Shankar takes the blame, and is imprisoned while Raja Rao warns him not to meet him again. In 2007, when NBA referee Tim Donaghy got caught betting on games he worked, he said two men associated with the Gambino crime family - a bookie named Baba Battista and a drug dealer named Tommy Martino - threatened to kill his family if he didn't give them gambling picks. That's what Donaghy told the FBI, that's what he told 60 Minutes, and that's what he testified in court. But that's not what really happened. That's not even close. INSIDE GAME is the untold true story of one of the biggest scandals in sports history. "Immersion the movie" is a journey of what is surfing now. 7 years in the making, Immersion features some of surfing's greatest talents and personalities and takes you to some of the world's most isolated, notorious and picturesque surfing locations - Australia, Hawaii, Fiji, Tahiti.  This film captures mind-blowing swell events that made history and glue the viewer to its seat. You will travel following the footsteps of the film maker, Tim Bonython, and will embark on a memorable journey. Each sequence has a purpose and a story to tell.  Immersion is an intense sight and sound experience for surfing enthusiasts and ocean lovers of all tastes, generation and walks of live. "I'll blow up Mapo Bridge." An anonymous call comes into a radio station one day. When it turns out to be legitimate, a terrorist's threats end up getting broadcast live throughout the country. "Kidon" begins in the morning of the 18th of February 2010 in Tel-Aviv when the whole world wakes up discovering, on the front page of all the newspapers, pictures of the Mossad agents caught while killing Mahmoud al Mabhouh in Dubai a month earlier. It was the first time that simple security cameras of a hotel caught secret agents red-handed, what's more Israeli agents. But without doubt, the most surprised of all were the Mossad leaders who were the only ones to know for sure that the 3 men and the woman, whose faces were in all the newsrooms of the world, had nothing to do with them. From then on, a race against time is undertaken hoping to understand why everything is aiming at them. In a totalitarian society of the future, in which the government controls all facets of the media, a homicide detective investigates a string of bombings, and finds out more than he bargained for. Jen's romantic getaway with her wealthy (married) boyfriend is disrupted when his friends arrive for an impromptu hunting trip. Tension mounts at the house until the situation culminates in an unexpected way. A heightened homage to the City of Angels, Electric Slide riffs on the real-life story of Eddie Dodson, the notorious "Gentleman Bank Robber." With a debonair sophistication and a serious talent for flirt, Dodson managed to lure money from mesmerized female tellers at over 60 banks during an epic spree in the 1980s. The action-packed and captivating tale of Dee Renjie's beginnings in the Imperial police force. His very first case, investigating reports of a sea monster terrorizing the town, reveals a sinister conspiracy of treachery and betrayal, leading to the highest reaches of the Imperial family. Criminal investigator Anders Olsen begins to solve a case in which a bank robber shoots two bank clerks and runs into the streets of Copenhagen with the money. When arrested, he claims to have committed the crime alone. Some eyewitnesses say the robber seemed to have been in a trance, which makes the case even more complicated and peculiar. Olsen finds out that the accused has been in prison with the charismatic Bjorn Schow Nielsen and begins to suspect that Nielsen had hypnotized his fellow inmate to commit the crime for him. But could it be possible - and if so, how can the true perpetrator be caught? Olsen seeks help from a well-known psychiatrist specialized in hypnosis, with whom Olsen delves deeper into the world of mental manipulation. Absorbed in the criminal investigation, Olsen does not realize that the mysterious Nielsen has secretly befriended his young wife. Soon the mysterious case touches him closer than he could have imagined. In the autumn of 1991, a small group of Croatian soldiers go on patrol in an improvised armored vehicle. Soon after that they would get ambushed and their vehicle would get destroyed, in that situation they were forced to hide in a nearby house. Whilst stationed in that house they would get attacked by rebel Serbs, Serbian Special Forces and the JNA (Yugoslav People's Army, also reffered to as Yugoslavian National Army). Their resistance to the attackers would last 24 hours whilst their fellow combatants would attempt to try and get them out of there. The movie and story is based on true events which happened during the Croatian War of Independence. The imperial guard and his three traitorous childhood friends ordered to hunt him down get accidentally buried and kept frozen in time. 400 years later pass and they are defrosted continuing the battle they left behind. Senator Gabriel Alcaraz is preparing to deliver a privilege speech alleging corruption in the highest levels of government. On his way to the Senate, he gets wind of a plot against him. The police seek to arrest him for his part in an operation decades ago. Suspecting that the administration isn't willing to give him a fair trial, Alcaraz goes into hiding abroad, hoping to find a way to clear his name and eventually return to his family. Back home, an old colleague is put in charge of finding him, and his family suffers under the pressure of public scrutiny. A documentary immersion into South Africa's diverse styles of street dance, self-expression, and masculinity. When loser Marvin Mange is involved in a horrible car accident, he's brought back to life by a deranged scientist as half man and half animal. His newfound powers are awesome -- but their adverse side effects could take over his life. Now, Marvin must fight to control his crazy primal urges around his new squeeze, Rianna, and his rival, Sgt. Sisk, who both think he's one cool cat. The last survivor of the dead planet Krypton uses his amazing powers to defend people of his adopted world Earth. Film starring Ritu Kaur and Sivaji, directed by Kiran Lewis Black stars in his second HBO solo special, an all-new hour of frenetic, take-no-prisoners stand-up comedy, taped before a live audience at the Warner Theatre in Washington, DC. Lewis Black: Red, White & Screwed features Black's opinions and insights into such issues as the State of the Union, abortion, frozen embryos, defecation habits, fossils, bad language, FEMA and, of course, Dick Cheney's aim. Add the plot. Mexico City. 2002, 2006, 2010. A cop. A hostage. A wife. Corruption, violence, vengeance. Three destinies, during 30 days, during three Soccer World Cups. Three ways to fight in order to survive. A chronicle of the life of Indian boxer 'Mary Kom' who went through several hardships before audaciously accomplishing her ultimate dream. During the 1980s, a failed stand-up comedian is driven insane and turns to a life of crime and chaos in Gotham City while becoming an infamous psychopathic crime figure. A look at the life of superstar Bruce Lee. Three friends exploring an abandoned facility discover a device that holds information about the future. Upon finding the device, they must learn how to use it while also striving to keep it out of the wrong hands. Julie Messinger is an intense woman who hides her wild emotions and desires under her conventional facade. Her husband Richard checks into the hospital for a simple mole removal that goes seriously wrong. A 2013 Kannada movie. When a former marine is framed for a deadly terrorist bombing, he must track down the mastermind behind the plot. But soon he discovers an even deadlier conspiracy that threatens the nation. One that will force him to choose between the freedom of millions, and his own survival. SEARCHDOG is the story of Matthew Zarrella, a Rhode Island State Police Sergeant who rehabilitates "unadoptable" pound dogs and transforms them into Search & Rescue/Recovery Dogs.  We come to know Matthew and his dogs and witness extraordinary moments over four and a half years of real-time searches as he trains troopers and their new canine partners to find missing persons. Years after a mysterious plague has devastated the planet and turned most of humanity into blood-hungry creatures, a rogue drifter on a vengeful hunt stumbles across a band of survivors in an abandoned police station and reluctantly agrees to try to help them defend themselves and escape to the sanctuary they so desperately need. Trying to escape a criminal past, one man attempts to join the ranks of the Shaolin Warriors, but is denied. Having impressed the King with his dedication, he is hired as a temple groundskeeper. Working on the temple grounds during the day and mastering Kung Fu at night, he prepares for a second chance at becoming a warrior. His test comes sooner than expected, when his King's enemy declares war, leaving him alone to defend the temple.  Marking the 75th anniversary of his birth, Shotaro Ishinomori's classic spy heroine manga "009-1" has been adapted into a live-action motion picture for the first time ever. Shongram (struggle) is a romantic drama set during the 1971 liberation struggle of Bangladesh.  A British Bengali on his death bed is interviewed by a daring London reporter, where four decades later, Karim is able to recall and finally share his past.  We are transported to 1971, when Bangladesh was still East Pakistan and a young Karim (a Muslim) is in love with a beautiful Asha (a Hindu).  The peaceful village life is suddenly interrupted by war and Karim must grow up fast to survive in an era where mass killings and abduction was common.  He must also carry out his duty and revenge before he can finally search for Asha. Wars of the future will be fought over water as they are over oil today, as the source of human survival enters the global marketplace and political arena. Corporate giants, private investors, and corrupt governments vie for control of our dwindling supply, prompting protests, lawsuits, and revolutions from citizens fighting for the right to survive. Sam is a killer by trade, one of a group of merciless men known as the Shadow Syndicate whose business is delivering fate for a price. But when Sam is asked to erase the line between honor and evil, he turns his back on the Shadows knowing this will make him a wanted man. A poetic look at the life and legacy of legendary author Philip K. Dick (1928-1982), who wrote over over a hundred short stories and 44 novels of mind-bending sci-fi, exploring themes of authority, drugs, theology, mental illness and much more. Kye is a prisoner of war caught between two armies that he doesn't believe in. When offered an opportunity for freedom, Kye sets out on one last rescue mission only to become stranded when his ship crash lands. Kye soon realises that the deadliest creature on the desert moon is himself. Karen and Jack met in a mental hospital and fell in love. They set out to follow what Jack thinks is his destiny: killing Elvis Presley. Six young ninjas are tasked with defending their island home of Ninjago. By night, they're gifted warriors using their skill and awesome fleet of vehicles to fight villains and monsters. By day, they're ordinary teens struggling against their greatest enemy....high school. A police task force traps an online predator, only to discover that the depth of his crimes goes far beyond anything they had anticipated. CIA Agent Bill Pope is on a mission to track down a shadowy hacker named 'The Dutchman'. When he gets mysteriously killed, an experimental procedure transfers his memories into a dangerous ex-convict. When he wakes up Pope's memories, his mission is to eliminate The Dutchman before the hacker launches ICBMs and starts World War III. A narcissistic plastic surgeon, who prefers women of a certain high quality, meets an everyday woman who questions his morals, his methods and his meaning to life. Freed of her responsibilities with the 501 Organization, Motoko Kusanagi must now learn how to take orders from Aramaki. Someone hacks the Logicomas, and Batou enlists the help of former army intelligence officer Ishikawa and former air artillery expert Borma. Kusanagi also seeks to enlist ace sniper Saito and undercover cop Paz into the new Public Security Section 9. A video surfaces in the media that appears to show a local Parish priest executing a defenseless man. The church brings in lawyer David Mallory to defend the priest and protect its interests. As David gathers the information he needs for the defense, he sees that things are not entirely what they appear to be. Hell in a Handbag is the chronicles the adventures of Father Michael, an embittered gun-toting exorcist priest, his at times volatile partner, the leather-clad Sister Joan, and their band of misfits including rabbi Ratzenberger, Russian bodyguard Silver, vampire pal Terrance and cross-dressing techie Ellis, as they fight a covert battle against Satan and his minions. A young man in Delhi tries to break free from his controlling brothers. When Banker Till (Axel Stein) is kidnapped during a bank robbery, he has the time of his life... Chul-soo is one of Korea's best intelligence agents: he can accomplish any given mission. One day, a mysterious explosion takes place in Seoul. Chul-soo flies to Thailand on a mission to rescue a person who holds clues to the incident. Meanwhile, Young-hee goes on a business trip to Thailand and gets entangled with Chul-soo's mission. Will he accomplish his mission and save his wife at the same time? A young American couple in love, Michael and Olivia vacation in Baja, but things take a frightening turn when Olivia is kidnapped by drug dealer, who demands that Michael smuggle a backpack full of cocaine-stolen from a rival cartel-over the border into the U.S. within twelve hours or else Olivia will be killed. A good Tijuana Cop is on the trail, as Michael navigates the treacherous underworld of Mexico, and he himself becomes a force to be reckoned with... A docile and shy girl transforms into a new persona, a dark and merciless woman with only revenge on her mind to get justice at her own hand.  Rival gangs fight for pride and ego in a world destroyed by chemical warfare.  Apokalips X" tells the story of human civilization after the Nuclear War in 2047. Men who survived the war live in chaos, lost direction and became violent. Several tribes emerged and would kill each other in order to survive and become the ruler. Two twins separated at birth grow up to be artists in an eccentric Icelandic film, that just like a science fiction film asks the question: 'What if ...?' Reese, an elite member of a covert unit of Ninja Warriors, is captured. Being tortured for information, Reese recalls the lessons learned from his training in order to fight his way free and stop an evil conglomerate from arming a dangerous weapon. Drama, Foreign - This powerful drama follows the struggle of clerics to keep Islam alive during the Japanese invasion of Indonesia in 1942. When one of the nation's foremost religious leaders is imprisoned, it galvanizes the people against their oppressors. Meet Kuda, the world's newest reality television superstar. He's left alone in a house for 6 months and expected to defend the house against intruders sent in to steal specific items - recreating the true suburban living experience. A chief mechanic at a factory, haunted by apocalyptic nightmares, becomes a hero when Earth is invaded by a mysterious army bent on destruction. In a distant galaxy three escaped female convicts crash land on a primitive world inhabited by a race of warlike apes. They fight for survival as the humanoid apes fight for their possession, body and soul. A daring escape is their only way out. Hot on their heels are the blood lusting gorillas and a prison warden bent on their return to the prison ship they escaped from. Treachery, alliances and battle await the fighting factions. Who will survive on a planet where apes rule and humans are only breeding stock. A spoof of the late 80s and early 90s suspense thrillers and murder mysteries, including Basic Instinct, Sleeping With The Enemy, Cape Fear and others. A cop/attorney (yes he's both) is seduced by a woman while his wife is having an affair with a mechanic. Lots of other sublots and visual gags in the style of Naked Gun.  Two physically handicapped youngsters make friends with a paralysed hitman and are commissioned by a local mafia boss. They have little to lose although things are never as they first appear. The boundaries between fantasy and reality blur as the unlikely heroes stumble from one close encounter to the next and we gain an unusual insight into their lives on the periphery of society. story of Nizam (Adi Putra), who seeks justice for the death of his beloved wife, Aina (Nadia Heng) and his child, whom she was pregnant with at the time, as a result of rape and murder by a gang. It is Nizam's solemn promise to himself that everyone involved in the rape-murder must be wiped from the face of earth. Nizam is introduced to Radzi's (Namron) gang by Khairul (Bell Ngasri), an old friend. Radzi's gang is one of the more feared, dabbling in night clubs, drugs and illegal money lending. After he is tested by Loy (Zul Huzaimy), Radzi's right-hand man, Nizam joins Radzi's gang as a debt collector. Among the names listed in the file are Aina and her father, under debtors who have failed to pay. Nizam is now convinced that he is on the right track... Venkatasamy (Raj Kiran), a helpful villager, comes to the city to spend time with his grandson Tamizh (Vimal), an IT professional whose dream is to settle in the US. Venkatasamy's straight talk and rural practices initially earn him the enmity of Tamizh's neighbors and girlfriend, Karthika (Lakshmi Menon). Eventually, things begin to change and he begins to win hearts. But by the time the city folks realize his value, tragedy strikes... Following the events of Volume 1,  the mutated glee club continue their violent rampage in Tromaville. Chrissy and Lauren, two innocent lesbian lovers, must fight not only the Cretins, mutants, and monsters but also the evil Tromorganic Foodstuffs Conglomerate. Can they, and Kevin the Wonder Duck, save Tromaville High School and the world? Fraser's unrequited love for the beautiful and rich Ginny gets a chance to prove itself, when she is suddenly kidnapped. He teams up with rebel Mac, who's got a score to settle with the kidnappers. Together they cross the country, looking for Ginny and the bad guys. When his helicopter goes down during his fourth tour of duty in Afghanistan, Marine Sam Cahill is presumed dead. Back home, brother Tommy  steps in to look over Sam's wife, Grace, and two children. Sam's surprise homecoming triggers domestic mayhem. Raghunandan is a billionaire and a big business Magnet based in Milan of Italy. He however is unhappy and wishes to reconcile with his estranged daughter Sunanda whom he sent out of his home because she married a Pleader Rajasekhar against his wishes. His grandson Gautham Nanda promises Raghunandan that he would bring his Atha to their home on his Birthday.  Sunanda has 2 Daughters Prameela and Sashi. Gautham enters the house as Siddhu, a driver who was appointed after saving Rajasekhar from a Heart stroke. Gautham woos Prameela but his game ends after he comes to know that Prameela is already in love. Sashi turns rival to Gautham and is suspicious of him and Paddu his friend and male nurse appointed to take care of Rajasekhar. This movie tells five stories set in a single day at the famed Chelsea Hotel in New York City, involving an ensemble cast of some 30-35 characters. Nanu (Abhay Deol) is a land mafia who illegally grabs people's property with the help of his friends. But his life witnesses a 360-degree change after he takes an injured girl (Patralekha) to hospital. Some unusually inexplicable things start happening with him and soon he realizes that he is not the only one living in his flat. There is an uninvited guest also. Art dealer, Charles Mortdecai, searches for a stolen painting rumored to contain a secret code that gains access to hidden Nazi gold. Every fighter has their stories... So does Saleh and Radhi, two fighters that is estranged from each other meet on the arena for the battle that they fight for the one they love the most. Saleh came from a family that teaches him to fight for honor and protects whilst Radhi fight for the sake of his sister's life Bidin Al Zaifa is madly in love with a Thai woman named Cherry Porntit. He proposes to her, but her brother, a Muay Thai champion, doesn't want her to marry him. Events turn for the worse when Bidin's enemy, Al Buqerk, comes after him to settle an old debt. With the help of his friends, Eddy and Aidil, Bidin tries to solve both his romance problem and his enemy problem. Johnson, a Chinese ghost and her friend, Samogam tried to entertain Susan kil is a depressed young man who has suicidal tendencies but he could never bring himself to commit suicide. His attempts to die always fail miserably until he finds the perfect solution: a quirky assassination agency that helps kill suicidal people. The assassination will be anonymous. He would not know the details about who the assassin is, even when or where he will die. This was ideal for Akil, until he falls for a girl he meets, Zara. Suddenly, he starts to have second thoughts on taking his life. In Osaka, three troubled young kids, Kanako, Atsushi and Kenji, are hanging out together all the time. One day Kenji who lives in an orphanage is sold to a yakuza and their friendship has to come to an end. 25 years later, Kanako is married to Atsushi who is an incompetent yakuza. They have 3 daughters. Kenji is a competent unbeatable yakuza. Atsushi, who sucks at everything, for the first time gets a dangerous mission to kill a thug who has attacked the office of his yakuza group. Kenji, who has advanced to the first lieutenant position, by mistake kills a dumb-ass son of the head of Tokyo Yakuza, which triggers a battle between Osaka and Tokyo Yakuzas. Then, Kenji meets Atsushi in 25 years. A climate of civil war, a fight that has made them lose everything including their youth, four soldiers aged 13 to 20 years, will meet and build friendships. In the grip of an adult conflict, which they do not understand, Mateo, Dominique, Big Max and Kevin will keep recreating, round a pond and a cabin, a family. Everybody has one--the sibling who is always just a little bit behind the curve when it comes to getting his life together. For sisters Liz, Miranda and Natalie, that person is their perennially upbeat brother, Ned. When Ned's girlfriend dumps him and boots him off the farm, his sisters each take a turn at housing him, but Ned's unfailing honesty creates more than a few messes in their comfortable routines. But as each of their lives begins to unravel, Ned's family comes to realise that Ned isn't such an idiot after all. While in medieval Korea, a young girl sets out to revenge the betrayal and the death of her mother. But therefore she must face one of the most powerful men and warriors of the Goryo Dynasty. Six years ago, Robert Kenner, a mild mannered postman from Peckham, South London was struck by a meteor which bestowed him with super powers. Today, Bob is an overworked under-appreciated "civil servant" for the British government. He spends most waking hours saving people and filling out forms. There has been no time for anything else. Least of all love. But today he has a day off. And best of all, he has a date with the woman he once met at the library. Now all he has to do is act as if this isn't the most exciting day of his life. Apparently that puts people off. Three thugs kidnap Emma, the daughter of a drug kingpin, and have no idea that murderous blood that runs through her veins. As time passes, the unlucky threesome finds themselves in danger from the police, gangsters and their captive. Officer Parashuram travels to Switzerland to rescue his girlfriend. He only has five days to rescue his girlfriend from her kidnappers. A man researches the mistakes made by mafia dons to reinvent the underworld.  A grieving doctor is being contacted by his late wife through his patients near death experiences. After waking up in a hospital with amnesia, professor Robert Langdon and a doctor must race against time to foil a deadly global plot. The jungle animals and creatures have all come to the point where they are living together in peace and harmony, thanks to the efforts of the great Mighty Mouse. But the peace is broken when the buzzards attack a helpless baby hippo. The super hero is kept busy fighting off the attacks of the sneaky buzzards while also catering to the needs and whims of the hippo. Finally, after the attackers are vanquished, all the animal parents leave their babies with Mighty Mouse as their baby-sitter. Maria, a fearless soldier, and TS-347, a man with superhuman strength, are being pursued by a military cell responsible for scientific experiments that have resulted in a zombie apocalypse. On the way, they will meet Pedro, a man with few ambitions and a great hangover. Together, they will try to escape to a safe place, but complications will cross their paths in the form of a nuclear bomb. Tormented by the serial killer who took her Mother's life, Journalist Laura Nelson investigates the only clue he ever leaves behind at his crime scenes; his diary pages. References in the blood soaked pages to Richard Ramirez, Jeffrey Dahmer and Ed Gein lead Laura to learn more than she ever wanted to know about the sick minds of these monsters. An ex-military man Daniel Wilson and his wife Lisa share a life which seems perfect in an environment of family people and cozy surrounding of trees and greenery. When they head to a local pub for a drink, the barmaid is raped by a gang member Frankie Harris. Wilson intervenes, beats up the thug Harris and throws him out of the place much to the pleasure of the other patrons. Later, the thug brings his gang and they beat up Daniel in a park. Daniel and Lisa comfort each other in their home unknowingly watched by the gang members outside. One night, Lisa is kidnapped from the house. Upon returning home, Daniel receives a ransom note and phone call. He agrees to pay the gang but the trouble does not stop here and escalates to a full-scale war on both sides. Jennifer manages to track herself to the lair of the villains. A man who loves his father dearly and protects him from all dangers is shocked to realize certain things that don't seem to be what they are. On their 2010 tour, an International Pop Star and band mates mysteriously disappear. As past and present merge, they find themselves searching for answers and fighting for more than just their own lives when a concealed industry is revealed. 20-year-old Jessica leaves the small town life in Sweden for Los Angeles with the aim to become the worlds next big porn star but the road to her goal turns out to be bumpier than she imagined. On an island off the coast of North America, local residents simultaneously fight a zombie epidemic while hoping for a cure to return their un-dead relatives back to their human state. Henry, a newly resurrected cyborg who must save his wife/creator from the clutches of a psychotic tyrant with telekinetic powers, AKAN, and his army of mercenaries. Fighting alongside Henry is Jimmy, who is Henry's only hope to make it through the day. Hardcore takes place over the course of one day, in Moscow, Russia. Rising model Meghla falls in love with a business magnate Ananta, but he soon finds out that Meghla was using him to become successful in her modeling career. An environmental action-drama-comedy that's also a tribute to the late Fernando Poe Jr. Diana was born and raised in the neighborhood of Estrela Polar, lost his parents when he was a child and leads a band of criminals who negotiates for drugs, money laundering, weapons, paintings, jewelry and tobacco. The peaceful order of the Sisters of No Mercy are forced to avenge the murder of one of their own when an evil priest and his co-hort 'Saint' Theresa use the order as a cover for drugs and prostitution. Sisters of No Mercy spoofs nunsploitation movies while melding movie making techniques with modern socio-political overtones and Internet found footage to create a viewing experience of meta-awareness.  Sisters of No Mercy chronicles our madcap adventures as we try and nurture and develop the community needed to sustain our independent theatres and video stores here in Chicago. It's also an introduction to a little-known sub-genre of exploitation cinema called Nunsploitation. Sex! Violence! Nuns! For his past to be concealed, he must first face his darkest enemy - himself A Super Computer plans world domination with the help of Robbie the robot and a 10 year old boy who is the son the computer's inventor. A desk-bound CIA analyst volunteers to go undercover to infiltrate the world of a deadly arms dealer, and prevent diabolical global disaster. The sequel of the 1985 classic "Gila-Gila Remaja" follows the modern youngsters in Malaysian society and takes a long ride to see the struggles faced by the young guns with actions, comedy, relationships and family. Hairul Azreen as Afiq is a youth who comes from a wealthy family and is interested in only motorcycle races and dance. Meanwhile, Faralyna Idris as Lisa is a poor village girl who mostly keeps to herself. Fizz Fairuz plays Haikal, Lisa's strict brother who tries to control Lisa's conversations and acquaintances. In college, Afiq falls for Lisa, but Lisa misunderstands Afiq behaviour because of their closeness, as she is also Erna's best friend. Kris, who is interested in Erna, is jealous of Erna and Afiq's friendship, which leads to a rivalry between the tw On the cusp of New Year's Eve, seven friends and a mysterious backpacker converge at a desolate ski lodge in the mountains when they are systematically hunted down by ruthless masked men with a cryptic agenda. The story is about Vishnu, a geologist and his wife, Sumathi, a teacher. They have been married for the past seven years but have not been gifted with a child. Things change once Vishnu falls while carrying out his work in a cave. He then sees a bright ray of light. Since that day he experiences strange incidents around him and his wife. An old man who appears to know what is happening, passes Sumathi a book, telling her to read it and to be careful. It looks like Vishnu and Sumathi are targeted by beings from outer space. Epol's motorcycle is missing, so he is now on his own adventure to get his motorcycle back! His motorcycle was stolen by two thieves, and in the process, Epol meets Azura, whose handbag was stolen by the same thieves! Unfortunately for Azura, in her hand contain a thumb drive that important for Tan Sri Bakhir, a wealthy businessman. Tan Sri Bakhir quickly offers Epol a sum of money; RM 50,000 if he finds the thieves and gives the thumb drive to the bank. Epol accepts the offer and his quest of finding his motorcycle and the thumb drive! Will he be able to pull this off? Sam is wounded by the Mash Flanigan gang who enters a saloon and kills everybody in sight including his brother. Walbash chases Flanigan to Golden City for revenge, leading to the obligatory showdown. One of the clever scenes is when gunfighters Gordon Mitchell, Lincoln Tate and Peter Martell interview for jobs and are introduced with their acting names Mitchell, Tate and Martell. Horror film about an incident at a secluded resort that takes place over the course of one night. The Tokak is a vengeful spirit from Sungai Raya who has possessed a man named Iskandar, owner of the resort. In order for Iskandar to return to a human, he has to murder and drink the blood of six women who have sinned with lust in one night. The film commences by showing a happy and united family, consisting of Nabab, his father, grandfather, elder brother and sister-in-law (who was pregnant). One day, Nabab met Diya on the street and they fell in love with each other. Following this, they had a tough time as Diya's father, Bidhan Chattoraj, hired goons to separate them. Even after spending a lot of time escaping those goons, the goons finally catch them and Bidhan Chottoraj gets his daughter back. Since that incident, Nabab's life faces a turn as he is accused of false charges and sent to the jail. But Bidhan Chattoraj doesn't stop here. In the fire of vengeance, he decides to demolish Nabab's family. He kills Nabab's elder brother and grandfather, paralyses his father, and finally, his sister-in-law lost her unborn child. Nabab becomes fuious upon this. The events that occur next, i.e., through which Nabab gets back Diya and takes revenge on Bidhan Chattoraj, form the climax of the story. When world heavyweight boxing champion, Apollo Creed wants to give an unknown fighter a shot at the title as a publicity stunt, his handlers choose palooka Rocky Balboa, an uneducated collector for a Philadelphia loan shark. Rocky teams up with trainer  Mickey Goldmill to make the most of this once in a lifetime break. Eric and Kurt Sloane are the descendants of a well-known Venice, California-based family of martial artists.  Kurt, the younger of the two,  has always been in his brother Eric's shadow, and despite his talent has been told he lacks the instinct needed to become a champion.  But when Kurt witnesses the merciless murder of his brother at the hands of Muay Thai champion Tong Po, he vows revenge.  He trains with his brother's mentor for a fight to the death with Tong Po. At first it seems impossible to turn Kurt into the living weapon he must become to beat Tong Po, but through a series of tests and dangerous encounters, Kurt proves he has a deeper strength that will carry him through to his final showdown with Tong Po. Veteran action actor and director Lu Chun-ku set his sights on a tale of Ching Dynasty royal intrigue as an excuse to hire his favorite action stars, gather three choreographers, and film one fight-filled conspiracy after another. Liu Hsueh-hua is the title character caught between battling princes. Then there's award-winning actor Ku Feng, "Bastard Swordsman" Hsu Shao-chiang, "King of Shaw Brothers' Screen Villains" Wang Lung-wei, "Venom" Sun Chien, and even the director shows up to get his kicks in this danger-fraught adventure. Framed for assassinating the Grandmaster, the Lost Ninja Clan must battle their way up an underground nuclear bunker filled with hordes of supernatural enemies, mutants and flesh eating zombies. Trapped a thousand feet below the earth's crust, these ninjas will face hell. After the engagement ring meant for his girlfriend is stolen, a young man and his friends plot to steal it back.  Denis (Praneet Akilla) has got all that he needs. Namely, two best friends Chad (Jian Choo) and Huey (David Schnetkamp), a job that earns him enough money to smoke pot, and most importantly, Aly, his devoted girlfriend of four years (Azra Lallany). Wanting to show Aly that he's serious about their relationship, he devises a plan to propose to her with his grandmother's impressive diamond ring. When criminals steal the ring, Denis and his friends must put aside their slacker ways and craft the perfect plan to steal it back. As the men race to recover the ring, they stumble into a criminal underworld more dangerous than they could have imagined. Two teenage assassins accept what they think will be a quick-and-easy job, until an unexpected target throws them off their plan. The Movie story is based on A Generation Gap. This Movie tries to break the gap, keeping the old and new generation intact with there emotions and with there roots. City life and rural life intact. This movie is not revolving around Jatt Story / Revenge. This movie kept the cast away. The movie sured Jatts are not the only cast who are farmers and these Jatts have one dialogue in common, if they don't speak with each other, they don't either fight with each other. In the movie they have sured old culture songs and also new today generation songs When a farmer's wife is brutally murdered by the ruthless bandit Bobby Durango and his gang of killers, Billy Rogers goes back to his old gun and starts to hunt them one by one. Daniel Lugo, manager of the Sun Gym in 1990s Miami, decides that there is only one way to achieve his version of the American dream: extortion. To achieve his goal, he recruits musclemen Paul and Adrian as accomplices. After several failed attempts, they abduct rich businessman Victor Kershaw and convince him to sign over all his assets to them. But when Kershaw makes it out alive, authorities are reluctant to believe his story. After gallantly rescuing his love from her would-be groom, the protagonist embarks with her on the trip of a lifetime. This movie tells the story of a man who goes undercover in a hi-tech prison to find out information to help prosecute those who killed his wife. While there he stumbles onto a plot involving a death-row inmate and his $200 million stash of gold. Agnee is a family action drama featuring Mithun Chakraborty and Chunky Pandey in lead roles, supported by Amrita Singh, Mandakini, Moushumi Chatterjee, Anupam Kher and Alok Nath. Looking for any way to get away from the life and town he was born into, Tripp, a high school senior, builds a Monster Truck from bits and pieces of scrapped cars. After an accident at a nearby oil-drilling site displaces a strange and subterranean creature with a taste and a talent for speed, Tripp may have just found the key to getting out of town and a most unlikely friend. Despite the signing of the Paris Peace Accords and the withdrawal of 540,000 U.S. troops in 1973, the America government kept funding South Vietnamese forces and their war against North Vietnam and Viet Cong spread across the country. Against this backdrop, Japanese businessman Toshio Sugimoto (Yusuke Kawazu) enjoys a leisurely existence, buying seafood in the relatively safe climate of Saigon. After accidentally killing a Vietnamese, his entire existence falls apart. Suddenly stripped of all privileges -- from no. 1 to no. 10 -- as well as having to put order in his love affair with the beautiful club singer Lan (Lan Tanh) and falling into the Saigon underworld, one mistake at a time, Sugimoto goes into hiding. But soon, hiding isn't enough. He must flee across a war-torn Vietnam, taking his lover Lan and newfound ally Taro (Kenji Isomura), son of an ex-Japanese soldier and a Vietnamese woman, along for the bumpy ride. This Documentary approaches the most notorious motorcycle club in the world from the inside. It is a different angel to what and who the Hells Angels are. We look back at the history of the club, it`s origins, backgrounds and worldwide growth and show what mass media has never shown so fair. The Hells Angels talk about, their conflicts and how they deal with them. There are always two sides to a story, the one and the other one. Approaching forty, Ferro is unsatisfied with his life as a construction worker and part-time boxing instructor in Los Angeles, CA. After a successful bout with a young pro boxer, Ferro decides to don the gloves one last time. The movie recounts his unlikely quest for Olympic gold. An international Smuggler is caught in the crossfire of a war between two corporate giants, and targeted for execution to gain control of his cargo. In a sleepy little town that never changes five foster kids discover a secret they weren't supposed to uncover. Now that they know the secret, nightmares come to life devouring everyone in sight! Three very distinct groups and their stories play centerfold to the world of "Roaming Hungry". Wreath, a 24 year old mama's boy, is forced to leave his house to find a job by his mother. In this effort to find employment, he accidentally hits the first trace of zombie in the apocalypse, a zombified girl by the name of Sarah . Wreath takes care of the zombie in secret whilst feeding it and eventually falling in love with it in his garage. In a different light, a trio consisting of a girl named Stella and her two contesting love interests, Josh and Brendan find themselves trapped in a provincial park amidst the zombie invasion, struggling for survival. And last but not least, two stoners, Carl and Reggie venture on a vacation up a mountain to escape the looming apocalypse only to find themselves on the trail of a strangely agile zombie clown who will stop at nothing to devour the brains of them both. "New York figures heavily into East Coast surfing history. The very first East Coast Surfing Championships were held in Gilgo Beach in 1961. The only Rightside stop of the ASP World Championship Tour's modern incarnation came in Long beach in 2011. New York City is the de facto epicenter of today's urban surfing craze. And no place embodies the competing interests of upper-class surf tourism and hardcore blue-collar localism like Montauk. Similarly, no surf film captures that Empire State spirit better than A Hundred Miles to The End, native son John Beattie's 51-minute ode to Long Island and all of her waterborne beauty. After being diagnosed with a medical condition that kept him landlocked for two years, Beattie vowed to make the ultimate love letter to his home state when he could return to the water. Action - When an elite band of private mercenaries known as Black Knight gets caught behind enemy lines in a Middle East combat zone, their only hope for survival lies with the team leader, who has escaped but vows to return. -  Salman Bokhari, Steven Dell, Eric Roberts Gajendra is the remake of  Telugu film Simhadri and was later dubbed in Hindi as Return of Khuda Gawah. Gajendra (Vijayakanth), an orphan, is adopted and grows up under Azhagarsamy's (Sarath Babu) family care. Azhagarsamy considers him like his own son. Kasthuri (Flora), Azhagarsamy's granddaughter, falls in love with Gajendra. Gajendra takes of a mentally ill girl called Indhu (Laya). The rest of the story is about why he took care of her. In a Bronx dispatch the aspirations and misdeeds of cab drivers, call girls and low level thugs collide in one wild night. The journey of a professional wrestler who becomes a small town pastor and moonlights as a masked vigilante fighting injustice. While facing crises at home and at the church, the Pastor must evade the police and somehow reconcile his violent secret identity with his calling as a pastor. Rangan Style is a Kannada Romantic Comedy Drama film written and directed by Prashanth S starring Pradeep and Kannika Tiwari in the lead roles. This film also starring Sudeep in an important guest role and also starring Rekha Das, Sadhu Kokila, Gurukiran, Sharath Lohitashwa, Tabla Nani and others. On the Edge is about suicidal patients discovering their true selves while going through therapy in a treatment center. A scientist discovers the bodies of three frozen genetically modified Russians buried in the Canadian North. Upon thawing them out he realizes he has unleashed a deadly threat to Western society and must stop them at all costs. When Ricky Miller, a single, quiet 40-year old aspiring writer and manager of Debbie's (think Denny's) and probably the last person you'd notice in a crowd is 'hit by lightning' and meets the love of his life, the beautiful Danita on E-Happily.com, he is catapulted into a relationship online but it's a lot more than what he bargained for - this includes being asked to kill! Hounded by his best friend Seth who thinks no "10" would even go out with a guy like Ricky unless she had ulterior motives (or needed glasses), Ricky starts to get skeptical himself. Turns out, Danita confesses she's actually married to a handsome affable crime novelist and former Rabbi, Ben Jacobs. Is Danita telling Ricky the truth when she says wants to leave her husband but fears for her life if she does? Will Ricky go through with the plan to kill him so he and Danita can live happily ever after? Ten humans on planet XT-59 paving the way trough swamp to reach Islands of Happiness. Based on the graphic novel by James Jones, The Thin Red Line tells the story of a group of men, an Army Rifle company called C-for-Charlie, who change, suffer, and ultimately make essential discoveries about themselves during the fierce World War II battle of Guadalcanal. It follows their journey, from the surprise of an unopposed landing, through the bloody and exhausting battles that follow, to the ultimate departure of those who survived. A powerful frontline cast - including Sean Penn, Nick Nolte, Woody Harrelson and George Clooney - explodes into action in this hauntingly realistic view of military and moral chaos in the Pacific during World War II. A group of friends pays a late-night visit to the city morgue to surprise Amy (Harris) on her birthday. But the surprise is on them when the one-eyed corpse of brutal psychopath Jacob Goodnight (Jacobs) unexpectedly rises from a cold sub-basement slab. Their wild party quickly turns into a terrifying slay-fest as the sadistic mass-murderer resumes his savage rampage complete with hooks, surgical knives and power saws. A put upon, knife wielding vigilante, Hectic Knife protects the city from scum, baddies and a new super villain bent on world domination, Piggly Doctor. A story inspired by the legacy of William Shakespare and the classic Romeo and Juliet. Cristal and Angelo fall in love amid a life full of violence, drugs, and social deterioration. Their families lead opposing drug gangs within the community where they live. Can Cristal's and Angelo's love overcome the negative environment around them? A new, technologically-superior Soviet sub, the Red October, is heading for the U.S. coast under the command of Captain Marko Ramius. The American government thinks Ramius is planning to attack. A lone CIA analyst has a different idea: he thinks Ramius is planning to defect, but he has only a few hours to find him and prove it -- because the entire Russian naval and air commands are trying to find him, too. With friends like these, who needs enemies? That's the question bad guy Porter is left asking after his wife and partner steal his heist money and leave him for dead -- or so they think. Five months and an endless reservoir of bitterness later, Porter's partners and the crooked cops on his tail learn how bad payback can be. Zombies of the Living Dead (2015) Seventeen year old LOLA FRANKLIN runs away from home but allows the world to believe she has been kidnapped. Intent on making her way across country, she meets a boy (MARLO) her age in a New Mexico diner. They fall instantly in love. But when Marlo learns of the reward for Lola's safe return, he must confront his own past and decide whether to take Lola back home to collect the reward or help her continue her mysterious journey. A group of passionate young environmentalists spend 100 days in the jungles of Borneo in effort to save the rainforests and its endangered orangutans in this Australian documentary... One year after outwitting the FBI and winning the public's adulation with their mind-bending spectacles, the Four Horsemen resurface only to find themselves face to face with a new enemy who enlists them to pull off their most dangerous heist yet. When a Harvard-educated CIA agent is killed during an operation, the secret agency recruits his twin brother. Franck and Simon are both good cops. They work as partners. But their lives take a tailspin when Simon, driving drunk, causes a tragic car wreck. A few years later, out of the police, he is forced to take matters into his own hands when his family is in danger. Rizwan Khan, a Muslim from the Borivali section of Mumbai, has Asperger's syndrome. He marries a Hindu single mother, Mandira, in San Francisco. After 9/11, Rizwan is detained by authorities at LAX who treat him as a terrorist because of his condition and his race. not available Daddy's little girl is going into the family business Demon hunter, Jebediah Huntley teams up with an FBI agent to battle a supernatural force in the southern state of Mississippi. A fake news broadcast that aired on FX, related to Dark Horse Comics' "Hellboy" universe. Aravind (Bharath) suffers a serious brain damage from a car accident. He is somehow convinced that he lost his lover Liyana (Mirthika) in the unfortunate accident, but his brother (Santhanam) swears that the girl did not even exist. Nazis take over Ontario in this contemporary political thriller.  Animated retelling of the classic Hans Christian Andersen fable, directed by Martin Gates and featuring the voices of Helen Mirren, David Jason and Rik Mayall. Far away, in her vast ice palace, the Snow Queen plots to rule the world by deflecting all the sun's warmth away from Earth so that it freezes over. But her mirror breaks, and on her mission to find all the missing pieces, she kidnaps Tom, who has part of the mirror in his body. Can his sister Ellie save Tom, and stop the evil Queen from acheiving global dominance? The world is cloaked in winter. Christian Adkins is a Renegade soldier longing for peace and the son of the famed Liberator. Jen is an orphaned nurse desperately trying to save children. When the two soul mates are trapped together at the end of World War III, their lives are forever entwined. Hoping to find proof of the paranormal, five film students set out to document the legendary Copper Queen Hospital. But as the sun goes down, they experience something far worse than they ever could have imagined and they find themselves pursued by a blood thirsty maniac Set in the Dominican Republic, Leticia Tonos Paniagua's uniquely Caribbean retelling of Romeo and Juliet chronicles the love between a kind-hearted teenager, ostracized for his mixed Haitian-Dominican descent, and the beautiful sister of a local drug kingpin he's hired to protect. Deep in the wilds of Southern Appalachia, lifelong moonshiner Popcorn Sutton runs 1 last batch of accurate moonshine whiskey. By means of the exhausting work of clearing the site, building a rock and clay furnace, brewing corn mash and producing high-proof moonshine, Sutton reveals the craft of standard distillation, the character of his Scots-Irish ancestors, and a lifetime of memories in the trade. Scientists install a micro chip, called Black Cat, inside the brain of a violence prone girl named Catherine in an attempt to refine and control her fits of rage. Their plan is to turn her into the perfect government secret agent "killing machine". A demonic nun unleashes HOLY HELL when she summons the devil to possess a MAN-EATING SHARK!! After his last assignment ended with the death of an innocent woman, a hitman's new job in London is compromised when he is overcome with guilt, and ends up helping a desperate woman who is caught up in a human trafficking operation. Mina (Priscila Fantin) is arrested for defrauding the Social Security and beyond to defend the other inmates need to escape from the prison director of surveillance (Tuca Andrada). The crime involved a Senator (Antonio Calloni), trying in every way to prevent your participation to surface. The death of her sister has haunted Ana since her childhood. Ana has returned to Tijuana, her hometown, where she will have to fight this fragmented, cloudy and painful memory. Poor young cobbler Wu Di lives with his mother and is crazy about martial-arts picture books. One day he repairs the shoe of wandering swordswoman Yuelou and later helps save her in a fight with wanted criminal Tian Baguang, even though he has no martial-arts training. She tells him she owes him a life and can be found on Qin Mountain if he ever needs her. Yuelou is actually a princess who was due to marry the emperor but ran away after setting fire to her palace quarters. In love, Wu Di sets out to find her, fighting river pirate Dugu and his sidekick on the way, and also meeting a hermit Buddhist monk who offers to take him on as a pupil. Yuelou plans to attend a martial arts tournament to establish her name, little knowing that the emperor's chief eunuch Cheng has arranged for her to be secretly protected by Penal Bureau officer Yang Guo and to win the tournament, so the emperor can award her the prize and persuade her to reconsider marriage. After months staking out high profile mafia figures in New Jersey in 1981, undercover FBI agents Joey Caruso and Davee Price get more than they bargained for when a video camera comes into their possession. They embark on a wild ride in discovering the truth behind this group and suddenly disappear, never to be seen or heard from again. Fast forward decades later when the survellience video reappears. Will this shed light on their lives and answer the mysteries from long ago? Undercover Police Detective Danny Myers must infiltrate a new street gang that has formed in the city of Smithville. This small but powerful crew of thugs have taken control of all criminal activity in the city. Detective Myers must gather as much evidence as possible to take down this criminal organization. Myers works his way into the gang through an informant and soon discovers that the Boss of the operation is an old childhood friend of his, Joey Kenefick. Joey has not seen Myers since they were kids and has no idea that Myers is a cop. Joey welcomes Myers into his crew of ruthless criminals with open arms Suraj a painter who is called to paint Asha's adult image who was lost in her childhood but the housemaid requests him not to do as there is motive of killing behind this so to bluff the culprits Suraj paints image of his dead wife Chanda. A simple man from a village comes to a city to make his fortune and will not accept mistreatment from anyone. After a shocking presidential victory flings an anti-gay Christian warrior into the Vice Presidency, Ethan  must grapple with his fear of the future and decide how many bridges he's willing to burn, and how far he's willing to go to do something about it. After the human race has been wiped out, Del lives in an empty town, content in his solitude and the utopia he has methodically created for himself, until he meets young Grace, who wants to stay with him. Light in the Darkroom is the story of two best friends whose faith is tested when their friends disappear during a religious pilgrimage.  1977: Industrial ghetto "Steel City" is under siege from organized crime, corruption, and a new synthetic drug called "Voodoo Blue". When news of a drug sting leaks to the wrong people, Detective Cal Beefer becomes a casualty - despite the protection of veteran cop Solomon Link (Ron Van Clief, "Way of the Black Dragon", "Death of Bruce Lee") When big brother Chuck Beefer comes to town, he wants answers! Chuck -once a cop himself- seeks to find the source of the leak and apprehend the killer and leading dealer of voodoo blue, a man named Afro Steele. Beefer delves deep into the seedy underworld of Steel City where he encounters Karate hit men, torturous drug lords, and a team of lovely yet lethal ladies known as the "Sisters of Sin".  Joanna Crane lives a double life. During the day she works as fashion designer but during the night she is the high class prostitute China Blue. As she is accused for industrial spying, Bobby Grady is hired to shadow her. However, they fall in love.  Meanwhile a psychopathic preacher starts stalking her. One day, Koyomi Araragi encounters the horrifying vampire, Kiss-shot Acerola-orion Heart-under-blade A.K.A. the "King of Apparitions." He saves the fatally wounded Kiss-shot by offering his blood at the expense of his own life as a human. Now Koyomi has to face the vampire hunters to retrieve Kiss-shot's limbs which were taken by these hunters... Miri is trapped in her past and this time her whole past comes crashing back into her life: old dead secrets, her dead parents, and even the walking dead.  Miris return to Manila only brings her back to more trouble the personal kind. Even as a young girl, Miri believed she is responsible for her parents death and the guilt kept her from building healthy relationships with those around her specially with her younger brother Mark.  Miri Alvarez, is one of the best agents of an international group organized to protect scientists and inventors from a tech-grabbing group called The Agency. But Miri is hot headed and refuses to follow orders.  In one rescue operation, Miris refusal to follow protocol gets her long-time partner killed. Miri is suspended and sent back to Manila. Bad City is on the edge of falling into the hands of a madman, you dig? A strange and funky new party drug is killing kids left and right and that jive-ass, crooked city councilor Dominic Kincaid is behind it all. After murdering the mayor, Kincaid has his sights set on taking over and running the city his way, the bad way. Thankfully, the one and only superfly Detective Franky New Guinea and his new partner, the truly unruly Detective Reverend Grizzly Night-Bear, are here to make sure that Bad City stays groovy and is run the good way: the Bad way (it's different from the first bad way, and better). So get ready to boogie, cats, 'cause these cops are outta sight like dy-no-mite and the only thing they love more than sex, drugs, and growing body hair is taking down turkeys like Kincaid who threaten their BAD CITY. When car trouble strands track star Reagan Farrow in the Florida boondocks, she accepts an offer of help from a pair of charming strangers only to find herself trapped in a brutal backwoods nightmare. Held captive in an isolated cabin, Reagan manages to escape and take refuge in the forest. Relentlessly pursued by the savage sociopaths who kidnapped her, Reagan will need all of her inner strength and resourcefulness in order to survive in this gripping thriller. A brilliant doctor on a quest for revenge buys a young woman and trains her to be the ultimate assassin, implanting gun parts in her body that she must later assemble and use to kill her target before she bleeds to death. Two young people find love despite the violent landscape in which they live. Ram and Lakshman, aka Lucky, are brothers who are polar opposites in nature. Their mother wishes to see them united. This film exposes the scams prevailing in pharmaceutical world; how people pursuing medical profession make money at the cost of poor patients. Though this movie brings up an important issue of corruption in country, it's element of romance and comedy makes it perfect entertainer. Few years ago Sergey from Krasnodar, Russia created a  YouTube channel. He documents his different moods with the small camera, shares his online notes, mainly when he is visiting his country cottage area. 15 years ago, the Super Task Force Six were shut down in secret by The evil Emperor Zagel. Since then, he has been working on a super weapon powered by all six armors. When a former Enforcer realizes this plan, he risks his life to steal Unit Green and passes it off to a completely unprepared Jason. Can Jason keep Unit Green out of Zagel's clutches? If the Super Task Force Six couldn't beat Zagel, what hope is there for the Super Task Force ONE? The third instalment of "Adnan Sempit" sees Adnan married to his childhood love, Nadia, and Bobby married to Wawa. Adnan, is also getting the hang of running his own business. However, the two couples soon realise that there is more to getting married than just sharing a home with someone. Based on Wes Craven's 1977 suspenseful cult classic, The Hills Have Eyes is the story of a family road trip that goes terrifyingly awry when the travelers become stranded in a government atomic zone. Miles from nowhere, the Carter family soon realizes the seemingly uninhabited wasteland is actually the breeding ground of a blood-thirsty mutant family...and they are the prey.  Detective Ben Walls finds himself in a modern day Dante world, passing back and forth between the present and the future. Surrounded by the residents seeking redemption, Ben is left with the task to find a way out. An all-girl gang tangles with rival gangs and an evil prison guard but their biggest challenge is sticking together. Ace is an impressionable young man working for a dry cleaning business. His friend, drug dealer Mitch goes to prison. In an unrelated incident, he finds some cocaine in a pants pocket. Soon, Ace finds himself dealing cocaine for Lulu. Via lucky breaks and solid interpersonal skills, Ace moves to the top of the Harlem drug world. Of course, unfaithful employees and/or rivals conspire to bring about Ace's fall. Inner city kids from a poor neighborhood go up against the undefeated Beverly Hills Junior National Karate Team. The Don of Dons is a forced love story with murderous pulp action. Mr. Brown, a man that is pushed beyond his limits must find a mythical figure only known as the Mad Sam. If he fails, the gangsters that have kidnapped the love of his life will kill her. Accompanied by his wild friend Esteban, the two must race against time to find a man that may or may not exist. When another Mega Shark returns from the depths of the sea, world militaries go on high alert. Ocean traffic grinds to a standstill as everyone lives in fear of the insatiable beast. Out of options, the US government unleashes the top secret Mecha Shark project -- a mechanical shark built to have the same exact characteristics as Mega. A pair of scientists pilot the mechanical creature as they fight Mega in a pitched battle to save the planet. But when faulty mechanics cause the Mecha to go after humans, the scientists must somehow guide Mega to Mecha in hopes that the two titans will kill each other - or risk untold worldwide destruction.  A young amateur fighter makes an enemy with a hardened thug when he gets in-between his next-door neighbor and her abusive ex- boyfriend. As his personal life becomes threatened, he realizes he must finish the fight that he started, but this time they'll settle it in the ring for the championship. An action/comedy about two offbeat filmmakers reuniting the Asian bad guys from action films from the 80s and 90s, to carry off one impossible mission. Gang-cheol is a legendary street fighter in Busan, who cleaned up his act to care for his sick mother. Things are going well for him, and he's happy in a budding relationship with Su-ji, vacationing in the seaside town. As their relationship grows, Gang-cheol is dragged into the criminal underworld when he sees Busan gangsters Sang-gon and Hwi-gon re-staging the accidental death of a Yakuza mobster as an accident and an old friend, Jong-su, gives him up to the Busan gang. Knowing he's desperate for money for his mother's operation, Sang-gon proposes that Gang-cheol works for him. Gang-cheol refuses, but when Jong-su gives the deed to Gang-cheol's how to Sang-gon as collateral for a private loan, Gang-cheol is left with no choice, but to bite the bullet. After fighting his way through an apartment building populated by an army of dangerous criminals and escaping with his life, SWAT team member Rama goes undercover, joining a powerful Indonesian crime syndicate to protect his family and uncover corrupt members of his own force. The Old, the Young &amp; the Sea is a vivid documentary road movie about the people and lifestyles of the "European Leg" - the classic European surfing route along the Atlantic coast. David Callaway tries to piece together his life in the wake of his wife's suicide and has been left to raise his nine-year-old daughter, Emily on his own. David is at first amused to discover that Emily has created an imaginary friend named 'Charlie', but it isn't long before 'Charlie' develops a sinister and violent side, and as David struggles with his daughter's growing emotional problems, he comes to the frightening realisation that 'Charlie' isn't just a figment of Emily's imagination. The Dark Knight returns for a fan-film that does Batman justice. "Caped Crusader: The Dark Hours" is a film that delves deep into the psyche of a seasoned Batman. Convinced Gotham City is in his able hands, Bruce Wayne learns mind-shattering truths about the world he lives in. A group of aging London gangsters go on a vigilante killing spree when one of their number is murdered by a street gang. At the height of the Cold War, Russia was working on a secret scientific mission, which, if successful, would have changed the course of history. The mission, "Project 12," was ultimately deemed too dangerous to continue and the scientists involved were to be exterminated. Three scientists escaped and Project 12 was sealed in a well-guarded bunker, never to be seen again...until now.  The lead scientist for Project 12 has now become the target of a worldwide manhunt, as he is the lone survivor of the Project 12 team and is the only man who knows the secrets that have been buried in the bunker. What secret does he possess, and who is financing the operation to bring Project 12 back to life and what is their hidden agenda Walter is a grumpy old man who suffers from his loneliness and sees suicide as the only way out. His neighbor, the lonely Vera, hopes that Walter will be the company he needs. She tries to conquer Walter using the talent she has in the kitchen. Between the two, there is the porter Zezinho, young Don Juan who sees no problem at all in living alone. A group of stranded commuters are chased by a hooded attacker into an office building, only to find the building infested with flesh eating zombies! They soon learn that their attacker is a Demon who plans on turning them into zombies as well. Can the elite, highly trained fighting force, known as DEMON HUNTERS, save them and the world from the demon and his zombie army? A pair of reformed gangsters try to find a husband for their newly discovered sister, but complications arise due to mistaken identities. A battle between a young man, his dead mother, a telepathic space alien, and a bureaucratic government organization. The tale of a rebellious musician. The main character is stricken with a horrible disease, but it doesn't affect him. It spreads to every inamimate object that he touches, and then if another person touches the object, they are dissolved into it. No one knows that Jake is the carrier except him. This brings about the "red objects" that specify every object that he has touched, as discovered by the community with cats. They use cats to test inanimate objects for the disease. And they cover themselves in garbage bags to protect themselves. Then they discover that Jake is the carrier and they chase him around... A documentary that chronicles Pras Michel's 9-day experience as a homeless man in downtown Los Angeles. Given a dollar a day to live, his worldview is shattered as he sees firsthand the fight for survival on the violent streets. The Canadian Coast Range is a humbling place. The range dwarfs both exceptionally large human beings and egos with its foreboding size. Norseman Productions follows Dave Treadway and Henrik Windstedt as they push into the range on snowmobiles in pursuit of big lines the Coast Range is never short of. Emmanuelle and her crew run into secret agent 0014, who convinces them to tag along on his next mission to save the world. A Manic depressive artist survives a suicidal fall only to be possessed by a murdered gangster, who uses the artist to seek vengeance on those that ended his life. The amazing true story of Frederic Bourdin, who after having plundered all the centers for runaway minors and deliquents in Europe, even thought he has come of age, now passes himself off as Nicholas Barclay, a 13-year-old American who had vanished three years ago. To his astonishment, Nicholas's family welcomes him like their son, leaving Interpol and the FBI aghast. It is the beginning of a race against time for the investigators, family and Bourdin. But who is manipulating whom? And who is Frederic Bourdin in reality? Led by Major John Cafferty, a squad of US soldiers are sent on a mission,deep into the mountainous regions of Afghanistan with orders to extract a mysterious top secret package. Now they are back home in a military hospital because they have no memory of what happened to them, or even who they are. In time, they start to recall the strange events that occurred: apparitions that appeared, luring some of them to their deaths and readings of a powerful electromagnetic energy from a strange unearthly power source. But there is no time to dwell on the past, they need to face the bitter truth about how they ended up in Afghanistan to begin with and the betrayals that wiped out their minds and nearly destroyed their lives. After an accident, Tom wakes from a coma to discover that fragments of his smart phone have been embedded in his head, and worse, that returning to normal teenage life is impossible because he has developed a strange set of super powers. J.D. Flitner arrives in Asuncion to strike a deal with crime lord Brasiguayo to grow marijuana on land he owns. Things take a dark turn for J.D. when Brasiguayo's lieutenant plans a coup during a trip through the streets. After being released from prison, a man will have to fight his past to recover the love of his son. After his past in the world of Illegal Street fighting and gambling got him sentenced, Sandro comes out of prison searching to rescue the relationship with his only son. Shendel is about to turn 20; his obsession with easy money led him to follow his father footsteps into the world of underground fights. Shendel is about to take part in one of the tournaments. In order to protect his son and win back his trust, Sandro will have to confront his toughest test yet. When his lover becomes the latest victim of a serial killer, Guru blurs the line between good and evil in his pursuit of revenge. In the 1200s, a man arose whose ruthlessness was so feared, he emerged as the greatest empire builder ever known to mankind. Inspired by true historical events. An ordinary man takes revenge only to find it's made him the target of a major crime lord and his army of psychopaths and professional killers. Special "back-side" (ura) short which features the background story from the party's side instead of Jil's. Based on an actual incident at the University of Virginia Medical Center, this made-for-TV drama (also known as "Switched At Birth") tells the story of Sarah and Linda, two mothers who give birth on the same day in the same hospital. 18 months after the two women had contentedly gone home with the babies, a DNA test proves the infants were switched at birth by the hospital... Three years after the demise of Jurassic World, a volcanic eruption threatens the remaining dinosaurs on the isla Nublar, so Claire Dearing, the former park manager, recruits Owen Grady to help prevent the extinction of the dinosaurs once again. Cuco, a mexican parrot, goes on an adventure from Mexico to Hollywood in order to get help from El Americano, a famous superhero from TV, against an evil band of birds trying to take control of his family's beloved circus. When Alex, an infiltration expert with a secret past, accidentally reveals her identity during what should have been a routine heist, she quickly finds herself mixed up in a government conspiracy and entangled in a deadly game of cat-and-mouse with a master assassin and his team of killers.  Armed with her own set of lethal skills, Alex looks to exact revenge for her murdered friends while uncovering the truth. The film centers on the titular character Salvi, a survivor in a post-apocalyptic world trying to save his older sister, Isabel who had been take away during their younger years. When American soldiers inadvertently steal Attila the Hun's secret riches, the wrath of the barbarian is awakened; the mummified warrior will stop at nothing to kill the intruders. A grieving affluent couple draws a visiting tennis player and thief into a savage charade where betrayal becomes its own redemption. A young person gets hired to kill someone completely unknown, by someone equally unknown. Or is that true? Nothing is what it seems. No one has entered a biography for him. Based on true events, Lakshmi is a story of heroism and untold courage. Lakshmi, a 13 year old girl is kidnapped and sold into prostitution. Thrown into this horrific, inhuman world where she is raped and brutally beaten she barely survives with the help of the other girls and her own will to never give in. Finally she is rescued in a police raid. Against all odds, Lakshmi shows courage where everybody else fails. Resisting all pressure - violent threats, coercion and bribes, she stands up in court and in a landmark case in India, succeeds in putting the traffickers behind bars. Daivathinte Swantham Cleetus revolves around Cleetus (Mammootty), a dreaded long-haired rogue. He surprises the parish priest (Siddique) by his uncanny resemblance to Jesus Christ in looks and mannerisms. He is roped in by the priest for the role of Jesus Christ for a light and sound show for their upcoming festival. His real self comes to the fore during rehearsals. The fact that he is a goon is revealed, yet the priest decides to persist with him in the belief that the experience of performing the noble character will lead to his transformation. Things change in the life of Cleetus after that. Events that occurred in the life of Jesus Christ start occurring in the life of Cleetus too. What happens to Cleetus and the people surrounding him form the rest of the story. Two American expatriates, Jack and Sam, unwittingly steal a drug lord's money when they rob a series of banks in Southeast Asia and become the target of the gang's vengeance. Forest Scientist Sonia is thrown between an international mafia gang and multinational energy enterprises as she secretly conducts research in a restricted area in the Canadian wilderness. With two disgraced police officers she unravels a worldwide conspiracy. Sonia's curiosity comes at a price. She loses everything and has to decide whether to run and hide, or to get even with her seemingly invincible opponents, turns Sonia into an avenger to find the last piece of the missing puzzle. Vatican investigators are sent to the British West Country to investigate paranormal activity, and they find the events are more disturbing than they first imagined. A body conscious photographer, Adrian, concocts a scenario in which he attempts to project his insecurities onto those who mock him. Hired by Adrian, his professed muse Mira and five other girls begin to question who is using who when it becomes clear that the not so normal mind of the photographer himself isn't all the girls have to worry about. A police chief tries to solve a kidnapping that involves a bank robber holding a young boy hostage. The head of the Reykjavik police department's internal affairs unit decides to use his investigation into a corrupt police lieutenant to take down a major criminal organization. A thousand years ago the world completely collapsed. War, famine, and greed killed off the human race. Not much remains except for the mutants, scum, and robo-people. Humanity is a long-lost notion. Everyone must kill to survive. Even Santa. Chan, an articulate senior detective nearing the end of his career, is taking care of the daughter of a witness killed by ruthless crime lord Po. Martial arts expert Ma is set to take over as head of the crime unit, replacing Chan who wants an early retirement. Three brothers Mitch, San, and Dee along with childhood friend Carl are all looking for fortune, fame and an escape from the poverty stricken world they live in. The three brothers use cocaine as their vehicle of escape. Middle brother San has dreams of becoming a huge rapper. He shares this dream with his educated, completely legal friend Carl Finley who is San's manager. The dreams of all four come true but at a very expensive price. Watch relationships become destroyed, families jeopardized and integrity compromised as this tale unfolds. The season turns to autumn. The fight of the protagonist and his group S.E.E.S. with the strange monsters called 'Shadows' is getting closer to the end. Makoto and his allies engage in life-or-death battles with Shadows in order to end the Dark Hour. Through the battles, some must face the deaths of friends and family, some must notice what precious things must be protected, and some must find meaning in the battles that have occurred.  In front of Makoto, the mysterious transfer student Ryouji Mochizuki appears. When the group greets a new morning, the gears of fate begin to turn. A fight revolving around each of the heroes' bonds begins... The strongest Hunters that once existed in the Hunters Association were split into "light" and "dark", and each walked down their respective paths. The "dark" side begins moving in order to massacre all Hunters! What actions will Gon take when the many crimes of Netero and the Hunters Association are unveiled...?! Danny's father, a pioneering research scientist, has disappeared. Suspecting foul-play, Danny goes undercover at the research centre where he worked. He soon discovers that there is something sinister at work. It becomes a race against time to save himself, his father and the entire planet! What stands in his way? Gangsters, toxic hobos, shady agents, clown killers, badly dressed desperado chavs, a renegade swat team, street thugs, mad scientists, a news reporter out for blood, a town full of hatred and monster with a taste for dismemberment. Welcome to Haven Port City - It's wrong on so many levels. A chief mechanic at a factory, haunted by apocalyptic nightmares, becomes a hero when Earth is invaded by a mysterious army bent on destruction. A technologically illiterate man and his daughter attend a Regal cineplex. After their newly adopted daughter goes missing in a small town, Steven and Shannon will stop at nothing to uncover the truth behind her disappearance and the dangerous secret behind the adoption agency they trusted. Risking their own lives, they will discover just what being a parent means and how far they will go to get their child back. Follow three professional video game players as they overcome personal adversity, family pressures, and the realities of life to compete in a $1,000,000 tournament that could change their lives forever. Attempting to recover from a recent family trauma by escaping into the woods for a peaceful hiking trip, an ex-lawman and his young son stumble across a dangerous contract killer. Scotland, 11th century. Driven by the twisted prophecy of three witches and the ruthless ambition of his wife, warlord Macbeth, bold and brave, but also weak and hesitant, betrays his good king and his brothers in arms and sinks into the bloody mud of a path with no return, sown with crime and suspicion. Detective Ricardo Colletti's personal life is turned upside down when his wife is raped by members of a notorious street gang. When two of the gang members are found dead, Internal Affairs Bureau makes a bold move to catch their suspect. A young gymnast battles a group of bank robbers at the home of her boyfriend. August 1944 two months after D-Day, the Allies are advancing across France. A team of British and American commandos are dropped behind enemy lines on a secret mission to ambush a German Officer and steal maps charting the location of the enemy artillery along the front line. While on a project outing in an abandoned military zone, five college students accidentally release a long kept secret weapon with a nightmarish purpose. Boo, Miu and TT each are facing problems with life, friendships and love, and decides to go on their journey to Malaysia due to an attractive pay job. In the hope of returning with a wealthy lifestyle, they found themselves in the trap of mysterious lady Zhu Ge. They soon realized that their task is not as simple as it looks, Zhu Ge is not merely a troublesome rich lady, but there is a significant plot behind. The girls were forced to get into a brutal boxing tournament, and found themselves trapped in a huge underground maze. At the brink of death, they deftly fight the syndicate with the combination of high heels, bras and female intelligence, creating a wild comedy. In 2013, Hive started planning a sequel, "MGS Philanthropy - Part 2". The project, unfortunately, in October 2014 came to a halt due to licensing issues. A piece of the project survived, though; "The Land Where Truth Was Born", a scene from MGSP2 which was originally conceived as a tool to promote a Indiegogo campaign for funding the completion of the whole movie, is now available as a 12 minutes short film. WKBA kickboxing champion and hard-action star Gary Daniels (The Expendables) takes to the screen in a border-crossing, barrier smashing all-action explosion that pits his will to live against the merciless murder machine of a Mexican drug cartel.  Hardened DEA agent Cole finds himself sucked into the deadly underworld of Tijuanna in search of his ex-wife, a journalist who may have gone too far in search of a story. She's been abducted by a charismatic Cartel boss who publicly aspires to public office while privately slaughtering anyone who gets in his way. Now, in a place where two cultures clash and life is cheaper than bullets, Cole is about to discover the cost of shooting to kill when you Misfire. This outrageously funny look at one man's final moments of bachelorhood stars Tom Hanks as Rick, reluctant recipient of a bachelor bash given by a group of friends who view partying as their full-time religion. Rick's worried fiancee, Debbie (Tawny Kitaen), dresses up in disguise and crashes the party to spy on her future husband. A portrait of controversial Breitbart honcho and Donald Trump advisor, Stephen K. Bannon. In 1847, when Ireland is in the grip of the Great Famine that has ravaged the country for two long years, Feeney, a hardened Irish Ranger who has been fighting for the British Army abroad, returns home to reunite with his estranged family, only to discover the cruelest reality, a black land where death reigns. A bounty killer is hired by a Mexican landowner to rescue his daughter after she's kidnapped by a gang of outlaws on her wedding day. A man is out for justice after a group of corrupt police officers are unable to catch his wife's killer. In the early 1990s, the future of basketball belonged to a young Dominican immigrant named Felipe Lopez. Featured on the cover of Sports Illustrated at the age of 17, Lopez's story is the ultimate profile of the American dream.  A drifter with a violent past comes to the city to kill somebody for money. On his way to do it, a young woman crashes into his life, giving him the choice - to continue on this path of self destruction or leave it all behind and start again.  Moga Hakucho, Nemu Watanuki, Mirin Yukino, Emi Odamaki and Ayane Shiomi are all freshman students at Shiro Majo Gakuen (White Witch Academy). All of the girls carry emotional scars from their past. Senior student Risa Kikuta assigns the first year students a hard, but necessary task to gain witch abilities. The freshman students soon realize a spell, but they don't know the hidden secret at Shiro Majo Gakuen. Kuduro (literally meaning 'hard arse') is an urban cultural movement that was born in Angola during the last decade of the Civil War. Created in discos and raves in downtown Luanda through a mixture between House and Techno beats and traditional Angolan rhythms, Kuduro spilled over from the center to the suburbs. It rapidly spread throughout Angola, through Africa and now all over the world. 'I LOVE KUDURO' follows the most idolized stars of this urban phenomena that today influences scores of young Africans. Local Kung Fu's plot revolves around Charlie, "an ordinary boy from Guwahati with a delicate stomach", his girlfriend and a number of madcap characters such as a wannabe local don and a thief who is rumoured to roam naked. Film is based on "Unified Estonia" which was a fictitious political movement created by NO99 Theatre and a large portion of the public treated as a real political force. Its convention, held for more than 7200 people, was one of the largest theatre events in modern European theatre history. Eastern and Western cultures collide. A musician and her martial artist fight to save the life of his mother back in China. Following WW II, a U.S. army officer stationed in West Germany is assigned with keeping classified information away from the Communists. Unfortunately, Red spies know that he suffers from sudden black-outs and use this to hypnotise him, and make it appear that he is a traitor. A black ops sniper is blackmailed by a psychotic international terrorist into killing 6 unrelated people in 6 hours... but there is more to the victims than meets the eye. 2199 AD. Yamato tried to leave behind the Large Magellanic Cloud galaxy, after receiving a "Cosmo Reverse System" at its destination, Iscandar. However, suddenly, it encounters a mysterious group at the edge of the Large Magellanic Cloud. The crew finds out that the group is called the "Gatlantis," and that its leader is the Gutaba expeditionary force commander who calls himself "Goran Dagaamu of Thunder." The commander demands that Yamato be handed over to him. Yamato, wanting to hurry to Earth, escapes the fray. However, Yamato is attacked by a devastating beam weapon called the "Flame Direct Attack Cannon" that can transcend space.  Lorenzo Odone was a normal child until the age of 7, until he started experiencing blackouts, memory lapses and other strange mental phenomena. Eventually diagnosed as suffering from ALD--an extremely rare and incurable degenerative brain disorders--his parents, frustrated at the failings of conventional medicine, start their quest for an unothadox treatment.  Spark, a teenage monkey and his friends, Chunk and Vix, are on a mission to regain Planet Bana - a kingdom overtaken by the evil overlord Zhong. A cop(Jarrod Crooks)is demoted to watch his boss'(Greg Kuper)daughter(Katrina Simyab)while she is on vacation with a friend(Shannon McDonough) When fame-seeking reality show bounty hunter, Boone, attempts to bring down a drug lord and his empire, he uncovers more than he bargains for and learns that justice means more than ratings. Hairi (Saiful Apek) is a loser who lives in Metrofulus. While working in the lab, he accidentally drinks coffee that has been contaminated by a virus-infected gecko. He soon finds himself doing the most insane things, such as sticking to walls, making chirping cicak noises and adding bugs to his menu. He turns to his best friend and apartment mate, Danny (Yusry Abdul Halim), and begs him to find the reason behind his strange antics. Meanwhile, the people of Metrofulus are constantly being infected by new strains of viruses, and the only cure seems to come only from Professor Klon's (Aznil Nawawi) lab. Suspecting something amiss, Hairi and Danny launch their own investigation and discover that Professor Klon is not only the creator of such viruses, but also has a more sinister plan up his sleeve, backed by his business partners, the Ginger Boys Ramlie and AC Mizal, who first tend to take revenge on Professor Klon's failed experiment on them; making their senses turn abnormal. Charlotte is from a family of beauty queens, but she has yet to win a title of her own. Her final chance is the Hiyas ng Dalampasigan Pageant, and her mother has taken steps to make sure that she wins. But her chances are dashed when the mysterious Samantha suddenly joins the contest. The two become bitter enemies following the contest, but they are soon forced by destiny to team up. It turns out the two have a hidden connection to a mystical past, and must work together to discover the truth about their heritage. There exists an ancient manuscript still writing itself called the Lexicon. It supposedly tells of the coming of the Anti-Christ, and happens to fall into the hands of an unsuspecting woman (Kari Wuhrer). Now, she is being pursued by angels intent on obtaining the information from the book Chinna (Vishnu) is a very witty and resourceful person who knows how to get things done. As kids, Chinna and Piccheshwar (Vennela Kishore) have a tiff and Piccheshwar leaves the village in a huff. Piccheshwar's outraged grandfather (Kota Srinivasa Rao) orders the execution of Chinna's family, forcing them to flee as well.  As the years go by, Chinna grows into a tall and fearless young fellow. He applies for a job as a journalist and he is sent on an assignment by his boss Avatar (Posani). The assignment is to conduct a sting operation on Minister Dilleeswara Rao (Pankaj Tripathi). Chinna succeeds in capturing incriminating footage, but he is caught and thrashed by the minister's goons. Clavius, a powerful Roman military tribune, and his aide, Lucius, are tasked with solving the mystery of what happened to Jesus in the weeks following the crucifixion, in order to disprove the rumors of a risen Messiah and prevent an uprising in Jerusalem. A drama about love, secrets, and acceptance Blood Type: Unknown follows wannabe novelist Caitlyn Landale on her journey to embracing her dreams. Wondering if life is not as exciting or magical as her stories, her views are forever altered when she meets the bitter-viewed Adam Godfrey. But when her feelings for the mysterious Adam Godfrey grow unconditionally strong she soon finds herself captured in a four centuries old secret that she never expected. Sivakumar is a timid young man, with a loving family in Madurai. His brother, a government official, earns the wrath of Simmakkal Ravi, the all-powerful gangster in the city. When he is murdered, Sivakumar and his father Kalayanasundaram plan to take revenge, in their own separate ways.  Chris Kody, imprisoned member of the US military, is released from prison and reunited with his old team in order to pursue a renegade scientist. The catch, the scientist has developed mind control technology that can make even your friends into heartless killers. Sean Johnson (Shadner Ifrene), is a member of a fraternity and a serial killer, who is killing members of his own fraternity who do not adhere to the fraternity's guidelines. He is dating the woman of his dreams, Christina (Khalimah Gaston), who is also a member of a sorority. When Sean feels Christina's love for her sorority doesn't match the love he has for his fraternity, he decides to kill her, but there is a bump along the way. During the process, he finds out she is pregnant and is now torn between keeping her alive or finishing the job. Never Not Part 2 takes a deeper look at snowboarding, going beyond the action, the tricks, &amp; the travel to expose the people behind the progression. By elevating the voices and viewpoints of the worldaEUR(tm)s best riders, this film taps into the snowboarding spirit, exposing audiences to the sportaEUR(tm)s unique culture and characters. Getting up close and personal with the riders, we learn what it takes and what it means to realize your potential and live the snowboard dream. Exploring the creativity and ambition that drives these riders, snowboarding expands. It becomes a metaphor for freedom and an inspiration to pursue your passions whatever they may be. Three best friends - Alex, Az and Jim - head to Ibiza for their first lad's holiday. Unfortunately, tagging along is Alex's unimpressed ex-girlfriend Ellie. Arriving on the island, the lads dump Ellie with Alex's sister Liz, and her friend Zara, and head to San Antonio to start their week of sun, sea and debauchery. Soon they end up in a club, run by local gangster Karl, where the attractions aren't all alive - they're zombies! Due to Jim's drunken antics the zombies escape, and soon all hell breaks loose and no one on the party island is safe. After two years of endless conflicts, Alex and Beno decide to divorce. However, the strong sense of love made them get married again. At this second marriage, they also promised to be more mature. A biopic drama-documentary about the 'King of Pop', that mixes real footage and new interviews with people around him (most notably his mother Katherine Jackson)  with re-enactments of times of Michael's life until his untimely death on the 25th of June in 2009. Cadence Simon (Perinda Lowe), Conner Chase (Brendan O'Donnell) and Charles 'Ruckus' Sisper (Altorro Prince Black) journey to the location of a secret cult compound in search of two of their own. When they come under attack from an unknown force, they fortify and barricade themselves in a strategic position with an experimental all female squad capable of conducting operations in the spiritual realm. Who will survive to see the sun rise? In 1868, a battle between new government forces and shogunate forces are about to take place in Edo. Katsu Kaishu (Hiroshi Tamaki) wants to avoid useless bloodshed and sends a peace envoy to Takamori Saigo, but Katsu Kaishu is unable to get a response from Takamori Saigo. One day, Katsu Kaishu meets high school teacher Mikako (Satomi Ishihara) and her student Masaya who is captivated by the shogunate. Mikako and her student Masaya tells Katsu Kaishu that they are from the future. Katsu Kaishu takes care of Mikako and her student Masaya, while Mikako hopes to go back to the future where she came from. In the Spring of 2011, Senegal was pitched into crisis when President Abdoulaye Wade decided to change the constitution to allow for a third term. An artist-led youth movement erupted to protect one of Africa' oldest and most stable democracies. A Foreign Service Officer in London tries to prevent a terrorist attack set to hit New York, but is forced to go on the run when she is framed for crimes she did not commit. Judd Reid's journey to the 100 man fight. An inspirational story of courage and commitment. In time of war, a man must survive to make a journey to fulfill a promise made and discover the truth. After a terrible battle, a man sees his great friend perish, leaving him one request - that he visit the king, father of the deceased, to give him the news of his death. Tied promise on his deathbed friend, the warrior part for the meeting with the monarch, an old man and convalescent, who lost his only heir. The king demands that the warrior's serve, but the man is tired of war and want a place to live in peace. When the warrior goes in search of tranquility, his path crosses that of a beautiful young woman, chased by soldiers. He saves her and discovers she is a witch. With the Inquisition coming to the kingdom and a new love in his chest, the warrior must regain their weapons to prevent more blood from the people he loves spill. A rift between two filmmakers and their distributors spirals out of control, involving a threatening Mob boss, zombies running amok and guns ablaze. Both a cautionary tale as well as a spoof, "Natural Born Filmmakers" reveals what happens when you mix naive producers, shady investors and carefully calculated contracts. And it does it all with a wry sense of self-awareness. It's the Hollywood dream gone nightmare. The year is 1173. England and France are at war. The destiny of the two great powers has never been so intertwined. As King Henry's wife, Queen Eleanor, is captured and imprisoned by the king himself, Richard and his brothers lead the fight against their father in a heartless war. Allegiances shift with each victory or defeat as the destinies of England and France keep swaying in a delicate balance. Anti Matter (AKA Worm) is a sci-fi noir take on the Alice in Wonderland tale. Ana, an Oxford PhD student, finds herself unable to build new memories following an experiment to generate and travel through a wormhole. The story follows her increasingly desperate efforts to understand what happened, and to find out who - or what - is behind the rising horror in her life. In pursuit of his love of extreme dance, Ken (Joey Beni) wanders the globe and makes his to Okinawa, Japan. There, Ken meets Iwao Shinjo (Masahiro Aragaki) who is a master of the Ryukyu Classical Dance. Ken learns the steps for Ryukyu Classical Dance, which itself secretly holds the techniques for Ryukyu Karate. James Bond is Back! Agent 007 trails a wealthy mastermind bent on getting revenge on the rest of the world for pains his country suffered decades ago. Bond also must face an old friend from his past: An officer who once served with him in the Royal Navy. Upwardly-mobile executive Jane (Sarah Butler) uncovers evidence that that her high powered boss may have been murdered, prompting the corporation to dispatch a "crisis manager" (D.B. Sweeny) to ensure that the truth never gets out. Now, trapped in an elevator during a holiday weekend, Jane realizes that she must climb for her life to avoid taking a fatal plunge. Brooklyn mobster and prolific hit man Jimmy Conlon has seen better days. Longtime best friend of a mob boss, Jimmy is haunted by the sins of his past--as well as a dogged police detective who's been one step behind Jimmy for 30 years. But when Jimmy's estranged son becomes a target, Jimmy must make a choice between the crime family he chose and the real family he abandoned long ago. Now, with nowhere safe to turn, Jimmy has just one night to figure out exactly where his loyalties lie and to see if he can finally make things right. As an old Boing 747 takes off for its last red-eye flight from a small Pacific island, unusual events occur intermittently. While all the passengers are panic, the captain and the chief flight attendant try to lead the investigation. The Summit is a 2012 documentary film about the 2008 K2 disaster directed by Nick Ryan. It combines documentary footage with dramatized recreations of the events of the 2008 K2 disaster. On the way to and from the summit, eleven climbers died during a short time span creating one of the worst catastophes in climbing history. Much of the documentary footage was captured by Swedish mountaineer Fredrik Strang. Strang was planning to do a Documentary which was aborted due to the fact that he did not reach the summit. The footage was still valuable to help solving what really did happen since all the climbers had different stories about what happened. In the 1930s , a Japanese cult called The Temple of Hades was ordered to cooperate with the Japanese military to destroy China. They buy so many  young children from poor family , who will be trained as a lethal killing machine and serve the Empire of Japan. One of them is Vajra , who was forced by his captors to fight for the food , and accidentally causing the death of his brother. Several years later , Vajra grown up and become one of the biggest killer in the Hades sect. Vajra escapes to China and joins Shaolin , where he receives spiritual enlightenment and determined to support China against Japan. He Jianhao is released from the Boys' Home and his mother Huifang, is worried that he would be led astray again. Thus, she wants him to look after her stall in Bugis under her stepsister's supervision. Jian Hao's girlfriend Shanshan also manages to convince him to retake his O-levels. Jian Hao is getting back on the right path and his future seems promising. Jianhao's friend, Zach, joined a gang Yi Ren Tang to get protection as he is always bullied by Alex. Wang Guodong is a gang leader of 660 and also the father of Alex. Jianhao joined the Yi Ren Tang after much persuasion from Zach... When Jimmy finds a mysterious package in the trunk of his latest boost, he is thrust into a violent underworld of criminals, and a race against the clock to save a little girl's life. JC (Alexander Polli) is a B.A.S.E. Jumper, a global playboy who lives his life quite literally on the edge, pursuing man's greatest dream - to fly. When a jump goes wrong, that dream is violently shattered. Haunted by the event, JC is drawn to his best friend's lover, ASH (Julie Dray), as he pushes himself harder than ever before - flying lower, closer, faster and recording every moment on film. Soon JC's dark descent threatens not only his own life but the lives of all those around him. BASE follows a man over the edge and watches him fall. A former boxer, who is now a drug runner, is given a chance to come back to the ring. First to Fall follows two young civilian expatriate 'rebels' on their 8-month journey to liberate Libya, their home country. Carrying cameras along with guns into battle, they took lenses where no documentary has gone before, capturing the madness of the Libyan front lines firsthand. Director Rachel Beth Anderson's distinct female perspective reveals their dramatic transformation as these young men give up comfortable, stable lives in Canada to take up arms against a corrupt regime and risk their lives in a brutal, chaotic war. Anderson's incredible access provides audiences a personal connection to this honest, witty, at times shocking, modern coming of age tale. The human life and the struggles it presents, test a group of life long companions. Broken trust, and a serial rapist leads to suffering and heartache for many in its wake. In this violent tale of normal America, no one is safe.  Set in the near future of Japan with the educational system nearing collapse. To rehabilitate the lawlessness at public schools and its troubled students, the government sends Kamen Teacher to designated schools. Five college students on a backwoods excursion encounter a deadly, nocturnal presence. As horrific events unfold, the group joins forces with a town local and a prison escapee and attempt to survive the night. A Russian Police Major is enlisted by the LAPD to help solve a series of gruesome murders perpetrated against young women by a sadistic sociopathic killer on the mean streets of Hollywood. Eight years after the disappearance of Cassandra, some disturbing incidents seem to indicate that she's still alive. Police, parents and Cassandra herself, will try to unravel the mystery of her disappearance. Described as a psychological horror film set in Soho, London, and inspired by "Don't Look Now" and "Repulsion." Plot unknown. Harassed by classmates who won't accept his shocking appearance, a shy young man known as "Powder" struggles to fit in. But the cruel taunts stop when Powder displays a mysterious power that allows him to do incredible things. This phenomenon changes the lives of all those around him in ways they never could have imagined. After an unprecedented global pandemic has turned the majority of humankind into violent infected beings, Morgan, a man gifted with the ability to speak the infected's new language, leads the last survivors on a hunt for patient zero and a cure. A story about 11 years old girl Maria who makes her way back home to Lithuania from Siberia. Based on a true story. Director A.Juzenas. A clumsy police officer must save the town from the forces of evil before it's too late. Omar (15) and Karina's (12) mother has a stroke during the family holidays. The siblings, drifting apart, will start a long journey through Mexico towards their grandmother's house. On the road they will face a broken and divided country. Where mistrust, resentment and violence are everywhere. Diverse characters -strangers on their own land- will lead them, in labyrinthic stages, until their final destiny. Joe Moore has a job he loves. He's a thief. His job goes sour when he gets caught on security camera tape. His fence, Bergman reneges on the money he's owed, and his wife may be betraying him with the fence's young lieutenant. Moore and his partner, Bobby Blane and their utility man, Pinky Pincus find themselves broke, betrayed, and blackmailed. Moore is forced to commit his crew to do one last big job. 1000 AD, for years, One Eye, a mute warrior of supernatural strength, has been held prisoner by the Norse chieftain Barde. Aided by Are, a boy slave, One Eye slays his captor and together he and Are escape, beginning a journey into the heart of darkness. On their flight, One Eye and Are board a Viking vessel, but the ship is soon engulfed by an endless fog that clears only as the crew sights an unknown land. As the new world reveals its secrets and the Vikings confront their terrible and bloody fate, One Eye discovers his true self. The film is revolves around a set of people out of the oddball and whose fallacy about each other's backgrounds leads them into a muddled situation. The outcome of the whole chaotic scenario is comically related marital mix ups. The film in the end is a total bedlam that the guys hide their wives and family from each other. Documentary about the lives of three Mexican families living in the U.S. without government paperwork. In the absence of Behzat C., a superintendent named Himmet gets replaced as the president of the murder Bureau. When the murder of minister of Interior makes a big impact, Himmet decides to take advantage of it and he makes his team help the fight against terrorism bureau.  The story of a young mother who loses her husband in Afghanistan and struggles to raise their young daughter in his absence. A hit man on the run and a woman with a secret try to evade teams of assassins headed by the lethal and relentless Mr. Gray. Alka Singh, the leader of a political party, and her obsessive love for Rohan Mehra, a rising star of Bollywood. Masaatsu Naito (Kuranosuke Sasaki) successfully completes Sankin-kotai (required ritual to visit the shogun). On his way home, he hears that an insurrection by peasants has taken place in his hometown of Yunagaya. Masaatsu Naito knows that it is a counterattack by Matsudaira. He returns to Yunagaya, but finds that his castle is gone. A moving, nostalgic portrait of the men behind the golden age of chanbara (sword-fighting dramas and films) that goes behind the scenes of the distinctive film genre for which Japan is most famous, with dominant performance by real-life kirare-yaku Seizo Fukumoto. Chiang is a humble, law-abiding man who drives his rickshaw, making a meager yet honest living.  Then trouble comes forward in the form of money, women and crime. He reacts in the only way he knows how. Chiang is a kung fu expert who explodes when pushed too far!  Nothing fancy about his technique. He bashes and smashes all who stand in front of him. See Chiang rip an army of gangsters to pieces in the roughest kung fu action ever! Both TyrannoRanger and AbaRed are attacking the Kyoryugers because of mind control by Space War God Boldos.  Boldos uses the feelings of revenge from enemies defeated by heroes who uses the power of dinosaurs, creating Neo-Grifforzer and Neo-Geildon, clones of past enemies as well as Enter and Escape,enemies of the Go-Busters. Villains spanning generations are united into a single evil force.  The Kyoryugers, who are fighting an unseen evil, meet with the Go-Busters, and the "Greatest Trap ever seen on Earth" is sprung. What rises up against the true dinosaurs, and the death of your best friends? Now, the Kyoryugers must try and use the "True Brave". A young man reluctantly embarks on a journey to his ancestral land of Lesotho to bury his estranged father, and finds himself drawn to the mystical beauty and hardships of the people and the land he had forgotten. Our world is coming to an end! We must prepare! After an asteroid collides with the moon and sends it on a decaying orbit towards the earth, Mankind is left with only one choice. Escape! Adam and his robotic companion IO must do what they can to get off the planet before it's too late. With the Third Reich is at his peak in 1942, the Czech resistance in London plans the most ambitious military operation of WWII -  Anthropoid. Two young recruits are sent to Prague to assassinate the most ruthless Nazi leader - Reinhardt Heydrich - head of the SS, the Gestapo and the architect of the Final Solution. A small group of friends experience relationships which grow and stumble, involving everything from straight, gay, lesbian, and bisexual relationships. The speed with which these relationships last leads to the Goldfish memory effect, the belief that a Goldfish only has a 3 second memory is a metaphor for the transient nature of the characters relationships. A Foreign Service Officer in London tries to prevent a terrorist attack set to hit New York, but is forced to go on the run when she is framed for crimes she did not commit. In London for the Prime Minister's funeral, Mike Banning discovers a plot to assassinate all the attending world leaders. A fancy garden party turns into upper class prey when a colony of killer wasps mutates into seven foot tall predators. The story of Captain Richard Francis Burton's and Lt. John Hanning Speke's expedition to find the source of the Nile river in the name of Queen Victoria's British Empire. The film tells the story of their meeting, their friendship emerging amidst hardship, and then dissolving after their journey. If you want to impress your dining companions in Cyprus, it's not caviar that you order, but ambelopoulia: a tiny songbird. But as this gripping doc reveals, the cost to bring such delicacies to the table is enormous. Bestselling novelist Jonathan Franzen takes a break from the world of fiction to guide us through an all too horrifying reality: tens of millions of protected migratory songbirds are illegally killed every year. Franzen, a longtime bird lover, accompanies young staffers of the Committee Against Bird Slaughter on their expeditions. With police enforcement in Southern Europe practically non-existent, they risk their lives to rescue trapped birds, and confront hostile poachers. It's a topic that proves a cultural flashpoint -- the Cypriot landowners cannot understand why a bunch of Italians can tell them what to do on their land. Set in Shanghai, the film revolves around a series of funny stories following a policeman named Liu Meili as he infiltrates a group of gangsters. Some Mexicans doing a traditional dance. The movie is set on a state-of-the art Aegis vessel with the full cooperation of Japan's real-life Ministry of Defense and Maritime Self-Defense Force. The corpse of a Self-Defense Force member has been found -- minus the left arm -- and a spy has infiltrated the Aegis vessel. The heroine Ran is put in jeopardy, and Conan is forced to stand up against the dangerous Spy "X." Four athletically gifted brothers face the hard reality that despite the different paths and success in their professional lives, their past will forever be entwined. When a former CIA operative is kidnapped by a group of terrorists, his son learns there is no plan for his father to be saved--so he launches his own rescue operation. A young Nightwing must persuade Batman to return to Gotham and fight crime again. Three generations of the rowdy Cutler family live as outlaws in some of Britain's richest countryside - hunting hares, ram-raiding stately homes, and taunting the police. Struggling to retain a way of life fast becoming extinct, Chad Cutler ends up caught between his father's archaic principles and trying to do right by his kids, whilst the full force of the law is finally catching up with him. Bayonetta: Bloody Fate follows the story of the witch Bayonetta, as she defeats the blood-thirsty Angels and tries to remember her past from before the time she awoke, 20 years ago. Along her side are a mysterious little girl who keeps calling her "Mummy", a journalist that holds a personal grudge against Bayonetta and a unknown white-haired woman who seems to know more than she is willing to reveal about Bayonetta's time before her sleep. "Jaffa Gate Is Ours!" screamed the headlines in 2005. Greek Orthodox Patriarch Irineos was accused of selling church property to Jewish settlers. He denied all the accusations. But for the first time in the church's 2000-year history, its leader was ousted. For 11 long years, Irineos was imprisoned in his chambers. In this first-person account, filmmaker Danae Elon unravels what really happened to the former Patriarch. With unprecedented access to the inner workings of the church, a riveting, mysterious, disturbing, and often humorous story is revealed about an unknown world within the walls of Jerusalem's Old City. Pete Hothead decides to buy a new car to replace his old beat-up jalopy. Meanwhile, his wife has won a new car on a television quiz show that is the same make and model as the car Pete purchases from a car-dealer. Pete arrives home and sees the car his wife won and mistakes it for the one he ordered from the dealer, but it is a different color. He drives it back to the showroom for a replacement, and that begins the first of many problems he is to encounter. In the not so distant future, biochemical technology has advanced in unexpected ways. Unfortunately, it has fallen into the hands of the wrong man. A brilliant young biochemist by the name of Jacob, who believes the world is a better place without humanity. Jacob decides to take matters into his own hands by beginning the process to wipe everyone out. Staging biochemical attacks through out the city, the virus is released, infecting millions, from a matter of seconds. The virus is fierce, causing chaos and destruction everywhere. Across the way, just minutes before the attack, a young woman, by the name of Cee is caught in the whirlwind of her sister's wedding. As the wedding begins, the virus hits. Infecting everyone. Cee watches the attack unfold before her eyes, as dozens of loved ones perish. Waiting for the infection to take her, Cee finds herself alone in the early days of an apocalyptic world, surrounded by chaos and war. Fighting to survive as long as she can, she meets a... Tov Matheson is a war veteran with PTSD who perceives that the apocalypse is coming. After starting a relationship with a dubious Messiah, he leaves his normal life and begins the construction of a shelter underground, training himself, in an extreme way, at the cost of losing everything and making people believe he is insane. When he also believes it, something extraordinary happens. In the future Saturn's moon of Titan houses a prison where Earth's worst criminals are kept awaiting their return to Earth for trial and execution. One of those criminals, Python Diamond, is being flown back to Earth, escorted by five members of the military police. Upon their return to Earth, they find that a cataclysmic nuclear war has reduced the world to a near-lifeless husk. Searching for survivors and any clue as to the cause of the destruction leads the six to a warehouse bunker housing scientists who constitute Earth's last remaining hope for the future. Unfortunately, their landing spacecraft drew the attention of one of the gangs that roam the ruined countryside in search of food and resources, leading them straight to the carefully hidden and well-provisioned shelter. The gang lays siege to the warehouse, fighting their way inside in a bloody battle that takes lives on both sides. For 5 billion years the Earth's core has operated like a giant, nuclear reactor. Now it's overheated, melting down like a bomb that's about to explode. The earth is being ripped apart at the seams and beneath LA, pressure is building. After a mass evacuation, Calvin Crawford is one of few left, desperately searching for his fiancee, Ashley Pace, who unbeknownst to him, has been kidnapped and is being held hostage. With LA becoming more unstable by the minute, Calvin, must find a way to save Ashley and get them both to safety before the city is completely annihilated. A group of teenagers suffer a terrible accident during a joy ride and get trapped at the bottom of a ravine. First there was Kidulthood then Adulthood now comes Noel Clarkes last installment brotherhood With Sam facing up to the new world he realizes it also comes with new problems and new challenges that he must face that he knows will require old friends to help him survive new dangers. In the near future, a weary Logan cares for an ailing Professor X in a hideout on the Mexican border. But Logan's attempts to hide from the world and his legacy are upended when a young mutant arrives, pursued by dark forces. American Ultra is a fast-paced action comedy about Mike, a seemingly hapless and unmotivated stoner whose small-town life with his live-in girlfriend, Phoebe, is suddenly turned upside down.  Unbeknownst to him, Mike is actually a highly trained, lethal sleeper agent. In the blink of an eye, as his secret past comes back to haunt him, Mike is thrust into the middle of a deadly government operation and is forced to summon his inner action-hero in order to survive. Three friends are on the verge of getting their video game financed when their benefactor is taken hostage by terrorists. In 1992, a young man who works at a video store takes shelter in it (along with his friends and family) during a "possible" zombie invasion. An insane gore filled zombie anthology. Andar Bahar is a 2013 Kannada film directed by Phaneesh S Ramanathapura and produced by Rajanish, Prasad, Ambareesh, Bhaskar, Srinivas and Avinash. The film stars Shivaraj Kumar, Parvathi Menon, Arundathi Nag and Shashikumar in lead roles. Music was composed by Vijay Prakash.  The sheriff of a small town in southwest Texas must keep custody of a murderer whose brother, a powerful rancher, is trying to help him escape. After a friend is killed trying to muster support for him, he and his deputies - a disgraced drunk and a cantankerous old cripple - must find a way to hold out against the rancher's hired guns until the marshal arrives. In the meantime, matters are complicated by the presence of a young gunslinger - and a mysterious beauty who just came in on the last stagecoach. Ugramm is a 2014 Indian Kannada action thriller film directed by Prashanth Neel and produced under the banner Inkfinite Pictures with his brother Pradeep Neel as the executive producer. Overview Coming Soon... During a handover to the head of counter-terrorism of MI5, Harry Pearce, a terrorist escapes custody. When Harry disappears soon after, his protege is tasked with finding out what happened as an impending attack on London looms, and eventually uncovers a deadly conspiracy. Crooked cop Torrente gets out of jail in the year 2018 to find a different Spain from the one he knew. A group of hard up bounty hunters must survive the night in a desert motel against a horde of savage cartel killers. They soon realize that their fugitive, a mysterious Chinese woman, is much more than she lets on. At a pawn shop called "K" which is known for being a place where backroom deals are conducted, a professional burglar named Ryo Fudo puts together a team with the aim of stealing a legendary cache of gold. Ryo plans to wash his hands of thievery once and for all after this one final job, but conflicting intentions and betrayal soon complicate the situation. Two students (Audrey Rocard, Joris Masson) are apprehended following the enforcement of a college take over by three overly zealous school inspectors (Claude Madelon, Jean-Claude Eygreteau, Yannick Moreau). A psychological thriller about a man's obsession with finding his wife in a post-apocalyptic world. A crime film with comedic overtones, Terapie pentru crima (Therapy for Murder) follows Matilde, a beginner "professional" assassin who not only has to overcome the problems that every beginner in this unusual profession faces, but also an additional and personal challenge: she's a woman. When Matilde realizes killing for money is not that easy she wants to back out but it may already be too late as a real professional assassin is now after her. A beautiful princess born in a faraway kingdom is destined by a terrible curse to prick her finger on the spindle of a spinning wheel and fall into a deep sleep that can only be awakened by true love's first kiss. Determined to protect her, her parents ask three fairies to raise her in hiding. But the evil Maleficent is just as determined to seal the princess's fate. An Indian family is expelled from Uganda when Idi Amin takes power. They move to Mississippi and time passes. The Indian daughter falls in love with a black man, and the respective families have to come to terms with it. Conan Edogawa sets out to apprehend Lupin the Third, the suspect of stealing a jewel called Cherry Sapphire. A sequel to the TV special "Lupin the Third vs. Detective Conan" (2009). True story of Germany's most famous anti-Nazi heroine brought to thrilling, dramatic life. Sophie Scholl stars Julia Jentsch in a luminous performance as the fearless activist of the underground student resistance group, The White Rose. Armed with long-buried historical records of her incarceration, director Marc Rothemund expertly re-creates the last six days of Sophie Scholl's life. Story of Rabb Ton Sohna Ishq is about Kiran and Sooraj's innocent love, who get aparted in childhood. After accidentally killing his competition during a kung fu movie audition, Cheng Lindong is sentenced to seven years in prison, upon which he is released back into the world and the arms of his faithful girlfriend, Ke Lin. In a desperate move for a new life, he changes his identity and finds a job as a sparring partner at a boxing gym subsidized by its wealthy benefactor, Huang Li, who also happens to own a film studio. Firefighter Jesse Graves has to save ornithologist Jennifer and other people caught in a forest fire, which was set up by the lawyer of convicted killer Earl Shaye, who escaped from the prison with several of his inmates posing as firefighters to recover $37,000,000 in stashed loot. The four constables Emotionless, Iron Hands , Life Snatcher and ColdBlood are specially skilled in their own individual super powers. When the four constables of the Divine Constabulary investigate a murder in the suburbs, they unexpectedly stumble on clues to the murder of Emotionless's family 15 years ago. It's the year 2080 and thanks to genius scientist Dr. Tommy, Earth is at peace. He created the Moon C.R.A.T.E.R. Project, the wackiest intergalactic sports circuit, where two opposing Robot armies battle it out to settle Earth's disputes using the deadliest weapon known: water!  Bolts and Blip, Central City's misfits, are accidently recruited as members of the Lunar Leagues last placed team - The Thunderbolts! They find themselves catapulted into a series of hilarious lunar battles and soon discover that all is not what it seems.  In the next instalment of BOLTS &amp; BLIP, the Thunderbolts fall under the spell of a mysterious "Black Box", a strange invader crash lands on the moon and threatens to destroy Lunar City and Saedee finds herself replaced as team captain, by a mysterious prototype "Saedee-34". The hope and determination of modern-day American Indian life is revealed in this film about what it takes to win one of the most exciting and perilous forms of horse racing practiced anywhere in the world today. From the bitter cold of winter on the Rocky Mountain Front to the heat and mayhem of the summer's championship races in Montana and Idaho, Indian Relay follows three teams from different American Indian communities as they prepare for and compete in a grueling Indian Relay season - all hearts set on the glory and honor of winning an Indian Relay National Championship. Tulke - a simpleton day-laborer in a Nepalese mountain village -struggles to reclaim his lost aristocratic identity while a violent revolution disrupts every aspect of village life. Humiliated everyday by everybody around him, Tulke desperately seeks recognition and respect. Instead, he is falsely accused by the woman he loves and forced to flee from his ancestral village. When the city corrupts him and teaches him how the treacherous accumulate and wield power, he returns to his village to avenge himself against people who have wronged him and his family. He becomes a lackey to the revolutionaries in the village, and because he refuses to wrong those he loves, finds himself ensnared in a web of deception and violence, leading to a tragic conclusion for everybody. Agent Coulson informs Agent Sitwell that the World Security Council wishes Emil Blonsky to be released from prison to join the Avengers Initiative. As Nick Fury doesn't want to release Blonsky, the two agents decide to send a patsy to sabotage the meeting... The story springs from the real-world headlines of religious cults and mass suicides. With Veil, it begins 30 years ago, when members of a religious cult known as Heaven's Veil take their own lives. The truth behind what really happened remains buried deep in the memory of the sole survivor, a five-year-old girl, who returns to the compound with a documentary crew as an adult. They soon discover something that is far more terrifying than anything they could have imagined. After failing to get into the police academy, Chris Potamitis settles for a security guard job with an armoured truck company. After he makes the mistake of mentioning the company's lax security to his best friend, He's unwittingly drawn into an elaborate scheme to rob the abundant amounts of cash being stored on their premises--resulting in the largest cash heist in U.S.history. Alien pods come to Earth and, naturally, start taking over Human Hosts. One such pod only manages to take over one human's, Shin Izumi, right arm. Together they grow and co-exist, all the while the other aliens are making meals of other humans; Shin feels he must put a stop to it all, but his alien, Migi, doesn't see why. Alien pods come to Earth and, naturally, start taking over Human Hosts. One such pod only manages to take over one human's, Shin Izumi, right arm. Together they grow and co-exist, all the while the other aliens are making meals of other humans; Shin feels he must put a stop to it all, but his alien, Migi, doesn't see why. Following a daring raid on a harbor drug deal, Sarah, an operative of the Black Lotus triad, is betrayed and left for dead by her associates. After several months of recovery she returns to seek revenge against the crime syndicate that attempted her murder. She soon crosses paths with Claire, a young cop with a strong sense of justice and her own reasons for pursuing the triads. The two form an unlikely partnership to track down Sarah's betrayers. With the stakes rising, the one-time gangster and former cop find themselves caught in the middle of an all out war between two crime syndicates, with both of their lives on the line. JAM (Christian Clavier), a French "master of the universe" is on the brink of a major takeover when he starts suffering from anxiety attacks. His doctor (Lhermite) thinks it is to do with childhood experiences and suggests he searches back in his mind to something that could be the trigger and will prove to be the antidote. In post-apocalyptic Los Angeles, an evil pack of outlaws is systematically turning civilians into prisoners and slaves. Worse yet, the spread of a terrifying deadly flesh-eating virus threatens to destroy all of humanity. As good and evil ferociously battle for power and control, three heroes race against time to find the cure for the virus... before it's too late. It's four years later, and a new group of students has been placed in Saturday detention at the infamous and prestigious Crestview Academy. When Siouxsie, sophomore 'undercrust,' crashes the party to avenge her sister's death, a Saturday detention reserved for the privileged seniors of Crestview Academy turns into a date in hell. It's not long before a naive pussycat lover, gay drug dealer, smokin' hot preacher's daughter, squeaky-clean senator's son, and the uninvited younger outsider find themselves locked-up in school with no way out, wondering who (or what) has set them up. Hilarity and suspense ensue while each 'bad kid' pits one against the other, and one by one each falls victim to absurdly gruesome 'accidents' while trying to escape. The murder of a rich man leads a private detective to Guatemala, where a seductive femme fatale pulls him into a tangled web of intrigue surrounding the priceless Mayan jade quetzal.  When a mysterious orb of light strikes a deep water oil rig, the massive explosion erupts into a ball of flames creating a swirling mass of clouds and fire. As the twister begins to move ...  The side story takes place in 2017 a.t.b., between the rise of the "Black Knights" organization and the return of the supposedly "dead" Zero. The setting is in Europe, where the European Union (E.U.) allied nations are being invaded by the overwhelming forces of the Holy Britannian Empire. On the verge of defeat, the E.U. army forms a special unit known as "W-0'', of which a young pilot named Akito Hyuga is a member. Leila Malkal , a former Britannian Aristocrat comes to the E.U.'s aid, commanding the "Wyvern" Knightmare corps comprised of Japanese teenagers. They recklessly plunge into a battlefield, where the survival rate is extremely low, at about 5% only. They fight for their freedom and for a "home" to which they can return. Third episode of Code Geass: Boukoku no Akito. Fourth episode of Code Geass: Boukoku no Akito.  Two friends borrow money from a loan shark, to try and shoot a film, one of the guys decides to try has luck in the drug trade to double his money, but things quickly spins out of control, with the loan shark demanding his money back with a hefty interest pay out. Assassin Robert Rath arrives at a funeral to kill a prominent mobster, only to witness a rival hired gun complete the job for him -- with grisly results. Horrified by the murder of innocent bystanders, Rath decides to take one last job and then return to civilian life. But finding his way out of the world of contract killing grows ever more dangerous as Rath falls for his female target and becomes a marked man himself. A shamed ex-freighter captain takes one last shot at redemption, only to find he is a puppet for a grander scheme. In "The Dream of Ivan" we will see for the first time in history a worldwide selection of soccer stars, a team that brings millions of people watching television, playing against a worldwide selection of ... children! Why? To raise funds to help victims of a terrible earthquake in Africa. This happens many times: that professional teams, or football stars, organize charity matches. What had never happened before is that the game is played by children. The proposal has been an initiative of UNICEF and FIFA. Directed by Slavko Spionjak. A disgruntled Mexican cop is forced to work with a teenage hacker to hunt down the criminals who killed his wife, and dismantle their operation. A random group of people wake up on an Island where they are being hunted down in a sinister plot to harvest their organs. Autobots and Decepticons are at war, with humans on the sidelines. Optimus Prime is gone. The key to saving our future lies buried in the secrets of the past, in the hidden history of Transformers on Earth. Nandeeswarudu is a 2012 Indian Telugu-language action film written and directed by Sreeenu Yarajala starring Taraka Ratna. The film is a remake of the Kannada film Deadly Soma When reporter Rachel Armstrong writes a story that reveals the identity of a covert CIA operative, the government demands that Rachel reveal her source. She defies the special prosecutor and is thrown in jail. Meanwhile, her attorney, Albert Burnside argues her case all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court. The Journey of Aeneas after the Trojan War. Based on the epic poems of the Aeneid by Publius Vergilius Maro. A group of Finnish and British people get stuck to a cabin when a creature which is a half human, half rabbit, attacks on them. The creature is Bunny the Killer Thing, and it is after anything that is resembling female genitals. The hero and three of his friends devise a plan to get rich quick by looting a bureau. While in the process of implementing this plan they come across a lovely young woman. The hero falls in love with her and their romance spirals into a chaotic and hilarious sequence of events! A former hit-man for a drug cartel becomes a vigilante to pay for his sins and find redemption. Once upon a time in North India, two killers - Dev and Tutu - roamed free. Abandoned when young and vulnerable, Bhaiyaji gave them shelter and... nurtured them to kill! All is normal in their lives until destiny throws free-spirited Disha into the mix. What follows is a game of defiance, deception and love. King's Gambit is an independent, live-action feature film set in present-day Florida about Bryce, a man who uses a mystic journal to alter the world around him. Wrongfully accused and on the run, a top MI6 assassin joins forces with his long-lost, football hooligan brother to save the world from a sinister plot. A disgraced former secret agent risks his life as well as the lives of his ragtag team as he seeks revenge against the charismatic terrorist who killed his wife. When his SUV breaks down on a remote Southwestern road, Jeff Taylor lets his wife, Amy, hitch a ride with a trucker to get help. When she doesn't return, Jeff fixes his SUV and tracks down the trucker -- who tells the police he's never seen Amy. Johnathan Mostow's tense thriller then follows Jeff's desperate search for his wife, which eventually uncovers a small town's murderous secret. Minka is a teenage Polynesian boy living in the heart of the city. With his P-addicted mother well on the way to going completely off the rails, three people enter his life - each with a promise - each with the power to destroy. Loyal, highly intelligent and courageous, the Rottweiler is often misunderstood. Black Beauty Breed is a feature length documentary that brings you closer to the dog behind the perceived intimidating image and highlights the positive abilities and character traits that make the Rottweiler an incredible dog. With stunning original film footage, Black Beauty Breed captures the soul of the Rottweiler and challenges your perception of them as vicious and unstable dogs. Intimate footage brings you closer to the real Rottweiler and their colorful heritage as a working dog that dates back to ancient Roman times. Fascinating facts about this noble breed will be revealed for the first time ever in a film and will forever change the image of the Rottweiler. When a former Special Ops commando visits Pompeii, his wife and daughter are trapped as Mt. Vesuvius erupts with massive force. While his family fights to survive the deadly onslaught of heat and lava, he enlists his former teammates in a daring operation beneath the ruins of the city of Pompeii. Jayson Bend (also known as "Agent 009") is an openly gay British super spy! Modeled completely after James Bond, he drives fast and plays hard - always with other hot boys. In this truly impressive 48-minute parody/homage, the first in an on-going series, Jayson teams up with a sexy Swiss counterpart to try and stop the world's largest global hair salon chain, and their nefarious CEO, from launching a satellite that will threaten the very fate of human existence. Don't miss this exhilarating new thrill ride! Since they were both five, Ryosuke has been stalked by Momoko - the ugliest girl in the village. Her love for Ryosuke is so boundless that she has her face surgically altered to suit his taste - but still he wants nothing to do with her.  Ryosuke goes in for fleeting romance - for example, with the girlfriend of a gangster boss. But when he finds out about their affair, he has Ryosuke's little finger hacked off. Magically, the finger falls into Momoko's hands, and she uses it to clone Ryosuke, so she can finally have him (or almost him) for herself.  And this is just the first five minutes of Lisa Takeba's short-but-powerful feature debut. Just like in her previous short films, the director - who cut her teeth in the advertising world and as the writer of a video game - throws a lot of genres and techniques into the mix: from science fiction to gangster films, from hospital eroticism to animation. Hectic and absurd, but with its heart in the right place.  (c) IFFR After the re-emergence of the world's first mutant, world-destroyer Apocalypse, the X-Men must unite to defeat his extinction level plan. Two warring groups of criminals meet to exchange hostages, each side unaware that the other harbors a deadly secret in this proof-of-concept short action film starring Zoe Bell. On one end, KYLE wants his brother back. On the other, DAVID wants to free his girlfriend. And ANNA (Zoe Bell), fueled by a history of bad blood, just wants revenge. As the standoff unfolds, everything goes south for everyone. On the outskirts of the Civil War, a boy is sent north by a bounty hunter gang to retrieve a wanted man. How can it be that, despite the corruption scandals he has been associated with, Jorg Haider is portrayed as a hero after his accidental death? Nathalie Borgers goes to investigate in Carinthia. Her discoveries range from the comically bizarre to the strangely vexing. A teacher struggling for inspiration travels to the most remote school in the world. It takes being so far away to understand the importance of his work... and to appreciate the value of yak dung! In the year 2045, a Los Angeles Police Department detective and his new android partner enter the Zone, a forbidden section of the city plagued with an unknown disease. There, they discover the source of the illness and attempt to stop it using the android's advanced technology and weaponry. When a troubled teen from Cleveland experiences bullying in Cocoa Beach, he soon learns Martial Arts to gain confidence and self-defense skills. VEGA is a smalltime wiseguy who teams up with the most delinquent smalltime criminals to payback BARBAS the leader of the gang that betrayed him. Jack Reacher must uncover the truth behind a major government conspiracy in order to clear his name. On the run as a fugitive from the law, Reacher uncovers a potential secret from his past that could change his life forever. After the Local council he works for decides to replace its horse-drawn services with motor vehicles, one of the drivers spends his savings to buy the horse. Together they search the countryside looking for work, and meeting an assorted group of characters on the way. Martial arts fuelled adventure as Ben Silver aka The Liberator has only a few hours to retrieve a priceless stolen antique and return it undamaged to his mysterious female client, reformed cat burglar, Melinda Page. Two men only have 21 hours to stop a war between Afghanistan and Pakistan. An Afghan militant steals a microchip containing the names of people who want to exploit Afghanistan's mineral reserves. World World II: Shortly after D-Day, three American soldiers and two Army Corps nurses are stranded behind enemy lines. They take a high-ranking German officer as their prisoner and try to orchestrate an escape. An idealistic FBI agent is enlisted by a government task force to aid in the escalating war against drugs at the border area between the U.S. and Mexico. In the clandestine research tower of a ruthless Japanese security and arms company, Saisei Security, scientist MALI awakens employed mercenaries killed in combat, their death giving rise to a new, vicious breed of zombie... ZOMBIE NINJAS. Trapped amongst unsuspecting civilians, including former tactical operative DILLON (Adam T Perkins), the ZOMBIE NINJAS commanded by a ferocious leader (Soa 'The Hulk' Palelei) are unleashed in the inner city high-rise. They soon face off with the covert response mission deployed to fight back. This elite black ops team underestimates the brutality of their encounter, which ultimately tests their loyalty and friendship, resulting in a frightful assault between these two highly skilled lethal forces and DILLON thrust in the middle fighting for survival. A Kabaddi player rescues a young woman from an unwanted marriage and hides her in his home. 25 years later after the events of Samurai Cop (1991), Detective Frank Washington is forced to team up with his long estranged partner Joe Marshall to solve a series of assassinations being committed by a secret group of female vigilante killers. The contract killer Frank Zimosa has just been hired for a ridiculously lucrative mission by the rich and powerful Jorge Mistrandia. The objective: to kill a couple of people hiding in one of his European hotels. What would look like one of the simplest jobs Frank has ever had is just about to turn into a living nightmare. He will soon realize he's nothing more than prey for Mistrandia and his army of crazy henchmen that have hiding in the hotel along with an ancient and unstoppable Horror. In their hotels you can only rent rooms....in Hell! See everything through the eyes of the Anti-Hero Frank Zimosa and boost your mind with an overdose of: nonstop violence, adrenaline, and pure fear, surrounded in a mysterious, deep and twisted story. You won't just watch it, you will experience it. Alex, stuck in a repeating loop of time, must navigate his way through the bustling streets of Bangkok with mysterious men on his heels trying to kill him. Parkour, martial arts, shoot outs and car flips all result in his death until the last loop. Hongi, a Maori chieftain's teenage son, must avenge his father's murder in order to bring peace and honour to the souls of his loved ones after his tribe is slaughtered through an act of treachery. Vastly outnumbered by a band of villains led by Wirepa, Hongi's only hope is to pass through the feared and forbidden "Dead Lands" and forge an uneasy alliance with a mysterious warrior, a ruthless fighter who has ruled the area for years. Great white sharks bio-engineered to be the size of piranhas with the purpose of living in rich peoples exotic aquariums, terrorize New York City when they get into the water supply and do what great white sharks do best. How Zordon became what he is and how he obtained the power coins as well as hidden secrets that have changed the lives of humanity forever. A low-rent bounty hunter named Rod Rosse, The One Man Posse, gets entangled in a web of danger when he takes on a job from an ex-biker/ex-wrestler turned U.S. senator named "Deathface." When a Native American casino controlled by the mob begins to destroy a close-knit rural town, a band of lovable low-tech misfits hatch a plan to beat them at their own game by pulling off an audacious casino heist. Bollywood 2013 Most Welcome 2 is a Bangladeshi action film written by and directed by Ananta Jalil. It is considered to be one of the most expensive films in the history of Bengali cinema. Development began in February 2012. The film is a sequel of 2012 blockbuster Most Welcome, The film released in 2014. The film stars Ananta Jalil and Barsha in leading roles. Bruce is a repairman tormented by a crippling sense of responsibility for his disabled wife Samantha, an ex-policewoman. Bruce's increasing hypersensitivity to the injustice suffered by his wife steers him down a dark path of vigilantism. His disintegrating mental health, paranoia and overwhelming sense of doom causes Bruce to channel his rage towards a young woman. Bollywood 2013 Set in suburban New Jersey in the 1960s, a group of friends form a rock band and try to make it big. Two African American social scientists pose as bank robbers in an effort to understand the racial dynamics of small-town law enforcement. However, their experiment takes an unplanned turn. Deep in the Saudi desert, young thrill-seekers at jihadi boot camp sign up to a plot to overthrow the Saudi government. They detonate three horrific car-bombs at Western compounds in downtown Riyadh and become embroiled in a nail-biting game of cat and mouse with government forces. As their plans unravel, they resort to ever more brutal tactics. Exposing the dark side of the human soul, Path of Blood reveals Al Qaeda as you've never seen it before. Using a treasure trove of Al Qaeda home-movie footage captured by the security services, this haunting documentary film shows how brainwashed idealism and the youthful pursuit of adventure can descend into madness and carnage. In 1721, the Regent of France, wanting to seal the peace with Spain, offers to the Spanish King, a marriage between their respective heirs: Louis XV, age 11, and Maria Anna Victoria, the 4-year-old Spanish infanta. The Regent of France also offers to marry his daughter, Mademoiselle de Montpensier, 12, to the Prince of Asturias, the 14-year-old heir apparent to the Spanish throne. Madrid responds enthusiastically to both proposals, and the ceremonies are promptly organized. The exchange of the princesses is to take place with great pomp on a small island, in the river bordering the two countries. Everything has been done to expect the best of the children, but nothing will proceed as planned. A young guy Siamak has a list of 25 youngsters in his pocket. He has to deliver drugs to them but his father Reza is coming from abroad after many years. He was a runaway but now wants to be a good father for his son. Stuck in a life of indentured servitude, Marek dreams of becoming a wizard. When she meets a beautiful priestess, Teela, in need of help, Marek escapes her master and puts together a team of adventurers - including Thane the warrior and Dagen the half-elf thief - and embarks on an epic quest to free Teela's sister from orcs and ogres. After raiding the orc camp, the group learns that Teela's sister has been taken into the mountains by a giant ogre. Escaping hellhounds and dragons on their dangerous journey, the team find themselves hopelessly outmatched by the man-eating ogre, and must unite all their talents to free the prisoners and escape with their own lives. The Eighteen Darts (Part 1) is a Chinese Opera Musical starring Jackie Chan, Sammo Hung and Yuen Biao in child roles. A high class lady from Brazil falls into a fake kidnapping scam when she answers a stranger's phone call. Believing that one of her daughters has been kidnapped, she is guided by a terrifying voice for 12 hours through the cities of Sao Paulo and Rio de Janeiro. After his wife is assaulted, a husband enlists the services of a vigilante group to help him settle the score. Eddie and Bada are two brothers who work at a towtruck company. The brothers will always send the vehicles they have towed to Rimau's garage. Rimau is a woman with a tough-as-nails attitude who secretly loves Bada. Mojo and Bayam are Eddie and Bada's rivals from another towtruck company. Mojo would rather die than make peace with the brothers, but his younger sister, Soraya, is in love with Eddie. The characters' relationship become even more complicated when a mysterious woman only known as Zarina shows up at Rimau's garage one day. A vengeful man embarks on a murderous rampage after the kidnapping of a 7-year-old girl. The Third Wave film was shot in Sri Lanka following the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake. It was directed by Australian film maker Alison Thompson and Italian producer Oscar Gubernati. After the 2004 Asian tsunami disaster, four independent volunteers, with little money and no experience, race off to volunteer in tsunami ravaged Sri Lanka. Beatrice Prior and Tobias Eaton venture into the world outside of the fence and are taken into protective custody by a mysterious agency known as the Bureau of Genetic Welfare. is about two siblings Alex Abueg (Falcon) and Abner Abueg (Marco), whose family and lives are shattered upon their initiation to the violent world of political assassins or saka saka. In this movie, it exposes the secret world of the saka saka as it explores and interrogates the age-old conflict between lawful righteousness and violent revenge. The movie is set against the contrasting backdrops of rustic, provincial life and the fast-paced, modern culture of the metropolis. By essence it is a story about family movie wherein it challenges audiences to think about the extreme extents that they may do to defend and protect their families from oppression and corruption. A potential soccer star and his American cousin are kidnapped in Haiti and help for ransom. When their relatives are slow to pay, they have to use their wits and courage to stay alive. To battle a malicious monster, five women are gathered in front of Commander Charles against their will. The five women are selected because they each have a family name that represents a color. The five women are filled with doubts about what they are able to do collectively, but they go up against the monster using their lethal technique "Women Tornado". The five women can only use the "Women Tornado" when they are all gathered together. In 2000, Hong Kong, the feminist movement surged upward unceasingly. In order suppress the power of woman, "Husband Association" are developed to protect the men. Kent always be persecuted by his wife, he even loses his personal freedom, then, he goes to "Husband Association" to seek help. However, Since his fear of his wife is so deep and finally considered humanity deconstruction voluntarily. Actually Kent has not died, he observes his wife in secret, he knows that his wife still loves him so much, therefore he accepts the suggestion of the chairman Lam of "Husband Association" to negotiate with his wife with grenade. When Kent is very happy to see his wife, Lam is accidentally be killed by explosion. Then, the struggling between men and women is over. The bond of brotherhood is always stronger when you can be pitched into a life and death situation at any time and the only thing that gets you through the inferno is the trust that your brother will have your back. The firefighters of Hong Kong's Pillar Point division who are expecting a quiet night to see off their retiring chief find their faith in each other stretched to the limits when a small fire at a liquor warehouse threatens to plunge the whole of Hong kong into darkness if it spreads to a nearby power plant supplying natural gas. Politics, rivalry, and suspicion all come into play when dubious decisions are made, warnings are ignored and colleagues start to fall. Can the Pillar Point brotherhood survive the night, if not the fire, with their trust in each other intact? Mahabharat is considered as the greatest and the longest epic in world literature It has all the possible elements that a story could have - conflict, duty, sacrifice, heroism, truth, justice, romance, adventure, fantasy and relationships - making it truly an all-encompassing fascinating saga. Zhao Yumin is a Taek-won-do coach , whose had hard times since his best student Han was killed during an underground championship . Zhao almost gave up when Ling appears at his door , insisting that Zhao must train her for the championships, and became the first woman fighter to lead a man's division. Fantasy adventure as  the fairies face a new foe. After losing her husband and baby daughter to a fire, Daphne Fields raises her deaf son while beginning a writing career. Hollywood loves her scripts, but her heart remains with her son Andrew, under the care of Headmaster Matthew Dane at an eastern boarding school. Daphne finally seems to have rediscovered love in her leading man. But an accident leaves her hospitalized, contemplating her life, fate and her best chance for love. A dog goes on quest to discover his purpose in life over the course of several lifetimes with multiple owners. Six rebel figures have taken refuge in an abandoned sector against a genetically enhanced superhuman race. In the early 70-ies during the war in the middle East, the plane of the Soviet military pilot Oleg Zorov was shot down. The officer was still alive but in an unconscious state was captured.  After his recovery, the Americans granted him political asylum. Twenty years Zorov, who became Alex Fred Kelly, worked for the CIA. And now, years later, he returns home, where he left his sister and beloved woman... A homeless man wanders the lands in search of revenge for the murder of his son at the hands of an unknown gang. Upon arriving in a new town he finds himself trapped in a city drowning in chaos, its people firmly in the grasp of a ruthless crime boss peddling the mind-bending drug, "El Ultimo Aire." This man is a legend, a hit man, the killer of killers and the people call him "Toro Loco." He fights punks, crack-heads and tough guys with his trademark shooter, a Smith & Wesson 34-1, but you take that away from him and it doesn't matter. Toro Loco has another deadly weapon: his hands! Toro Loco is here and the first to die are the fucking lucky ones! Professional baduk (go) player Tae-seok loses a high-stakes game to infamous underground gambler Sal-soo, and ends up framed for the murder of his own brother and locked up in prison. He vows revenge and trains ferociously. After serving his seven-year sentence, he gets in touch with his brother's former associate "Tricks," hermit and blind master player "The Lord," and skillful junkyard owner Mok-su; together, they begin formulating a plan to get back at Sal-soo and his men. Tae-seok slowly penetrates Sal-soo's inner circle and his gambling joint, and eliminates Sal-soo's men one by one. But Sal-soo discovers Tae-seok's true identity and engages him in one final game that will seal the fates of the two men involved. Exposure follows a rookie Detroit African-American female cop who stumbles upon corrupt officers who are murdering a drug dealer, an incident captured by her body cam. They pursue her through the night in an attempt to destroy the footage, but to make matters worse, they've tipped off a criminal gang that she's responsible for the dealer's death. A tantric terrorizes a village called Ramadurga. A man comes to the village to know the mystery of his birth. He learns that his grandfather was killed trying to save the village from the tantrik and he defeats him. Nagna Sathyam is a 1979 Telugu, drama film. The film was directed by U. Visweswar Rao.[ A young man and his lookalike team up to fight injustice and settle their personal scores with the evildoers. A beautiful young woman with a horrible secret is protected by a loving family.  A team of cops is sent to the forest to capture/kill a police officer who has gone rogue. In a parallel track, a young woman seeks the help of a debauched car driver to take her to the forest. What happens in the forest and how are these two plots connected? When Simon's' dog is taken from him, he stops at nothing to get her back. Basanti is a historical love story based on the novel by Diamond Shamsher.It depicts the story of a girl along with the accounts of the historical events during the time of Junga Bahadur Rana, the first Rana Prime Minister of Nepal. Documentary about the life of the most decorated woman warrior of all time, Milunka Savic and her struggles after the end of WW1 in her homeland of Serbia. Yue Feng (Yue Song) is a young thug with exceptional streetfighting abilities. He will stop at nothing to defeat all challengers - until, in an tragic accident, he kills a fellow competitor and is sent to prison. Eight years later, Yue Feng emerges a changed man. He no longer fights, and is looking for a new life of peace and fulfillment. But it's brutal on the streets, and redemption doesn't come easy. His brotherhood is destroyed, family members murdered, and a loved one humiliated - a deadly chain reaction that leaves him no choice but to unleash his power in the name of justice. A group of elite female bank robbers are thrown into a Mexican stand off when they discover that someone on their team might be a snitch for the cops... The most prominent heads of state in the world begin gathering for a conference that could have a major impact on global politics. When MI-7 receives word that the Chinese premier has become the target of some high-powered killers, it falls on Johnny English to save the day. Armed with the latest high-tech weaponry and gadgets that would make even James Bond jealous, the once-disgraced agent uncovers evidence of a massive conspiracy involving some of the world's most powerful organisations, and vows to redeem his tarnished reputation by stopping the killers before they can strike. Two inept police officers, who have spent their entire lives wanting to appear on the law enforcement reality show "Five-O", get more than they bargained for when an evil drug lord becomes falsely convinced that they are America's most badass cops. A mysterious death occurs inside a theater. 5 witnesses are interrogated in search of an answer that reveals a pagan rite of alchemy. After a meteor shower strikes Los Angeles, toxic smoke is released across the city causing people to physically change and become violent. A small group of survivors plans to vacate the city by heading to the coast. Canadian businesswoman Dinah Middleton's is devastated when her teenage son, Alex, is killed by a hit-and-run driver. When the police fail to turn up any suspects, she turns private detective to track the killer down. She traces the murderer to New York, only to discover that the crime is not covered by the extradition treaty between Canada and the US. She becomes obsessed with bringing the criminal to justice. Following his confrontation with the nefarious DOA organization, Ken (Chow Yun Fat) is looking forward to going back to enjoying his retirement. His rest is cut abruptly short when his protege Vincent (Shawn Yue), who's now working for Interpol, asks for Ken's help in taking down the real mastermind behind DOA, Aoi. The two head to Thailand, where DOA's former chief accountant Mark (Nick Cheung) has escaped with his daughter. A young mischievous man realises his mistakes after his sister abandons him, so he tries to reunite her with her lover and make peace. Set along a backdrop of a fictitious second world war at an international city in Asia. In Japan, Lieutenant Colonel Yuki (Yusuke Iseya) recommends the creation of spy training school "D Kikan". Meanwhile, Kato (Kazuya Kamenashi) is facing capital punishment for his refusal to follow a superior's order. Kato is then scouted by "D Kikan". He goes through a harsh training regiment and faces his first mission as a spy. In order to seize American ambassador Graham's confidential documents "Black Note." Kato infiltrates into an international city. A battle to gain possession of the "Black Note" ensues between Kato, a mysterious woman named Rin (Kyoko Fukada), the British Spy Agency, the Soviet Spy Agency and the radical army in Japan. In war torn Calcutta during the 1940's, Byomkesh Bakshy, fresh out of college, pits himself against an evil genius who is out to destroy the world. A man takes over a TV station and holds a number of hostages as a political platform to awaken humanity, instead of money. In a savage land where zombies roam freely - Lieutenant Colonel Sawyer is armed with machine guns, body armor and courage. He is on a mission to give his family a burial at sea. To reach the coast, he must enter a quarantined infected zone and fight through hordes of bloodthirsty zombies. There he encounters a group of survivors including a young woman who is a target of both the male survivors and the ravenous zombies. To protect the last non-infected humans and complete his mission, Colonel Sawyer must face the Dead, the Damned and the Darkness. An under-appreciated intern entrusted with a million dollar necklace races to find out which of his money hungry room-mates betrayed him as he battles a desperate criminal duo bent on stealing. A look at the ACT UP movement from its inception to the present day. Security guard Paul Blart is headed to Las Vegas to attend a Security Guard Expo with his teenage daughter Maya before she departs for college. While at the convention, he inadvertently discovers a heist - and it's up to Blart to apprehend the criminals. Caesar and his apes are forced into a deadly conflict with an army of humans led by a ruthless Colonel. After the apes suffer unimaginable losses, Caesar wrestles with his darker instincts and begins his own mythic quest to avenge his kind. As the journey finally brings them face to face, Caesar and the Colonel are pitted against each other in an epic battle that will determine the fate of both their species and the future of the planet. The Hunger Games heads back to the Dark Ages when a group of five young Saxons is captured by a clan of fearsome Viking warriors and used as prey in a ritualistic manhunt. High on a potion that turns them "berserk" the brutal hunters are soon on the scent of the terrified youngsters in a desperate battle for survival from the ritualistic manhunt. Written and directed by Welsh film-maker Antony Smith. A high school bus on its way to a retreat blows a tire and stops at the nearest ranch for help. The driver, five troubled students, and their ridiculous gym- teacher chaperone find, instead, criminals who will stop at nothing to make sure their drug operations aren't discovered. The students and teacher are easy prey for these animals, but standing in the way of certain death is a force more determined and more skilled than any of them ever expected: The Bus Driver. An ex police officer sets out to take his pound of flesh when he employs his skills to catch women who cheat on their men. Marie is one of her kind. While the other girls are after gold, diamonds and jewels, she swears by ... poverty! She does not remain the companion of a banker too long for obvious reasons. But when she can be the muse of a poor music composer it is fine by her. Unless the musician becomes too famous...! Then, she leaves him! But maybe not forever... He can fall into poverty again, can't he? Four girls take part in illegal underground fighting event "Girl's Blood" held at an abandoned school building in Roppongi every night. The girls have their own stories and quirks from their private lives. Satsuki (Yuria Haga) suffers from a gender identity disorder, Chinatsu (Asami Tada) ran away from an abusive husband, Miko (Ayame Misaki) is a S&amp;M queen and Mayu (Rina Koike) has a Lolita face. After an unprecedented global pandemic has turned the majority of humankind into violent infected beings, Morgan, a man gifted with the ability to speak the infected's new language, leads the last survivors on a hunt for patient zero and a cure. Traveling Route 66, a charismatic preacher, Reverend Johnny Jones, and his seductively beautiful Latina girlfriend, Rebecca, find their lives spiraling out of control as they travel from small town to small town; running their scam on the churches they encounter along the mother road. He's able to convince people he has the power to heal their illnesses and solve their most dreadful life experiences. But what the couple think is their scam begs the question does he really have the power? It's a question that haunts him and only intensifies his inner demons. Scarred for life, his childhood abuse from his evil father won't soon go away. He finds temporary refuge at the bottom of each bottle of tequila and endless grams of cocaine that goes up his nose. His childhood demons will not subside, neither will his vices. In the end, his powers serve as a blessing and a curse. Hang on tight while we follow this perilous couple's journey into the abyss of miracles and tragedy. Two friends get tangled up in debt with the local mafia called The Unit. As they look for ways to pay the debt before The Unit comes to collect, they find out there in deeper waters than they thought. A couple of fumbling best friends run a private detective agency and find themselves solving their next case in New Orleans, becoming embroiled in a web of sexy female spies and government conspiracy in the lively and character-filled backdrops of the Big Easy Dexter, age 11, who has AIDS, and his next door neighbor Eric, a little older and much bigger, become best friends. Eric also becomes closer to Dexter's mother than to his own, who is neglectful and bigoted and violently forbids their friendship upon learning of it. Dexter and Erik start the journey to find "The Cure" they had read about in the local newspaper. A young man, Kazuya Mishima, wakes up alone in an unfamiliar hotel room without any recollection of who he is or how he got there. He is tormented by flashes of his past and by the face of an ominous stranger. The next thing he knows, Kazuya is ambushed and kidnapped by an underground crime organization and, soon after, turned into a ruthless assassin.  During a mission to assassinate a man named Brian Fury, Kazuya finds that his target harbors clues to his true identity. With the help of Fury and a female assassin, Kazuya follows the clues, leading him to the lab of his reoccurring flashbacks. Here, he will finally confront his past and the ominous man of his nightmares - Heihachi Mishima, face the ultimate betrayal, and Ieam the truth about who, and what, he really is.  TEKKEN 2: KAZUYA'S REVENGE is non-stop action from the first scene to the last. A college professor who moonlights as a forensic psychiatrist for the FBI, receives a death threat claiming he has only 88 minutes to live. Karle Pyaar Karle is an adrenaline gushing, action packed, edgy love story of two rebels, Kabir &amp; Preet, playing the game of life. "Balistik" tells the story of Saga, a hired killer and mafia gang member. His high risk life forces Saga his wife Salina to leave him and their son. After six years, while on a mission, Saga crosses paths with Salina, but she is now the wife of Inspector Nizam, who was Saga's best friend while they were in the orphanage. Torn between his best friend and his duty to the law, Inspector Nizam has to decide whether to pursue Saga, while Saga is ordered by his leader to kill any law enforcement officer on their trail... What happens when four despicable idiots decide to rob small-time payday lenders? Beginning with Rome's fall in the fifth century, tis History Channel presentation sheds light on the Dark Ages, covering the continent-wide chaos, including raids by Vikings Vandals, and Visigoths, bubonic plague, famine, civil unrest and more.  The program takes viewers from the darkest of times to the dawn of a new beginning as the turmoil besieging Europe gives rise to the Crusades, the Enlightenment, and the Renaissance. Renowned filmmakers D A Pennebaker and Chris Hegedus follow determined animal rights activist Steven Wise into the courtroom for an unprecedented battle that seeks to utilize the writ of habeas corpus to expand legal "personhood" to include certain animals. Wise's unusual plaintiffs--chimpanzees Tommy and Kiko, once famed showbiz stars--are now living in filth, struggling to survive. Wise and his impassioned legal team take us into the field, revealing gripping evidence of such abuse and plunging us into the intricacies of their case as they probe preconceived notions of what it means to be a non-human animal. The haunted Captain of a Soviet submarine holds the fate of the world in his hands. Forced to leave his family behind, he is charged with leading a covert mission cloaked in mystery. A woman steals money from her mob boss husband hoping to start a new life with her lover. Meanwhile, a washed-up former child star and his buddies rob a bank with a police detective hot on their trail. Through a twist of fate, these people all find themselves at a remote cabin, unaware that recent construction work has unleashed a ferocious creature which now roams the surrounding area! Who will survive in MEATEATERS! This is a story about the biggest financial fraud attempted in Hong Kong, directed at the Government of Hong Kong and involved all 7 million Hong Kong citizens... no one is free from the scheme. Within the four decades of guarding Hong Kong's financial integrity, the ICAC has never come across an opponent so huge and so well organized as in the Z Torrent file... shadowy figures from the underworld of South America, Italy and Europe all ready to plot against the estimated 150 million dollars of Hong Kong citizens' tax money which was pooled in a fund called the WELFARE FUND. High profile chartered accountants, high ranking law enforcers, power lawyers, the super entrepreneurs; they all have their shares of play but none can really grasp the big picture; they are there only for what they desire most. Lee Chong Wei is a 2018 Malaysian biopic film directed by Teng Bee, about the inspirational story of national icon Lee Chong Wei, who rose from sheer poverty to become the top badminton player in the world. The film is based on Lee's 2012 autobiography Dare to Be a Champion  Former Marine Louanne Johnson lands a gig teaching in a pilot program for bright but underachieving teens at a notorious inner-city high school. After having a terrible first day, she decides she must throw decorum to the wind. When Johnson returns to the classroom, she does so armed with a no-nonsense attitude informed by her military training and a fearless determination to better the lives of her students -- no matter what the cost. Time Travel exists. William is a Turasaiche ( a descendant time traveller) who works for the World Time forum, policing time crime at the world office in Perth, Scotland. When William is sent a letter from the future, he is shown what might happen if his journey continues. To Change it, he must recruit a new team. Time Teens is a Prequal Pilot film for a TV series by the same name. Maharaja Gemunu is based on the odyssey of King Gemunu (ruler of Sri Lanka 161-137 BC) who is renowned for defeating and overthrowing King Elara, the usurping Tamil prince from the Chola Kingdom, who had invaded the Kingdom of Rajarata in 205 BC. Based on the hit Korean television series "I'm Sorry I Love You", Larry Yang's Chinese film remake "Sorry I Love You" displays the skills of an upcoming director and actors, including model Vivian Dawson stepping up to earnestly play the male leading character. With only six months to live, due to a bullet in his head which could not have been surgically taken out, Walker decided to leave Vancouver, where he grew up, and go back to China to look for his biological parents and twin sister(Jule). Walker knew that he probably did not have enough time to find any one of them, but everything changed when he ran into the girl(Encai) who he'd saved from a few street thugs several months back in Vancouver. When Walker finally found out the identity of his birth mother(Hui) and stood in front of her giant luxurious mansion, he suddenly felt that his whole life had been a punch line of a practical joke...... Tomoya leisurely sketches the Ultra Monsters in his sketchbook but an unknown forces suddenly radiated the book. Misuzu, Kenta and Chigusa discover several Spark Dolls, which were thought to be sent into outer space but somehow returned to Earth. Hikaru soon arrives, and soon the group are transported into a virtual room by Tomoya's Gunpad. The room itself has several Spark Dolls in its collection. Tomoya introduces them to the Livepad, a tablet which allows its user to use UltLive simulations by simply scanning the Spark Doll via the tip of its pointer pen. The group begins experimenting with the new technology. When a local woman disappears and the police can't seem to find any leads, her father turns to a poor young woman with psychic powers. Slowly she starts having visions of the woman chained and in a pond. Her visions lead to the body and the arrest of an abusive husband, but did he really do it? A "support" group of vigilantes band together to seek revenge on those who murdered their loved ones. The passionate love between a former boxer and a beautiful blind woman. Through flashbacks, Full English Breakfast follows the violent career of Dave Bishop (Dave Courtney) a small-time London villain who kills his way to the top of Britain's drugs empire. Now happily 'retired' on the Kent coast Dave becomes embroiled in a bloody battle of wits with Al Qaeda terrorists who want to take over his criminal empire. Adding to the old mobster's woes is his younger trophy wife (Lucy Drive) wanting to play away with his new driver (Jamie Bannerman). When Teela's sister is murdered and a powerful relic stolen, Marek and her friends face a sinister new enemy - Kishkumen, a foreign mystic bent on reclaiming the Darkspore for his master Szorlok. Armed with twin maps, Marek and her team race Kishkumen and his horde through creature-infested lands, to a long abandoned underground city - all the while pursued by bounty hunters intent on returning Marek to slavery. In 1777, one year since he had taken reign, King Jeong-jo bears a perilous palace life with his dedicated court servant, Gap-soo, amidst opposition and threats from those around with political ambitions. Meanwhile, Eul-soo, a member of a secret assassin group, receives orders to kill Jeong-jo. Gap-soo, who had also been in the same secret assassin ring as Eul-soo, later confesses to Jeong-jo about his dark past and his motive for coming into the palace. To Gap-soo's surprise, Jeong-jo asks Gap-soo when he had given up being an assassin, then orders him to just leave the palace. However, Gap-soo finds out that there is another assassin besides him and frantically returns to the court, only to discover Eul-soo in combat with Jeong-jo. (c) An underground MMA fighter must confront his sister and his past in an adventure through parallel universes George W. Bush picks Dick Cheney, the CEO of Halliburton Co., to be his Republican running mate in the 2000 presidential election. No stranger to politics, Cheney's impressive resume includes stints as White House chief of staff, House Minority Whip and defense secretary. When Bush wins by a narrow margin, Cheney begins to use his newfound power to help reshape the country and the world. The year is 2047.  Our planet is ruled by the repressive Confederate Central Government (CCG).  Ryan is a Green War rebel agent sent on a mission by Sponge to collect evidence against the CCG for its heinous crimes. Ryan soon faces the sinister Colonel Asimov, Major Anderson and a group of mercenaries lead by Lobo. His mission quickly turns chaotic when he meets Tuage, a mutant survivor of the CCG rebellion who swears to help Ryan save what is left of their world ... or does she? Action -  -  Garate Valdez Arturo, Leo Bucio, Luis Leonardo Bucio Captain Red runs a hardy pirate ship with the able assistance of Frog, a dashing young French sailor. One day Capt. Red is captured and taken aboard a Spanish galleon, but thanks to his inventiveness, he raises the crew to mutiny, takes over the ship, and kidnaps the niece of the governor of Maracaibo. The question is, can he keep this pace up? Folk-jazz composer/arranger Arthur Verocai was born in Rio de Janeiro. He has created challenging arragements and compositions for Brazilian artists Jorge Ben, Ivan Lins, Leny Andrade and Gal Costa. In 1972 Verocai recorded a self-titled solo LP. It is a stunningly innovative effort. It puts Verocai into a rarified field with the heavy string oriented music of Charles Stepney, David Axelrod and Frank Zappa. Released in a period marked by the Brazilian military government, the album fared poorly. Following its re-issue in 2003, the album has become a highly influential oft sampled classic (see Ludacris, MF Doom and Little Brother). The performance of this seminal 1972 record in its entirety brought the capacity Luckmann crowd to a stand still. According to Verocai, 'he had never played the record, alive or dead!' His delight can be seen on the DVD. The music has been mixed by Verocai himself in Rio. History turned on its head and musical justice served. Hilarious comedy about a bunch of crazy private detectives who are trying to save the world from a nuclear disaster! Everything would be easier if there were not so many pretty Bulgarian girls who destract some of the agents, but sometimes help with fighting back. This is a second instalment of the Rapid Response Corps with the same characters from the first movie. A poor Mexican diver discovers a valuable pearl in the ocean, but it brings his family only trouble One year has passed since Clank defeated the terrorist leader Goldscar. He returns to the agency again in order to find his brother. Clank has to face the most difficult task yet; is it worth to continue killing or can we change who we are? An action-packed horror comedy, BLOODSUCKING BASTARDS stars Fran Kranz as Evan, a dutiful and overworked employee stuck at a soul-killing corporation with his beautiful co-worker and girlfriend Amanda (Emma Fitzpatrick) and his slacker best friend Tim (Joey Kern). Evans world begins to crumble when Amanda dumps him and his boss Ted (Joel Murray) hands his coveted promotion to his nemesis Max (Pedro Pascal). When his office mates start going through disturbing changes, Evan must find a way to stop the evil brewing admist the cubicles, and rescue his workplace pals before his life and career go from dead-end... to just dead. In China to donate his kidney to his dying niece, former black-ops agent Deacon awakes the day before the operation to find he is the latest victim of organ theft. Stitched up and pissed-off, Deacon descends from his opulent hotel in search of his stolen kidney and carves a blood-soaked path through the darkest corners of the city. The clock is ticking for his niece and with each step he loses blood. A gang of cold-blooded outlaws narrowly escapes a blood-soaked bank robbery in a grimy frontier town. With a notorious bounty hunter hot on their trail, these nefarious criminals desperately need a place to hide out before night falls. Fate brings them to the home of the Tildons, a seemingly innocent family with two feisty daughters. As the men settle in, an impetuous game of cat and mouse plays out during the cold, black night. Come morning, nothing will ever be the same. Rusty Sabich is a deputy prosecutor engaged in an obsessive affair with a coworker who is murdered. Soon after, he's accused of the crime. And his fight to clear his name becomes a whirlpool of lies and hidden passions. Meet Shivani Shivaji Roy, Senior Inspector, Crime Branch, Mumbai Police, as she sets out to confront the mastermind behind the child trafficking mafia, which makes the mistake of kidnapping and smuggling a teenage girl who is like a daughter to her. Fighting a war which is very personal and in an obsessive hunt for the girl, Shivani stumbles into the world of debauchery, cruel desires and exploitation and onto a case that will change her life forever. What follows is a cat and mouse game between a fearless cop and a young and ruthless mafia kingpin. Catch Rani Mukerji in the lead, playing an edge of the seat role of a lifetime, in this raw and gritty film which will be a distinct departure from Pradeep Sarkar's style of filmmaking. A man who bears a striking resemblance to a renowned movie star becomes an obsessive fan, but when his fierce love is spurned by the star, he decides to destroy the star's life and reputation. DANGER DOLLS follows a quartet of cute idol singers who moonlight as butt-kicking action heroines. When extraterrestrial invaders threaten the safety of the Earth after an earthquake unleashes them from an alternate dimension, the Danger Dolls become humanity's only hope for survival. The team infiltrates the evil cult behind the invasion and must use their swords and their fists to smash the invading army. Following the events of Age of Ultron, the collective governments of the world pass an act designed to regulate all superhuman activity. This polarizes opinion amongst the Avengers, causing two factions to side with Iron Man or Captain America, which causes an epic battle between former allies.  When a young man's bride is kidnapped by an evil king, he turns to Hercules for help. The fallen hero has been living in exile, banished for killing his family, but the young man's courage inspires Hercules. Together, they fight to rescue the bride and reclaim the honor of Hercules. Franklin and Mike find themselves trapped in the undead-infested Cyrene City, where they must attempt to lead a group of unconventional survivors to safety. As they join forces with the likes of a pregnant woman, a moronic arms dealer, and a mentally challenged man, they will have to determine which is worse: relying on each other or succumbing to the zombie mayhem. While this uprising of zombies has overwhelmed the city, Mr. Roberts, the CEO of R2 Pharmaceuticals, has sent in a team of mercenaries known as the S.I.E.G.E into Cyrene City to recover the only known antidote for his own financial gain. Not Another Zombie Movie... About the Living Dead is a hilarious twisted tale about survival versus morality during a zombie apocalypse. Watch as these survivors discover there is no such thing as a hero when zombies are trying to eat your face off. Action - Eve's life is forever altered when her parents vanish without a trace after being attacked by supernatural agents. Growing up on the streets, Eve learns the art of self reliance. When she runs into the members of the mysterious 'Order' - the same organization to which her parents bore allegiance-several unanswered questions from Eve's childhood reemerge. -  Ia Villatuya, Michelle Laurent, Nicole Maxali An ex-special services veteran, down on his luck and desperate for work, takes a job as a security guard at a run-down mall in a rough area of town. On his first night on the job, he opens the door to a distraught and desperate young girl who has fled the hijacking of a Police motorcade that was transporting her to testify as a witness in a trial. Hot on her heels is the psychopathic hijacker and his team of henchmen, who will stop at nothing to extract and eliminate the witness. Brazil is a contract killer, willing to take any job if the price is right. Flint left the assassin game when a ruthless drug dealer's brutal attack left his wife in a coma. When a contract is put out on the same coldblooded drug dealer, both Brazil and Flint want him dead - one for the money, the other for revenge. With crooked Interpol agents and vicious members of the criminal underworld hot on their trail, these two assassins reluctantly join forces to quickly take out their target before they themselves are terminated. After a devastating terrorist attack annihilates New York, Chicago and Los Angeles, the US government develops state-of-the-art drone patrols to counter terrorist activities and police the population. When Patterson Endcott, a scientist and drone controller, finds his name listed as a potential terrorist, he unites with a group of resistance fighters to spearhead the fight against the tyrannical government. Thor is imprisoned on the other side of the universe and finds himself in a race against time to get back to Asgard to stop Ragnarok, the destruction of his home-world and the end of Asgardian civilization, at the hands of an all-powerful new threat, the ruthless Hela. A Punjabi college student tries to regain his sense of purpose after disappointing his parents and losing the love of his life due to his carefree attitude. The movie is set in the near future, when the "ARK Project" has initiated a program to increase the quality of human life through the peaceful use of robots. Dr. Komyoji, the chief scientist on the project, has developed a process to create a robot with a figurative human "heart" through the installation of a "conscience circuit", but his plans are violently opposed by researcher Gilbert Kanzaki.  When Dr. Komyoji is killed in an apparent accident, his children Masaru and Mitsuko are targeted by mysterious forces within the ARK Project looking to gain control of the scientist's research data. But the villains are opposed by Jiro, the android with a human conscience who fights for justice as the hero Kikaider. When a contract killer (Steven Seagal) encounters a girl on the run from a dangerous mob boss (Vinnie Jones) with powerful political ties, running a human trafficking operation, he is torn between protecting the girl, and remaining loyal to the government agency that hired him. Gabby is constable in the village, and the mayor is on his case to catch pig thieves. After a lawyer gets disbared, he goes off to write a book about his experience. He meets a man who lets him read his manuscript. The man dies and the lawyer passes the book off as his. Just when the book becomes a big success. He gets arrested for the true life murders of the five lawyers in his book. He then finds himself, trying to prove that he is innocent of the murders The Rapture has come and gone, in its wake is a famished wasteland filled with desperate looters, marauders and scavengers. In this third installment of The Revelation Road Saga, Josh McManus finds himself in a dangerous border-town at the edge of the wild-lands. The beleaguered Mayor sends Josh on a vital mission to find the mysterious and elusive "Shepherd". Is the Shepherd a prophet or a pariah? A true man of God or a cult leader? With the aid of a beautiful survivor, Josh will discover the truth in an action-packed adventure that puts his skills and his faith to the test. Pinku from 2014. Out of work TV cameraman Ron Kobelski is approached by his formerly reclusive neighbor Walter Ohlinger. Ohlinger claims that he was the mysterious "second gunman" that shot and killed President Kennedy. Ohlinger has kept quiet all these years, but has decided to tell his story now that he has been diagnosed with terminal cancer. Kobelski is skeptical of his neighbor's story, after his investigations provide ambiguous answers. His attitude changes, however, after he receives threatening messages on his answering machine, and spots shadowy figures in his backyard. Is Ohlinger telling the truth? Or is there a bigger conspiracy at work? Contemporary Chinese artist Sun Xun uses woodblock printing, a centuries-old technique, to reimagine and transform the 21st century medium of digital animated film. In Time Spy (2016), Sun Xun has created a three-dimensional cinematic world that roams freely across time and cultures, following an enigmatic and visually driven narrative that draws its influences from both Eastern and Western traditions of art, history, myth, and imagination. What is the secret origin of this self-proclaimed 'real-life warrior, adventurer and musician'? How has he gained his tremendous cult following? Steel yourselves for a quest to explore how this enigmatic personality came to be and the powerful effect he has on all those he meets. Low budget horror film shot in Alabama. After their home is destroyed, Boxhead &amp; Roundhead must head to the big city to battle red tape, rent, rats and the rat race to get it back. Art and industry, friendship and foul play are all in the mix in this, the first feature length Boxhead &amp; Roundhead stressful adventure. By a strange twist of fate, dutiful Hong Kong policeman Dan saves the life of the leader of a violent gang of armed robbers.  When they commit another crime, Dan is determined to put an end to their activities.  He works with the leader, whom the gang had betrayed, to engineer a plan to wreak havoc within the gang and let the gangsters kill one another.  But it becomes increasingly obvious to Dan and to his colleagues that Dan is suffering from a severe mental disorder, and Dan finds that instead of upholding the law as a righteous police officer, he has now become a fugitive wanted for murder. Based upon the true story of Bruce Johnston Sr., his son, and his brothers; together, they constituted one of suburban Philadelphia's most notorious crime families during the 1970's. Their criminal activities ranged from burglary, theft... and ultimately, murder. While enjoying the flower gardens, Sailor Moon (Usagi) and friends encounter an old childhood friend of Mamoru's: an alien! He's come back to give Mamoru a special flower, but doesn't like Usagi and the rest of the planet's inhabitants. Sailor Moon must defend the earth from the evil Kisenian Flower he's brought back... before the evil vines and blossoms overrun the planet! Set five years after first film "Eight Ranger". A new threat appears for Eight City and its protectors Eight Ranger. At Sakurada Gate in 1860, the shogun's chief minister and his retinue of bodyguards are ambushed and annihilated. Bearing the responsibility and shame for this failure is Shimura Kingo, master swordsman and chief of the guard. Forbidden to take his own life in atonement, he is instead tasked with hunting down the remaining assassins; however, fate intervenes and now only one is left. Devoted to his late lord and his duty, he relentlessly pursues the sole remaining assassin for the next thirteen years. But times are changing in Japan and the way of the sword has become outlawed. What does this mean for Kingo? A non-stop, race against time action packed thriller that follows an elite SWAT Team as they try to stop a domestic terrorist from killing innocent hostages and destroying the city of Los Angeles. With 24 hours left on the clock, the team must rely on their instincts and unique skill set to stop the attack and bring justice. A Manic depressive artist survives a suicidal fall only to be possessed by a murdered gangster, who uses the artist to seek vengeance on those that ended his life. When New Orleans Police Detective Danny Fisher stops a brilliant thief from getting away with a multimillion-dollar heist, the thief's girlfriend is accidentally killed. After escaping from prison, the criminal mastermind enacts his revenge, taunting Danny with 12 rounds of near-impossible puzzles and tasks that he must somehow complete to save the life of the woman he loves. Follows the journey of John and Colt, gunfighters and sometime lovers, on parallel but very different journeys through an underground dueling culture.  Arthur Bishop thought he had put his murderous past behind him when his most formidable foe kidnaps the love of his life. Now he is forced to travel the globe to complete three impossible assassinations, and do what he does best, make them look like accidents. A reclusive telemarketer has only one semblance of a friend: His telecommuter boss. But the telemarketer's social circle seems to improve greatly when a whimsical co-worker enters his life. Only, as he begins to sketch his new friend's portrait, disturbing "voices" from the phone man's past threaten to lead him into a network of destruction The story revolves around the lives of three young friends, who struggle to establish themselves in the real world. They are working to make it big until they get caught up in a certain situation, only to get rescued by a common friend of 45-year-old. When a meteor shower rains down outside Los Angeles, Jonas and Lars, two friends stuck in tired, boring lives, head out to find a meteor and strike it rich. After recovering one, they start being stalked by terrordactyls, ancient flying reptiles that launch a full-on assault on the city. Trying to survive, they go on the run... William has failed to kill himself so many times that he outsources his suicide to aging assassin Leslie. But with the contract signed and death assured within a week (or his money back), William suddenly discovers reasons to live... However Leslie is under pressure from his boss to make sure the contract is completed. Five years after the murder of his wife and disappearance of his daughter, former police officer Jeremy Duffin is brought back to help in the hunt for a yuletide monster that punishes children that have been "naughty." As the monster becomes more erratic and unpredictable, Jeremy learns the truth about the disappearance of his daughter and the fate that has been bestowed upon him by an unlikely source. Can Jeremy finally end the nightmare Christmas monster that has terrorized this town for years? A romantic, violent, life-changing day in the life of eight teenagers. Our RoboCop Remake is a crowd-sourced film project based on the 1987 Paul Verhoeven classic. Organized through Channel 101 and a bunch of other places, we're 50 filmmakers (amateur and professional)  from Los Angeles and New York who have split the original RoboCop up into individual pieces and have remade the movie ourselves.  Not necessarily a shot-for-shot remake, but a scene-for-scene retelling. As big fans of the original RoboCop, and as filmmakers and film fans admittedly rolling our eyes at the Hollywood remake machine, we've elected to do this remake thing our own way. A lonely hotel by a lonely road. Sarah is lost, looking for somewhere to sleep. She's come to the wrong place. A lonely hotel by a lonely road. Sarah is lost, Jenny is looking for her. She's come to the right place. The Bridgeburn Hotel A group of people find themselves trapped in the backwoods of West Virginia, fighting for their lives against a group of vicious and horribly disfigured inbred cannibals. Set in the Joseon Period, three beautiful musketeers fight against a powerful group who tries to overturn the royal family and gain absolute power. The leader of the Beautiful Three Musketeers is Jin-Ok (Ha Ji-Won), a smart and righteous woman. Hong-Dan (Gang Ye-Won) is the only married woman among the three women. Ga-Bi (Son Ga-In) is the youngest among the musketeers and excels at fighting. In 13th century Ireland a group of monks must escort a sacred relic across an Irish landscape fraught with peril. Milo Boyd is a bounty hunter whose latest gig is rather satisfying, as he finds out that the bail-skipper he must chase down is his own ex-wife, Nicole -- but she has no intention of getting nabbed without a fight. Complicating matters, Nicole's wannabe-boyfriend, Stewart, joins the chase. A filmmaker questions her own national identity.   Keshav, an alcoholic, swears off alcohol after his father's death. He loves Kamala, whose father gets him a job and fixes a marriage date. But, the marriage is cancelled when he starts drinking again. The true story of pilot Barry Seal, who transported contraband for the CIA and the Medellin cartel in the 1980s.  This action-packed sequel to the original "Atlanta HEAT" 2012 embarks on Detective Sadie Parks (Jarneen Brown) and the team of undercover detectives efforts to get the drugs off the streets of Atlanta. Sadie has engaged in both sides of the fence and has such compromised the team. Her Chief (Jeanine Chait) must create a diversion from internal affairs. A must-see action drama packed with HEAT! The Major, aided by three other military commandos, undertakes a mission to bring to justice an evil arms dealer and drugs smuggler. Life for the residents of a tower block begins to run out of control. Dishkiyaoon is a Bollywood action film produced by Shilpa Shetty and her husband Raj Kundra along with Eros International. The film features Sunny Deol, Harman Baweja and debutant Ayesha Khanna. The film is about the Mumbai underworld.2014.Four songs for the film have been composed by debutant Palash Muchhal, who's the youngest music composer of Bollywood at age of 18. Under the loving but firm guidance of an old fan turned director and cultural diplomat, and to the surprise of a whole world, the ex-Yugoslavian cult band Laibach becomes the first rock group ever to perform in the fortress state of North Korea. Sathya, a real estate agent, whose lookalike brother Shiva, who moonlights as a robber. After he robs Rs 250 crores from a couple of businessmen, both brothers become the target of a corrupt cop (Kishore), who is keen on nailing them. The third movie about a Chinese special force soldier with extraordinary marksmanship. Ex-WAVE encounters four fun-loving, work-hating men, all of whom want to marry her. A romantic drama which aims to allure the urban crowd, stars Nithiin Reddy and Adah Sharma. With a tagline `I need one hour kiss to burn 300 calories` - that suggests the film is high on romantic quotient  The journey of a woman scientist who, at the end of times, discovers that true Faith can bring Miracles. Warcraft III is the most popular real-time strategy computer game, thrilling over 2.5 million North Americans and 10 million people worldwide everyday. The game creates an alternate universe, where players challenge each other with a mythically-charged online world of humans, orcs, the undead, knights, and elves. In Beyond the Game, we meet - in real life and within the game - two of the game's leading figures, known as Grubby and Sky. Acclaimed filmmaker Jos de Putter tracks these Kasparovs of a new generation and a new game across the world all the way to the world championships in Seattle. A fascinating, surprising, and genuinely touching portrait, Beyond the Game is a study of, and participation in, the reformation of our communities in the internet age. A 1938 romantic comedy film which tells the story of a teenage boy who becomes entangled with three different girls all at the same time. Global climate change prompts a scientific corporation to genetically modify Alaskan polar bears with horrific and deadly results. Assassin Robert Rath arrives at a funeral to kill a prominent mobster, only to witness a rival hired gun complete the job for him -- with grisly results. Horrified by the murder of innocent bystanders, Rath decides to take one last job and then return to civilian life. But finding his way out of the world of contract killing grows ever more dangerous as Rath falls for his female target and becomes a marked man himself. As the devoutly single Don Johnston is dumped by his latest girlfriend, he receives an anonymous pink letter informing him that he has a son who may be looking for him. Set in a timeless mythical forest inhabited by fairies, goblins, unicorns and mortals, this fantastic story follows a mystical forest dweller, chosen by fate, to undertake a heroic quest. He must save the beautiful Princess  Lili and defeat the demonic Lord of Darkness, or the world will be plunged into a never-ending ice age. A beautiful woman and her boyfriend are trying to escape from sadistic serial killers. Cocky, charismatic and womanizing Rio is the reigning champion of Indonesia's illegal street racing scene. Along with his friends-tuning genius Monty, Balinese champion racer Gde, and the beautiful-yet-brash Nanda. Rio forms a speed-obsessed society, racing against fellow super car owners in exotic and beautiful locations across the country. Rio's archenemy is Nico, the heavily-guarded heir to a Surabaya crime syndicate-and the city's number one racer-who keeps pushing Rio for a rematch after an embarrassing loss on the former's home turf. Rio's priorities change, however, after he meets the beautiful and smart Karina, a newcomer DJ who plays at one of his regular hangouts. Their friendship soon blossoms into something more serious. For the first time in his life, Rio feels he can focus on something other than racing. After a race ends with a near-death incident that shocked Karina, Rio decides to put his racing days behind. That is, until nervy racer Yopie enters the scene. Frackman tells the story of accidental activist Dayne Pratzky and his struggle against international gas companies. Australia will soon become the world's biggest gas exporter as more than 30,000 'fracked' wells are sunk in the state of Queensland where Dayne lives. He and his neighbours have unwittingly become the centre of a massive industrial landscape and they have no legal right to stop mining on their land. Dayne embarks on a journey that transforms him from conservative pig-shooter to sophisticated global activist as the Frackman. He meets the people drawn into a battle that is crossing the ideological divide, bringing together a peculiar alliance of farmers, activists and political conservatives. Along the way Dayne encounters love, tragedy and triumph. A greedy TV channel owner tries to rake in the moolah by pitting a reluctant local boxer against a notorious international champion. A gypsy girl travels across the vast lands of Brazil to save her long lost childhood friend from a violent countess who drinks the blood of young women. A desert survival reality show goes horribly wrong. Horror junkie Joe Foster gets to live out his ultimate scary movie fantasy courtesy of Fear Inc., a company that specializes in giving you the fright of your life. But as lines blur between what is and is not part of the game, Joe's dream come true begins to look more like a nightmare. Things are hectic in heaven. Dozens of scribes sit before a long scroll incessantly scribbling away. They are composing the biographies of earth-dwellers. What is invented by the men in heaven is lived out below. And their employer, God, is increasingly vehement in demanding avant-garde ideas. Take, for example, the beautiful Yuri, a girl who dies in a car crash. Some of the heavenly scribes find this very dull and send former gangster Chas, who has become a heavenly tea-boy, back down to earth with instructions to save Yuri no matter what. And so Chas ends up in Okinawa, gets to know the earth-dwellers, interferes in their fates, becomes celebrated as 'Mr Angel' and is hounded by brutal enemies. His falling in love with Yuri is of course a foregone conclusion. But no one could anticipate what happens next. Not even God himself Deep in the jungles of Southeast Asia, a terrorist organization has stolen materials to create a dangerous chemical bomb. It is up to Captain Max Randall and his team of Marines to stop them. But when Randall's team kill the terrorist leader's son, the group responds by kidnapping General Wallace's daughter. It is up to Randall to save her and stop the terrorist attack. It's the end of the century at a corner of the city in a building riddled with crime - Everyone in the building has turned into zombies. After Jenny's boyfriend is killed in a zombie attack, she faces the challenge of surviving in the face of adversity. In order to stay alive, she struggles with Andy to flee danger. Footage of a brutal murder becomes a feature on the internet. The life of Kim Davis, the young live-in girlfriend of legendary casino owner Ray Easler, is thrown upside down when she falls for Matt Duvall, the man Ray hires to bury his $20 million fortune of silver on the floor of the Nevada desert. A historical glimpse into the history of Pakistan India Partition and war's of 1965 and 1971 and present day of the new conflict in Pakistan. Anand (Feroz Khan) is a London returned teacher who has sought employment in a local school in India. His co-teachers are Geeta (Asha Parekh), Girdharilal (Jankidas), Pandey (Asit Sen), Lalita (Lalita Kumari), and Principal (Brahm Bhardwaj). Anand's students, though fairly mature, lack sex education, and he discusses this at length with the other teachers and the Principal, and he is met with opposition. Anand is attracted to Geeta, but Geeta shows no interest in him. Several female students are attracted to Anand. Anand naively is openly friendly with all his students, however, Anand faces trouble when one of his female students becomes pregnant, and he is accused of raping her. Spoof of the "Taken" franchise. An ex-CIA agent who is now a mall security guard discovers that things are being taken from him. He must team up with his mom, also an ex-CIA agent, to defeat his rival and save his family. Jack Hammond is sentenced to life in prison, but manages to escape. To get away from the police he takes a girl as hostage and drives off in her car. The girl happens to be the only daughter of one of the richest men in the state. In a while the car chase is being broadcast live on every TV-channel. After finding an old storage locker filled with his family's history, James Erikson begins a journey to discover the truth behind a mysterious piece of land in the small town of Solitude. Documentary - The Current tells the story of individuals from all walks of life that have faced incredible obstacles, found the drive to overcome their disabilities, and have through water sports become real everyday heroes. - Bethany Hamilton, Missy Franklin, Mallory Weggemann, Anthony Robles, Jesse Murphree Based on Khaled Hosseini's novel 'The Kite Runner' the story is about two childhood friends- one friend's search for his friend's son, taken captive by terrorists.It's a story of redemption-of a coward emerging as a hero but the backdrop is different from the original novel-it's set on a fictitious place called Ishanpur and the dialect used by the characters is called Ishania-since it's a fictitious language so there will be subtitles for the entire length of the film. A British Special Boat Service commando tracks down an international terrorist cell. Mafia daughter Suki finds herself at the wrong end of a drug deal and left for dead. Lonely son of a Canadian preacher man Michael builds the first professional wrestling company in faraway Finland. Young transsexual wrestler Jessica infiltrates into the company contesting Michael both physically and ideologically. Anger and frustration get to Michael who is now 40 years old still looking for companion. He is looking for love, but first must learn not to hate. As Michael finds true love online he redefines his values, and reinvents himself as a wrestler in love. An aspiring director targets a ruthless gangster for making a violent gangster film. His discreet attempts to research the gangster fail miserably. Finally when he gets caught snooping, the tables are turned on him. Indran suffers from narcolepsy, a sleep disorder that makes him fall asleep at the slightest excitement. He meets Meera and they fall in love but one night, they are attacked by unknown persons. Indran panics and goes into sleep, while Meera is raped. Indran must rely hard on his wits to find the assailants and overcome his condition get his revenge. Bitte Andersson's debut feature >>Dyke Hard<< is a wild John Waters-inspired queer comedy following a lesbian rock band's violent adventures back in 1986. Dyke Hard is a failed rock group travelling to a battle of the bands competition in the big city. The journey is further filled with bizarre, fierce and passionate encounters with cyborgs, ghosts, a thai boxer, roller derby gals, ninjas, motorcycle gangs and a mysterious billionaire all of whom will do everything to stop the band from making it in time to the battle.  Ayyappan Nair is very fond of elephants.His profession is being as a Elephant Care taker. His daughter is Karthika and wife madhavi.He takes a bank Loan to have an Elephant.But he didn't get an Elephant for that money.Finaly he gets a Elephant from a circus crew.He takes that Elephant home.He realizes that it's a Hindi Elephant and he learns hindi from Jayachandran.Jayachandran & Karthika fells into love. It's 1948 and the Cold War has arrived in Chile. In the Congress, prominent Communist Senator and popular poet Pablo Neruda accuses the government of betraying the Party and is stripped of his parliamentary immunity by President Gonzalez Videla. The Chief of Investigative Police instructs inspector Oscar Peluchonneau to arrest the poet. Neruda tries to escape from the country with his wife, the painter Delia del Carril, but they are forced to go underground. William, a respected artist who lost everything after his divorce, arrives in Montreal on a job prospect. When the job falls through he then is saved and forms an erotic friendship and exposes his soul with a young woman named Paulette. Fuelled by his restored faith in humanity and inspired by Superman's selfless act, Bruce Wayne and Diana Prince assemble a team of metahumans consisting of Barry Allen, Arthur Curry and Victor Stone to face the catastrophic threat of Steppenwolf and the Parademons who are on the hunt for three Mother Boxes on Earth. The Candyman, a murderous soul with a hook for a hand, is accidentally summoned to reality by a skeptic grad student researching the monster's myth. The NPS (National Police Safety Rescue), whose purpose is to catch extreme criminals alive, becomes the center of attention. A sit-in demonstration takes place. Members of the NPS, including Ichigo Kamikura (Osamu Mukai) go to the protest site. Meanwhile, a transport ship is hijacked in the Pacific Ocean. Meeting by chance when they return to their tiny California hometown, two former high-school sweethearts reflect on their shared past. Aravind, a principled young man, takes on the corrupt officers in the government. They soon launch a counter-attack. Will Aravind emerge victorious or succumb to their wiles?  Following the phenomenal success of "The Threepenny Opera", the film industry wants to win over the celebrated author. But Bertolt Brecht is not prepared to play by their rules. His concept of the "Threepenny Film" is radical, uncompromising, political, and incisive. A thousand years ago, one boy with a dream of becoming a great warrior is abducted with his sister and taken to a land far away from home. Thrown into a world where greed and injustice rule all, Bilal finds the courage to raise his voice and make a change. Inspired by true events, this is a story of a real hero who earned his remembrance in time and history. Summer of 42-th character after being injured for a month falls in the capital. He should be happy -- but the young Lieutenant is not able to come to terms with everyday Moscow life. He refuses the offer to continue his service without risking his life: it would mean betraying his comrades-in-arms... A professional poker player falls deep into underworld when he takes an unexpected wager from a mysterious high roller. A war-hardened Crusader and his Moorish commander mount an audacious revolt against the corrupt English crown. Posing as lovers on vacation, Motoko and Batou work to try to stop a terrorist organization whose symbol is the Scrasath. Meanwhile, Togusa investigates a murder of a man who possessed a prosthetic leg manufactured by the Mermaid's Leg corporation. Jessica and Dave along with three other young couples are kidnapped in Griffith Park by unseen Abductors and must fight to escape certain death only to discover the world will never be the same. Two men both experience life-altering events and embark on the journey towards revenge. Stopping at nothing until their punisher pays for what they have done. While attending an all-girls boarding school in New England in the 1960s, five nonconformist students (Lauren Storm, Haley Hudson, Sarah Aldrich, Brooke Lyons and B.K. Cannon) develop an uncommon bond by uncovering a stunning, life-altering secret -- and by standing up to authority. Mariette Hartley, Charlotte Stewart and Lynda Scarlino co-star in this compelling coming-of-age tale from director Camille Poisson. A former youth boxing champion, Jimmy McCabe is a man in search of hope but looking in all the wrong places. When he hits rock bottom he turns to his childhood boxing club and the only family he has left: gym owner Bill corner man Eddie and promoter Joe. Back in training, years after anyone thought he was a contender, he risks his life, as he tries to stand tall and regain his place in the world. Battleground (2014) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by WWE. It took place on July 20, 2014 at the Tampa Bay Times Forum in Tampa, Florida. It was the second event under the Battleground chronology, with the event having originated in 2013.  Nine matches (including, for the first time ever, two pre-shows) took place at the event. There were two main events. The first main event saw Seth Rollins defeat Dean Ambrose by forfeit. Ambrose attacked Rollins during a backstage segment until Triple H demanded security to escort Ambrose out the building. Rollins would make his way to the ring and asked the referee for a victory via forfeit. After receiving the victory, Rollins would be attacked by Ambrose, who managed to evade security, including hiding himself in a car's boot and attacking Rollins yet again. The second main event saw John Cena defeat Roman Reigns, Kane and Randy Orton in a fatal 4 way to retain the WWE World Heavyweight Championship. Following an incident on Halloween, the lives of a roofer, waitress, romantic rookie, and mysterious clairvoyant converge due to an undiscovered connection. Buck North, Canadian Ninja, was once a box office smash hit. His greatest film Code of The Wind Warrior set the record for the highest ticket sales in the history of North America. He had it all-except the memory of his childhood. Now a freelancer for the Canadian military, Buck travels to the mysterious and impenetrable Ninja Paradise Island, where Iron Face Yakuzzi and the infamous Communist/Terrorist/Scientist have teamed up to unleash an army of genetically engineered Super Ninjas. It is here that Buck North must face his greatest enemies, as well as his dark past, in order to save Canada from certain peril. The story of Chinese legendary anti-hero Zhong Kui, a young man endowed with mysterious powers who is forced into a battle among the realms of Heaven, Earth and Hell in the course of his attempt to save his countrymen and the woman he loves. The lone surviving thief of a violent armored car robbery is sprung from a high security facility and administered an experimental drug. A feature-length documentary film about hip-hop DJing, otherwise known as turntablism. From the South Bronx in the 1970s to San Francisco now, the world's best scratchers, beat-diggers, party-rockers, and producers wax poetic on beats, breaks, battles, and the infinite possibilities of vinyl. Looking for any way to get away from the life and town he was born into, Tripp, a high school senior, builds a Monster Truck from bits and pieces of scrapped cars. After an accident at a nearby oil-drilling site displaces a strange and subterranean creature with a taste and a talent for speed, Tripp may have just found the key to getting out of town and a most unlikely friend. Punjabi Action Movie   Sex on the metro! The director has taken footage shot in a completely empty compartment on the London underground and married it to the off-camera reading of a pornographic text that includes detailed masturbation instructions for a female rider. The whole sexy trip, driven by musical clinking sounds, is framed by images of a woman in black bandages using a leather whip for self-flagellation. Take a ride on the wild side! Cross is aided by his team of weapons experts Riot, War, Shark, Lucia, Ranger, Saint, Blackfire and Nuke. Their biggest fight is against their most dangerous enemy GUNNAR. A thousand year old Viking that's cursed to live for ever. Gunnar's only chance at ending his own life is to be the last living soul on earth. The Cross Team must stop Gunnar before he ends humanity. A small time crook and a newly-orphaned teenage boy team up to perform a string of robberies. Drug and organ dealing are connected to each other like a spider web in the underworld of Mongolia. Once you step into the web, it's impossible to get out. When a young monk is forced to leave his impoverished monastery, he relies on his extraordinary martial arts skills to survive in the outside world. In search of a mentor, he crosses paths with a Kung Fu master who is in possession of the Book of Secrets, which reveals the lost art of the deadly Ape Strike Kung Fu technique. The rare book is coveted by a sinister father and son who will go to any extremes to obtain it. The monk finds himself immersed in a deadly battle to protect both the book and his master. While recovering from an assassination attempt four days before his coronation, a stern prince is replaced by a romantic lookalike. Following the fall of the Roman Empire, a Roman woman plots to make her son the new Emperor and to fulfill the former glory of the city. Directed by Independent filmmaker Jamie Sharps(Tucker's Crossing), this thrill a minute action/comedy simultaneously pokes fun at the zombie genre and pays homage to the spaghetti western .. A young man's life changes forever after a life-threatening encounter on the Kenyan coast. Now he must risk his job, his love, and his future for something even more important. A diplomatic official is captured and imprisoned while touring a war zone, so a team of elite female commandos is assembled to infiltrate a women's prison for a daring rescue. The two teams become even more strained when the Metal Maniacs get a new leader. Meanwhile, the Acceleracers and the Racing Drones face challenges while competing in the Racing Realms with a new, mysterious opponent. Col. Guile and various other martial arts heroes fight against the tyranny of Dictator M. Bison and his cohorts. Set in the south Texas town of Sucio Sangre near the vicious Mexican border, BLOOD SOMBRERO stars Billy Blair as a nameless thief hired by the ruthless crime lord Lucifer (Nick Gomez) to find a strange box with unknown contents. Meanwhile a mysterious yet violent girl named Josephine (Paula Solinger) holds the box while on the run from the deranged cult she once belonged to. Hot on her trail are two crooked cops (Fred Doss and Stephen Brodie) and a psychotic bounty hunter named Coffin. Their paths ultimately collide in an explosion of blood soaked chaos, leaving our anti-heroes to decide whether this box is worth their lives. Antonio, young Brazilian civil servant, travels to the Atacama Desert in search of inspiration to write a short story. A desperate father tries to return home to his pregnant wife after a mysterious apocalyptic event turns everything to chaos. Bhai Ji is a high-tech robber who changes his looks frequently. Disguised as jewelry experts, he and his team members hatch a plan to steal precious jewelry from a palace in Kerala. Documentary about legendary Paramount producer Robert Evans, based on his famous 1994 autobiography. Elastigirl springs into action to save the day, while Mr. Incredible faces his greatest challenge yet - taking care of the problems of his three children. Fourth film from "TOEI HERO NEXT" series featuring actors playing heroes of Toei tokusatsu series. This time, six cast of super sentai series "Zyuden Sentai Kyoryuger" star in a comedy film, "Oretachi Shokin Kasegi Dan." Directed by Koichi Sakamoto ("Zyuden Sentai Kyoryuger"). The movie revolves around two common boys who travel from India to Thailand for success and money. How they cheat dons in Thailand and rob. The movie is a fast paced thriller showing the fun filled bromance between Rambo and Ranjha. It will surely take you on a thrill ride full of fun and joy. Mallister takes Thane prisoner and forces Marek and her team on a quest.  Marek tracks down the Necromancer for a final showdown for the Darkspore. The story of a drifter named Paul who arrives in a small town seeking revenge on the thugs who murdered his friend. Sisters Mary Anne and Ellen, who run the town's hotel, help Paul in his quest for vengeance. A young, single pastor needs a date for a church dinner, so he hires his neighbor next door, who works as a prostitute, to accompany him. As she becomes more entangled in his life, her demands become more outrageous. Now he must navigate a moral minefield as he uses the unholy alliance to advance his ministry career. And things get more complicated when he starts to fall in love with her. A comedy about people who desperately want to convert each other. A comic-caper, that tells the story of 3 morons trying to rob a bank who pick the worst day possible when everything that can go wrong, goes wrong and how they're inadvertently caught in the crossfire. A disgraced copywriter addicted to psychiatric drugs goes through a hell of a weekend to save his marriage. A young teacher inspires her class of at-risk students to learn tolerance, apply themselves, and pursue education beyond high school. Everyone knows that the stork delivers babies, but where do the storks get the babies from? The answer lies up in the stratosphere, where cloud people sculpt babies from clouds and bring them to life. Gus, a lonely and insecure grey cloud, is a master at creating "dangerous" babies. Crocodiles, porcupines, rams and more - Gus's beloved creations are works of art, but more than a handful for his loyal delivery stork partner, Peck. As Gus's creations become more and more rambunctious, Peck's job gets harder and harder. How will Peck manage to handle both his hazardous cargo and his friend's fiery temperament? RITRATTI DI SURF is a film about surfers, shapers, artists and other characters connected to the Italian surf culture. The film was shot between 2011 and 2013 by the authors of Onde Nostre, the first italian surf movie shot in 16mm film, which has been selected by numerous international film festivals. Loosely based on the true-life tale of Ron Woodroof, a drug-taking, women-loving, homophobic man who in 1986 was diagnosed with HIV/AIDS and given thirty days to live. Time-lapses of cacti and succulent over the course of a year. Environmental data drives the tone and filtration of the sounds while the rising and setting of the sun illuminates plant growth in and out phase with each each other. The Great Sasuke chronicles a-year-in-the-life of an aging Japanese professional wrestler and politician who once enjoyed a great fame. Reflecting on his 20 turbulent years as a wrestler, Sasuke decides to climb back into both arenas -- wrestling and politics -- for a final battle royale. Linda is a little girl rejected by other children and by her family. She lives in a small town where a serial killer is prowling. But one day, she sees a strange character on the street carrying a bag with an arm hanging out of it. When an archaeologist discovers Sir Francis Drake's lost treasure in the Sahara Desert, it is promptly stolen and she sets off on a global quest to steal it back. In the aftermath of a family tragedy, an aspiring author is torn between love for her childhood friend and the temptation of a mysterious outsider. Trying to escape the ghosts of her past, she is swept away to a house that breathes, bleeds... and remembers. University students in Taipei come under pressure when they are bullied by thugs and forced to enter a fight to the death karate tournament, where super kicker Hwang Jang Lee is the final opponent. A policeman goes undercover in a criminal gang to avenge his family's murder. Blackmailed into murdering, a casanova is presented with the opportunity of living two lives. One in which he commits the crime and the other in which he refuses and goes on the run. A crew of scientists arrives on a far, cold planet to examine archaic artifacts of unknown origin. They discover that their German enemies already have a ship there. When they seek their help after a failed landing, they only find the Germans' bodies, obviously slaughtered by one of the archaic creatures, awoken to new life. Now the alien is after them. All self-taught dancer Kate Parker has ever wanted to do was perform with the American Academy of Ballet. But when she doesnt make it after auditioning, she learns that it takes more than precision and perfection to succeed in the dance world. A teenager wakes up in a subway car with no memory of how he got there or who he is. Adele is suffering from a terrifying recurring dream; a dream that often borders on reality, and even enters it in the form of horrible visions which climax during an evening stroll in the center of Rome. The medical findings don't reveal anything noteworthy and her brother, who was with her that evening, is diagnosed with a simple seizure. Faced with a general skepticism, Adele has no other choice but to turn to the unconventional, so she decides to seek out Dylan Dog - a paranormal investigator When his fiancee is kidnapped by human traffickers, Roman and his ex-military brothers set out to track her down and save her before it is too late. Along the way, Roman teams up with Avery, a cop investigating human trafficking and fighting the corrupt bureaucracy that has harmful intentions. The film tells the story of three teenagers, based on real life gangsters Charles "Lucky" Luciano (Michael Nouri), Benjamin "Bugsy" Siegel (Joe Penny) and Michael Lasker (Brian Benben) (a fictional character who was most likely modeled after Meyer Lansky), growing up in New York's ghettos during the early 1900s to their rise though organized crime. Returning to his homeland after years of slavery, a Norman prince seeks revenge on his father's  murderer - his ruthless uncle, Earl Durant. Gaining the trust of a band of exiled farmers, he leads them into battle against Durant, exploiting them in his inexorable quest for vengeance. As one by one they are slaughtered in the brutal battle, will the prince sacrifice everything an everyone to fulfil his quest for blood? Film starring Tanushree Chatterji, Monalisa and Shahid Shams A group of young bio-engineers discover they can use quantum physics to transfer motor-skills between human brains.  Believing this to be a first step towards a new intellectual freedom, they freely distribute the technology. But as the mysterious past of one of their group is revealed, dark forces emerge that threaten to subvert this technology into a means of mass control.  DxM takes the mind-bender thriller to the next level with an immersive narrative and breath-taking action. From the fields of Cambodia to the mean streets of L.A., there's no escaping death and it's blinding revenge. Brothers Mike and Jody join family friend Reggie to battle the Tall Man and his evil minions from another dimension, for the final time. The latest exploitation / Grindhouse feature film from Ungovernable Films, featuring all your favorite ungovernable motifs like sex, gore, violence, nudity, schlock, and laughs! Oh, and of course a social message! This time it's "fuck the police!" In 1999 Hussain Sadiqi fled the remote mountains of central Afghanistan as the Taliban stepped up their violent persecution of the Hazara people. This was to be the start of Hussain's epic 20,000km journey to Australia. 10 years later, this self-confessed 'nomad' is about to give up his new life in his new country to pursue a lifelong dream - a dream that was born over 20 years ago, when a young Hussain first saw a torn and battered picture of his life long hero, Bruce Lee. A migrant worker named Austin finds himself the target of a deadly corporate cover-up in a small Wyoming town. An NYU philosophy grad struggles to maintain artistic and personal integrity as a production manager for Columbia House. Life for the residents of a tower block begins to run out of control. Based on the comic book by the creator of Ghost in the Shell, a young female soldier Deunan and her cyborg partner Briareos survive through the post World War 3 apocalyptic New York in search of human's future hope, the legendary city of Olympus. A gang of malevolent ninjas who lay siege to a South London pub in search of a mysterious scroll. Struck with a slow-acting and lethal poison, the survivors must work together to save themselves before it's too late. The sequel to Paul Tanter's "He Who Dares" will continue to follow the Special Air Service (SAS) anti-hijacking counter-terrorism team. In the thriller, Christopher Lowe finds himself summoned to 10 Downing Street to be dishonorably discharged from the SAS for disobeying a direct order, despite the fact that he saved the Prime Minister's only daughter. In 1942, an intelligence officer in North Africa encounters a female French Resistance fighter on a deadly mission behind enemy lines. When they reunite in London, their relationship is tested by the pressures of war. Koyelaanchal (coal belt of India) brings to light the explosive story of the people who have kept our precious fuel station at ransom for centuries. Koyelaanchal unveils itself through Saryu Bhan Singh (Vinod Khanna),an ex-owner turned Mafioso of the region, who through his sheer brutality &amp; blatant defiance of law of the land, forces the people &amp; the authorities to acknowledge him as their 'maalik'. Any protest, any voice of dissent against him is dealt with spine chilling violence of epic proportions. Blood flows deep down the old Mississippi drug war. Business deals are conducted through gun-toting strippers who will do anything for money. Sip, a Mississippi born hustler, leaves graveyards filled with remains of those who crossed The Sip Boyz. Things turn sour when they steal from the boss, a Baton Rouge drug lord; the boss sends Black, a heartless hit-man in for retaliation and retribution. Mississippi Shakedown takes you into the shady underground world of drugs, money and women. Thriller set in the world of Forensic Pathology. Coroner Paul Herzfeld finds a capsule in the head of a heavily mutilated corpse, containing a phone number and single word: the name of his daughter. There is a murder while at prayer. Selman Bulut, the imam of mosque, starts to investigate the murder and faces with people in the neighborhood. A year after becoming the toast of New York City's art scene, photographer Max Martin has lost his ability to take a decent picture. On the night before his make-or-break gallery opening, surrounded by the trappings of success but devoid of inspiration, Max embarks on a bizarre trek through the city in search of ten mysterious photographs that could save his career. Shot in brilliant color and dramatic black and white, first-time director Jeremy Stein's industrial New York City is a wonderland, roamed by witches and magical creatures, where survival hinges on the completion of a simple quest. Accompanied by an unlikely crew of strangers he meets along the way, Max trips through a modern-day Oz and rediscovers the easily forgotten value of seeing magic reflected in everyday life. An ex-con reunites with his estranged wayward 16-year old daughter to protect her from drug dealers who are trying to kill her. The year is 2045, the continuing drug war has caused havoc between The United States government and Mexico. Gear Side International, a robotics engineering company loses a multi billion dollar government contract due to bad practices. On the brink of bankruptcy, they sell off their technology to the Malvado cartel on the black market. With the advanced military robotics technology in the wrong hands. The cartel uses it to their advantage; replacing their enforcers, hit men, and soldiers. The cartel eventually becomes a very powerful threat to The United States With a tagline that reads Full Meals, Beedi and a match box, Huchudugaru is a story set in a rural backdrop. It is a story that deals with four guys - Shiva, Shankara, Madesha and Nanjunda who belong to a small town, Nanjangud. These boys are happy-go-lucky teenagers who do not follow the concept of work hard and live harder.  They come in contact with a gangster and decide to come to Bangalore with a mission in mind. Shiva`s love Paaru eventually becomes a distraction in the mission. Who is Paaru, what is the mission and how did the gang of four leave the government shaken forms the story of the film. In this high-octane slugfest, a group of badass female students are forced to battle a gang of criminals. Even with their short skirts and leather boots, the HIGH KICK ANGELS prove to be martial arts masters. In a reality TV show created by the U.S. government about spies, audiences go on fake undercover missions, but fact cannot be easily distinguished from fiction. Two Southern California College Students plot their escape after being kidnapped by a human trafficking ring while on Spring Break in Mexico. A high school swim champion with a troubled past enrolls in the U.S. Coast Guard's 'A' School, where legendary rescue swimmer, Ben Randall teaches him some hard lessons about loss, love, and self-sacrifice. Long-awaited sequel to the 1995 film. A young British Asian, Mo is a fast-rising police officer who goes under cover infiltrating Shadwell's resurgent hooligan element, who are fired up by Shadwells's takeover by a Russian oligarch and their unlikely adventure into European competition. Mo quickly becomes embroiled in the local schism between the BNP and EDL and plans to build a new mosque in the shadow of the Shadwell ground creates an explosive environment in which football and political violence form a perfect storm of social unrest. In the midst of this, Mo is faced with the essential existential question of of who he really is and where he really belongs. It's 20 years on and clever Trevor is now chief super, but what happens to the rest of the gang? Narrowly escaping death at the hands of a notorious serial killer, Jessa Dixon awakens from a coma to learn her father committed suicide. Unconvinced, she investigates the suspicious suicide and uncovers a dark corporate conspiracy involving the police and the psychotic killer that almost took her life. Valencia, Spain. On a rainy morning, six armed men in disguise assault a bank. But what seemed like an easy heist, quickly goes wrong with nothing unfolding as planned, and mistrust quickly builds between the two leaders of the gang. One year after their father's death, two brothers find an ancient relic inside a wooden box. The events that follow soon place them at the center of a deadly battle between good and evil. Starring, Bryan Mark Jones (from Keichu Kai Black Belt Hall Of Fame), as Tim, in his first starring role, and featuring Don Mac (Actor, Super (2010)) as Gargantuan. This B-movie tribute film, reminiscent of the late 1970's, is full of nonstop action and big laughs. During a game of poker, a guest brings a lot to the table.  ---  From TheBuffNerds, this is a thriller short film.  Hold'em is a short film shot entirely in one take with no cuts or edit splices. In this campy send-up of the James Bond flicks, evil Blofelch Industries plots to rule the world by supplying the antidote for an impotence-causing virus -- which the company unleashed. It's up to Lames Blond (John Wardlaw), aka Agent Double O Zero, and CIA operative Felix Heavier (Bill Garst) to scotch the villainous plan. Along the way, the duo battles the malevolent Mr. Cowabunga and seductress Sherly Bilt (Suzannah LeGault). A sweet-natured charity worker finds his life turned upside down, when he falls in love with a mysterious woman. Aiello plays a powerful salesman whose world is falling apart. Laura manages to escape from dangerous old gangster Don Fabiano and his crew. With a motorcycle and a bag filled with money and weapons, she hits the road leaving her obscure past behind. Her escape route ends up at a farm house in the middle of nowhere, were she will meet a shady local family, a little girl Julie, her mother Eli and her tormented father Richie. Laura thinks she has left her past behind, but her past has not left her yet and soon various assassins will arrive to the house as Laura and her new family will have to survive the attacks. Following the death of his employer and mentor, Bumpy Johnson, Frank Lucas establishes himself as the number one importer of heroin in the Harlem district of Manhattan. He does so by buying heroin directly from the source in South East Asia and he comes up with a unique way of importing the drugs into the United States. Partly based on a true story. An ex-model teams up with a soldier to thwart aliens who are propelling global warming to make Earth habitable for their species In the southern province of Chumporn in 1939, Khun Pan is a police detective who defeats a gang of bandits despite having just one bullet in his pistol. Khun Pun is renowned for his sorcery and spells, which give him a supernatural protective power. After defeating the Pa Daeng gang, Khun Pan volunteers to take on the most dangerous mission: to hunt the ferocious Alhawee Yalu, the dark lord of the southernmost provinces who's also skilled in black magic and who spreads terror across the Budo Mountain. Alhawee Yalu is feared for his invulnerability - no bullets can hurt him - while his dagger is the most ruthless weapon. A titan of industry is sent to prison after she's caught for insider trading. When she emerges ready to rebrand herself as America's latest sweetheart, not everyone she screwed over is so quick to forgive and forget. Framed in the 1940s for the double murder of his wife and her lover, upstanding banker Andy Dufresne begins a new life at the Shawshank prison, where he puts his accounting skills to work for an amoral warden. During his long stretch in prison, Dufresne comes to be admired by the other inmates -- including an older prisoner named Red -- for his integrity and unquenchable sense of hope. Set in a near-future, militarized world marked by closed borders, virtual labor and a global digital network that joins minds and experiences, three strangers risk their lives to connect with each other and break the barriers of technology. In a post-apocalyptic wasteland, an orphaned teen must battle a ruthless warlord to save the girl of his dreams. Award-winning martial arts director Stanley Tong (Rumble in the Bronx, Supercop) joins forces with director Anthony Szeto to deliver this computer animated martial arts adventure for the entire family. A fantastical version of the Chinese ancient Middle K Akira (Hayato Ichihara) admires Genyo Kamiura, the most powerful yakuza. Genyo Kamiura has been targeted numerous times, but he has never been killed. He is called the invincible person.  Because of Genyo Kamiura, Akira enters the world of the yakuza. His yakuza colleagues treat him like an idiot, and Akira can't even get tattoos because of his sensitive skin.  An assassin is sent to take out Genyo Kamiura. The killers know that Genyo Kamiura is a vampire. Thus begins the apocalypse. Second animation about Gena and Cheburashka. Rachel, a female war veteran returns home only to launch her own personal vendetta against the criminal underworld when a family member mysteriously dies. The underworld kingpin rules with an iron fist and those below her are terrified when her name is even mentioned. In order to get closer to the inner sanctum, Rachel takes on the identity of "Angel" a go-go dancer at a popular nightclub. As "Angel" learns details about the organization, she begins to exact her revenge against anyone she deems responsible for her family member's death. However, a detective is hot on Angel's trail as he investigates the death and destruction left in her wake. After one woman proclaims war against a band of drug dealers, pornographers, and criminal kingpins, will vengeance rule above all else? When an Indian chief is murdered in a hateful town, a sympathizing ex marshal tries to stop the Indians from attacking for revenge. Atoi (Zizan Raja Lawak) dreams of becoming a superhero. One day, he gets struck by lightning and he gets his wish - he can now move as fast as a speeding bullet and he has extraordinary vision. He follows superhero manager Din Abu (Afdlin Shauki) to Kuala Lumpur and makes a name for himself there. Suffering culture shock at first, he gets involved in the social scene and changes his name to Azroy. In fact, when his mother, girlfriend, and friends from his hometown come to visit, Atoi pretends as if he does not know them. Soon, they too turn their backs on Atoi. When Atoi realises his mistakes, it is a case of too little too late as he has lost his powers and the evil force, Alakazambo, has kidnapped his family. When Anamika, the girl who he is on a date with, is kidnapped, Arjun goes to the police for help and gets into a dangerous situation from where there is no escape. Prithvi, a young man, is haunted by his past and despite his mother's attempts, refuses to come out of his shell. He begins to move on after he falls in love with Samyuktha, a chirpy girl, he meets accidentally. But she is kidnapped by some bikers when out on a joyride and Prithvi is forced to confront his past.  After public school student Roddy Berwick takes the blame for a friend's transgression and is expelled, his life goes downhill. Bruce Wayne is missing. Alfred covers for him while Nightwing and Robin patrol Gotham City in his stead. And a new player, Batwoman, investigates Batman's disappearance. Set in the Sengoku Period, Torakage is retired ninja. He lives his life peacefully, but turmoil comes as he becomes involved a fight over treasures. Burma, a gangster and politician, is after Vijay, who, he thinks, has swindled him of a huge amount of money. But Vijay claims that the money was stolen from him. Is he lying? If not, who has stolen the money and why? The story thinly revolves around power shortage aptly freshened up by ample doses of action, comedy and love. Viraat Prasad (Darshan) is a businessman who wants to provide a solution to the existing power problem and in consultation with the chief minister, a role played by Suhasini, he plans to build a thermal power project. Enter Surendra Singh (Ravi Shankar), an opportunist, who tries to distract the chief minister and take over the project. But the project is handed over to Viraat which does not go down well with Singh. Balancing the friction and the action is romance involving three ladies - Keerthi (Chaitra Chandranath), Spoorthi (Vidisha Srivastava) and Preethi (Isha Chawla), who are head over heels for Viraat, but the latter chooses one among them, managing to maintain his friendship with the other two. How does he handle Singh and the thermal project and who does he select as his love runs in parallel and forms the crux of the film. A resentful entity continued to reincarnate back to the Saha World in search for his lost love while fighting on a losing battle against the secret guardians of the underworld. "Killing Love" is a short film about a couple in love. He is a jealous man with a short fuse, while she is beautiful, and a little crazy. Together, they're like a modern day Bonnie and Clyde, a dangerous combination. They are bound to repeat their mistakes again, unless one of them wakes up from this crazy killing love they're in... A rescue attempt of a German traitor during World War I has unexpected consequences and sets off an adventure across the Arabian desert. Ang Bagong Dugo is an action-packed crime drama Pinoy film that tells a story of a young man named Anong who yearns to seek revenge on the unjustly murder case of his father. In his search, blood will shed and truth shall be revealed. Delves into the shooting death of Mark Duggan, a young black British man, by London Metropolitan Police in 2011. The story takes place in a primeval forest in southwest China, the forest near the village each time they suddenly encountered the beast attacked, there will be a wild man in distress rescued villagers, local villagers called mountain charm.  A group of uninvited guests broke the silence of the forest: a suffering Tong reporters with his autistic son Tong of the forest came to encounter the mountain charm; animal protection station claiming poaching gangs at this time find this savage, Wu owners and others in pursuit of mountain charm.  Mountain charm in the way of escape injury, Charm Tong of looking to the mountain after mountain charm slowly and become good friends. Tong of twice sneaked into the nest poaching gangs and fight poaching. Master Wu killed little monkey, Charm Tong of the mountain in order to revenge, set up numerous institutions in the forest, protected forest, the gang of poachers gang to justice. Compilation film of "Space Battleship Yamato 2199" TV series.  The year is 2199. The human race has been crushed in their war with the Gamilos, driven into underground cities by the invader's assault. Scientists estimate they have only a year left. The young officers Susumu Kodai and Daisuke Shima receive a mysterious capsule from a ship that made an emergency landing on Mars and return with it to Earth. It contains humanity's last hope: the planet Iscandar on the other side of the Magellan Galaxy has the technology to defeat the Gamilos and restore the planet. The space battleship Yamato is entrusted with this task, but they have only one year before humanity ends. When You Are Called To Act, What Will You Do? In 2013, comic book sales reached its highest level in a generation... private citizens worldwide donned costumes as part of a growing real - life super hero movement... and superhero-base movies remained Hollywood's biggest box office draw. What is driving this rising superhero craze in our mainstream culture? The Wright Brothers want an answer. Follow them on an odyssey that begins at Comic-Con, then ends in a search to discover if there are genuine heroes among us. This riveting docudrama dramatizes the pulse-pounding stories of remarkable individuals the Wrights cross paths with in their quest. They represent 4 generations, who play diverse roles - athlete, philanthropist, social activist and soldier - engaging their lives by taking action. INTER SCI climatologist Dr. David Kotzman has evidence that a shift in the Earth's polarity triggered the last Ice Age...in a single day. Now, it's happening again, and there's no time to escape. As the temperature plummets, Miami is blasted with snow and ice. Evacuation routes are jammed. The only chance David, his old flame Bryn, and a few other hopeful survivors have is to hole themselves up in a special chamber at INTER SCI. A desperate race for survival is ignited as nature's fury rages and the temperature plunges toward -459.67deg F...ABSOLUTE ZERO! Raftaar Singh is always looking to have fun and runs away from responsibility. Fed up, his father orders Raftaar to go to Goa and work, and learn to take on responsibility. Once in Goa, he impresses his new boss with his enthusiasm and creative thinking. Soon he gets an assignment, and meets Sara Amy Jackson - and thus begins their unique love story. What ensues is a great comedy of errors, as one hilarious situation after another unfolds. Raftaar falls head over heels for this exotic, mysterious girl. The romance takes a deadly turn when he realizes that Sara is not who he thinks she is and has an agenda, which takes him to Romania. Will Raftaar be able to win her over in a distant and dangerous land? Gon, a Korean hitman bred in the United States where he works for a Chinese triad, usually flawless in taking out his targets, makes a terrible mistake in fulfilling a mission. Swamped by feelings of regret, Gon no longer wants to be a hitman, but, in order to tie up loose ends, his boss forces him to do another job in Korea. Capturing John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Ringo Starr in their electrifying element, 'A Hard Day's Night' is a wildly irreverent journey through this pastiche of a day in the life of The Beatles during 1964. The band have to use all their guile and wit to avoid the pursuing fans and press to reach their scheduled television performance, in spite of Paul's troublemaking grandfather and Ringo's arrest. A "gangster noir" set in the 1970s, when Gangnam, Seoul goes under development. Political powers and darker organizations collide as they seek to grab control of the influential and exclusive area. When a world renowned Chinese sommelier residing in France is contacted by his childhood buddy in China to help him auction for a bottle of 1855 vintage wine on behalf of the Chinese government, he agrees without question. Little does he realize he is about to be sucked into an age-old feud between rivaling vineyards and a historical mystery that might shatter the whole oenological industry. A cerebral revenge film about two adopted siblings who fall in love, and hatch a plan to kill their abusive father. A killer is stalking the actors of Quadruple X films and trying to get a cut of his favorite porn stars. Inspired by true events, "The 86" highlights the activities of a band of 86 street thugs that were famous for their strong presence in the venezuelan capital city during the 1980's. In the middle of a routine patrol, officer Daniel Carter happens upon a blood-soaked figure limping down a deserted stretch of road. He rushes the young man to a nearby rural hospital staffed by a skeleton crew, only to discover that patients and personnel are transforming into something inhuman. As the horror intensifies, Carter leads the other survivors on a hellish voyage into the subterranean depths of the hospital in a desperate bid to end the nightmare before it's too late. Two teenage boys unwittingly summon an ancient evil entity known as The Blind One by delving into black magic while trying to escape their mundane lives. A long forgotten ancient spacecraft discovered on Earth. Investigations carried out by Scout transport her to the moon whereupon she meets the impressive machines preserving the wisdom of that long lost civilization. Two corrupt cops in New Mexico set out to blackmail and frame every criminal unfortunate enough to cross their path. Things take a sinister turn, however, when they try to intimidate someone who is more dangerous than they are. Or is he? The complete racing history. Three friends head to the seafront for a drunken weekend, only to be imprisoned on the top floor of their holiday apartment by a malevolent paranormal force. Franklin and his family flee from New York City to the countryside to defect from the evil Woodlawn Crime Family and its leader Don Gatti. From DC Comics comes the Suicide Squad, an antihero team of incarcerated supervillains who act as deniable assets for the United States government, undertaking high-risk black ops missions in exchange for commuted prison sentences. A police officer seeks revenge for his mothers death. The film tells the female agent Ameera after a failed mission, private life crisis, conspiracy, and attempt to create organizational struggle Resident Evil dark story found during the processing of personal crisis. Deep in the Bible Belt, Navy Seals go undercover to save a town from the Demons from Hell who are stealing souls. Vampire death dealer Selene fends off brutal attacks from both the Lycan clan and the Vampire faction that betrayed her. With her only allies, David and his father Thomas, she must stop the eternal war between Lycans and Vampires, even if it means she has to make the ultimate sacrifice. Saban's Power Rangers follows five ordinary teens who must become something extraordinary when they learn that their small town of Angel Grove -- and the world -- is on the verge of being obliterated by an alien threat. Chosen by destiny, our heroes quickly discover they are the only ones who can save the planet. But to do so, they will have to overcome their real-life issues and before it's too late, band together as the Power Rangers. It tells the story of Beto, a well-respected man in his community, who married a former prostitute named Suzana. After their wedding, wanting to forget Suzana's past, they move to a small town in the country to rebuild their lives. Soon enough, however a number of events happen that bring Suzana's past to the surface to torment them, revealing many scars and wounds to be healed which drives Suzana back to the underworld of prostitution. Beto is required to seek to regain an injured person that is socially marked as unworthy of love. Two years after the events of the Fourth Great Ninja War, the moon that Hagoromo Otsutsuki created long ago to seal away the Gedo Statue begins to descend towards the world, threatening to become a meteor that would destroy everything on impact. Amidst this crisis, a direct descendant of Kaguya Otsutsuki named Toneri Otsutsuki attempts to kidnap Hinata Hyuga but ends up abducting her younger sister Hanabi. Naruto and his allies now mount a rescue mission before finding themselves embroiled in a final battle to decide the fate of everything. A romantic comedy with action and suspense. Two sophisticated jewel thieves join forces to steal $30 million in uncut jewels. Despite a continuous exchange of quips they eventually become romantically involved. Ajith is a 2014 Kannada film directed by Mahesh Babu starring Chiranjeevi Sarja and Nikki Galrani. The movie follows the journey of two strangers, a jobless carefree man and a woman with whom he has fallen in love, who embark on a road trip filled with action and excitement. Zorawar is a Punjabi action film featuring Yo Yo Honey Singh in the titular character, alongside actresses Gurbani Judge and Parul Gulati. Filmed mostly in Durban, it is directed by Vinnil Markan A struggling actress must play the role of a detective in order to save an adorable Maltese puppy from a murderous group of Goth Thugs, a Devilish Dominatrix, and a handsome, lying doctor. An American businessman with a stake in a pharmaceutical company that's about to go public finds his life is thrown into turmoil by an incident in Mexico. A cool and dangerous neo-noir crime film that revolves around the disturbed lives of two unlikely partners: Mickey Rady, a rogue undercover cop and Kook Packard, a smooth and charismatic con man. Together they rip off those operating outside of the law...for their own personal gain. But things go awry when one heist suck them deep into a city-wide conspiracy... The story of humankind's last stand against a cataclysmic alien invasion. Set in the war-ravaged African countryside, a U.S. soldier and a French foreign aid worker team up to survive the alien onslaught. Their bond will be tested as they search for refuge across a crumbling world. When an American cop witnesses his mentor's murder in a trade deal gone wrong, he finds himself on the wrong side of the law in Thailand. But despite the bounty on his head and pressure to leave the country, he teams up with an ex-military mercenary out to settle a score of his own to bring the killers to justice. Their quest for vengeance brings them face-to-face with a band of notorious A crew of men who do the high-wire work of fixing the electrical grid are hit by a sudden deadly storm. As a dinosaur apocalypse begins in a small town, a Paleontologist and a Nazi descendant join forces with a War Veteran to find his daughter. Johnny and Peter, former paramilitary operatives, search Bangkok - leaving carnage in their wake - to find the men who killed Johnny's daughter, Angel. A group of journalists are traveling through the different places and different times trying to solve historical mystery. Your backstage pass for when the cameras stop rolling! Monday Night Raw has delivered pulse-pounding excitement to TV viewers for over 20 years. But what happens when the telecast ends? For the first time ever, see what happens after the screen fades to black! Watch WWE's most colorful personalities cut loose for the live audience! From Stone Cold Steve Austin beer bashes, hilarious improv, red-hot matches and heartwarming tributes, it's all here! The Internet has evolved into its own physical space. A group of Cyberpunchers (people who make a living breaking into the restricted parts of the Internet) are hired to go on a rescue mission into the core of Cyberspace--Terminal X. EYES OF THE ROSHI is a film about choices. Saigon, 1973. A boy discovers a dead body on the side of the road. The decision he makes will haunt him until the end of his days... The boy is grown, and now a fully realized Grandmaster far from his home. Adam Nguyen is a stranger in a strange land. A vengeful billionaire has unleashed a killer, and the fugitive grandmaster must overcome his reluctance, summon his inner warrior, and battle to protect his adopted home, and the ones he loves. Five girls from the city go on a rural getaway surrounded by lush jungles and beautiful beaches. But there's trouble in paradise when an excursion into the forest leads the five girls into a dangerous encounter with local criminals, who are endangering the surrounding ancient cultural relics. However, these aren't docile city girls who cower to danger; these vicious vixens decide to take action. Ng Kau Sau was once Queen in badminton, she gave up herself after being expelled from the sport. One day she met a brunch of terrible weirdoes: the Drunken Master who was lying on the ground, one-armed Lam Chiu, visually-impaired Ma Kun, and the scar-faced boss Lau Dan who suffered from loss of hearing. They were the most notorious robbers 10 years ago, but they decided to be good men after they got out from jail and formed the "Lau Dan Badminton Club". Sau was impressed by them and decided to join Dan and practice seriously and go to the competition together. Explore the mysterious and dangerous home of the king of the apes as a team of explorers ventures deep inside the treacherous, primordial island. Four friends and a pastor set out on a cross country trip to Las Vegas to win souls for Jesus. But when they arrive, they become tempted to sin. On the run from an assassin, international rock star Bene hides out in Los Angeles and prepares for a showdown with death. Film directed by Mahesh Upputuri. Two gang members send a threatening letter to a butcher, demanding money if he did not want his shop to be destroyed and his daughter Maria kidnapped. When he is unable to meet their request, they take Maria away. The Black Hand is the earliest surviving gangster film. Peshwa Bajirao married to Kashibai, falls in love with Mastani, a warrior princess in distress. They struggle to make their love triumph amid opposition from his conservative family. A group of native Liberian missionaries make a desperate cross-country trip through their war torn country to save one of their own. Conan tries to track down Kaito Kid, who supposedly steals a replica of one of Van Gogh's Sunflowers paintings during an auction. Shankara is coming on a road on the way he asks one address with a girl and accordingly he reaches a Haveli. There Rani Maa introduces him to everyone and tells her decision to marry her daughter with Shankra. On hearing this Diwanji and Munshiji become perturbed. One dacoit Kaher Singh and makes a plan against Shankra in the Haveli Munshi's nephew Popatlal also thinks to marry Seema. When Seema getting married to Shankra and even three Phera had been completed Kahar Singh with his men and starts firing. Seema and Shankra are injured. In the winter of 2117, a runaway vehicle crashes into the Public Safety Bureau Building. The driver is identified as Izumi Yasaka, a psychological counselor at the Sanctuary, a Latent Criminal Isolation Facility in Aomori Prefecture. But right before her interrogation, Enforcer Mika Shimotsuki and Inspector Nobuchika Ginoza are tasked with promptly escorting Yasaka back to Aomori. What awaits them there is a False Paradise.  Meera and Arjun are professionals living in Gurgaon. On their way to a luxurious desert holiday they stop on a Highway dhaba for dinner, where they witness a young girl being picked up by a bunch of hoodlums. Arjun chooses to step in, unmindful of the danger ahead. In a world with only one rule, the crime boss of Queens, Alphonse Trapani, discovers that there is a snitch in his house that has been helping dirty cops to put the heat on his family, and all the crime families in New York. A Thriller/Romance/Comedy - A mysterious man is sent to protect a woman against her sister's attempts to have her killed. In the process, the man and woman fall in love. In a world in which Great Britain has become a fascist state, a masked vigilante known only as "V" conducts guerrilla warfare against the oppressive British government. When V rescues a young woman from the secret police, he finds in her an ally with whom he can continue his fight to free the people of Britain. A family of bloodthirsty monsters descends on the city to take revenge on the man that caused the death of so many of their own. A rogue band of resistance fighters unite for a mission to steal the Death Star plans and bring a new hope to the galaxy. Pran Boon, or Hunter Boon, saves a child's life by killing a young Sming that attacked him. Little did he know that the young Sming was not the only one in the area. After having witnessed Pran Boon killing her son, mother Sming sets out to Pran Boon's village, seeking revenge that leaves Pran Boon's wife dead and his daughter injured. Knowing he and his daughter would never be safe again until the Sming is dead, Pran Boon begins his hunt for the most dangerous hunter in the jungle with the support of Pran Hlong, an immigrated Chinese hunter who seems unlikely to be an ordinary hunter. Immediately after the events of The Desolation of Smaug, Bilbo and the dwarves try to defend Erebor's mountain of treasure from others who claim it: the men of the ruined Laketown and the elves of Mirkwood. Meanwhile an army of Orcs led by Azog the Defiler is marching on Erebor, fueled by the rise of the dark lord Sauron. Dwarves, elves and men must unite, and the hope for Middle-Earth falls into Bilbo's hands. A woman whose car breaks down in the desert finds her way to an abandoned town, where she is menaced by a gang of psycho bikers. Two brothers try to break free of the gang life, only to be attacked in retaliation for their decision. The younger brother is seriously burned and dying in a hospital, which drives his older brother to take vicious revenge. A fighter with a heart of gold finds himself drawn into an Internet-streaming underground martial arts tournament. In wartime England, circa 1941, poorly-armed tugs are sent into "U-Boat Alley" to rescue damaged Allied ships. An American named David Ross arrives to captain one of these tugs. He's given a key by a fellow tugboat-man -- a key to an apartment and its pretty female resident. Should something happen to the friend, Ross can use the key. The story of Santo Bastucci, a local banker with a rare gift for memorizing numbers; he is unwittingly cast into the forefront of an aging wiseguy's bid for power, Manny "The Hand" Mistera. Santo is caught between the loyalty he has for his cagey father-in-law, Benny, his childhood friend, Basta, and his streetwise uncle, Matteo, the pastor of their Brooklyn church. the story of a young Malaysian man who was raised by group of military army and is haunted by his dark past  Four fearless adventurers mount their vintage motorcycles and set off on a challenging ride through America's most beautiful landscapes A behind the scenes look into the lives, injuries and sacrifices of professional wrestlers. Action - 'Testudon', one of the most famous foolish film festivals, made a foolish anthology film about 'Japan' with 26 directors. Naturally, the directors are also foolish enough, so that you might wonder if it is really about Japan or get headache at the screening.At least, some of the 26 various works will please you. It is inevitable that the theater room will be full of laughter, hand claps, roars or booings like 'Pay back the money!'. But we won't reimburse you! -  Keisaku Kimura, Ryuki Kitaoka, Britani Sugawara After retiring from being a hit man due to a physical disability, a man returns for one final job to take care of his struggling family. Robert McCall, who serves an unflinching justice for the exploited and oppressed, embarks on a relentless, globe-trotting quest for vengeance when a long-time girl friend is murdered. The hunters are still on Morgan Locke's trail. As the latest closes in on him he finds an unlikely ally: one of Locke's victims, out for vengeance on the powerful vampire. Three hunters, with three objectives, in the final showdown. After thirty years of marriage, a middle-aged couple attends an intense, week-long counseling session to work on their relationship. In the tradition of Grindhouse, Kill Bill and Sin City, award-winning comic book writer Ed Brubaker (Incognito, The Death of Captain America, Daredevil) teams up with stuntwoman-turned-cult star Zoe Bell (Death Proof, TV's "Lost") to deliver a stark, stylish pulp thriller about a very bad girl gone "good." Shivaay , a fearless Himalayan mountaineer covered in Lord Shiva tattoos, heads to Bulgaria to fulfill his nine-year-old daughter Gaura's  wish of seeing her mother Olga, who abandoned them years ago. But their plan goes for a toss when the little girl gets kidnapped in the foreign land. Rescuing her from the masked child-traffickers becomes his only reason for survival. Animation that illustrates five of Augusto Monterroso's fables. A recently dumped and unemployed man in his 30s decides to moonlight as the 'son' of his childhood hero, a bygone local celebrity Horror Host named Ghostman. When his videos go viral, he must settle an old score with a high school rival and figure out where his life is headed, all while keeping his identity secret from a new woman in town he's fallen for. After a virus of epic proportions overwhelms the planet--with more infected than uninfected--humanity is losing its grip on survival and its only hope is finding a cure and keeping the infected contained. Lauren, a doctor, arrives in Los Angeles with her crack team to lead the hunt for uncontaminated civilian survivors, but nothing can prepare them for the blood-soaked mayhem they witness as they head into the Californian streets where everything is considered a trap. Enzo Ceccotti comes into contact with a radioactive substance, then accidently discovers he has superpowers. A touchy, navel-gazing introvert, he's sure his new capabilities will do wonders for his life of crime, but that all changes when he meets Alessia, who's convinced he's the hero from the famous Japanese comic strip, Steel Jeeg Robot. Hideo Suzuki is a 35-year-old mangaka assistant, whose life seem to be stuck around his exhausting but low-paying job, unfulfilled dreams, strange hallucinations and unsatisfying relationships. He sees himself as a supporting character in his own life, has low self-esteem, resulting in frustration. One day, the world as Hideo knows it is shattered by the presence of a disease that turns people into homicidal maniacs, whose first instinct is to attack and devour the nearest human.  NYPD cop Ruda is a cop during the day and a religious Santerio (High Ranking Priest) of "Black Magic" by night. A curse is placed on the NYPD by the mother of a boy shot by cops. Now the NYPD needs Ruda to help break the curse. Through a series of daring escapades deep within a dark and dangerous criminal underworld, Han Solo meets his mighty future copilot Chewbacca and encounters the notorious gambler Lando Calrissian. The story of three employees of a security depot who plan and execute a multi-million pound cash heist. A rag tag unit of misfits known as the War Pigs must go behind enemy lines to exterminate Nazis by any means necessary. It is the story of a young man Steve Wilson who wants to put his troubled past behind him. His passion is music and he gets a chance to hit the big time. An old friend Jack Spider recently escaped from prison, driven by greed, drags our hero back to a life he thought he had left behind. The record deal is waiting. A life saving chance for him and his daughter. Will he get there to sign up or will his worst nightmare come back to haunt him. Young monster kids try to make peace between the world of humans and the world of the monsters. Six people are thrown together during an elaborate bank heist where any move can alter the outcome. Is it coincidence, or are they merely pawns in a much bigger game. Military veteran and former mercenary, FRENCHY works as a taxi driver, and hiding in Bangkok, picks up a beautiful female passenger who will change his life forever. When he embarks on a journey to save her he has the fight of his life. Pedro Ruiz is a Dominican real estate broker by day and a savvy but out-of-luck thief by night. Desperate to look for respect climbing the money ladder the easy way, he gets in the wrong mansion at the wrong time. Vincent and Isabella experience instant attraction when they meet, but their life falls in danger when he accepts a job from the mafia to transport a sum of money. Fundamentalist sect member BeckyLyn is accused of killing her husband. Queenie, another wife in the polygamist sect, doesn't believe BeckyLyn is capable of such violence and desperate to prove her innocence reaches out to her excommunicated son Jordan for help in freeing his mother. Ling (Lo Lieh) and Guan are the Black and White Chiefs of the Eagle Escort security firm: during the opening credit sequence, we see them recover a stolen shipment of gold; by the time the credits have run, the two are literally knee-deep in bodies. Jacob Bradley wakes up in a warehouse in the midst of a tactical raid, with no memory and no idea who he is. He is found by a young woman who helps him escape, and tells him that no matter what happens, he must survive. A terrorist organization is on the cusp of releasing a virus. They have provided the antidote to only a select few, to ensure the recreation of a utopian world and before he lost his memory, Jacob was one of the few people who had discovered the details. If they are to survive, he needs to rebuild the pieces of his past. They find themselves in a race for survival, for themselves and the rest of mankind, that will demand everything they have, and reveal that Jacob has always been closer to the truth then anyone ever thought. When 18-year-old Sam begins a no-strings-attached summer fling with uninhibited older woman Mary, it seems like the perfect relationship. But after Mary begins using him to make her uptight police officer husband John jealous, he becomes an unwilling pawn in a dangerous emotional game. Can Sam avoid John's wrath, or will he pay the ultimate price for giving in to his carnal desires? The "Academy Island Incident" in which four "kings" cross paths... Since then, Silver Clansmen Kuroh Yatogami and Neko have been searching for their master, Shiro. Without finding any clues to Shiro's whereabouts, the two became disheartened. However, one day, they see HOMRA members Rikio Kamamoto and Anna Kushina being chased by someone. After his photojournalist brother gets killed by a white tigress in the jungles of the Sundarbans, Pandit and his team of commandos enter the prohibited core area of the forest to avenge his death. A high target criminal nick named the Mouse is captured after a 15 year search. He is sentenced to Execution by lethal injection and is set to transfer to Anoka State Penitentiary.He escapes and chaos ensues. A private eye investigates the apparent suicide of a fading porn star in 1970s Los Angeles and uncovers a conspiracy. Four kids on their annual summer camp holiday suspect the park's mascot has been murdered so they set out to investigate who killed Nelson Nutmeg? An incident brings together three reckless and struggling souls who are chasing their ambitions and desires. Kathiresan aka Kaththi, a criminal, escapes from the Kolkata prison and comes to Chennai, where he comes across his doppelganger Jeevanandham, fighting for his life after being shot at by unknown men. Kathir decides to pass off as Jeeva and make away with a lump sum amount but once he realizes who Jeeva really is, Kathir turns a crusader. Former cop-turned-bar owner Kwok and his underachieving half-brother befriends a drunken woman, they soon find themselves targeted by both her former lover, a high-powered attorney, and the gangster he employs. A suitcase full of tainted cash enters the picture as Kwok finds himself torn between the gangsters and his former colleagues. When his helicopter goes down during his fourth tour of duty in Afghanistan, Marine Sam Cahill is presumed dead. Back home, brother Tommy  steps in to look over Sam's wife, Grace, and two children. Sam's surprise homecoming triggers domestic mayhem. Balaraju, the head of his village, lives with his wife Baby along with his two sons Chandrasekhar Rao and Bangari and two daughters. He helps Chandrasekhar become a doctor and builds a local hospital. On the day it opens, Chandrasekhar comes back home with his lover Kausalya, also a doctor. Both express their wish to marry and settle abroad, which upsets Balaraju, leading to their separation.  25 years later, Chandrasekhar, a successful doctor in London, tells the story to his son Abhiram and daughter Indu. Abhiram decides to go home to Balaraju and attempt a reconciliation. He meets his friend, Bunny, at the airport and goes to the village on Bunny's bike the next day. By 1314, through effort and intrigue, Scottish King Robert Bruce had captured every major English-held castle except Stirling. Now English King Edward II would try to stop him - and subdue the Scottish rebellion forever.  This is the story of the pivotal campaign culminating at the decisive Battle of Bannockburn, in the shadow of Stirling Castle.  Today as Scotland contemplates a countdown to a referendum for renewed Scottish independence, we search the hearts and minds of the characters whose efforts at the Battle of Bannockburn would build a nation.  Filmed in the style of 300 and Sin City and with intense and bloody battle scenes, we bring to life one of the most iconic times in Scottish history. Ramesh (Githan ramesh) son of Manivannan and Saranya. Manivannan is the leading Ad-Film maker. Karupa (Karunaas) and other friends stay in Ramesh's house as paying guests. Ramesh's parents treat them as their own. Manivannan and Saranya desperately want their son to fall in love and get married. Ramesh prefers arranged marriage.A mutual friend of Ramesh and Karunaas is getting a fixed marriage. Along with Karunaas, Ramesh goes to their friend's village to attend the marriage. On the way there he dreams he meets a beautiful girl, but also that his friend would die in an accident.... Twenty five years ago, the SS Corona Queen disappeared in the region known as, "The Bermuda Triangle". Now, it has returned. Seven people go on board to learn the truth behind her disappearance but the ship did not return alone... A film about a man's journey for redemption, as he tries to clear his name of a robbery he didn't commit. Seiji (Masanobu Ando) is a third generation "Gosei kai" gang member. He works to build up the group's strength. Meanwhile, a journalist (Tasuku Emoto) investigates a case that occurred 19 years ago. He meets Hayato (Masahiro Higashide), Daisuke (Kenta Kiritani) and Asami (Anna Tsuchiya). JAM (Christian Clavier), a French "master of the universe" is on the brink of a major takeover when he starts suffering from anxiety attacks. His doctor (Lhermite) thinks it is to do with childhood experiences and suggests he searches back in his mind to something that could be the trigger and will prove to be the antidote. Boba Fett has escaped the Sarlacc Pit, only to find himself fighting alongside a Rebellion that wishes to establish a New Republic. Raised in a strict household, Yasmin finds the missing passion in her life when she begins to secretly take professional wrestling lessons. But when her secret is threatened to be revealed, Yasmin will have to clothesline, pile-drive and slam her way through to keep her dream going and realize what she's really meant to do in life! Abbas Ali (Abhishek Bachchan) lives in Chandni Chowk, New Delhi with his sister Sania (Asin Thottumkal). They are legally fighting for an ancestral property-- land case. But the odds turn against them and they lose. Their well wisher, Shastri Chacha, advises and convinces them to migrate to his village Ranakpur where he assures Abbas that he will get him a job at his owner's place. The owner being none other than the powerful Prithviraj Raghuvanshi (Ajay Devgn). Abbas enters Ranakpur village and while saving a child trapped inside a temple, he breaks open the lock of an ancestral temple but fate plays an important twist in Abbas' life as the whole village including Prithviraj's step-brother Vikrant opposes Abbas' actions but Prithviraj arrives and handles the situation. When down-on-his-luck part-time high school wrestling coach Mike agrees to become legal guardian to an elderly man, his ward's troubled grandson turns out to be a star grappler, sparking dreams of a big win -- until the boy's mother retrieves him. Based on the game, Dead Rising takes place during a large-scale zombie outbreak. When a mandatory government vaccine fails to stop the infection from spreading, the four leads must evade infection while also pursuing the root of the epidemic, with all signs pointing to a government conspiracy. In the near future, after an unspecified holocaust, survivors are herded into prison camps. There, they are hunted for sport by the leaders of the camp. Paul, one of the newest prisoners, is determined not to go down as quietly as the others. This was a sponsored documentary film by director Kazuo Kuroki of Japan. This highly artistic film focused entirely on Japanese marathon runner Kenji Kimihara. Kimihara finished eighth in the 1964 Olympic marathon with a time of 2:19:49. He had previously won the Japanese trials in 2:17:11 on April 12th of that year. He competed in a total of three Olympic marathons in all (finishing 2nd in 1968, and 5th in 1972) and he won 9 of 18 marathons prior to the Mexico City Games, including the Boston Marathon in 1966. Kimihara's personal best was 2:13:25. One peaceful day on Earth, two remnants of Frieza's army named Sorbet and Tagoma arrive searching for the Dragon Balls with the aim of reviving Frieza. They succeed, and Frieza subsequently seeks revenge on the Saiyans. A new strain of the South African "Lujo" virus has touched American soil and has made people desperate. Jason has taken in as many people as he can and there's not enough water or food to go around. So when an infected neighbor comes knocking for help and Jason turns him away, it becomes more than a struggle for survival from the virus. The 4th grade classes of Madison's Crestwood Elementary School teamed up to retell the classic Greek myth of Daedalus and Icarus, using block-print, paper-cut animation and a fresh, charming perspective on a familiar tale. When a corporate mining giant moves into a small coastal town looking for gold and talking about trickle down wealth - some folk just aren't convinced. An Indian intelligence agent journeys to a war-torn coastal island to break a resolute rebel group and meets a passionate journalist. Sandamarutham is an age old story of an honest cop and his mission against a deadly villain, the only silver lining here is that Sarath Kumar has played both the villain and hero. Sarveswaran (Sarath Kumar) is a deadly don in Kumbakonam and he runs the underworld chemical bomb business to devastate the entire country. Mean time, we are shown another Sarath Kumar (Suriya) who is an undercover cop and he gets to know the real side through his honest cop friend Thirumalai (Samuthira Kani) who was murdered by the same chemical bomb. On his mission Suriya also encounters RR (Radharavi) who is a close friend of Sarveshwaran. The rest of the story tells how Suriya knocks down Sarveswaran.  An unknown enemy is threatening to reveal CIS most protected secrets. Clank begins a search for answers. Every clue that leads closer to uncovering an evil plan will also destroy things he cares about. The right choice must be made.  In the continuation of Popoy and Basha's love story from "One More Chance," we find the couple walking down the aisle and vowing to love each other "forever and ever." "A Second Chance" explores realities and intricacies and Popoy and Basha's married life. We find Popoy as a failed achiever, struggling to keep his business and self-esteem intact, while Basha has given up so much in her life to keep their marriage together. This comedy, set in 1983 in small town Virginia, centers around a 13 year old and her family. The story of a hairstyle gone incredibly wrong and a young girl's plight to fit in while encountering bullies at a new school. A soldier who once saved the entire country is assigned to guard a genius child whose intellect is needed to foil the plans of an evil villain. Mass suicide prevention from resource depletion, overpopulation and climate change. When a kid accidentally triggers the universe's most lethal hunters' return to Earth, only a ragtag crew of ex-soldiers and a disgruntled female scientist can prevent the end of the human race. Members of the Granite Mountain Hotshots battle deadly wildfires to save an Arizona town. Four friends take off on an 1800 mile road trip to retrieve an illicit tape mistakenly mailed to a girl friend. Lupin &amp; Jigen have their sights set on a treasure called the Little Comet, which is located in the heavily fortified country of East Doroa. During the heist, Jigen is almost killed by a sniper named Yael Okuzaki. His specialty is preparing tombstones for his targets before executing them. It's said that no one can survive after Yael makes their tombstone. A fame obsessed average Joe escapes a mental institution with a band of misfits for one last desperate attempt to be famous. A whiplash thriller in the lean, mean TAKEN tradition from Howard J. Ford, Director/Co-Writer, of the past FrightFest favourites THE DEAD and THE DEAD 2: INDIA. Former FBI agent, now single mother Lisa Brennan, takes a holiday to escape an unhappy love affair and painful family memories. But in a heartbeat is not only faced with a daughter kidnapped by human traffickers, but also faces murder charges and must keep one step ahead of the foreign police. Fasten your seatbelts for spectacular twists, startling turns and breathless suspense in a jolt-a-minute journey no mother should go on! Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha The MOVIE 2nd A's is a sequel to Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha The MOVIE 1st. It is a re-telling of the Book of Darkness Incident in Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha A's, but with limited disclosure regarding the Graham family. An inside look at a West Hollywood cult formed by a charismatic teacher in the 1980s that eventually imploded. A group of theatre students, celebrating their final show, begin to slowly disappear one at a time. Chelios faces a Chinese mobster who has stolen his nearly indestructible heart and replaced it with a battery-powered ticker that requires regular jolts of electricity to keep working. Ji-wook is a cold-blooded detective who would brutally assault and stop at nothing to catch criminals. However, despite her perfectly masculine appearance, Ji-wook struggles with a secret desire to be a woman. At last, Ji-wook decides to transition. However, a gang Ji-wook brutally arrested by force plots revenge against him. While Ji-wook resigns and secretly dreams of transitioning into a woman, people close to her get caught up in a conspiracy and killed. When the one person he must protect, Jang-mi, also falls in danger, Ji-wook faces a crossroads in making his choice. Two teenage yoga enthusiasts team up with a legendary man-hunter to battle with an ancient evil presence that is threatening their major party plans. It's getting late on a Friday night and Ralph is keen to get out of the office, but the boss won't let him. No big deal, right? It's just that the full moon is rising and Ralph is a werewolf. Ben Hall is drawn back into bushranging by the reappearance of his old friend John Gilbert. Reforming the gang, they soon become the most wanted men in Australian history. Two people express the familiar feeling of being the Kreep, one through dance, and one through song. A comedy about Yossi, a charismatic Kosher butcher who loses his job, cannot find work at other Kosher butchers, and decides to pretend to be Muslim in order to get work at a Halal butchers. A troubled high school student discovers the truth behind his hidden abilities. When Max, a down on his luck strip club owner, has his life and livelihood threatened by local gangsters, he turns to his wife's connections for help and hires a hitman to solve the problem once and for all. But before long, Max is blinded by his newfound power and his family finds him spinning off the rails as the body count piles up. A young couple moves into an infamous New York apartment building to start a family. Things become frightening as Rosemary begins to suspect her unborn baby isn't safe around their strange neighbors. After an explosion at a chemical factory gives him the power of invisibility, a former officer of the law becomes a vigilante in order to take revenge on those who have wronged him. When the daughter of veteran 911 call center operator Pamela, and her estranged husband Jeremy, a Senior Police Officer, is kidnapped and held hostage, they are left desperate, with no choice but to follow the kidnapper's rules: send messages through dispatch for all police and fire units to scatter to remote locations throughout the city where they are met with chaos. Not knowing who or why, the one thing they do know is if they fail to discreetly collaborate with one another - they will be solely responsible for facilitating the biggest crime in the city's history. Now they must race against the clock to make the choice of their lives - save the city - or save their daughter. In this quest for sanctuary, love, and identity, a man and his uncle arrive in Hyderabad, where they capitalize on the uncle's resemblance to a local don. Sumitra travels to Pandharpur to find a ray of hope, after Sangram killed her husband and son and took over their business.  A mysterious creature destroys 70% of the moon. The creature then warns that if he is not destroyed by March of next year, Earth will be next. The creature also demands that he becomes the homeroom teacher for 3rd grade E class at Kunugigaoka Junior High School. The government is powerless to say no.  The creature then becomes the homeroom teacher of 3rd grade E class which consists of failed students including Nagisa Shiota (Ryosuke Yamada). The creature is called Teacher Koro.  Meanwhile, the government requests that the students try to kill Teacher Koro even though he possesses super powers. The government offers a 10 billion yen reward for whomever successfully kills him. The students are confused by the situation, but decide to kill Teacher Koro.  When their class begins with Teacher Koro, the students finds themselves having a good time with their new teacher. 4 shorts from French Directors, working in the tradition of Grand Guignol, set in Tokyo. Stories about a man repeating a bloody day running from the Yakuza; a woman's violent encounter with her mirror image; a woman and her lasergun fighting of a shadowy demon; and a man being cursed by the famous Hachi-statue to become a werewolf pining for a prostitue. Carl Rizk, an ex-covert operative who's moved to a small quiet town in Oregon to raise his son and daughter gets awakened by a phone call and message from a modulated voice telling him that both his children have been kidnapped and buried alive with just enough air to survive for the next 5 hours. In order to ever see his children alive again, RIZK has to take on three distinct groups of highly-skilled criminals and kill each and every one of them. But he has to work alone and face increasing obstacles and levels of weaponry to uncover the identity of the man behind the macabre plot. The clock is ticking and RIZK can't waste any time or make any mistakes or he will lose his family forever. The Coalition of Planets, a young alliance of worlds led by Earth, is at war with the Romulan Empire. Desperate for a chance to gain the upper hand in the war, the Coalition forms an alliance with T'mar, a Romulan deserter, in the hopes that she can provide valuable intelligence on her former masters. In Chile, where European football (i.e., soccer) is the dominant sport, Coach Carlos Zuniga offers at-risk teenage boys a unique opportunity to learn and play American-style football. He struggles through a grueling season trying to balance teaching the unfamiliar game to his players while fighting for recognition and funding from city officials who have no interest in the sport. Wolf, a young metis hunter living on the mountain. While hunting deep in the woods he discovers Crane, an older man with a mysterious past and the scars to prove it. Wolf nurses him back to health. Over time their bond gets deeper and they fall in love. When outsiders begin to show up looking for Crane, blood begins to flow. Cornered by an army of crooked cops, Wolf and Crane work together to boobie trap the mountain, taking them out one at a time until they come face-to-face with the man who pulls the strings.... Bretten Hannam's debut feature is an ambitious action/thriller with outstanding performances from Justin Rain (Defiance) and Festival favourite Glen Gould (Rhymes for Young Ghouls, Charlie Zone). A horror/comedy about Al-Harrawy family's mysterious house, which is considered by locals to be haunted by peculiar creatures, ghosts and strange phenomena. Debra Winger, Oris Erhuero and Idris Elba star in this drama framed by the Rwandan genocide. Chuck, a top international manager for FedEx, and Kelly, a Ph.D. student, are in love and heading towards marriage. Then Chuck's plane to Malaysia ditches at sea during a terrible storm. He's the only survivor, and he washes up on a tiny island with nothing but some flotsam and jetsam from the aircraft's cargo. In this crime comedy, bizarre assassins must come together to unravel the puzzle of Stegman's blackmail secret, and why he's already dead on the set of his own porn film. During the Indus valley civilization, an Indigo farmer strives for the justice and protection of the city of Mohenjo-Daro and its civilians from an evil politician. On her son's birthday, 25-year-old single mother Kathi receives day release from prison and finds her three-year-old, who is living with Kathi's unstable mother, in terrible circumstances. Kathi is forced to find a way to enable a better future for her toddler, while she is confronted with her past- and time is against her, as she has to be back in prison by 6pm. A young mute girl from Pakistan loses herself in India with no way to head back. A devoted man with a magnanimous spirit undertakes the task to get her back to her motherland and unite her with her family. The continuing story of a cop out for revenge for his mothers death. Filmmaker Gregory Alsbury's fascinating series brings you face to face with the science world's latest theories on consciousness, covering in-depth discussions with 20 scientists on topics as diverse as neurobiology, philosophy, metaphysics, dreaming and causation. All the questions you ever had about your identity, your mind, your place in the universe and more are addressed in this unique journey into the realms of interior human existence. In the late 1970's, the SETI project received a one time signal from outer space. It looked exactly as theorists thought a communication from an alien civilization would -- unfortunately it has never been decoded. Or so we were told. Unbeknownst to the general public the signal was translated and told us two things:  1) We are not alone.  2) The galaxy is a dangerous place. A spoof of all the "found-footage/documentary style" films released in recent years. Sisters from the planet Vulkaria teleport themselves to Earth to investigate and report back in order to prove to their mother, the planet's ruler, that they are worth of becoming Queen. Joe Nation wants to go viral on YouTube and reach Internet fame. But things take a turn for the worse when he mistakenly hires Bob Thunder, a cold-blooded killer, to help him. This musical celebration charts the lives and careers of some of the biggest selling acts in Irish rock, punk and pop from Van Morrison and Thin Lizzy to The Undertones and U2. From the pioneers of the showbands touring in the late 50s through to the modern day, the film examines their lineage and connections and how the hardcore, rocking sound of Belfast merged with the more melodic, folky Dublin tradition to form what we now recognise as Irish rock and pop. Desi Kattey is the story of two orphans who grow up in a remote village, making country guns to earn their livelihood. The film traces their journey, as they go on to become national level shooters.Desi Kattey is based in a small village of the Kanpur District of Uttar Pradesh, Mungera, which is famous for its geographical location i.e. at the shore of Holy river Ganga and manufacturing cum production of the country made guns, this story is about two young kids Pali and Gyani. Pali and Gyani alike other orphan kids with no support system work as a labor in one of such country made gun manufacturing factory for their survival. The premise of Pete Doherty: In 24 Hours is that a film crew follow Pete's every movement as he gears up (excuse the pun) to appear on a catwalk show and play an acoustic set. In the space of 24 hours we are given a tour of Pete's home, get to listen to members of his entourage speak about what working with Pete is like, and gain an insight in to his mind through one-on-one interviews. A Finnish superhero, a masked vigilante Rendel seeks for revenge and fights against VALA, the huge criminal organization. Shiva / Tiger is the local criminal don in his part of the town where he lives with his mother. His mother wants him to marry and settle down, and give up his criminal activities. Shiva meets with Chanda and both are attracted to each other, and soon get married. Chanda is appalled at the way Shiva leads his life, with everyone around petrified of him. She asks Shiva to give up his criminal activities, and get a job. Shiva agrees, but the question is will he keep to his promise or will he just pretend to be honest in front of Chanda. And on the other hand is Shera, a dacait with a good heart. Both Shiva and Shera are rivals. When Shera hears of Shiva attempting to go straight, he decides to move in on Shiva's territory, with results that will change their lives forever. (Taken from Wikipedia -https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Khoon_Pasina- ) A political thriller steeped in illegal oil trading, the Russian Mafia, and governmental cover-ups. God's Speed is the thrilling, emotional and sometime tragic journey of a young man's upbringing into the realm of understanding and ultimately, redemption. Two brothers, on either side of the law, face off over organized crime in Brooklyn during the 1970s. The rumor of Slit mouth woman is blasting in LA. Claire (Lauren Taylor) sees the nightmare of her every night. She met the professor of the urban legends research and talk about the phenomenon. She finds out that the incidents are not just Slit mouth woman but the other urban legends from Japan. The professor assumes that some of the homicides are relates to Japanese Urban Legends and ghosts, which are actually happened in LA. A few days later, she scared of illusion of Japanese Urban Legends and realizes that she herself is turning into the woman. Jai and Neha, eloping to Hyderabad to get married, offer lift to a stranger on the highway not realizing that he is a murderous psychopath who has escaped from a mental asylum. Anand Raj And Sarath Kumar play role of high spirited youths wanting to reform the society, both wish to be police but Anand Raj misses out. He is turned to me rowdy who doesn't care about law and institutions. Sarath Kumar becomes the good cop and does his job, but falls prey to scheming villain's and loses his job. Sarath Kumar and Anandraj reunion is death bell for villain Nambiar. The movie has adrenalin pumping action scenes and dialogues are highly political. Vishwa, an idler, gets the job of his constable father after the latter is killed during a police operation. Will Vishwa, who is glad that his father is dead, go after his dad's murderers? The archenemies of the Winx Club, the Trix witches, team up with the evil nymph Politea and find out that, to defeat the fairies once and for all and become invincible, it takes very little: a Pearl hidden in the Deep of the Infinite Ocean! As small as powerful, the Pearl of the Depth gives enormous powers to those who possess it!  For the Winx there is not a minute to waste: how will they stop the plans of their enemies before it's too late?  Get ready: the most dangerous mission of the Winx is about to begin! MLA Mani: Patham Classum Gusthiyum is a Malayalam film released in 2012. It was directed by Sreejith Paleri and had Kalabhavan Mani, Lena and Vidya in the lead roles.[1] Kalabhavan Mani has also done the music and has sung all the songs in the film. Crisanto Espina, A cop on investigation, is tasked to eliminate the suspects involved in the bank robbery/massacre that cocked the whole nation The docu-fiction GARUDA POWER is the final result of many years of research about Indonesian Action Movies - or what's still left of it. It focuses on Action Movies from the first Chinese-influenced martial arts movies of the 1930s, the James Bond copies of the swinging 1960s, the Bruce Lee-alikes and super hero comic book adaptations of the 1970s, the golden age of the 1980s up to recent worldwide success of the two RAID movies. In comic Woody Allen's film debut, he took the Japanese action film "International Secret Police: Key of Keys" and re-dubbed it, changing the plot to make it revolve around a secret egg salad recipe. After being coerced into working for a crime boss, a young getaway driver finds himself taking part in a heist doomed to fail. An employee of a Japanese automobile manufacturer travels to Busan to attend the presentation of a new car model that was developed together with Korean colleagues. When the prototype is stolen from under his nose, Japanese and Korean employees have to work together, whether they like it or not. Izzy is an energetic 9-year-old. Overscheduled and running late, Izzy's parents can't pick her up on-time the last day of school before Christmas break. A blizzard complicates the matter, but not as much as a pair of bad guys who are freezing in an ice cream truck. The school's janitor is kidnapped by the intruders, and it's up to Izzy to save the day. Follows the journey of a 90-year-old atheist and the quirky characters that inhabit his off-the-map desert town. He finds himself at the precipice of life, thrust into a journey of self-exploration. When the girl he likes goes missing, Jake enlists the help of his grandpa and his WWII buddies. The most sensational 'media crime' investigation of history has started. In RE-EVOLUTION the flashbacks and the interrogatories weave, challenging the audience to rebuild the story of four suspects accused of having freed humanity. Spark, a teenage monkey and his friends, Chunk and Vix, are on a mission to regain Planet Bana - a kingdom overtaken by the evil overlord Zhong. The world has been ravaged by vampires. A group of survivors band together to search for loved ones who may be alive, dead or something in between, eventually taking shelter in what may be the only safe hideout left to them. But well defended hideouts have a way of becoming prisons. And prisons aren't the safest place to be when your friends can turn on you at any time. While in the employ of Mr. Worthington, James, Mickey and Whitey have made several successful and uneventful pickups, but one last pickup will prove to be an adventure and the difference between life as free men and life behind bars. Joe Estevez Every social worker has a deep down desire to see justice for those who can't help themselves. David Harris is no longer watching and listening from his desk. Something inside him pushes him to do something about it. The Guardians must fight to keep their newfound family together as they unravel the mysteries of Peter Quill's true parentage. The season turns to autumn. The fight of the protagonist and his group S.E.E.S. with the strange monsters called 'Shadows' is getting closer to the end. Makoto and his allies engage in life-or-death battles with Shadows in order to end the Dark Hour. Through the battles, some must face the deaths of friends and family, some must notice what precious things must be protected, and some must find meaning in the battles that have occurred.  In front of Makoto, the mysterious transfer student Ryouji Mochizuki appears. When the group greets a new morning, the gears of fate begin to turn. A fight revolving around each of the heroes' bonds begins... The movie follows the birth of the legendary Shanghai Axe Gang and the alliance between the founder of the gang, Wang Ya Qiao (Dun Xin Jie), and Italian Intelligence Agency's undercover agent, Marcus Milani (Christian Bachini). After X-Corp, a radical weapons manufacturer, is taken over by a Cyber Virus, a group of survivors must fight to save humanity from the army of Machines the Virus now controls. Based upon obviously not true events, All Hell Breaks Loose is the story of love, leather, and violence. When the Satan's Sinners, a vicious motorcycle gang from hell, kidnaps one man's bride, they bite off more than they can chew. Now the man is out to save his wife, any way he can... even if it means dying over and over again. With the help of a shit-kicking sheriff, a perverted priest, and a cowboy who just might be God, all hell is bound to break loose. From director John Frankenheimer ('The Manchurian Candidate') comes this powerful drama of soaring ambition and shattered dreams that takes a provocative insider's look at the way our country goes to war--as seen from inside the LBJ White House leading up to and during Vietnam. The Vigilante Diaries is a high octane action-adventure film featuring 90's movie heroes, explosive action, and international espionage. The film revolves around a team of black-ops agents turned crime-fighters, led by a brooding anti-hero, known only as "The Vigilante." These jam-packed missions of rescue and revenge take us from the mega-mansions and underbelly of Los Angeles to far away places like Iraq, Armenia, Russia, and The United Kingdom to introduce us to a cast of colorful, dangerous, and hilarious characters. From Beverly Hills filmmaker Mike Hanover, to a trio of Asian femme fatales, to ruthless Armenian mobsters, and at the top, a pair of deep cover super spies hell bent on throwing the world into chaos. Chloe Trustcott's friend is sent into the future, the year 8888 and is sent to prison> Chloe must go to the future and get sent to o prison also so that she can break her friend out. A pizzeria employee who is shot during a robbery, acquires self-healing powers when he eats a genetically-altered tomato and must prevent corporate villains from stealing the formula. In August 2013 a group of 7 climbers, 5 Americans and 2 Burmese climbers, traveled to northern Myanmar to make a first ascent of Southeast Asia's disputed highest peak. All told, the climbers traveled over 270 miles on foot through some of the harshest terrain on the planet. As a country that is just recently awaking from over 50 years of military rule and relative isolation, they were offered a glimpse into a culture unaffected by the rapid pace of globalization throughout the rest of world. This film is not just a recounting of a mountaineering expedition, its a film about a country that is on the brink of rapid change, and what this might entail for the future Myanmar and its people. A group of women take on a major crime lord on the streets of Los Angeles in the lawless "Calles de Infierno" district in a bid to take over his business and rule the city. But they'll first have to deal with a revenge-seeking vigilante looking to clean up the streets. The gangs, the cops and the vigilante clash in an explosive battle of cars, guns, double and triple-crosses on the streets of LA. It's been 7 months since the outbreak, Joel and Jade now must survive the new cruel world. But it becomes more dangerous for them when they discover that they are being hunted......they must fight for their survival. A promise, a girl, and a gangster. A mega-platinum, aging rock star's supermodel wife is abducted by pirates while vacationing in Chile. A coming of age sci-fi splatter comedy with a dash of Hong Kong style action - TEDDY BOMB is the story of a beer delivery boy named Christian who stumbles upon a ticking time bomb that also happens to be a sentient stuffed animal: A talking teddy bear that can melt your face off. He can't get rid of it, he can't go to the police, and there's no way in hell he can turn it off. To add insult to injury, the bomb's original owners want their property back and they'll decapitate, gut and eviscerate everyone that gets in their way. Whether Christian diffuses the bear or not - it's guaranteed that things will end in one big bloody bang. The tribes of Israel need to defeat the superior might of the Philistines: "Now appoint a king to lead us, such as all the other nations have." (I Samuel, 8:5). And so the prophet Samuel gives the Hebrews their first king, Saul.  Saul, however, has incessant doubts about his mission. The influential prophet Samuel turns away from Saul in order to select a new king according to God's will: David. He is still a young boy, tending sheep in the fields, when, secretly Samuel oints him as the next king of the Israelites. Life for the residents of a tower block begins to run out of control.   Arvind who came to the city from a rural area, is a naive employee in a company. He cannot tolerate corruption, bribery, breaking rules, lavishness and the urban culture of youth in cities. He is caught by traffic police for a minor mistake though not of his own. Although he has all documents with him, he is asked a bribe by traffic policeman. When he refuses to pay the bribe, a complaint is booked against him and he is sentenced by the court, even though he complains about the bribe. Finally he does a sting operation with 2 of his friends and 10 honest employees in various government offices by applying for identy cards like PAN card, voter card, ration card for an anonymous person. US return student Karthik pledges to marry his uncle Dhanunjay's daughter Indu, which was his mother's wish. A small family feud ends with both the families getting separated. He joins Indu's college to convince her to marry him, but mistakenly assumes Bhagyam as Dhanunjay's daughter. Later, Karthik realizes that Indu is his cousin but she is already in love with another guy. He gets entangled in a risky situation when he tries to help a stranger. The rest of the story is all about how he controls the damage and fulfills the wish of his mother. Madhavan Mahadevan, who comes into the city from a village to see off his sister-in-law and her daughter after the death of his elder brother, an upright Customs Officer (KB Ganesh Kumar).  While running around to claim the insurance money, he comes to know that his brother was actually murdered by the underworld don Irumbanakkal John (Joy Mathew). The movie is about the great historical figure Vasil Levski. It follows three different plot lines: the relationship with his mother, Gina, the relationship with his loved one, Ana, and the plans for freeing Bulgaria from the Ottoman Empire. The movie starts in 1846 and follows Vasil Levski's whole life until his hanging in 1873. When bike courier Chris witnesses what looks like a murder, his first instinct is to cut and run. But when his curiosity draws him back in, he's soon embroiled in a world of corruption, political power, and illegal bike racing. In a country called "Diamond Domain" lies the powerful Heart Diamond, which has served as the kingdom's source of energy and maintained the Ore Country for centuries. Many Carbink live in Diamond Domain, including their princess - the Jewel Pokemon, Diancie, who created the Heart Diamond. Diancie no longer has the power to control the Heart Diamond and her country is falling into chaos as a result.  One day, Diancie meets with Ash and his friends and asks them to go on a journey to find the Life Pokemon, Xerneas, in order to restore the Heart Diamond. Standing in their way is the Pokemon of Destruction, Yveltal, who once stole all of the life in the Kalos Region. During their journey they are attacked by Team Rocket, as well as the jewel thieves Marilyn Flame and Ninja Riot. They are aided by Millis Steel and her father Argus, travelers who also encounter the Cocoon of Destruction. The Story of longtime UFC Featherweight champion and the struggles facing him on the road to the top. World renowned journalist Sara Ogden is traversing the world in pursuit of carriers of a fatally dangerous "Stamp of Cain" in order to prevent seemingly unrelated events such as mass murders, turmoil, revolutions and chaos. She doesn't even suspect how close she is to the edge of the abyss, when in her search she ends up in Belarus to meet face to face with the one, whom she has been searching for her entire life. It is an action-adventure-romance laced superhero vigilante film that transcends both folklore and present day. It is based on the legend of a man who took upon himself to protect the common man against oppression and injustice. An amnesiac man is found running blood stained and half naked through the Brecon Beacons. Hunted by the police and military, is he a homicidal terrorist or innocent pawn? The reputation of the Four constables survives, but since Emotionless's departure, there have been changes at the Divine Constabulary. The four Coldblood, Iron Hands, Life Snatcher, rescue Zhuge Zhengwo from An Yunshan's mountain fortress, then with the Emperor and Di armies, they attack. But An Yunshan absorbs their power, which means the constables and their allies now face their most lethal opponent yet, a nearly invincible kung fu master who won't stop until he has absolute power... Film from Gao Feng TK is a handsome and charming womanizer who runs at the first mention of commitment. His life changes when he meets Skiets, the one woman immune to his charms. As the Battle of the Bulge rages on, an American tank unit gets trapped behind Nazi lines. With just hours before the bombs of Operation Ardennes Fury fall, the tank's commander makes the risky decision to rescue an orphanage. Irish Commandant Pat Quinlan leads a stand off with troops against French and Belgian Mercenaries in the Congo during in the early 1960s. When a group of elite online gamers each receive a mysterious invitation to trial a state-of-the-art virtual reality video game, it's a dream come true and impossible to resist. Arriving at the test site, the group step into hi-tech gear and prepare for a revolutionary, next-level gaming experience that brings modern warfare to life with frightening realism. At first it's a unique and exhilarating experience. But what starts out like a dream encounter with cutting edge technology quickly takes a turn for the sinister. Once the group are attacked by enemy combatants, they soon realize this is no game after all. Make a mistake here and you pay with your life. Now these masters of the shoot 'em up will have to fight for survival within a game gone bad, but this time it's for real. Based on true events, the movie follows the story of three low class gangsters from a small Chinese province as they travel to Shanghai to offer an unique deal to the city most powerfull mob boss Raoul Kai (Christian Kang Bachini), steal a huge amount of gold for which they have exclusive and proved intel. The deal seems too good to be true and soon Raoul finds out that the three gangsters have been sent by his long time rival uncle Tong (Shui Re) in order to destabilize his organization from the inside and finally kill him. With no one left to trust Raoul must count on his own survival and strategical skills in order to save his life and protect his empire. Based on a true story, over 76 hours of a successful military operation conducted in the Piochar region of Swat district, Yalghaar goes up close to follow the lives of the young, passionate officers and soldiers whose patriotism is throbbing with every heartbeat for their country (Pakistan). A respectful nod to classic kids-in-peril adventure films that finds a group of reluctant kids stranded overnight in an abandoned jail. Their chaperon is missing, their cellphone service is non existent, and their patience with each other is running thin. Oh, and a big, hairy creature is trying to eat them. Hey... it's tough being a kid in a monster movie. Chellapa wants his son Murali to become a police officer like him but Murali's dream is a 'safe' bank job. However, a slew of thefts in ATMs affects them personally and changes the course of Murali's life. Saban's Power Rangers follows five ordinary teens who must become something extraordinary when they learn that their small town of Angel Grove -- and the world -- is on the verge of being obliterated by an alien threat. Chosen by destiny, our heroes quickly discover they are the only ones who can save the planet. But to do so, they will have to overcome their real-life issues and before it's too late, band together as the Power Rangers. The film starts with Gian seeing some like spirit and it asks him to accomplish a task. The story starts when a stray dogs are searching some foods in the can. Then a dirty white dog comes out of nowhere. Just then, the dog creates a close stare to the stray dogs and forces to run away. But the dog is disappointed that he doesn't know what to do after searching the garbage, under the pouring rain. After that, Suneo starts saying about the discoverable places on Earth and him and Gian are totally disappointed about that. That then, they are asking favor to Nobita to take them to an undiscovered place to be seen by their naked eyes. Nobita refuses but tells he will try his best. He comes to upstairs to explain Doraemon what the problem is now. After supervillain Shredder escapes custody, he joins forces with mad scientist Baxter Stockman and two dimwitted henchmen, Bebop and Rocksteady, to unleash a diabolical plan to take over the world. As the Turtles prepare to take on Shredder and his new crew, they find themselves facing an even greater evil with similar intentions: the notorious Krang.  Charlie begins to woo a woman on a bench, only to have her seaman boyfriend object. After a brick fight between the two men that eventually involves two police officers, all five people end up in the local pond to cool off. Based on the real life story of an incident in 1946 during the Chinese Civil War, the film involves a communist reconnaissance team soldier Yang Zirong who disguised himself as a bandit to infiltrate a local gang of bandits, eventually helping the main communist force to destroy the bandits. Based on the novel "Tracks in the Snowy Forest" by Qu Bo. Sailor Ted meets and falls in love with Nora Paige, an aspiring Broadway show dancer, at the Lonely Hearts Club. After Ted rescues Lucy James' Pekinese during a public relations campaign on his submarine, Lucy falls in love with Ted; and Ted's captain orders him to meet Lucy for a date at a night club breaking a date with Nora. When she sees a picture of Ted and Lucy in the newspaper, Nora, who lives with Jenny and her daughter (Jenny's husband is Gunny), no longer wants anything to do with Ted. A brave Army dog returns to the U.S., where he helps his heroic handler bond with his resentful daughter on a camping trip despite danger lurking around every corner. With the aid of a fellow Auschwitz survivor and a hand-written letter, an elderly man with dementia goes in search of the person responsible for the death of his family. The story of lion trophy hunters in Africa. KING OF BEASTS offers a close-up on the world of the controversial 'sport" of lion hunting. Zizan Razak plays Abang Long Fadil, a man who constantly dreams that his life is that of a gangster. But when his best friend, Malik goes to prison, then more chaos ensues and daydreaming may not be too far off from reality. This movie is directed by Shafiq Yusof, the brother of Syamsul Yusof, the director of "KL Gangster". A group of wayward teens at a wilderness boot camp must fight for their lives against the attacks of a ruthless blood-sucking alien. The attacks begin after they discover a strange "orb" in the middle of the desert. With no communication, and nowhere to hide, they realize their only chance for survival is to fight. Kistimaat is a bengali movie, directed by BUET graduate Ashiqur Rahman. It is a action-romantic film, casted by Bodybuilder hero Arifin Shuvo, Achol, Misha Shawdagor, Tiger Robi etc  Two rival high school gang leaders square off in Bangkok over honor, school pride, a girlfriend and rock-n-roll popularity. Lockdown Follows a police officer who returns to duty after recovering from a gun shot wound to discover incriminating evidence of illegal activities against those closest to him. He quickly finds himself trapped inside his own precinct, hunted and in search of the truth, as the crooked cops stop at nothing to recover the evidence. Bollywood 2014 Master gunslinger Sabata arrives in Hobsonville, a town completely owned by McIntock, a robber baron who is taxing the inhabitants for the cost of future improvements to the town. Or that's what McIntock says he'll do with the money... Seventeen-year-old Stella spends most of her time in the hospital as a cystic fibrosis patient. Her life is full of routines, boundaries and self-control -- all of which get put to the test when she meets Will, an impossibly charming teen who has the same illness. There's an instant flirtation, though restrictions dictate that they must maintain a safe distance between them. As their connection intensifies, so does the temptation to throw the rules out the window and embrace that attraction. The Soldier tells us about the military operations taking place in the years 1965-1973 when a group of Russian military operatives carried out the advisory support of North Vietnam as well as covert operations to capture the spoils (the enemy's new war technologies) It is the story of a soldier named Paul who was sent from Moscow military school in Vietnam where he discovers a traitor among his colleagues. However, through a turn of events, he becomes a traitor in the eyes of the commander, and he has to run from his comrades to complete the operation and prove that he is not guilty. Along the way, he joins forces with a North Vietnamese man and an escaped military pilot. The three men make a plan to leave the territory of Vietnam but the road to freedom is full of dangers and surprises. In the end, Paul finds the original traitor and destroys him but he still has to prove his innocence. Four friends set out by boat for an idyllic vacation on a private, remote island. But unknown to them, a weaponized shark has escaped from a top secret military lab nearby, a shark that was genetically engineered with hate in its blood, and programmed to hunt any human within range. Now, these friends must band together to battle an all new brand of predator who will stop at nothing to remain at the top of the food chain. Imprisoned journalist Joseph Michaels faces a government execution during a future American Revolution. A woodsman leaves a hut followed by a woman with their baby. Nearby some men chop down a tree. The baby is left outside the hut, but an eagle flies away with it. The United States' involvement in the Vietnam War. A fearless commando arrives home at the news of his brother's suicide until he starts to deeply investigate the reason behind his mysterious demise. At the crossroads of two great ancient empires, a simple shepherd named David transforms into a powerful warrior and takes on a terrifying giant. One of history's most legendary battles is retold in a stylistic, bloody tale of courage and faith. A Coca-Cola bottle dropped from an airplane raises havoc among a normally peaceful tribe of African bushmen who believe it to be a utensil of the gods. An untraceable group of elite bank robbers is chased by a suicidal FBI agent who uncovers a deeper purpose behind the robbery-homicides. A young girl named Mija risks everything to prevent a powerful, multi-national company from kidnapping her best friend - a massive animal named Okja. In 2029, the elite police squad Illang combats a terrorist group opposing reunification of the two Koreas. But another enemy may be lurking nearby. Higher traces Jones' snowboarding journey from hiking Cape Cod's Jailhouse Hill as a child to accumulating several generations' worth of wisdom and expertise about thriving and surviving in the winter wilderness. The first movie in a trilogy, focusing on the battle against the Takahashi brothers. High school student Takumi Fujiwara works as a gas station attendant during the day and a delivery boy for his father's tofu shop during late nights. Little does he know that his precise driving skills and his father's modified Toyota Sprinter AE86 Trueno make him the best amateur road racer on Mt. Akina's highway. Because of this, racing groups from all over the Gunma prefecture issue challenges to Takumi to see if he really has what it takes to be a road legend. After a cheerleader is sexually assaulted by the high school football team, she must overcome her shame and use the evidence gathered from the subsequent social media firestorm to piece together the night that she can't remember in her fight for justice. Based on the true story of the Steubenville, Ohio rape case. The result of a two-year collaboration with the fishing community of Urk, a former island in the Netherlands. In the previous century, the Dutch closed off and drained their inland sea to reclaim new farmland. The island of Urk, situated in the middle of the sea, suddenly found itself embraced by land. Its inhabitants were expected to switch from fishing to farming, but the fishermen managed to continue their trade. They found new fishing grounds, far out in the North Sea. After the first manned mission to Mars ends in a deadly crash, mission controller Mackenzie 'Mack' Wilson assists an artificial intelligence system, A.R.T.I. Their investigation uncovers a mysterious object under the surface of Mars that could change the future of our planet as we know it. Prequel to "5th of a Degree." A brave warrior fights to restore peace to a town riddled by crime, one sword at a time, in this historical action saga.  Loukyam is a 2014 Telugu film written by Sridhar Seepana and directed by Sriwass which features Gopichand and Rakul Preet Singh in the lead roles. It is produced by V. Anand Prasad on Bhavya Creations banner. (Wikipedia) Raja (Raghava Lawrence), a native of Coutrallam, is a happy-go-lucky-youngster. Tragedy strike his life when his father loses his hand when a doctor in an inebriated condition operates on him. As expected his father is gagged by cops and lawyers. They assault him. In his death bed, his father gets a promise that he would make his three brothers into a cop, lawyer and doctor. Though Raja realises his mission, he falls for his own acts. The trio (who become doctor, policeman and a lawyer) gang up with a baddie Shyla (Mumtaj), a gangster, who rises to become a Minister. It is up to Raja to end their atrocities and teach them a lesson. Jen's romantic getaway with her wealthy (married) boyfriend is disrupted when his friends arrive for an impromptu hunting trip. Tension mounts at the house until the situation culminates in an unexpected way. Rusty James, an absent-minded street thug struggles to live up to his legendary older brother's reputation, and longs for the days when gang warfare was going on. Gottland provides an unconventional look at Czechoslovak 20th century history. Inspired by the bestselling book "Gottland" from the Polish journalist Mariusz Szczygiel, this feature-length film is comprised of short stories portraying peculiar fates. Young documentary film makers from renowned Prague Film School FAMU, inspired by the book, take a closer look at the history of post-war Czechoslovakia and Czech Republic, in order to discover new heroes and remind us of the ones that were forgotten or erased from the history. a film by Kevin Dunn. A look back at some of the funniest presidential moments in history.  A thrice-divorced radio DJ meets the woman of his dreams but can he convince her of the truth of his feelings? An exploration of love, adapted from the novel by Pulitzer prize winning author Carol Shields. Omar is a mid-level gangster in Oslo. A family secret is revealed when his "dead" sister isn't dead at all. Omar is ordered to find her. Joining him is his cousin and fellow gangster Khuram, and together they face an unknown Norway where his sister Amina has lead a secret and quite successful life. A group of people converge on a barren Arctic island. They have their reasons for being there but when a series of mysterious accidents and murders take place, a whole lot of darker motives become apparent. Could the fortune in buried Nazi gold be the key to the mystery? Donald Sutherland and Vanessa Redgrave investigate American Ascent documents the first African American expedition to tackle Denali, North America's highest peak and explores the complex relationship many African-Americans have with the outdoors. As the United States transitions to a 'minority majority' nation, a staggering number of people of color do not identify with America's wild places. By embarking on the grueling multi-week climb of the 20,327ft Denali, nine African-American climbers set out to bridge this 'adventure gap' - challenging outdated notions of what adventure looks like by changing the face of America's biggest and baddest mountain on the 100th anniversary of its first summit. Exposure follows a rookie Detroit African-American female cop who stumbles upon corrupt officers who are murdering a drug dealer, an incident captured by her body cam. They pursue her through the night in an attempt to destroy the footage, but to make matters worse, they've tipped off a criminal gang that she's responsible for the dealer's death. In the Australian Outback, two brothers discover old secrets and family lies. As their friends start to go missing they fear they are being stalked by someone or something from their worst nightmares - But is it just - A story? A legend? A hoax? Or is it real? One dark foggy London night, someone tries to strangle Lord Montague, but he escapes. Only to discover the four other men who did get killed were old regimental comrades in Gallipoli. When Scotland Yard gets Monty to gather the other nine surviving officers at his home, one of them is murdered, and no one else has entered the house. Now, they must determine who the murderer is. Londoner Harry Fabian is a second-rate con man looking for an angle. After years of putting up with Harry's schemes, his girlfriend, Mary, becomes fed up when he taps her for yet another loan. His latest ploy, promoting an aging Greek wrestler, goes awry when the wrestler dies and everyone points the finger at Harry. Hiding out in a riverfront barge, Harry sees his grand ambitions spiral into a nightmare of fear and desperation as the underworld closes in. LISTOPAD is a tale about the adventures of three teenage boys who become swept up in the 'Velvet Revolution' of 1989. While on his travel across the Southwestern United States, with his Jeep CJ Renegade and his chestnut colt named Joe Brown, Luke meets Matt, son of a friend of his, Moose, who is in jail. Moose asks Luke to take care of Matt, and to help him to take possession of a piece of land. So starts their travel, full of adventures... The upcoming installment's story takes place amidst signs of postwar reconstruction in the winter of 2028. Tensions are rising in New Port City as demonstrations are held concerning the interests of foreign cartels. This leads to a shooting incident involving riot police. It all started with a cyberbrain infection released by the terrorist "Fire Starter." An independent offensive unit led by Makoto Kusanagi entrusts the suppression of the situation to their ghosts and aims for their own justice. Below the surface of the incident, lies the "tin girl" Emma and the "scarecrow man" Burinda Junior. As Kusanagi deals with the incident, she draws near to what those two ghosts were seeking. In 1937, at a school in the Trastevere district of Rome, a class photo was taken. Nobody could have known that two of the boys in the picture would go on to make film history: they were director Sergio Leone and composer Ennio Morricone. Another boy sat between this duo destined for world fame. What could have become of him? Denise Janzee took the photo back to Trastevere to discover the identity of the unknown boy. A taxi driver, an old barber, a retired lawyer, a doctor, a priest, another filmmaker--these are just a few of the locals who puzzle over Janzee's question. But not everyone sees its importance. Why would you make a film about an ordinary person, when you can see ordinary people anywhere? As the picture of this unknown man gradually emerges, My Name Is Nobody also profiles the interviewees, the neighborhood and a society in which fame is regarded as the utmost virtue--so if nobody has ever heard of you, what do you have left? In the late Ming Dynasty, three close friends who serve as Jinyiwei guards are dispatched to hunt down Wei Zhongxian, a eunuch politician who had been forced to resign from his influential post and exiled from Beijing. The Jinyiwei brothers return successfully from their quest, only to find that their task was but the beginning of a strange conspiracy.  A gunfighter is taken prisoner by a female wild bunch and falls in love with their leader, a beautiful Apache outlaw queen. After being turned down by the ruling Britons, the rightful heir to a famous dynasty inspires local villagers to build a dam themselves. A small-time thief reforms after learning about the role played by his grandfather in building a dam. A patriotic Indian soldier is captured by the rival army, struggles to fight against the torture of his enemies and escape captivity. On a drunk night, Shammi suggests that he and Kedar leave for America on a cruise, even though they laugh it off in that instance, in a freak accident by the sea, Kedar and Shammi who are supposed to manage a wedding baraat on a cruise, leave without the baraatis only to lose their direction and land up in Karachi, Pakistan. Katutura deals with the struggle of everyday life in the township. There is crime, drug abuse, violence, but it also shows the strength of the community as well as the bustling creativity in the place otherwise known as the place where we do not belong. Katutura follows a group characters experiencing the gravity of living in a township. Ex-convict Dangi has to deal with living a law-abiding life, an extramarital son and an old flame who his wife doesn`t know about. Gangster Shivago explores a new market to sell his drugs and Kondja, a teenager in a wheelchair who helps street kids, falls in love for the first time. Their paths intertwine and their lives collide in both hopeful and brutal ways. In the 1980s, Charles, an enigmatic con man and a vicious killer and Commisioner Amod Kanth are embroiled in a game of cat and mouse. The services of shark killer have been engaged by his brother Jake, the head of a West Coast crime ring. The gig: kill the black-finned shark that swallowed a valuable diamond during a gang transaction. An Italian made for television musical comedy. An ex-con sets out in search of his kidnapped sister through the criminal underbelly of Shreveport, Louisiana. Three different men, three different worlds, three different wars - all stand at the intersection of modern warfare - a murky world of fluid morality where all is not as it seems. The Benders follows a normal housewife who is pulled from her own reality into another when she learns she has been living in a computer simulation her whole life. Aided by new friends and pursued by technical support personnel, Simone begins to ask what makes a person real. While produced on a micro-budget, the acting, special effects and cinematography scream of major motion picture. Part of the Optofonica #1 series A team of Special Ops elite soldiers, led by Captain Gus, formed a strong allegiance in battle. Gus is forced to bring the team back into action including a persuasive ex-priest Andreas "Doc" Clemens and fighter Benjamin Scholz when their ex-Commander's daughter is kidnapped. However, the teams' loyalties are tested when a member is framed for shooting another member. Together, Gus and the team must use all their skills in weaponry, martial arts, brute force and technology. The mission to track down the force behind the kidnapping causes the team to sacrifice their lives to uncover the truth, save the daughter and deliver justice - ultimate justice! Gemma collects money out of parking meters. But really she's obsessed with Elvis. Exodus to Shanghai tells the story of two lovers who have to escape from Vienna to China after Dr. Ho, the Chinese Consul in Vienna in 1938, issued Exit Visas to many Jews against the instruction of his superiors. Fannia, a New York Jewish Violin student, falls in love with the Consul's nephew Bruce. Together they must leave Vienna as the Gestapo is chasing them to get the Jews and Hitler's painting. A wealthy young man is conned into staging a fake kidnapping in order to be a hero and win the affection of a girl he's madly in love with. But when one of the hired kidnappers is accidentally killed during the charade, he's forced to actually save her life while not revealing that it's been a ruse all along. Thomas and his fellow Gladers face their greatest challenge yet: searching for clues about the mysterious and powerful organization known as WCKD. Their journey takes them to the Scorch, a desolate landscape filled with unimaginable obstacles. Teaming up with resistance fighters, the Gladers take on WCKD's vastly superior forces and uncover its shocking plans for them all. A video diptych by Ali Kazma made in a steel pipe factory. The work refers to the global, underground activity of pipelines and their function of transmitting energy and fluids. Krishnasamy (Arjun Sarja), a respected man, and Samiyappan (Thilakan) are in a feud for several years. Amudha (Nikitha), Krishnasamy's daughter, hates her father because she thinks that he is a killer.  A few years before, Krishnasamy was a tea master with his friend Kandhasamy (Goundamani). After his father's death, Krishnasamy had a lot of responsibility. He fell in love with Sindhamani (Roja). In the meantime, Samiyappan, a local don, canceled his engagement because Sindhamani's father promised Sindhamani to his son (Raja). One day, Krishnasamy ridiculed Samiyappan in a politic function. This humilition irks Samiyappan, so his henchmen burnt Krishnasamy's house and Krishnasamy's brother who was in the house died. In anger, Krishnasamy entered Samiyappan's house and fought against his henchmen but an honest police officer (Nagesh) arrested him before he committed murder. The police officer gave him a mission : stopping Samiyappan's illegal activities. Two friends turn bitter foes after a fall out and their enmity is exploited by a man who has scores to settle. Disaster hits when two teenagers are caught in a fire on the 20th floor of a skyscraper. Their parents are on the 60th. Will they survive the flames? This action comedy is about an awkward movie star, Angel (Debbie Goh) who accidentally becomes a Triad leader in an intense election war among 4 main Triads in Petaling Street. Media makes a lot of coverage of this new Triad leader, exposing her for assassination. While she tries to hide from her assassin, she bumps into a restaurant owner Xie Da Xiang (Chen Han Wei) who is her ex-boyfriend...  Carved from a lifetime of experience that runs the gamut from incarceration to liberation, Dog Eat Dog is the story of three men who are all out of prison and now have the task of adapting themselves to civilian life. In the early 1990s, experiments were carried out secretly in Japan. Two different methods were used in the experiments. One method involved forcing stress upon expecting parents and when the baby was born, provoke the baby into mutations and develop their special abilities. The other method involved birth to babies having abilities of animals and insects. The special abilities were derived from gene manipulation. Subaru, Saya and others were born from those experiments. Emiya Shirou is a young magus who attends Homurahara Academy in Fuyuki City. One day after cleaning the Archery Dojo in his school, he catches a glimpse of a fight between superhuman beings, and he gets involved in the Holy Grail War, a ritual where magi called Masters fight each other with their Servants to win the Holy Grail. Shirou joins the battle to stop an evildoer from winning the Grail and to save innocent people, but everything goes wrong when a mysterious "Shadow" begins to indiscriminately kill people in Fuyuki... A group of honest police is sent to a country town to solve the problem of high crime. Soon they solve the problem while newcomer Francis (Cleo Pires) must overcome their limits to prove that it has value. They are acclaimed by public opinion. But before long the application of the force of the law begins to annoy everyone and the true enemy is revealed. A weary undercover cop must maintain his cover while trying to save the daughter of a notorious Triad Boss from becoming collateral damage in a sting operation gone wrong. A dire warning of a wake up call of what might be our future when a globalist terrorist organization aligned with the United Nations disables the United States power grid and institutes Martial Law. It will take a dedicated family of patriots armed with strong survival skills and the remains of the Second Amendment to save America and reclaim its freedom. Colonel Robert Sikes is on a mission to rid his city of crime. As a stealthy, one-man assault team, he will take on street gangs, mobsters, and politicians with extreme prejudice until his mission is complete. His former protege, William Porter, teams up with the local police department to bring his former commander to justice and prevent him from further vigilantism. Yoddha The Warrior is the story of a warrior who rises to revenge wrongdoers, with Rahul Dev essaying the role of a antagonist. Starring Brian Patrick Butler, George Jac and directed by Tony Olmos. An ex-con trying to find work in a new Depression is lured back to a life of crime, but his gang passes the point of no return once they become fugitives. In this action packed, international comedy thriller, three cops and a female reporter are in hot pursuit of a murderer whose quest is to acquire the Sacred Kuji Denjo Scrolls. As the team traverses across the globe in this perilous adventure, they can't seem to avoid hand to hand combat battles, white knuckle car chases, sword fights, and explosive gun fights. The crew must find a way to discover the murderer fast enough so they are no longer targets of ancient Thailand's Weirding Clan. Directed by Marcus Aurelius. In 2019, Lincoln Six-Echo is a resident of a seemingly "Utopian" but contained facility. Like all of the inhabitants of this carefully-controlled environment, Lincoln hopes to be chosen to go to The Island -- reportedly the last uncontaminated location on the planet. But Lincoln soon discovers that everything about his existence is a lie. This portrait of the New York band Sonic Youth marking the band's 20th anniversary covers its history from the beginnings to today. Numerous video clips and films of live gigs as well as interviews with, and reminiscences of, collaborators over the years will be used to document the musical development of one of the most innovative and influential bands of the last two decades. Contemporaries include former mentor Glenn Branca, composer and conductor of guitar symphonies which had a seminal influence on participating musicians such as Lee Ranaldo and Thurston Moore, who went on to become Sonic Youth's guitarists. The band members' numerous creative arts projects and other musical activities - in particular improvised music - will be covered in depth. This year for her birthday, Elizabeth received a pair of pink pistols and a reason to use them. After a disease kills 98% of America's children, the surviving 2% develop superpowers and are placed in internment camps. A 16-year-old girl escapes her camp and joins a group of other teens on the run from the government. A group of people are plunged into a dark, claustrophobic maze, where they must fight to survive, as the outside world watches. Is a thriller that mixes different genres and styles, from comedy to Mexican wrestling films. It follows the story of a cop with a reputation for being an idiot who jumps on the trail of a missing girl, discovering that his best friend is involved. Along the way they encounter a series of strange characters, typical inhabitants of Mexico City. Everything takes place in a day, from morning to night. Juliette, a lone survivor of an apocalyptic era, fights to survive against hunger, thirst, a broken leg and strange disturbing creatures that only comes out at nighttime. On the tough streets of Seattle, a girl gang of she-devils takes on an Eastern European immigrant, in the style of John Waters-meets-Perfect Strangers. A new girl must prove herself worthy of joining the ranks of the ferocious gang by prevailing in cat fights and wars of words. Jam-packed with tattoos, street cred, arcade brawls, hater shades, astounded immigrant parents, bow-tied nerds, matching jackets and loitering, for a camptastic good time. This FDA film explores the history of hallucinogenic drugs, and specifically the effects and therapeutic uses of lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD). Combining graphics that suggest a hallucinogenic experience, snippets of interviews with users (who explain their reasons for taking the drug) and doctors, and taped sessions of research with volunteers, the film delves into the destructive as well as possible positive uses of the drug. In the history of sports, few names are more recognizable than that of Evel Knievel. Long after the man hung up his famous white leather jumpsuit and rode his Harley into the sunset, his name is still synonymous with the death-defying lifestyle he led. Notoriously brash, bold, and daring, Knievel stared death in the face from the seat of his motorcycle, but few know the larger-than-life story of the boy from Butte, Montana. A young civil war veteran is forced on a desperate journey to save his kidnapped wife. A retired bodyguard who has settled into a corner of the world where China, Russia and North Korea meet as he suffers from early dementia finds a new friend in a young girl. When her life is threatened by her father's connection with a local crime lord, .the bodyguard must call upon his long forgotten skills to save her. Notorious hacker Drew Reynolds is captured by the CIA and given a proposition - work for them or spend the rest of his life in prison. Agreeing on the condition that he can form his own team, he puts together a group of "throwaways" - the people deemed expendable and seemingly the worst in the organization. Filmmaker Marshall Curry explores the inner workings of the Earth Liberation Front, a revolutionary movement devoted to crippling facilities involved in deforestation, while simultaneously offering a profile of Oregon ELF member Daniel McGowan, who was brought up on terrorism charges for his involvement with the radical group. After many controversies Poland's biggest military intelligence and counter-intelligence agency (commonly known as WSI) is liquidated, but its place is immediately taken by a new, secret military organization. Forced to deal with obscure cases, Its three members soon begin to doubt both their mission and the people they work for. When a clandestine corporation puts a beloved wrestling company out of business, it's time for the most hated man in the locker room to bring them back from destruction. A rebellious teenager, a hardcore gang member, and an idealistic cop risk everything to find their place in the crumbling fabric of modern America.  While idealistic rookie cop David is able to keep his family safe until use-of-force incidents put him under pressure to make a fateful decision, hardcore gang member Lito steps into dangerous territory when he defies gang matriarch Tia in his hustle for wealth and power. At the same time, rebellious teenager Rio flirts with gang life until he has to deal with his own guilt over a tragic death. Detective Harry Hole investigates the disappearance of a woman whose pink scarf is found wrapped around an ominous looking snowman. An egoistic wealthy man becomes a cop to settle a score, but gets into a feud with a local politician. An obscure Italian magistrate suspects that a well-known industrialist commited murder, and decides to investigate him, and bring him to court, whatever it takes. But - will the magistrate have it in him to go against impossible odds, in the name of the Italian people he represents? Two years after choosing not to kill the man who killed his son, former police sergeant Leo Barnes has become head of security for Senator Charlene Roan, the front runner in the next Presidential election due to her vow to eliminate the Purge. On the night of what should be the final Purge, a betrayal from within the government forces Barnes and Roan out onto the street where they must fight to survive the night. Nicholas Moore hires taxi driver Trevor to help catch his fiance cheating. With misunderstandings, and mistaken identity, these defective detectives find themselves on an adventure more dangerous than they bargained for. Three inept night watchmen, aided by a young rookie and a fearless tabloid journalist, fight an epic battle to save their lives. A mistaken warehouse delivery unleashes a horde of hungry vampires, and these unlikely heroes must not only save themselves but also stop the scourge that threatens to take over the city of Baltimore. A documentary following a self proclaimed modern samurai as he goes on a journey to find his wife after she was taken by a flash flood. Aggie, A 67 year-old Black Cajun, has just stepped into her worst nightmare. Her two granddaughters have disappeared, and the only clue she possesses is a forgotten laptop. Aware she only has a short window of time, she feels helpless to save them as her money and influence are scarce. Desperate to get her girls back, Aggie risks everything to cross paths with Richard and Lottie DuMonde, two of the wealthiest and most connected people in New Orleans. Certainly, once they hear her story, they will help. But what Aggie doesn't foresee is the dark world she's about to step into, or the dangers accompanying the rescue needed to bring her girls home.  The French American is a drama film directed by Darla Rae In the midst of the Balkan wars, a squad of Navy SEALs attempts to unravel a long-forgotten mystery after discovering an enormous treasure trove hidden at the bottom of a lake in Serbia. Guru ji (Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh) is a spiritual leader who has a huge follower base. He has accepted the challenge of eradicating social evils including drugs and gender-related issues that have been prevailing in the society. Those with vested interests and apathetic towards the welfare of the society are now disturbed as there's someone who has taken control of the situation. They conspire to kill him. A cybernetic ninja must protect a feudal society of spaceship dwellers from a sadistic demon lord. Juan Lopez must balance an office job with heroic feats to save the love of his life and native planet Chiton. An ex-cop goes on a rampage after his fiancee is killed by the Asian mafia. In Beijing, a young martial artist's skill places him in position to experience opportunities and sacrifices. An idealistic sub-inspector joins a station that is run by a corrupt inspector, who moves closely with a criminal-minister. Gradually, his hate for the other takes over and he edges towards the dark side while the other sees the error of his ways and reforms. Shiva Rama Raju (Jagapati Babu), a noted good Samaritan in Parvatipuram who has a bet with Veerraju (Supreet) in the same village that "if any of his 3 daughters fall in love he will either kill them or cut down his ears" and he takes a vow that he will marry off his daughters to the grooms of his choice, neither love marriage nor elopement. Kavita (Rakul Preet Singh) is his third daughter. Raju (Manchu Manoj) is a wayward youth who is in deeply in love with an English teacher Sunny (Sunny Leone) in a junior college. Kavita is one of Sunny's students. Raju uses Kavita as courier to love Sunny; as the things proceed, Raju and Kavita fall in love. The rest of the story is all about what happens when they want to get married. Dora, a girl who has spent most of her life exploring the jungle with her parents, now must navigate her most dangerous adventure yet: high school. Always the explorer, Dora quickly finds herself leading Boots (her best friend, a monkey), Diego, and a rag tag group of teens on an adventure to save her parents and solve the impossible mystery behind a lost Inca civilization. A young man goes from China to Hollywood on short notice to find his girlfriend. He ends up connected with two others in his quest, which gets much more complicated than he envisioned. In the irreverent spirit of fun that made "The Lego Movie" a worldwide phenomenon, the self-described leading man of that ensemble--Lego Batman--stars in his own big-screen adventure. But there are big changes brewing in Gotham, and if he wants to save the city from The Joker's hostile takeover, Batman may have to drop the lone vigilante thing, try to work with others and maybe, just maybe, learn to lighten up. Natee (Dan Chupong) became a killer for one reason- to discover who killed his parents. As he gets closer to uncovering a secret network of power and corruption, he's double-crossed on a job, making him a target and putting everyone he loves in danger. Betrayed, exposed, and hunted by the deadliest killers in the business, Natee now has a new code. Be faster. Stronger. Hit harder. Survive. Seven men, four cars and 1,300 kilos of cannabis leave Malaga, southern Spain, headed for Creil on the outskirts of Paris. But for Alex, Yacine, Majid and the others, what should be a regular run turns into a fatal convoy. When a woman is added to the convoy, Nadia a young tourist traveling home from Morrocco, she's dragged into their adventure. For one night, she and the audience are immersed in the violent reality of drug trafficking. In the early 1990s, a Japanese samurai detective series was aired in Australia and became a cult success. Titled in Japan "Ronin Suiri Tentai" (meaning roughly "Deductive Reasoning Ronin"), it was soon known in the West as "Top Knot Detective." The original series was legendary in Japan, a cultural train wreck led by Takashi Tawagoto, a crazy writer, producer, director and lead actor; one who could not act, fight or write at all.  Red Bull Media House, in association with MSP Films, presents Days Of My Youth, a new action-packed film that examines every skier's lifelong affinity for the sport and proves that skiing can keep you feeling young for a lifetime. After a failed suicide attempt, a young man coping with loss and depression, submits to a series of trials that fine-tune human emotions, but his unique reaction to the tests send him on a journey that transcends both physical and perceived reality. The film tells the story of three childhood friends. The trio all had dreams to fulfill 'when they grew up', but time and destiny seem to have other plans for them. A difficult life is forced upon them when the elder brother of one of these three men is hit by the vehicle of a shady character called Chewang (Robin Tamang) and left completely paralyzed. The three friends then find themselves in the way of a criminal gang called 'Royal', of which Chewang is the leader. Yamraaj (Gulshan Grover), has a major hold in the underworld, and has got his own stylish life fall of luxuries. Seeing this, Birju (Mithun Chakraborty) and Krishna (Jackie Shroff), dream to become Yamraaj one day. Inspector Dharamveer (Prem Chopra), warns them not to indulge in completion of this dream, but they wont listen to him. They start working for Yamraaj, and slowly impress Yamraaj with their work and get lots of money and other luxuries. One day an incident makes Krishna feel whether this life is good or the life they were living before this was better. He decides to part ways from this underworld and live the normal life of humanity. Now, Birju is alone to reach to his goal of becoming Yamraaj while Krishna starts helping police. Will Yamraaj let Krishna live? Will Birju get to reach his dream? What was that incident that changed Krishna alive? Will Birju and Krishna solve their fight? This is what the story is all about. A gifted teenage detective searches for his missing father with his ladylove assistant. In a fragile relationship, a husband wants to impress upon his pregnant wife his seriousness in being a good father, so he whisks her away on a babymoon travel holiday to the most exotic, beautiful, Instagram -able, country imaginable, which unbeknownst to him is experiencing a political revolution!  El Alambrista Mexican wrestler and defender of migrants uncovers a terrifying plot that turns bordering crossing migrants into monsters. A tough vigilante, Roy Willcox, played by WWE superstar Jake the Snake Roberts, is terrorizing migrant trying to cross the border. Willcox's mistreatment of the migrants along the US-Mexico border brings him face to mask with El Alambrista, the people's luchador. While trying to help the migrants being targeted by Willcox, our hero uncovers a terrifying plot to exploit the already forgotten border crossers. An evil lurks in the hidden canyons and concealed migrant trails of the border lands - Dr. Deralius, a man seeking revenge upon the migrant workers for a horrible accident that left him paralyzed. Also fighting Mexican wrestlers from his past. Miles Cullen, a bored teller at a small bank in a large Toronto shopping mall, accidentally learns that his place of business is about to be robbed when he finds a discarded hold up note on one of the bank's counters. Instead of informing the police, he enters a game of cat-and-mouse with the would-be robber. Greg Vincent is a struggling, alcoholic writer who has suffered a terrible loss in his life and is looking for inspiration for his next story. During this difficult time, he encounters a strange being from out of this world. Could this possible be the basis for the perfect story which could jump start not only his career but also his life?  Yi-Hwan (Lee Min-Ki) is a former professional baseball player. He was involved in fixing games and lost everything. Gang boss Sang-Ha (Park Sung-Woong) runs a money lending business and a gambling location. He makes Yi-Hwan work for him. Meanwhile, Yi-Hwan falls for bar owner Yeon-Soo (Lee Tae-Im). It's 1943 and World War II is raging in Europe. In New York, Arturo and Flora the daughter of a restaurant owner are in love, but she is promised in marriage to the son of a Mafia boss. There is a way around this, but to be able to marry Flora, Arturo needs to get permission from her father, who lives in a village in Sicily. Arturo doesn't have any money, so the only way he can get to Sicily is to enlist in the U.S. Army, which is preparing for a landing on the island. A research scientist explores the boundaries and frontiers of consciousness. Using sensory deprivation and hallucinogenic mixtures from native American shamans, he explores these altered states of consciousness and finds that memory, time, and perhaps reality itself are states of mind. Friends hatch a plot to retrieve a stolen cat by posing as drug dealers for a street gang. After the eleven-year old Felix (Oskar Keymar) flown by several schools, is now the Otto Leonhard school his last chance. But already the first day there is as little promising. Although he finds in the bustling Ella (Lina Huesker) quickly a new girlfriend, but its new Director and teacher Dr. Schmitt Gossenwein (Anja Kling) is obnoxious and on top of that the boys in his class are called him above all, the arrogant Mario (Georg Sulzer), not just welcome. To be accepted by them, Felix should be multiple tests of courage. The first is that it breaks in the evening in the school. When attempting to Mrs. Schmitt Gossenwein caught him but all people. In 20 XX years, Japan was wrapped in fireworks of ramen... People were suppressed by the ramen fear politics by a group called "tiger's hole".  When everyone gave up on the future, there was a woman who turned away from God and opened her own destiny! Behold! Now Pandora 's box called Donburi will be held! Wong Kam-Kwei, a gang boss on the decline, overseeing bathhouses and karaoke bars, falls for a small restaurant owner, Mei. He begins to help her business, and learns that Mei is already in love with Leung, a member of his gang. He's also like a brother to Kam-Kwei. When a rival gang hoping to steal his territory kills Leung, the only thing left for Kam-Kwei to do now is to protect Mei and avenge Leung. Adult film starlet Vixen Velvet wants to be a real actress - she gets her chance when the remote town she's filming in finds itself in the grip of a zombie apocalypse. A stranger arrives to the small town of Passo Fundo, south of Brazil. And he's on a manhunt of a killer that turns in a giant drug conspiracy running by an international conglomerate. Set in the near future in a lawless world. Kurisu Saotome (Kirara Asuka) is a beautiful woman, but she is also a deadly bounty hunter. She wears an armored suit, possessing great power, and she is known as Iron Girl. Kurisu Saotome doesn't remember who she really is or where she comes from. To regain her memory, she continues her lonely battle. An obese boy named Fat Albert and his friends Rudy, Mushmouth, Bill, Dumb Donald, Russell, and Weird Harold, pulls into trouble when they "fall" out of their TV world into the real world, where Fat Albert tries to help a young girl, Doris, make friends. A charismatic, crazy hothead transforms a family's life when she becomes the nanny of five girls. Hiroya Munakata (Sho Aikawa) is the leader of the yakuza group Munakata-gumi. After 10 years since the big fight, Hiroya Munakata's non blood-related younger brother Takashi (Shingo Tsurumi) is released from prison, but Takashi's daughter, Hyuga (Maika Yamamoto) says she does not want to meet her father and runs away from home.  Hiroya, Takashi and Hiroya's subordinate Shinya (Red Rice) go to Zeni Island where Hyuga is headed to. Something they never expected is waiting for them. Bill Williamson is back, alive and well and doing a recon mission around D.C. This time he wants to cause a major population disruption within the USA which result in devastating consequences reverberating throughout the world. His new mission this time to bring down The President of the United States and his Secret Service detail. Bill brings with him all the freak-in havoc and acidity of the previous 2 movies. T-Rex is an intimate coming-of-age story about a new kind of American heroine. For the first time, women's boxing is included in the 2012 Olympics. Fighting for gold is 17-year-old Claressa "T-Rex" Shields. From the streets of Flint, Michigan, Claressa is undefeated and utterly confident. Her fierceness extends beyond the ring. She protects her family at any cost, even when their instability and addictions threaten to derail her dream. As she gets closer to her dream her relationships with her coach and her family get more complicated. But Claressa is determined. She desperately wants to take her family to a better, safer place and winning gold could be her only chance. ToQger vs. Kyoryuger will see the twelve rangers from both teams join forces to fight against an evil super giant. They must also save the Galaxy Line, which is falling from space. To make matters worse, the five main ToQgers are turned into children by a Shadow Monster. As the Avengers and their allies have continued to protect the world from threats too large for any one hero to handle, a new danger has emerged from the cosmic shadows: Thanos. A despot of intergalactic infamy, his goal is to collect all six Infinity Stones, artifacts of unimaginable power, and use them to inflict his twisted will on all of reality. Everything the Avengers have fought for has led up to this moment - the fate of Earth and existence itself has never been more uncertain. A gigantic, mutated, reptile attacks the population of an unprepared city. A young girl arrives in Hollywood determined to become a star in the movies, but finds that attaining stardom is a lot more difficult then she counted on. Howewver, she does become a star of sorts--as the owner of a dog who DOES become a movie star. Choi Ik-Ho (Lee Jung-Jae) is a martial arts star with talent for action and humor. But one day, he is framed for murder. Ace (Shin Ha-Kyun) is a game planner, who makes a game for the Korean upper class. He is a villain who makes a city into a big gameboard through technology. Ace and Choi Ik-Ho become adversaries as Choi Ik-Ho jumps into the game to save his brother.  -asianwiki A crime drama set in 1970s Boston, about a gun sale which goes wrong.  After a long, work-related separation, two young martial artists go on a much needed romantic date, but their night turns deadly when they must contend with a junior monk who is bent on revenge for the death of his steroid-dealing brother. Documentary about the murders of six Russian journalists between 1995 and 2003 and the subsequent police investigation which some, including human rights lawyer Karen Nersisyan have seen as a cover up. The film also charts a Moscow newspaper's battle to maintain a critical voice in contemporary Russia. (Storyville) First as Special Forces and then as a part of the elite world of Executive Protection, Max Webber has dedicated his life and career to protecting others. Working for one of the richest men in the world, Max finds himself embroiled in a conspiracy of betrayal that has spanned the globe and threatens to cost him everything. When a school in upstate New York is snowed in, a group of students hi-jack a plow to keep the school closed.. NEUROO-X, a German-Swiss-Chinese entertainment company group, stands for games that dissolve the boundary between reality and gaming). A new gadget, the myth-enshrouded RED BOOK, offers the ultimate gaming experience. The most secret longings of gamers are scanned by the engine and transformed into fantastic adventures. The conspiracy psychoses of users are the raw material for the storytelling of NEUROO-X. Marcus, Chief Development Manager of NEUROO-X dies shortly before completion of the RED BOOK. His lover Ryuko finds out that something terrible happened during testing of the game in China, and the deeper she submerges into the secret of NEUROO-X, the more she loses touch with reality. She neglects her son Walter, who logs into the game and disappears into the digital parallel world. The more Ryuko fights the corporation in order to rescue her son, the more she updates the narrative desired by NEUROO-X. Ryuko finds herself in a world full of demons, witches, knights and terrorists. A claymation short that parodies 80s action flicks. WWE presents True Giants, an in-depth look at sports entertainment's most successful gargantuan Superstars from Big Show and Mark Henry to titans like Andre the Giant, Kevin Nash and more! A pained cry pierces the heart of a rustic mountain town in Larry Yang's remarkable second feature Mountain Cry. When La Hong (Yu Ailei) dies in an accident involving an explosive badger trap, naive Han Chong (Wang Ziyi) obeys village decree and takes the responsibility of caring for La Hong's mute widow Hong Xia (Lang Yueting) and their children. But as they start to form an emotional bond, suspicions arise concerning La Hong's death. A melodrama condemning intolerance, it is also a love story of remarkable credibility and emotional depth. An American Ambassador is killed during an attack at a U.S. compound in Libya as a security team struggles to make sense out of the chaos. The story revolves around Bernard Fripp(Atkinson) who is wrongly diagnosed by his doctor(Hawthorne) as having only 24 hours to live. This sets Bernard bumbling off on a mission to live life to the full, pursuing Greta Scaachi around the town, trying to make peace with God (via the slowest vicar ever, Broadbent), listening to all his unheard favorite music (in Our Price), and asking Leslie Ash if she has time for some "love, or something?". The year is 1955. NATO and the Allied Forces have been conducting secret, occult experiments in a bid to win the Arms Race. Now, they have finally succeeded but what the Army has unleashed threatens to tear our world apart. One woman must lead the only survivors past horrors that the military has no way to control - and fight to close what should never have been opened. A director encounters a group of homeless kids and becomes enamored with them as he films their daily antics. He is angry when he witnesses a gang threaten their community, but his video recordings become beneficial to the kids' struggle for survival. Doris Parker, the daughter of an American Marine Officer, becomes Harry Townsend's pen pal. Harry is a young American soldier with no family who has gone to fight in France. As they exchange letters, Doris falls for Harry, despite advances made by Jack Tims, a captain of the Royal Navy training with the American Marines. On the front in France, Harry's face is wounded. Overwhelmed by the news, Doris asks Jack Tims to take Harry onboard a ship he is taking to France. During the voyage, Jack foils an attack from an enemy submarine but is wounded in the battle and dies. Twin siblings Lakshmi and Ramu have contrastive personalities. Ramu is tender-hearted and ready to compromise on any issue at home. Lakshmi, however, is rebellious and grows up to be tomboyish. Ryuzo and his 7 former henchmen are all retired yakuza, but they now live as regular old men. One day, Ryuzo becomes the victim of a phishing fraud. He calls his 7 men together to reform their society. Many loosely connected characters cross paths in this film, based on the stories of Raymond Carver. Waitress Doreen Piggot accidentally runs into a boy with her car. Soon after walking away, the child lapses into a coma. While at the hospital, the boy's grandfather tells his son, Howard, about his past affairs. Meanwhile, a baker starts harassing the family when they fail to pick up the boy's birthday cake. When an ex-CIA agent discovers his family have been kidnapped he sets out to rescue them, only to discover they are being held hostage and won't be released unless he carries out a mission to assassinate the President. He must use his advanced skills to outwit the men holding his family and prevent the assassination from going ahead before the clock runs out for his family. Set in the backdrop of the picturesque Munnar, it tells the story of Iyob, a slave-turned-master. Twelve-year-old Bo is a talented but hot-tempered kick boxer. However, Bo is distracted by her fighting parents who are in the middle of a divorce. Bo needs to learn how to control her emotions and at the same time accept the fact she can't control everything. After a war against an enemy from another world breaks out in the South Pacific, a group of freshly recruited U.S. Marines are sent to the front lines. Nevalyashka is a young and very successful boxer who is dreaming about the winning against the famous champion... While an opera singers sings in a snowy and cold street, we are allowed to witness a meeting between a man and a woman through blowing net curtains. The music is touched by sadness and the emotions of the characters are no different. Nearer they become while the singer sinks deeper into the melancholy. The story of "Empire Symbol" is quiet dramatic and it is called Chinese "The Da Vinci Code": a group of people seems unrelated--- an auto mechanic Cheng Xi (acted by Pan Yueming), a policewoman Mei Jia (acted by Hu Ke) and a Japanese archaeologist Xiao Yelingzi (acted by Yi Nengjing), they are bonded by an invaluable empire treasure of Ming Dynasty. With the mystery is solved, everyone starts a hunt for love, fortune and power. Set in the drought-plagued Brazilian badlands of the 1940s, Black God, White Devil explores the climate of superstition, physical and spiritual terrorism, and fear that gripped the country. The central characters, Manuel and Rosa, are on the run, and move credulously from allegiance to allegiance until they finally learn that the land belongs neither to god nor devil, but to the people themselves. The film's storyline, somewhere between folk ballad and contemporary myth, contains a multitude of references to Brazilian history and culture. "Dirty" Harry Callahan is a San Francisco Police Inspector on the trail of a group of rogue cops who have taken justice into their own hands. When shady characters are murdered one after another in grisly fashion, only Dirty Harry can stop them. The most dangerous former operative of the CIA is drawn out of hiding to uncover hidden truths about his past. When the Amago samurai withdraw their protection of the village of Tatara, famous for their manufacture of the legendary swords, the younger generation - erroneously - believe that guns will suffice. A bunch of wedding caterers lead by Santhanam run from trouble and land in Trichy - only to find more trouble. In Trichy, the problems are bigger than before and running away is not an option. The Gauchos del Mar brothers perform an unprecedented expedition by foot with 35kgs+ on their backs during 53 days on the easternmost tip of Tierra del Fuego Province, a pristine area where no one lives. The brothers have the goal of surfing a world-class wave never ridden before at the Cape San Diego Lighthouse, the most easterly point.  To get there they overcome heavy terrains, scarcity of food and harsh climate. With no communication whatsoever they document the region and decide to share their message of environmentalism, avoiding consumerism and living simply in order to protect Peninsula Mitre forever! Drama based on a true story about the MMR vaccine and its possible links to autism. Christine Shields is certain that the MMR jab he received has caused her son's autism. Meanwhile Dr Andrew Wakefield carries out research into just that, risking his career and reputation. A movie by Jon Jost, who is the maestro of the American experimental movie world. The film tells us the strange incidents that happen in the ruined old village. Comparing to Jon Jost's previous movies, this film has a clearer narrative and is more experimental with the structure as well. The essay film, which takes place in Missouri where they live an outdated lifestyle and where old culture still exists, confuses the boundary between fiction and non-fiction. The movie is based from a true story but instead of telling the exact story, the director casts real actors and gives a little twist to it. The actors explain about the inhumane incidents that happened in the village and while reviving it, they create their own narratives. Almost all the employees of a spicy sauce factory are slaughtered. Responsible for this drama: hitman Victor Patibulo, notorious for sucking on a pacifier ever since his favorite poodle got killed. One body is absent among the dead: big boss Heraclito, who had just created a revolutionary new sauce. Is there a connection? There's only one man who'll be able to find out: the handsome, strong and clever Marcello Risk, star of the anti-terrorism unit K.K.D.B.B. Together with his sidekick, Guadalajara Man, big fan of martial arts and bananas, he'll try to solve the mystery. But there are many weird and wonderful enemies on their path, their boss is mind-bogglingly dumb and their residential science genius hasn't eaten in weeks. Cutbacks, you know! Ms. Brenda tries to keep Angel away from her talented son Cedric so he can have a future and decides to pay her to stay away. But all the while she still sneaks around to see Cedric. When Ms. Brenda dies of pneumonia, her spirit comes back later to haunt them after finding out they are together! Romeo is an unruly youth in his local village. He goes to London after seeing his dream girl on Facebook to win her heart.  Toro (Spanish for "Bull") is a young con man and the right hand of Romano, a powerful mob boss in Torremolinos, Malaga (Andalusia, south to Spain). After Toro decides to leave Romano to get a life free of crime, his last sting fails, resulting one of his brothers dead and he sent to jail. Five years later, Romano realizes that Lopez, Toro's older brother, is robbing him money from his tourism business and he orders to kidnap Diana, Lopez's little daughter, until this one get back the money. Without options, Lopez visits Toro, now a touristic driver with the third grade prison close to get the parole, who only wants to be free to marry his girlfriend Estrella. When Toro accepts to help Lopez and both meet Romano looking for a solution, Toro ends attacking Romano's men and fleeing with Diana, trying to escape from Romano's revenge. But Romano starts a ruthless searching for they three, meanwhile Toro counts the hours to back the prison according to the third grade... When America's fascination with living forever creates a viral outbreak, the Earth's population starts to reduce in stages. After the first four are completed, CHILDREN and TEENS are the only humans left in an apocalyptic world where they must not only fend for themselves against the virus, but against one another.  What would you do if life handed you the key to live forever? When America's fascination with looking young and living forever creates a viral outbreak, the Earth's population starts to reduce in stages. After the first four are completed, CHILDREN and TEENS are the only humans left in an apocalyptic world where they must not only fend for themselves against the virus, but also...each other. This is STAGE V. A down-to-earth portrait of art school life. Two professors team up to locate a lost treasure and embark on an adventure that takes them from a Tibetan ice cave to Dubai, and to a mountain temple in India. An American sniper and his spotter engage in a deadly cat-and-mouse game with an Iraqi sniper. Year 2116--The Japanese government begins to export the Sibyl System unmanned drone robots to troubled countries, and the system spreads throughout the world. A state in the midst of a civil war, SEAUn (the South East Asia Union), brings in the Sibyl System as an experiment. Under the new system, the coastal town of Shambala Float achieves temporary peace and safety. But then SEAUn sends terrorists to Japan. They slip through the Sibyl System and then attack from within. The shadow of a certain man falls on this incident. In charge of the police, Tsunemori travels to Shambala Float to investigate. The truth of justice on this new ground will become clear. Recap of the Aoki Hagane no Arpeggio: Ars Nova TV series, with approximately 40 minutes of new material.  By 2039, global warming had caused sea levels to rise and large amount of territory to be lost. As though in response, a mysterious group of warships clad in mist, "the Fleet of Mist," appeared in every corner of the ocean, and began attacking human ships. In spite of humanity mustering all their strength, they were utterly defeated by the Mist's overwhelming force. All of humanity's trade routes were blockaded by the Fleet of Mist, their political economy was destroyed, and the human race was steadily beaten down. Seven years later, the Fleet of Mist's submarine I-401 appears before cadet Gunzo Chihaya. The humanoid life form that pilots the sub, who should be their enemy, is instead offering her services to mankind. Hoodslam is a the story of an upstart pro wrestling promotion from Oakland California. See as they grow from their meager beginnings out of a dilapidated warehouse to become one of the most controversial theatrical spectacles in the country. Beneath the Helmet: From High School to the Home Front is a coming of age story that highlights five young Israeli high school graduates, who are drafted into the army to defend their country. At the age of 18, away from their houses, family, and friends these young individuals undergo a demanding journey, revealing the core of who they are and who they want to be. From the creators of the PBS-featured documentary film Israel Inside: How a Small Nation Makes a Big Difference, the film Beneath the Helmet illustrates how these young men and women are protecting not only their homes, but the shared values of peace, equality, opportunity, democracy, religious tolerance and women's rights. The lessons they learn along the way, are lessons that can be adapted, understood and appreciated by everyone. A documentary about the First Yale Unit, a group of Yale students who trained for World War I.  What happens when an uncontrollable virus turns the living into the living dead? Two years after the Produce Wars, gangs of renegades rove the countryside in search of greens. All they need is a leader. Three ordinary guys are thrust into a parallel world of an old Sci-Fi movie. Trapped in a low budget universe they must somehow fight their way home before it is too late. The exciting story of Sam, a broken man who after the world ends from a massive Meteor shower and the death of his son, is forced to survive underground. He and his trusted friend Troy along with a young female Rose, are thrust on a journey that takes them into the darkest parts of the underground world where they find themselves on the run with a crew of rag tag yet heavily armed rangers. Hunted down by mutated creatures, bandits and cannibals alike, their undeniable defiance to return home is challenged, and an honest story emerges to reveal the heart of friendship in the face of death. Broken Darkness is a tale of selflessness, friendship and courage. A relaunch of Suicide Squad (2016). Plot unknown. Prajwal, a happy-go-lucky college-goer, accidentally lands into a forbidden land, along with two unexpected partners, a drunkard and an insurance agent. The story then turns into a quasi-fantasy tale, mixing action, romance, comedy and all other possible genres. Cempaka, a respected warrior and highly respected in the world of martial is a great holder of lethal weapons, Golden Cane. Cempaka will pass the weapon to one of her students.  Murder and betrayal occurs before the martial world know who the heirs. Golden Cane fall into the wrong hands and can not be avoided, chaos ensued. The only person who can help take over the Golden Cane is the White Dragon Warrior, former spouse of Cempaka, which has long disappeared. After 27 bodies are discovered in a collapsed tunnel in Tijuana, a man tries to unravel the mystery before becoming the next victim. Deaf and mute since having his hearing knocked out at the age of 12, Asher has been training for almost two decades to avenge himself on Ivan, the man that killed his older brother, 21 years ago. And now that his nemesis is out of prison, he gets his chance. But Asher's target also happens to be his father. The film follows Xu Lai, a former artist whose dreams were dashed when the responsibilities of life set in. With his life now revolving around his wife Cai Bo who is obsessed with having children, the quirks of his eccentric family and his mediocre, ordinary existence, Xu Lai hopes to reconnect with his first love Yang YIi on an upcoming vacation. However, his hopes are dashed when he finds himself wrapped up in a murder investigation that proves truth is often stranger than fiction. While testing the latest first person shooter from global game developer, Sentinel, video game champion Max Troy discovers the events happening within the game are being reflected in the real world. He soon determines that the game's protagonist is real-life Orson Creed, an ex-Sentinel employee who is being remotely controlled by the corporation for reasons unknown. As virtual and real worlds collide, Max and Creed must join forces to unravel the conspiracy before the game's sinister events escalate and overwhelm the city.  Athena, The Goddess of War (2015) launches viewers into a universe filled with Gods and Goddesses, Humans and betrayals, love and redemption. When Zeus learns of a plan by Hades to enslave mankind and force them to fight alongside his army Zeus forges a key to restrict passage between the realms to protect mankind. Unfortunately, Hades one step ahead of Zeus has already sent his bride and Queen of the Underworld Persephone to earth to find the key to open the passage way to earth allowing Hades' evil and demonic creation called The Harbinger of Death to attack. The only thing standing between the impending invasion and certain annihilation of mankind is Athena, The Goddess of War and seven brave humans courageous enough to join the fight to save mankind. Festival favorite Huub Smit (New Kids Nitro; New Kids Turbo; Bros Before Hos) stars as a Dutch cop raised on far too many American action films in this outrageous action comedy. Offering only the finest amenities, the 'TITAN 1C' space-cruiser is considered the most luxurious star-liner ever built. Future spring-breakers on board are excited to be touring through space with some of the world's elite. However, a sudden meteor storm smashes into the hull, and a deadly biological alien life form is let loose on the ship.  Seeking a suitable host, the retrovirus successfully merges with some the passengers, transforming them into seemingly invincible predators with the "touch of death". As the ship is destroyed, the surviving passengers crash on a remote planet, and they learn that one of them is "infected". They must quickly band together before it has a chance to slaughter them all. High school friends reunite after many years to spend a weekend in the mountains, but when everything goes wrong, there is no time for girl bonding. A retired MMA world champion gets caught up in an underground fight club called the "Blood Circus" and must fight to survive and save his family. In 1962 China, Japanese warlords hold the power and are wielding it with no regard to ethics or propriety. Two private entities, the Nagoa Isam Transportation Company and the Bai Loon Forwarding Agency, have taken competition to the extreme, wreaking havoc and violence as a means to hold onto whatever sovereignty they may have. Loyalty no longer exists as residents watch out only for their own interests. Set 18 months after movie "Library Wars." After the government's enactment of the Media Betterment Act, battles wage between the Betterment Squads and the Library Defense. The Library Defense resists censorship and advocates freedom of expression. The biggest battle awaits for the Library Defense. A Trip Down Market Street is a 13-minute actuality film recorded by placing a movie camera on the front of a cable car as it travels down San Francisco's Market Street. A virtual time capsule from over 100 years ago, the film shows many details of daily life in a major American city, including the transportation, fashions and architecture of the era. The film begins at 8th Street and continues eastward to the cable car turntable, at The Embarcadero, in front of the San Francisco Ferry Building. It was produced by the four Miles brothers: Harry, Herbert, Earle and Joe. Harry J. Miles cranked the Bell & Howell camera during the filming. Sathyadev, who is on a career break, is forced to put on his cop shoes ones again to save Thenmozhi, a young woman who is the target of a criminal organ harvesting group, led by a ghost from his past. From the mind behind Evangelion comes a hit larger than life.  When a massive, gilled monster emerges from the deep and tears through the city, the government scrambles to save its citizens.  A rag-tag team of volunteers cuts through a web of red tape to uncover the monster's weakness and its mysterious ties to a foreign superpower.  But time is not on their side - the greatest catastrophe to ever befall the world is about to evolve right before their very eyes. A sleepy English village is invaded by the cast and crew of a new zombie horror film, but the horror turns real when someone or something starts tearing villagers, cast and crew to shreds. Masami is a guitarist who dreams of his band "Rhythm Head" winning the Grand Prix at the Japan Music Carnival. History, and the warlords of 16th century feudal Japan are the very last thing on his mind. But when Rhythm Head are performing in Nagoya, a mysterious lightning strike causes not only a power blackout, but also a "time slip", in which two of Japan's preeminent samurai-era figures, Nobunaga Oda and Hideyoshi Toyotomi are transported to present day Japan. To Rhythm Head's manager, the duo are the perfect vehicle for the band to transition to an idol group, increase their chances of becoming famous, winning accolades and taking away the Japan Music Carnival top prize. Could this be the beginning of a new type of music, courtesy of a brand new band Samurai Rock? Tom, an over-worked husband and father, abandons his dead-end job to follow his dream of owning his own business. The only problem: he invested everything in a mechanic shop that has a lien in favor of his arch enemy and must now enter a dirt track race to win the prize money and save his family from ruin. Din AKA Drango and Ayoi are two friends who are also con-men. Both of them came to Kulala Lumpur only to come across and old friend of them who is now a police officer. However, the two friends lives take a turn when they found a trash bag filled with cash in which they used to pay off their debt. But later they both discover that the money actually belong to a millionaire who wanted to use the money to save her kidnapped daughter. When a clique of teen girls, led by "scene queen" Ashley, begins bullying local girls to get attention on the internet, it's up to Jess, the girl who's videotaping their fights, to stand up to Ashley's bullying - or become a victim herself. Kyuta, a boy living in Shibuya, and Kumatetsu, a lonesome beast from Jutengai, an imaginary world. One day, Kyuta forays into the imaginary world and, as he's looking for his way back, meets Kumatetsu who becomes his spirit guide. That encounter leads them to many adventures. Freddie, a volatile, heavy-drinking veteran who suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder, finds some semblance of a family when he stumbles onto the ship of Lancaster Dodd, the charismatic leader of a new "religion" he forms after World War II. After a spectacular crash-landing on an uncharted planet, brash astronaut Leo Davidson finds himself trapped in a savage world where talking apes dominate the human race. Desperate to find a way home, Leo must evade the invincible gorilla army led by Ruthless General Thade. At the beginning of the 1990s, famous tomb explorer Hu Bayi decided to retire and move to the United States with his girlfriend Shirley. But before his wedding, Bayi discovers his first love Ding Shitian, who supposedly had died in the "One Hundred Cave" 20 years ago, is actually still alive. Together with Shirley and his old exploration partner, Bayi unravels a terrible millennium-old secret... It's not 1985 anymore...it's 1986, and Chuck Steel is 'the best God damn cop on the force' according to his long suffering boss, Captain Jack Schitt. But even this maverick, renegade, loose cannon, lone wolf, cop on the edge, who doesn't play by the rules has his work cut out when the Governor of LA decides to reduce the licensing hours for clubs and bars triggering a sudden, inexplicable spate of high profile disappearances in the city. The disappearances all have the same thing in common, a crime scene covered in blood but with no sign of the victim. The police are perplexed until they get a break in the case when one of the victims manages to escape. Chuck goes to interview the victim at the hospital but is confronted by a crazed old man who introduces himself as Abraham Van Rental. He warns a disbelieving Chuck that an evil scourge is about to descend on the city of Los Angeles - the scourge of the TRAMPIRES - a mutated hybrid of vampire and tramp. The story of a small .22 caliber gun ties together several episodes involving a cross-section of characters in the Caribbean underworld. It is said that a corpse should be exhumed and moved every 30 years to ensure continued fortune and prosperity for its descendants. As the time limit is nearing for his grandfather's corpse, TV station boss Kelvin Chow (Kelvin Kwan, Tales from the Dark 2) looks to Charlie Jiang (Yuen Biao), whose ancestors performed the ritual for the Chow family, to complete the task. When Jiang refuses, citing his belief that the ritual is unethical, Chow enlists Nicky and Boo to coerce him into it. However, a series of accidents causes the corpse to be delivered to and left at Chow's TV station, unleashing a bloodbath. When Tory Coro turns up dead, the neighborhood turns up silent. Rumor has it she became yet another victim of the small town known as FIGHT VALLEY. Tory's sister Windsor moves to town to begin her own investigation on her sister's mysterious death after weeks of no leads from the police. She's quick to learn that Tory fought for money to make ends meet. If girl-next-door Windsor is going to make her way into FIGHT VALLEY to find the truth about Tory, she's going to have to fight her way in. "Jabs" (Miesha Tate) swore she would never throw a punch in the Valley again. Jabs now finds herself training Windsor to survive the painful, unexpected path she's about to take. Every corner. Every alley. Every doorway. She must follow the last footsteps of her sister in order to come face-to-face with Tory's killer in FIGHT VALLEY. A Japanese martial artist Tomioka sends out the challenge letter to the world class martial artists all over the world to challenge them to become the strongest martial artist in the world. This is the Black &amp; White version of the Scott Shaw Zen Film, Cult Film Classic, Samurai Johnny Frankenstein Samurai Johnny Frankenstein is a Martial Art based Action Adventure that draws its influences from the Film Noir of the 1940s. This film finds Hollywood Private Investigator, Sam Rockmore (Scott Shaw) joing forces with Cyteck 342 AKA Hal (Kenneth H. Kim) who is a half man, half cyborg on a mission to rid Los Angeles of crime. On a remote Irish farm, five people become unwilling participants in an experiment that goes nightmarishly wrong. Kung Pow Charlie Osborn (Paul Ohlman) is all talk and no action until he crosses paths with a reclusive goat farmer named Mr. Shutaki (Tony Cacaro) who is rumored to be a martial arts master. After receiving a beating for ridiculing a local squadron of deadly ninjas and losing his girlfriend Cindy (Tara Kiely) in the process, Charlie decides to seek out Shutaki in hopes of learning his closely guarded fighting techniques. Can Mr. Shutaki's unique brand of Kung fu training bring Charlie the revenge he so desperately craves, or will it only teach him more than he ever wanted to know about himself and the strange old hermit? Exploding with action and epic fight sequences, Kung Pow Charlie is a pure blast of adrenaline and laughs sprinkled with a heavy dose of insanity....... martial arts style! Dream Line is a documentary about the magical power of dreams. It tells the story of professional skier Ptor Spricenieks' life as a skier and adventurer, follows an astonishing spiritual and physical journey, and shows that dreams can come reality. The film revolves around a recent expedition to Pakistan where some of the world's best big-mountain skiers together climb and ski the Gashot Peak, a magnificent adventure in a mind-blowing environment. It is an important milestone in the fascinating life of Ptor, which contains elements of physical achievements and spiritual coincidences that can only be explained by the power of dreaming. New Mexico, present day. Brian and Lukas are off to the desert to join a kegger party and to celebrate Lukas' victory in a motocross competition. His winning prize includes meeting The  Deathinator, the biggest action star in the world. The party  gets started under the hot desert sun, but Brian isn't in the mood, so he wanders off and is soon joined by his friend, Lukas. They discover something strange in the desert which leads them into a secret military laboratory, where they discover the disturbing truth of what the government has been doing. Secret experiments on ants and spiders using DNA found in a meteorite which fell to Earth in 1951 has given birth to mutated giant ants which have overrun the facility. Now, it's up to Brian and Lukas to save the  world from a giant ant invasion! By 1933, Prohibition has proven a booming enterprise, where average citizens break the law, hide in the shadows and operate at night. The new world order has even lined the pockets of corrupt cops like Jack Malone. He collects a 'luxury tax' from every bootlegger and scofflaw in the small town he has sworn to protect. While shaking down the newest speakeasy in the local underground, Jack and his men uncover a clan of vampires hell bent on taking over the town. Now Chesterfield, an ancient vampire, and his horde must hide their secret at any cost. The bloody result leaves several bodies and innocent townsfolk taken as lambs to await the slaughter. With nowhere else to turn, Jack joins forces with a busboy and a crazy preacher to save the town and make a final stand against Chesterfield and his vampires. Eren leaves to restore a break in the wall destroyed by a Titan. He comes under attack by the Titans and is cornered. Shikishima comes to his aid. The titans never stops attacking.  Eren is now injured and tries to protect Armin, but is swallowed by a titan. A Titan with black hair appears and begins to expel the other titans. When Amy has nowhere to go for winter break, her friend Christine insists she come stay with her family. What begins as a dream situation turns into a nightmare when Amy starts to obsess and wreak havoc on her welcoming hosts. Stars Beth Littleford, Kate Mansi. Northern England, 1912. The dinner of a wealthy family is interrupted by Inspector Goole, who only announces that a young woman has committed suicide. Then, he simply asks everyone present, one by one, if they knew her. An empathic vagrant sees the horror that's discarded with the trash. Mark is a nomad fighter who is taken in the backseat of a car to fight in underground combats. He meets Sandy, a young and beautiful prostitute who shares his same desire: forget the pain and begin their lives from zero. But Mark's past will catch up to him, putting in danger Sandy, his escape plan, and all the people who surround him. Kubo mesmerizes the people in his village with his magical gift for spinning wild tales with origami. When he accidentally summons an evil spirit seeking vengeance, Kubo is forced to go on a quest to solve the mystery of his fallen samurai father and his mystical weaponry, as well as discover his own magical powers. When the Muslim princess Ameera is kidnapped by a local crime syndicate, undercover cop Lt. Jamal Razul a.k.a Magnum  is given the task of getting her back. Aided by fellow officer Joselito Ibanez, Razul discovers that there's more to the kidnapping than mere ransom. The kids are going about their lives like other children, at times finding it difficult to control their powers. It is only during a school trip when they run into the mysterious circus performer, Erma , that things start to heat up. It's been six years since that summer adventure when Taichi Yagami and the rest of the DigiDestined crossed over to the Digital World. And nearly three years have passed since the final battle between Hikari Yagami's group and BelialVamdemon. As the peaceful days passed by, at some point the gate to the Digital World closed. Not even the DigiDestined know what caused this, and time alone continues to pass. Following his confrontation with the nefarious DOA organization, Ken (Chow Yun Fat) is looking forward to going back to enjoying his retirement. His rest is cut abruptly short when his protege Vincent (Shawn Yue), who's now working for Interpol, asks for Ken's help in taking down the real mastermind behind DOA, Aoi. The two head to Thailand, where DOA's former chief accountant Mark (Nick Cheung) has escaped with his daughter. Saravanan runs a company that supplies man power to political meetings and campaigns. He falls in love with Maya when they meet by chance. Saravanan's father has three sisters who have an enmity with him. How Saravanan unites his father with his sisters forms the crux of the story. Twin brothers who have been cat-and-mouse right from inside their mother's womb get separated when they are young. What happens to their enmity once they meet again? This is the story of two school boys who are aspiring musicians, meeting by fluke and falling in love along the way to a music competition. An He (Chinese name translates to "River") is a musical genius who is experiencing writer's block. Xiao Yu (translates to "Little Fish" in Chinese) is a rich kid who runs away from home. Both have their own challenges in school and in life. Will they be able to overcome their own insecurities and achieve their dreams? Ji-hyuk is an expert safe-cracker who lives the highlife stealing antiques and jewelry with his team. CHO, a powerful and cruel gang boss threatens them to steal $150 million with him. Ji-hyuk plans to get revenge on CHO, but ends up falling into his trap. However, CHO later realizes it was all part of Ji-hyuk's scheme. When Ji-hyuk, who was thought dead, reappears, hidden secret relations between the technicians also surface. A band of medieval mercenaries take revenge on a noble lord who decides not to pay them by kidnapping the betrothed of the noble's son. As the plague and warfare cut a swathe of destruction throughout the land, the mercenaries hole up in a castle and await their fate. The story of the post World War II Jewish refugee situation from liberation to the establishment of the modern state of Israel. After her daughter is kidnapped, a lawyer is forced to defend a criminal in exchange for her daughter's freedom. Hanou est un petit macaque du Clan de la Montagne. Ce Clan domine l'antique cite indienne de Vijaynagar. Hanou vient d'etre chasse par les siens. Seul face au monde des hommes, il trouve sur sa route Tom, le fils d'un archeologue ecossais, et lui la vie. Tom est venu au Royaume des Singes afin de mettre fins aux agissements des trafiquants d'oeuvres d'art qui le pillent et Hanou compte bien l'aider... The winner of a political reality show makes a simple man a national hero. When an old-school bar owner and his unruly daughter get caught up in a cat-and-mouse game of corporate espionage, it will take brains, brawn and help from the lesser of two evils to make it out alive. Jane is a beautiful but troubled American girl backpacking through Japan, when her raw street fighting skills draw the attention of Oshima, Japanese karate champion, who recruits and trains her to fight in the vicious, all-female, underground martial arts tournament known as "The Kumite". After months of rigorous preparation, Jane is ready to face off against the deadliest female fighters in the world, including Ling, the Chinese apprentice of Oshima's nemesis. But other nefarious forces lie in the shadows, and Jane and Ling will have to unite on a journey that will take them from the gritty underworld of Hong Kong to the glitz of Macao, before deciding who really is the best female fighter on the planet. A New Yorker's (James Mason) mistress (Ava Gardner) drives his wife (Barbara Stanwyck) to a war hero; then someone kills the mistress. A conman gains the power to see and communicate with ghosts and decides to use it to make money. His happy-go-lucky lifestyle goes for a toss when a ghost who is his look-alike approaches him with an offer. A small-time hooligan hired to kill a girl and an aspiring movie actor find themselves in the wrong place due to a mix-up. Now, the gangster who ordered the hit is after all the three of them. Commander Stevenson, suffering from unrequited love drives to the coast while very drunk and interrupts some smugglers and informs Scotland Yard. Gary Hart, former Senator of Colorado, becomes the front-runner for the Democratic presidential nomination in 1987. Hart's intelligence, charisma and idealism makes him popular with young voters, leaving him with a seemingly clear path to the White House. All that comes crashing down when allegations of an extramarital affair surface in the media, forcing the candidate to address a scandal that threatens to derail his campaign and personal life. The season turns to autumn. The fight of the protagonist and his group S.E.E.S. with the strange monsters called 'Shadows' is getting closer to the end. Makoto and his allies engage in life-or-death battles with Shadows in order to end the Dark Hour. Through the battles, some must face the deaths of friends and family, some must notice what precious things must be protected, and some must find meaning in the battles that have occurred.  In front of Makoto, the mysterious transfer student Ryouji Mochizuki appears. When the group greets a new morning, the gears of fate begin to turn. A fight revolving around each of the heroes' bonds begins... What if the Surrealists were living today, in Berlin? Lexia, a Bosnian vagabond, comes to Berlin to become an artist. But she finds what she's never had. A family. Elixir is a story about love, art and fear. Part crime caper gone awry, part survival horror film, this 1970s set thriller depicts a harrowing fight for survival after a pair of wannabe crooks botch a bank heist and flee into the desert, where they inexplicably stumble upon Carnage Park, a remote stretch of wilderness occupied by a psychotic ex-military sniper. Set in a futuristic Japan after the end of a brutal world war, science has advanced by leaps and bounds giving humanity the choice to prolong life and reduce suffering with the use of sophisticated cybernetics. With all of humanity linked into one system of minds and personalities known as ghosts, the biggest threat to civilization is the cyber terrorists capable of hijacking people's bodies and memories. When a ghost-infecting virus known as Fire-Starter begins spreading through the system resulting in the assassination of the Japanese Prime Minister, Major Motoko Kusanagi and her elite team of special operatives are called in to track down its source. As they delve deeper and deeper into their investigation, they uncover traces of government corruption and a shadowy broker that bears an all-too-familiar face.  The film is a continuation to the plot of the Pyrophoric Cult episode of Arise, and ties up loose ends from that arc. Direct Ishq is a love triangle where Dolly Pandey is the common love interest of Kabeer Bajpai an event organiser and Vicky Shukla President of Kashi Vidyapeeth. After finding his brother murdered after returning from duty, Webster searches for the perpetrators, but discovers a conspiracy that cuts deep inside the U.S. government. A new action horror film by writer/director Kelly D. Weaver. In the vein of Blue Exorcist, Black Lagoon and a little bit of Supernatural. A group of hunters known as "The Night Shift" are funded by the government sets out to take on all cases dealing with the creatures of the night. Vampires, Werewolves, Demons and Succubus rule Crescent City. It's up to the Night Shift to take the city back. Pilot Captain Salih Ekrem is a young air officer and one of the first Ottoman pilots. Marcus is not having a good day. He never seems to have a good day. He has to smash in his rear window just to get out of his Volkswagen Beetle, having parked it too close between two other cars. He has to do all the dirty work in the office, while his spoiled rich kid colleague cooks the books for profit and shamelessly flirts with all his female co-workers. He's attracted to his next-door neighbor who gets beaten and cheated upon by her boyfriend, but she doesn't want to leave him. And he gets robbed at knife-point right outside his apartment building. Marcus manages to take the knife and chase away his attacker, but not before he gets stabbed in the shoulder. The incident awakens something dark in Marcus. He becomes a man with a mission, determined to set right all the injustice done to him. But ones the blood starts flowing, there's no going back. In the post-apocalyptic future, reigning tyrannical supercomputers teleport a cyborg assassin known as the "Terminator" back to 1984 to kill Sarah Connor, whose unborn son is destined to lead insurgents against 21st century mechanical hegemony. Meanwhile, the human-resistance movement dispatches a lone warrior to safeguard Sarah. Can he stop the virtually indestructible killing machine? Auggie runs a small tobacco shop in Brooklyn, New York. The whole neighborhood comes to visit him to buy cigarettes and have some small talk. During the movie Lou Reed tries to explain why he has to have a cut on his health insurance bill if he keeps smoking and Madonna acts as a Singing Telegram. The conclusion to the epic urban saga of 'The Lies We Tell...' Roni seeks revenge on Tank because she feels as if Tank had something to do with Bri being shot. So she takes matters into her own hands. 15-year old schoolboy Denis and the nun Clotilde fall in love with each other. During the war the two of them take shelter at an abandoned farm and live happily together until the locals start to become suspicious. Kara Murat is a dark-haired, brave and strong young raider. He is a warrior who could run into the Byzantine army just by himself and change the course of the battle fought in Serbia between Ottoman and Byzantine empires. He patrols the Ottoman borders along with the raiders and catches the attention of The Byzantine. During the battle, Kara Murat proves to be such a brave and fearless man. He would then do his best to defend his land, his people, Ottoman Empire and his family. Orhan Celebi, younger brother of Sultan Murat only aims for the throne. However, Sultan Murat leaves the throne to his son and a new era begins with Sultan Mehmet: A young, brave and believing man. The ones who think Sultan Mehmet is weak take advantage of this and they come up with evil plans. A virus spreads through an office complex causing white collar workers to act out their worst impulses. A paranormal adventure story told through still image photography and audio. At the crossroads of two great ancient empires, a simple shepherd named David transforms into a powerful warrior and takes on a terrifying giant. One of history's most legendary battles is retold in a stylistic, bloody tale of courage and faith. Dubbed the "Five Tigers", Malaysian actors Melvin Sia, Henley Hii, Hero Tai, Rayz Lim and Billy Ng portray secondary school students who end up joining gangs for different reasons, including protection from bullies, financial problems, power struggles and various other temptations. Jeckie Farnish is a level-headed young woman, unlike her spoiled younger sister, Rushie. When the sisters become involved with charming businessman Charles Mortimer, the resulting tragedy leads to a lust for revenge on Rushie's part. However, Jeckie knows that she can always turn to reliable Joe Bartle in times of need. In a time of corruption, four brothers are deputized to apprehend the man behind all of it. Until everything goes terribly wrong. A girl wakes up after a night spent with a man in an elegant room of a palace on the outskirts of the city. The girl gets into her car, drives off, goes through villages, fields, into the forest. On the road, there is a log blocking her way. The girl pulls the log onto the side of the road. A truck approaches from behind and starts aggressively pursuing her. Old meets new when a dance instructor takes on a group of kids from the streets. They have a new style of dance but need the old school technique. Caught up in a world of drug lords and thugs, it is difficult for the young dancers to not be sucked back in to their former lifestyle. If they can rise to the challenge it will be an Evolution. 1963 Military Industrialist Arthur Blackmark must race against the clock to stop an international incident which threatens to end the world. Creepy found- footage horror about a grad student whose research into video chat culture quickly takes a dark and unsettling turn. Starring Melanie Papalia (2016)(74 mins). When an explosion at a top-secret government lab injures an elderly janitor, no one could have expected the terrifying results. Exposure to mysterious chemicals causes him to undergo a bizarre transformation. He is slowly... incredibly... growing younger every day. Now, a ruthless CIA assassin will stop at nothing to take him prisoner and turn him into a government guinea pig. With his future on the line, the janitor goes on the run with his wife and a feisty female agent. All the while, he continues to transform... into a being with powers that are as deadly as they are unimaginable. Three survivors are stalked by someone connected to their past. This time they're ready for a fight. Al Roberts, a New York nightclub pianist, hitch-hikes to Hollywood to meet his girlfriend Sue. The gambler he's riding with, Charles, unexpectedly dies. Afraid the police wouldn't believe the truth, Al takes the man's identity. In a gas station, he gives a lift to Vera, a woman that knew Charles and blackmails Al with tragic consequences. Set in the '50s in a movie theatre showing a serial called "Space Patrol," this particular episode being "Back from the Future." The evil scientist on the serial goes back to the '50s and his crew members have to chase him. Meanwhile at the theatre, patrons busy themselves doing strange things. An alien has landed and is eliminating theatre staff and patrons. After his beloved fiancee is killed by demons, Yi Gwak (Woo-sung Jung) joins the royal demon-hunting squad and distinguishes himself as a great hero. And though Yi eventually falls in battle, his adventures are just beginning. His spirit is whisked away to Joong-cheon, a place between heaven and earth where souls await reincarnation -- and where the final, epic clash between the forces of good and evil will be played out. A film depicting the brutally disfigured cultural narrative of a land with the most enviable cultural heritage highlighting the heroic struggle of a few unsung heroes during 2009 Swat Insurgency.  The entertaining and often hilarious story of BacoVision, a video series created by demented BMXers from Wisconsin. Greta's dad Tom is moving the family cross-country in a dented station wagon, promising a California paradise to his kids. All that's missing is Mom. Horror/Comedy that takes place in a movie theater as patrons watch the trailers of B Movie trailers. People dressed up as dogs make weird things. A millionaire and his wife are shipwrecked after a yachting accident with their former servant, Manuel. Suddenly a couple of small plastic rings appear on the beach of Guethary along the west coast of France. Every day there are more and more, hundreds of thousands. Francois Verdet rides the waves of this beach all year long. He is shocked. The surfer sees these little plastic things for the first time in his life. Where do they come from? Francois cannot sleep until he finds out their origin... When a former CIA operative is kidnapped by a group of terrorists, his son learns there is no plan for his father to be saved--so he launches his own rescue operation. A gentle widower, enraged at Nazi atrocities against his peaceful Norwegian fishing village, escapes to Britain and returns leading a commando force against the oppressors. A corrupt cop gets himself transferred to Hyderabad where he has a change of heart while trying to teach his estranged but dutiful father a lesson. In this MGM Colortone Musical short, a department store custodian who overindulges in drink sees the mannequins in the store's display windows come to life. On 31st October 1984, Prime Minister of India gets assassinated by her Sikh Security Guards. Politicians use this incident to spark public hatred towards the Sikhs labeling them as traitors. Devender Singh and his family are stuck in their house as their city plummets. In 24 hours of uncertain oscillations, helplessness and with their relatives dying and neighbors turning hostile, Devender's family seek help from their Hindu friends who live across town. As Pal, Tilak, and Yogesh travel to save Devender's family, they come face-to-face with the destruction of humanity. They witness the carnage and the moral corruption that makes men turn into savages. In their attempt at ferrying Devender's family to safety, Pal, Tilak, and Yogesh must face their own demons first. An egocentric businessman awakens deep in the woods to find he has been abducted by a subversive group of bloodthirsty vampires disguised and living among us. He must not only escape their clutches, but save his beloved girlfriend before time, the truth, and his kidnappers catch up with him. In a madcap future era, the world's greatest secret agent struggles to rescue his young son from the clutches of his infamous former mentor. When economic Apocalypse strikes America, students at the elite Hopkins House Academy take matters into their own hands by launching an anarchist plot to halt the collapse and save the country. There are worlds, there are humans and there are Others. But there is only one Time which is the border between worlds. What if time breaks down? Reminiscence based on true events and physics, telling the story of a couple that trying to experiment the unproved parallel time and black-hole theories. They traveled to a town called Cesme for their research. But what they will face is much beyond the human mind. A quantum physics professor is forced to take action after being drugged by the shaman of a Jewish cult who wants him to come back home and become the man he once was. Aging sidekick Lefty Brown has ridden with Eddie Johnson his entire life. But when a rustler kills Eddie, Lefty is forced from his partner's shadow and must confront the ugly realities of frontier justice. In a quiet countryside farmhouse, Britain's vampires gather for their once-every-fifty-years meeting. Others will be joining them too; Sebastian Crockett, an unwitting Essex boy who thinks he's on a promise with sexy cougar Vanessa; and a detachment of Special Forces vampire killers who have bitten off more than they can chew. This is certainly going to be a night to remember... and for some of them it will be their last. Upcoming Directed by S Ezhil, Music by D Imman. The plot centres around Wu Tang villain, Abbot White, who wants to destroy the Shaolin monks and become supreme martial artist. In order to do so, he teams up with a clan of Ninjas, led by three masters - gold lame ninja, white mustachioed ninja and black ninja - and succeeds in destroying the Shaolin temple and most of its inhabitants. However, there are some survivors. It is their job to pass on the knowledge of the Shaolin finger jab to a new generation, who must defeat the ninjas and Abbott White if peace and order is to be restored. Yushan at the foot of a town, the old factory accident found an old tomb, the news spread,  not only caused widespread concern in the archaeological community, but also attracted the attention of the Tomb of the gang. By 2017, the global economy has collapsed and American society has become a totalitarian police state, censoring all cultural activity. The government pacifies the populace by broadcasting a number of game shows in which convicted criminals fight for their lives, including the gladiator-style The Running Man, hosted by the ruthless Damon Killian, where "runners" attempt to evade "stalkers" and certain death for a chance to be pardoned and set free. In an alternate timeline, Ken, Lobang and Wayang King are transferred to the Naval Diving Unit (NDU) and have to overcome obstacles and personal issues to grow as people. Mathimaran, a police constable, wants to do something worthy of his job and stumbles upon an organ trafficking ring run by Durai that is exploiting immigrant labourers. But, with Durai's connections inside the force and in politics going deep, can the cop succeed? Meredith Hendricks happens to be the best cop in her quiet town on Lake Tahoe. When a black-market exotic species dealer named Clint is paroled from prison, something he let loose begins to make its presence known. Swimmers and land-lovers alike begin to become part of the food chain at an unbelievable rate. Meredith and her team discover that they're not just hunting one eating machine, but a whole family of them. Not everyone will make it out alive, but those who do will never forget this summer at Shark Lake. Shivam is a Police thriller, with Biju Menon in the lead, and Shaji Kailas comes back to associate with Revathy Kalamandhir. The theme involves administration of Vigilante justice with the hero taking law into his own hands and bcoming an anti-hero in the process. Hari (Ram), a DJ in Vizag, proposes to many girls none of them accept his love. One day he sees a beautiful girl Sailaja (Keerthi Suresh) and also impresses her but doesn't propose to her fearing that he would be rejected. Hari spends some good times with Sailaja and right when he proposes his love, she rejects him point blank. An upset Ravi continues with his life and as time passes by, he gets a huge clue which could help him getting back his love. "GAME" is about Abhimanyu (JEET), an army man and a secret DIA agent, who returns to Kolkata on vacation. He has a loving family who wish to get him married to Trisha (Subhashree) a girl The explosive follow-up to We Still Kill The Old Way (2014). Regarded as the best in the business, The Archer Gang is an aging criminal outfit who carry out a daring robbery, but are caught mid-heist.  They are sentenced to do time in Britain's toughest prison.  Once inside, they encounter their old nemesis Slick Vic Farrow (Billy Murray) who is intent on murdering the gang.  The old-school criminals need to use all their wits to stage a daring escape, while dodging Slick Vic, and setting in motion a chain of events which leads to an explosive prison riot. After twenty years in prison, Foley is finished with the grifter's life. When he meets an elusive young woman named Iris, the possibility of a new start looks real. But his past is proving to be a stubborn companion.  John Wick is forced out of retirement by a former associate looking to seize control of a shadowy international assassins' guild. Bound by a blood oath to aid him, Wick travels to Rome and does battle against some of the world's most dangerous killers.  The Great British Mortgage Swindle stands as a damning indictment of the sheer scale and state-sanctioned brutality of the institutionalised mortgage fraud running rampant on the shores of Britain. Without warning a father comes to visit his daughter abroad. He believes that she lost her humor and therefore surprises her with a rampage of jokes. Two exceptional bell hops are forced to work together to save the day when a group of thieves attempt an art heist at their hotel. With the space program attempting to travel to Mars, 21st century scientists were tasked with warming up the planet so that humans could survive on its surface. They came up with an efficient and cost effective plan of sending cockroaches and mold to the surface so that the mold would absorb the sunlight and the insect corpses would serve as a food source for the mold.  It is now the year 2577 and the first manned ship to Mars has landed on the planet and the six crew members are ready for their mission. But what they find are giant mutated humanoid cockroaches with incredible physical strength. The crew members are easily wiped out, but not before sending a transmission back to Earth. Now, humanity will send elite warriors to exterminate the mutated bugs and claim back Mars. The insurgence of substance abuse among the young in the Indian state of Punjab through the stories of a rock star, a migrant laborer, a doctor and a policeman. Subhiksha tells Vinod, the guy who is wooing her, that she will say 'yes' to him if he beats up an international boxer. Why does she say so, and what does the boxer have to do with Vinod? A modern day love story. A rookie cop is tasked with shadowing Officer Downe, a no-nonsense LAPD cop with regenerative powers, as he wages an ultra-violent war against the nefarious villains of Los Angeles. For one month every year, five highly competitive friends hit the ground running in a no-holds-barred game of tag they've been playing since the first grade. This year, the game coincides with the wedding of their only undefeated player, which should finally make him an easy target. But he knows they're coming...and he's ready. On a deep space mining mission to a remote planet, an ancient religious relic - thought to be proof of the existence of God - is unearthed and brought aboard. When the unholy artifact unleashes a long-dormant alien race, its glimpse of Heaven transforms the ship into a living Hell. A prequel to the events of the 2008 video game Dead Space. A group of teens faces various horrors in a secluded provincial town. Ambrose's nasty temper gets him in trouble when he accidentally puts his boss's attractive daughter in danger. An ex-SAS recluse, living in the mountains of France to escape a traumatic past, is hunted down by those who's lives he has destroyed. Asterix and Obelix have to win the Olympic Games in order to help their friend Alafolix marry Princess Irina (portrayed by supermodel Vanessa Hessler). Brutus (Benoit Poelvoorde) uses every trick in the book to have his own team win the game, and get rid of his father Julius Caesar (Alain Delon) in the process. A freedom fighter betrayed by his best friend is reborn along with him in the modern era and is guided by a magical book that also hints this might not be his second birth. Overview Coming Soon... Three small-time criminals take up an offer to rob one of the biggest jewellery shops in the city. Will they be successful in their attempt, given that the store's owner, a ruthless man, is aware of the plan? A revolutionary is sentenced to death for his anti-national activities. And so begins a battle of wits between the prison officer and his comrades, who try to rescues him with the help of the reluctant hangman who has been selected to deliver the punishment. A vicious gang war for drug dominance draws in a disturbed Special Forces veteran John Bradley. Trying to adjust to normal life and haunted by inner demons of a violent past, the underworld's retribution on his last connection to humanity, a daughter and grandchild leads to a descent of fury and violence that not even the brutality of gangland is prepared for. Gamers enter virtual reality video game contest for money only to realize things are not the way they seem. While on a covert mission, two cold blooded mercenaries form an unlikely bond as they race across the desert in the dead of night. When their violent and desperate world implodes, past atrocities come to the surface threatening to tear each of them apart. Dramatic, moving and deeply human, ARMSTRONG offers the definitive life story of Neil Armstrong: from his childhood in Ohio to his first steps on the Moon, and beyond. Red Cow is a coming-of-age film that takes place in the days leading up to the assassination of Rabin and depicts the life of Benny, 16, orphaned from mother at birth and the only child of Joshua - a religious, right-wing extremist, in those critical junctures when she is forming her sexual, religious and political awareness. This action thriller narrates the tale of Gunpowder (RMD) and Timipre (Olu Jacobs), two natives of Oloibiri, the town where oil was first discovered in commercial quantity in Nigeria.  Gunpowder engages in violent struggle in protest to the squalid living conditions in his community despite their oil wealth; accusing Timipre's generation of doing nothing whilst their land was exploited and plundered. (Amarachukwu Iwuala) A ragtag group of former TV stars and comic book artists who make their living working at conventions decide to steal the loot from a crooked promoter and an overbearing former TV icon.  An enforcer for the mob enacts revenge on those who wronged her. After a nuclear war decimated the northern hemisphere, the surviving population in the south become desperate and violent competing for scarce resources. Society crumbles and an infectious bacteria threatens to destroy those who remain. In an attempt to rebuild civilization, a self appointed government called 'The ORDER' distributed an immunization to the bacteria, via a massive Electro-Macnetic Pulse (EMP). Secretly, the Order also delivered a bio-tech virus through the EMP, giving them the power to control the population. One man remains immune to the Order's virus - Jake Slater. Now Jake scavenges the wasteland searching for a way to keep his unconscious daughter alive, unaware she is the last child on Earth, and the key to the survival of mankind. Based on a Vertigo Comic Series. Bengali Film A conman faces his biggest threat when he is in urgent need for a lump sum and a policeman is after him to catch him red handed. On August 16, 2013, the Supreme Court mandated the CIA to declassify files that had been kept secret for the past 75 years. Visual records of documented paranormal events were released to the public. The following incident took place in Gracefield, Quebec. The special bond that develops between plus-sized inflatable robot Baymax, and prodigy Hiro Hamada, who team up with a group of friends to form a band of high-tech heroes. About the extraordinary doctors and activists--including Paul Farmer, Jim Yong Kim, and Ophelia Dahl--whose work 30 years ago to save lives in a rural Haitian village grew into a global battle in the halls of power for the right to health for all. A twist on the classic game of Mafia. 12 competitors take part in a game of life and death where the innocent must take out the Mafia in order to win the cash prize. Those that are voted out must face their biggest fears in a computer simulation. Charlie is a fireman who always does everything wrong. A man talks the Fire Chief into ignoring his burning home (he wants the insurance money) unaware that his daughter (the love of the Chief) is upstairs in the house. When the house next door catches fire its owner rouses Charlie who rouses the force. A group of mercenaries hired as contract killers are hunted down by the Mafia, the Yakuza, the Russian Mob, and the Tongs all at once. With nowhere else to hide, a group of mercenaries and their prisoners take cover inside a long abandoned Bulldog tank. But, while they try to keep the forces outside at bay, the real enemy is already among them, locked inside the 'Belly of the Bulldog'. After collaborating closely with Ben Wheatley on FREE FIRE, HIGH-RISE, A FIELD IN ENGLAND and KILL LIST, director Nick Gillespie makes his feature debut. At early 16th century a priest joins the spanish conquerros in order to bring christianity to the indios. The expedition is murdered by the indios, only the priest is sparred. Santiago, the priest, first tries to continue christianization, but finally becomes one of them - until the Spaniards return. A chemical accident turns ordinary donuts into blood thirsty killers. Now it's up to Johnny, Michelle and Howard to save their sleepy town from...Killer Donuts. Baaz is the story of SP Inder Pal Singh Sidhu. Sidhu is a man on a mission. With complete honesty and full determination, he vows to fight against evil. The movie focuses on the political influence and corruption prevailing in Police. It revolves around Darbara Singh, a businessman cum leader, who is a drug mafia and uses his influence to run his illegal activities right under the nose of Police. Universal Century 0068, Side 3 - The Autonomous Republic of Munzo. Zeon Zum Deikun attempts to declare complete independence of Munzo from the Earth Federation Government, while he preaches the evolutionary potential of humans who have advanced into outer space. Deikun however suddenly falls to his death in the middle of his speech at parliament. Upon Deikun's death, Jimba Ral spreads word of a House of Zabi conspiracy - but despite such efforts the power and sphere of influence of House of Zabi, led by Degwin Sodo Zabi, only seem to escalate. While we witness for the first time the untold convulsions of Universal Century history, Casval and Artesia, just bereaved of their father, must face destinies which will be just as tumultuous as the very era itself. Doglegs is a cheerfully iconoclastic underground scene where the disabled battle the able-bodied - all in the name of exploding stereotypes. When the disabled champ seeks life and love beyond the ring, his idol, the able-bodied organizer, tries to sabotage his bid for independence. In a battle of the human spirit, can the power of disability win our hero his dreamgirl? After losing a major fight, a professional MMA fighter returns home from Vegas, where he reunites with various individuals from his past - including a father/son duo who recruit him to engage in their daring bank heists. Nioumoune Island, Senegal. Boniface, a young priest torn between his desires, escapes from his parish. The edge of his makeshift boat, it crosses a disturbing maze of mangroves. In search of freedom, he began a journey that will confront his past, his hidden desires and the vastness of the Mauritanian desert. Grindsploitation 4 is going to be nastier than ever, more shocking, more gore, more blood. Killer faux grindhouse film trailers a homage to the video nasty era of films. Framed for crimes against the country, the G.I. Joe team is terminated by Presidential order. This forces the G.I. Joes into not only fighting their mortal enemy Cobra; they are forced to contend with threats from within the government that jeopardize their very existence. In the heart of downtown Seattle, a diverse group of men and women will come together to climb out of homelessness and drug addiction through an unorthodox recovery program that uses mountain climbing as a means of rehabilitation. After one year of intense physical and mental conditioning, the team will attempt to summit one of the most dangerous mountains in the country, Mt. Rainier. In the 1930s, the gangster pair Bonnie Parker and Clyde Barrow began robbing banks in U.S. cities until they were eventually killed in a police shoot-out. After the FBI receives a threat that endangers the entire city, an interrogator and an I.T. specialist are plunged into a series of mind games with a criminal mastermind, desperately racing against time to uncover the villain's true agenda as they fight to protect thousands of lives. Thomas leads his group of escaped Gladers on their final and most dangerous mission yet. To save their friends, they must break into the legendary Last City, a WCKD-controlled labyrinth that may turn out to be the deadliest maze of all. Anyone who makes it out alive will get answers to the questions the Gladers have been asking since they first arrived in the maze.  1970's pop culture icons Danny Bonaduce and Barry Williams face off in the hunt for the legendary mountain creature. Jason wants to be taken more seriously as an actor, so he asks his friend Kevin Smith for advice, and decides to become a method actor. Trouble is, being a method actor drives him mad and he slowly becomes a serial killer. On a fateful evening in a Seattle dive bar, Josh Kuntz and a group of social outcasts put on a faux wrestling show to a crowd of enthusiastic bartenders. With crude language and satirical monikers, the guys "beat" the pulp out of each other in a clumsy ballet, earning cheers from the crowd. That evening, the Seattle Semi-Pro Wrestlers were born. Ash, Pikachu, and their friends come to a desert city by the sea. Here they meet the Mythical Pokemon Hoopa, which has the ability to summon things--including people and Pokemon--through its magic rings. After a scary incident, they learn of a story about a brave hero who stopped the rampage of a terrifying Pokemon long ago. Now, the threat that has been bottled up for years is in danger of breaking loose again.  Dev decides to give Maria and her uncle a lesson for duping his friend. A detective investigates a forgery ring in historical Korea. In the 19th year of Jeonjo's reign, Kim Min, Joseon's top detective, who used to be a King's secret messenger, has been banished to a remote island for some unclear reasons. The only visitors are his old partner, Seo-pil and a young girl, who comes every day to ask him to find her younger sibling. In the meantime, Kim Min happens to hear a rumor that bogus silver bars have been being distributed, which awakens his dormant traits as a detective. Hisako, a beautiful, mysterious woman with her identity unknown, continuously interferes the investigation conducted by this excellent pair of detectives.  Making a big wave dream come true. Ocean Driven is a true and gripping story that chronicles the development of South African big wave surfer Chris Bertish. His single minded pursuit of his dreams and refusal to let seemingly insurmountable obstacles stand in his way, culminates with his winning the world's premiere big wave surfing competition at Mavericks in California 2010. Moments after nearly drowning, Bertish takes the world by storm in the largest waves ever seen there. Ocean Driven is a tale of overcoming obstacles and fears, redefining possible, and empowering viewers to never give up in pursuit of their dreams. Ocean Driven features countless big wave legends, ocean specialists, and breathtaking images. A psychopathic psychiatrist sets out to murder Batman, for the sole purpose of spending her days with her 'true love'.  Brian Barnes (Johnny Messner) wakes up in the desert wounded and with no memory and no idea why he's surrounded by eight bodies, a van with four million in cash and a van full of cocaine. Brian is pursued by not only notorious drug lord Danny Perez (Danny Trejo) who desperately want his money back, and DEA Agent Rooker (Dolph Lundgren), but also a by the corrupt Sheriff Olson (Michael Pare) who will stop at nothing to get his hand on the new found fortune. On the run, Brian discovers the more he remembers the less he wants to know about who he really is. 2034, Japan is divided into North and South parts. In the South, people live a peaceful life, while conflicts are going on in the North. For Yoriko, a nurse in the North, her sole consolation is to visit where she can access her late daughter's lifetime information. One day, Yoriko is abducted, but she learns that dead individual's total memories are preserved as  in the South,a nd that her daughter is still alive in that form. Although the title appears to allude to the alleged Malaysian political phenomenon, the director has denied the insinuation. The cast includes the "Bengal Andy," (Md Shakhawat Hossain Nirab), comedian Saiful Apek, Dato David Arumugam, Zhu Yu-six, female tattooist Kiniki, Singapore artist Ai Dika (Atikah Suhaime), "Laozhabor" You Yamin. Siddhu (Sudheer), a naughty easy going guy falls in love with Indu (Asmita Sood). But Indu is the sister of Cherry (Ranadheer) who keeps on protecting his sister from others' eyes. But on the other hand Cherry he loves Anjali (Poonam Kaur), the sister-in-law of a dangerous man Bujji aka Shankar (Ajay). How things move among these people, how Siddhu plays with Shankar forms the main story. A team of highly skilled Navy SEALS find themselves embarking on the battle of their lives when they come face-to-face with the undead. After a deadly outbreak occurs in New Orleans, the SEALS must fight for their lives, and the city, against an army of zombies. Gopi is a care-free, oversized young guy who lives with his grandfather. He suddenly discovers that his parents had separated following a spat right after his birth and he has a twin brother who lives in Mumbai with their mother... Directed by Justin Hunt. The story starts from pile murder, murderer exactly ten years ago, a woman was shot dead by police. A decade ago, it has not found an important clue surfaced, what old things associated with the murder a decade ago after a decade of existence in the end? All this seems to be back to square one again. Liu Ye plays Justin was forced to intervene series of investigations, throws a period spanning 10 years of disputes, he played with Chiu ??? what will happen to the story, the same two men who have lost a loved one, the final showdown, behind, relating to a shocking secret, life and death, love and hate, good and evil, black and white, good and evil, truth and lies a major reversal in When Maddy Stern discovers her father has gone missing during a routine birdwatching excursion, she and her college pals trek out into the wilderness to find him, only to end up in a wealthy scientist's desolate ranch aviary, where they encounter a pair of giant, hungry terror birds believed to be extinct for centuries. Rudra Tandava follows a timid young man who has a loving family. When his brother, a government official, is murdered, the protagonist and his father plans to take revenge in their own separate ways. A twelve-year-old girl is transported by a magical black stallion to the mystical world of Albion, where she discovers that she alone is the key to saving an entire race of people. Port City North Carolina: During a routine camp out, a local vagrant discovers plans for an invasion in America. When he tries to notify the local Sheriff about his discovery, the Sheriff dismisses his claims and has him locked up for loitering. When the Sheriff notices odd interactions with other towns folk he begins to look into the vagrants' claim of a sleeper cell living amongst the locals within this small town. After evidence of a beheading is exposed, others begin to fear that the insurgents attack on hometown USA. Questions and tempers begin to rise. Why this little beach community with it's Norman Rockwell way of life? A town where everyone knows one another... or so they thought. When the truth is blind and justice seems lost, It will take an army of five unlikely heroes banding together to infiltrate the insurgents and foil their invasion plans. War is Hell and Hell comes home at the Check Point. adoogadu (English: Magician) is a 2015 Indian Telugu film directed by Yogie and produced by V.V.N Prasad under the banner Sathyaa Entertainments. It features Naga Shourya and Sonarika Bhadoria in the lead roles while Ashish Vidyarthi and Ajay appear in crucial roles. This movie marks the debut of Sonarika Bhadoria in Tollywood industry. The film has released worldwide on 26 June 2015. A corporate risk-management consultant must determine whether or not to terminate an artificial being's life that was made in a laboratory environment. One young man's plunge into adulthood and the uplifting joy of first love. 5 years after being dishonourably discharged from the Service for disobeying a direct order from Downing Street, John Venonesser has gone from a hero to a broken man. Living the life of recluse is about to change. Rachel wakes up to discover she is trapped on an island and must survive while being hunted by the madman Zaroff, a Russian game hunter. Jai (Gopichand) is a fire officer. He happens to help a stranger Ranganath (Brahmaji), who is the right man of Mumbai don Chota Naik (Kabir Duhan Singh). Ranganath turns informer and runs away with the Chota Naik"s money. Chota Nayak suspects Jai to be an accomplice of Ranganath and starts troubling him. The rest of the story is all about how Jai teaches a lesson to Chota Nayak for messing up with him. Brian and Charlie work for a gangster. When the boss learns they want to "leave" he sets them up to be killed, after they help rob the local Triads of their drug dealing profits. B&amp;C decide to steal the money for themselves, but when their escape doesn't go to plan, they have to seek refuge in a Nuns' teacher training school. Rusty Wittenburg is a Navy SEAL struggling to balance his family life and his job. He fights daily to maintain the line between reality and the nightmares his PTSD conjures up for him. Dedicated to his team and his mission, he is willing to give the ultimate sacrifice for his fellow brothers and teammates. Set in the near future where Rhett Murphy and his estranged sister Jean are forced to flee from a militant police state after witnessing the dark secrets of a nefarious corporation. Defeated on the battlefield by Thor, Loki is brought to Odin for justice. But by using his guile and trickery, Loki escapes to Earth. There he will conquer mankind and raise an even larger army to use in his quest for domination throughout the Nine Realms.  Enraged by devastation of his home, Thor pursues Loki, but in the journey, he is rendered defenseless, awakening on Earth without his mighty hammer, or his memory. Alone and disoriented, Thor is besieged by Loki's followers, hell-bent on stopping him...at any cost. Enlisting the help of a female human companion, Thor fights his way North, in search of his mythical weapon. Finding his hammer, Thor's identity and prowess are restored and he must now prepare himself for a final climactic battle with Loki, to prevent the overthrow of the universe. Teenage girl finds out, through her dreams and hallucinations, that she has a rather violent and morbid past. She sets out to right the wrong but her journey will take her to hell and back. France, June 1944. On the eve of D-Day, some American paratroopers fall behind enemy lines after their aircraft crashes while on a mission to destroy a radio tower in a small village near the beaches of Normandy. After reaching their target, the surviving paratroopers realise that, in addition to fighting the Nazi troops that patrol the village, they also must fight against something else. After the earth's water supply is depleted, the survivors form roving road gangs, armed to the teeth and desperate to find and protect water supplies. But when a new breed of blood-drinking humans emerges, the survivors must contend with a whole new threat to their existence. A young couple confronts a painful future by looking to the past. A war-hardened Crusader and his Moorish commander mount an audacious revolt against the corrupt English crown. The Police Commissioner, Advocate Sinha and Police Inspector Vikram Singh arrive at the Central Mental Hospital to speak with an inmate, Arun Saxena. They hope to get Vikram to befriend Arun so that they could unravel the mystery as to why Arun ended up romancing wealthy Sapna, then getting involved with Jyoti, and subsequently killing her. Arun is arrested, confesses to the the homicide and is sentenced to be hanged. This news unsettles Arun to such an extend that he becomes mentally unstable and is institutionalized. Vikram hopes to befriend Arun, get him cured and medically discharged, and ensure that he is hanged. When a teen tries to set up a band at his school, his mother who was a big fan of Elvis Presley gets in a wreck he and his band members decides to kidnap Elvis and have him hooked up with his mother. Set in the future in a time of interplanetary colonization, an unlikely pair race against an impending global crisis and are confronted by the monsters that live inside us all. A drag racer becomes a paraplegic, but he undergoes a religious conversion. When aspiring horror filmmakers post an online casting call looking for "real life" monsters to interview for their upcoming documentary called, The Monster Project, they find three individuals claiming to be a skin-walker, a vampire, and a demon. Meeting these monsters at a remote mansion in the woods on the night of a total lunar eclipse, the filmmakers invite the three subjects to share their haunting, personal experiences. Working on the crew is a recovering drug addict who suffers withdrawal and paranoia. As a person of faith, he fears his friends underestimate the dark powers they are summoning. When the interviews turn deadly, he must battle the demons, inside and out, to escape the house and defeat the rise of evil incarnate. 'Manhunt' is a dark, surrealistic revenge fantasy of animals on humans for the mess they have made.  The core idea for this short film is to switch the roles of humans and animals, hunters hunted, to show how the world could be like from the animals' perspectives, and to put us humans in their shoes. In the year 2033, a young girl trapped in a mysterious orphanage recklessly travels back in time to find her parents and amend her past. Orbiting above a planet on the brink of war, scientists test a device to solve an energy crisis and end up face-to-face with a dark alternate reality. A film based on true story of Sergeant Kanang Anak Langkau, an iban warrior and the nation's most decorated war hero, who fought bravely during communist insurgency. We Are Blood is a modern day skate epic featuring Paul Rodriguez and other top skateboarders as they travel the globe pushing the limits of what's possible on a board and four wheels while celebrating the unconditional bond created by the simple act of skateboarding. Shot on location in Brazil, China, Dubai, and the United States. A multiple homicide at a luxury villa in Malibu sends detectives into the world of a bullied young girl and a woman taking up the mantle of revenge. Gabbar Singh arrives at the empire of Rathanpur to save the princess and the civilians from the ruthless criminal Bhairav Singh. An angry young man tries to give up his violent ways after his marriage runs into trouble. But his nemesis will not rest until he is killed. Through a 16mm projector and cans of film inherited from his father, young discover the adventure of his grandfather, fighting in World War II, when Brazil sent 25,000 soldiers to fight with the United States, against the Nazi advance in Europe. Ex-boxer Danny "Boy" Jackson only left the room for a second, and came back to find his son gone. He quickly finds that human traffickers have taken him to be sold in the Middle East. With only hours left, and the clock ticking, Danny "Boy" Jackson comes out of retirement. After her father, Golden Rings, is killed by the Deadly Blade, the Moon Goddess sends out invitations to all the top fighters in the region to try and lure out the Deadly Blade and force him to kill his own son. However, things do not go according to plan. After a mysterious malfunction sends their small plane climbing out of control, a rookie pilot and her four teenage friends find themselves trapped in a deadly showdown with a supernatural force. The story follows a team of highly trained operatives who find themselves trapped inside an isolated military compound. A son tries to restore the honour of his father, who was imprisoned during the 1980 military coup. A father doesn't want his three daughters to get married. Now, it's up to three men to try to and convince the father that they're a good fit for his daughters. An elite group of American operatives, aided by a top-secret tactical command team, must transport an asset who holds life-threatening information to an extraction point 22 miles away through the hostile streets of an Asian city. An employee of the insurance company, Oleg Kogy along with his wife Olga, decide to use his official position and swindle an insurance policy. They insure the Oleg's life for a large amount, simultaneously taking out loans in several banks where 'Oleg Kogiya' is known as a representative of the insurance company.  But something goes wrong, each of the participants start to get entangled in the sins and merits of crime... When a man loses his memory after a bank heist goes wrong, he attempts to piece together the missing 10 minutes from his memory to determine who sabotaged him. A dog goes on quest to discover his purpose in life over the course of several lifetimes with multiple owners. A woman finds herself stuck in a basement car park with an unhinged security guard. In search of a new energy source, Russia accidentally reawakens the Kolossus - a giant robot doomsday device from the Cold War. At the same time, a new Mega Shark appears, threatening global security. A boxer suffers a serious head injury during a fight, and must deal with the consequences. The Mind's Eye follows a drifter with telekinetic abilities who targets a doctor who is creating a synthetic telekinetic power serum. Trying to find their luck, husband and wife, Lucian and Andra start a new business by managing a guesthouse hidden somewhere deep in the mountains. Tombiruo is a troubled young man, deformed, dutiful and burdened with powers that do not bend to his will. The tragic death of his father causes Tombiruo to seek revenge and punish those responsible. In the aftermath of an unspeakable act of terror, Police Sergeant Tommy Saunders joins courageous survivors, first responders and investigators in a race against the clock to hunt down the Boston Marathon bombers before they strike again. After Mac Daddy decides to quit being an international ladies man, two of his best pupils (Diego and Damon), who have been trained by him in the arts of seduction, decide to take over. Damon and Diego take their game to Vegas to become international ladies men. But Damon ends up hitting on the wrong woman, and both Damon and Diego get involved with the most dangerous Italian Mafia in Vegas. Now Mac Daddy must come back into the game, to help save their lives. A young street magician is left to take care of his little sister after his mother's passing and turns to drug dealing in the Los Angeles party scene to keep a roof over their heads. When he gets into trouble with his supplier, his sister is kidnapped and he is forced to rely on both his sleight of hand and brilliant mind to save her. After the first manned mission to Mars ends in a deadly crash, mission controller Mackenzie 'Mack' Wilson assists an artificial intelligence system, A.R.T.I. Their investigation uncovers a mysterious object under the surface of Mars that could change the future of our planet as we know it. Margaret, a psychiatrist and single mother, grapples with her conscience and dismal circumstances. When she is further catapulted into deeper waters with the arrival of a new patient, Peter, she is forced to revisit her dark past. Struggling with her uncertain future, Margaret and Peter's journeys towards personal liberation from their mundane lives has them treading an unstable and precarious path. After the demise of warlord Nobunaga ODA, Japan was about to be unified by Hideyoshi TOYOTOMI. However, there was one man in Kanto region that was defiant to it. That man, who named himself TenmaOh (Mirai MORIYAMA) and leads the KANTO DOKURO-TO, an armed group hiding in the pitch-black DOKURO-JO (skull castle), once worked for NOBUNAGA. Sutenosuke (Shun OGURI) happens to rescue a woman who has been chased by the KANTO DOKURO-TO, which was headed by the bloodthirsty madman TenmaOh.  In the Underworld of Shanghai, Shadow Lee is considered the modern king of thieves. When a ruthless crime lord hires him to kidnap the daughter of a rival business man, Shadow must face his greatest challenge yet. Kidnap the girl and condemn her to certain death by the hands of his employer or save her life. The choice is made and now Shadow must fight the backlash of his betrayal, but his fists are fast and his kicks have no mercy. For Shadow that's all he need. In the follow up to the box-office hit Nitro (2007), we catch up with Max as he serves time for the role he played in the death of a police officer. When the film begins, Max learns that his 17-year-old son Theo has just been recruited by a criminal organization. Desperate to get him out of this situation, Max escapes from prison. He discovers that Theo and his best friend Charly have fallen under the control of Daphne, an alluring femme fatale, who is taking advantage of the teens' expert computer skills to plan a bold and risky burglary. Quickly understanding he'll be unable to persuade his son to walk away from it all, Max joins the team in order to protect them. His driving skills and his athletic prowess will prove to be invaluable assets in this action-packed sequel. Overview not available.  The film will unfold in Manila, Philippines, and in the jungles of the island of Boracay. On a tropical island in the privacy of living Russian middle-aged man (Alexander Newsky). But the quiet life interrupted by the murder of one of the locals. In order to protect the daughter of the slain Filipino bandits Russian guy have to remember the past, he tried to bury . A former US Federal Agent must abandon the witness protection program and come out of hiding when his London home is invaded in error due to a wrong address. When the event ends with multiple homicides, the news triggers those hunting him to send Europe's most dangerous assassin to kill him. Now on the run with his daughters life in jeopardy, a determined father must get her to safety before the people he's been hiding from tracks him down. Marc-Andre is a well-ordered bank accountant. One day a naked young woman, Mirah, emerges from a sort of egg out of nowhere. She has time travelled straight from the Mesopotamian to warn Marc-Andre that he is in grave danger, from actions performed in his life in that era. Along with his neighbour and two agents specializing in paranormal phenomena, Marc-Andre and Mirah attempt to avert the danger to his life. Dan leads his friends to the outskirts of town to stage a surprise welcome party for his sister. The friends will go through the test of their lives as each person will eventually realize that there might be no going back home. Taking place 500 years after the Havoc in Heaven, the Tang Priest is appointed by Buddha to go to the West to fetch the sacred scriptures, only to accidentally free the Monkey King. With Lady White (Gong Li) aiming to break up the team assembled to defeat her, the Monkey King must fight in order to save his world! To bring down a global human trafficking ring, an Interpol agent recruits the help of a brutal criminal with inside knowledge of the yakuza.  Zeina, after losing her sight in an accident, wakes up in a car, chased by her two lovers, and has no idea what's going on. The son of a rich businessman struggles to save his father's wealth after his demise. However, he faces many challenges when he becomes the sole breadwinner of his family. During the Cold War, an organization called "Patriot" created a super-hero squad, which includes members of multiple soviet republics. For years, the heroes had to hide their identities, but in hard times they must show themselves again. The Wizard takes warriors from there time periods and makes them fight to the death for his evil pleasure.  In the distant future, Jack Deadman and his military team are the final hope to save our dying earth from its hellish apocalypse. The mission is to enter the underground world of Labyrinthia and retrieve the water stolen by the savage inhabitants below... 10 years later, the mission has failed, and Jack Deadman exists in isolation, trapped and buried deep within Labyrinthia. A lone wolf anti-hero, changed by failure and guilt. But when the opportunity to escape arises once again, Jack will begin a quest for vengeance and redemption in one last attempt to escape from Labyrinthia. In the near future, society collapses and water becomes scarce. When a greedy water baron starts violently clearing out survivors, Kendal, a 17-year-old teenager, fights the baron's henchman to keep a well open. A drama following a French platoon during Algeria's war of independence Essex has been the central hub for many famous criminal activities. For generations Essex Boys have ruled the streets of Essex and East London in their underworld empires.  Many people thought this ended in a Range Rover in 1995.  They were wrong...  Danny - an ex hooligan is driven back into a life of crime after his world is turned upside down on the streets of Essex. Archaeologist Rick O'Connell travels to China, pitting him against an emperor from the 2,000-year-old Han dynasty who's returned from the dead to pursue a quest for world domination. This time, O'Connell enlists the help of his wife and son to quash the so-called 'Dragon Emperor' and his abuse of supernatural power. Alex, a lovable, unassuming dog trainer is in love with a great woman - Katherine - smart, talented, from a good family. Katherine adores Alex's quirky sense of humor, honesty and capacity to listen. Having decided to pop the question, Alex is blindsided when Katherine produces a detailed list of well-thought-out "improvements" she feels will tweak Alex on their way to becoming the ideal couple. Alex instinctively rejects the suggestion that he needs to change anything. But with the threat of a new competitor, Alex decides to "do the list." Guided by a coterie of friends that include: Dave, Alex's loyal childhood buddy, best female friend Lily, her husband Michael, and their 8 year old son, Nicky, Alex's journey has him reconsider and question his beliefs, values and world. The journey of idealistic Vitor, a young federal judge who decides to dismantle the mafia that dominates the border between Brazil and Paraguay. Inspired by true events. With haunting suburban visuals backed by the rich sounds of Toronto based-band Ohbijou, Akin powerfully engages in a relationship between an Orthodox Jewish mother and her transgender son as they navigate the haunted secrets of a shared past. In a not too distant future, a totalitarian state run by 'The Director" (Seagal) controls all aspects of life. All enemies of the state are dealt in the harshest way. Most of them are executed by the secret government's assassins. The best operative is code-named "Condor" (Messner) - an elite agent and hit man for the government. However, in his latest assignment, "Condor" fails to kill an opposition leader, and finds himself on the run from the very same government agency that he works for. This sets in motion a chain of events with unforseen consequences for all involved. Boruto is the son of the 7th Hokage Naruto who completely rejects his father. Behind this, he has feelings of wanting to surpass Naruto, who is respected as a hero. He ends up meeting his father's friend Sasuke, and requests to become... his apprentice!? The curtain on the story of the new generation written by Masashi Kishimoto rises! An ordinary man's romantic trip to Argentina turns to horror when vicious drug dealers hold his girlfriend hostage and force him to do a job for them. Pop superstar Jordan Jaye has a big dream - he just wants to live like a regular teenager. When he's chased down by some excited female fans, he finds a perfect hideout and a reluctant new friend from a small town, high-school art student, Emily Lowe. Despite being from different worlds, they soon discover they have way more in common than they ever imagined. Over the course of several days, the two embark on an unexpected journey of friendship, first love and self-discovery -- proving that maybe opposites really do attract. Clark doesn't care about you. He doesn't care about the world. He barely cares about himself. But after an incident with an old bowl of spaghetti and a malfunctioning microwave, he becomes a superhero that can fight crime with the power of spaghetti. However, you have to pay him. International Flight 42 is on course, when all of a sudden a massive and weird storm crops up around the plane. This sends the plane back in time to the year 1940- smack dab in the middle of WWII! Now, the crew and passengers must not only find a way back to their time, but fight off the Axis powers. The story of a super-secret spy organization that recruits an unrefined but promising street kid into the agency's ultra-competitive training program just as a global threat emerges from a twisted tech genius. When a mysterious woman seduces Dom into the world of crime and a betrayal of those closest to him, the crew face trials that will test them as never before. An alcoholic falls in love with and gets married to a young woman, whom he systematically addicts to booze so they can share his "passion" together. Miles Morales is juggling his life between being a high school student and being a spider-man. When Wilson "Kingpin" Fisk uses a super collider, others from across the Spider-Verse are transported to this dimension. A study in pins of a man who loses his nose which becomes a personality in its own right. Story continues with the students' own conflicts, Koro Sensei's identity and the fate of the world. The time limit for assassination is approaching. Copper Jack Stone purposefully orchestrates a bank robbery in order to be thrown into prison with the notorious Russian kingpin Balam. Balam is more than just a mob criminal; he's a very cunning and dangerous lord who controls the police force from behind bars. Balam lives in prison as a cover for his real power, which is King of the city. His cell is a lavish private room built specifically for him, inaccessible to most in the depths of the prison structure. Even the warden fears venturing into his area of the prison. However, even surrounded by his loyal henchmen and guards in his sectioned off fortress, Balam doesn't know Jack is coming for him to avenge his family, who Balam murdered in cold blood. Balam is tough... but Jack is tougher. A modern day adaptation of the legendary fable of Savitri, Satyavaan and Yamaraj from Mahabharata, one of the major Sanskrit epics of ancient India. The modern day Savitri is adept in martial arts and will do anything to save her husband. Aliens battle terrorist in a sorority house filled with mutants, monsters and secret agents. Who will survive this action packed inter-dimensional adventure? The all-powerful Monkey King once roamed freely between Heaven and Earth, but after angering the Gods, he was imprisoned within an ice cage deep within the mountains. 500 years later, monsters attack a small village and a child flees to the mountains. Unknowingly, the child releases the Monkey King from his curse. With the help and encouragement from this special child, Monkey King saves the village from the evil monsters. A long lucky streak makes a nice guy the target of opportunists like his brother, his girlfriend, and some guys from New Jersey. When an attack on the Kingsman headquarters takes place and a new villain rises, Eggsy and Merlin are forced to work together with the American agency known as the Statesman to save the world. A New Jersey guy dedicated to his family, friends, and church, develops unrealistic expectations from watching porn and works to find happiness and intimacy with his potential true love. After a botched heist, Eddie  a murderous crime boss, hunts down the seductive thief Karen who failed him. In order to win back Eddie's trust, Karen recruits her ex-lover and premier thief Jack to steal a cargo of rare precious gems. But when the job goes down, allegiances are betrayed and lines are crossed as Jack, Karen, and Eddie face off in a fateful showdown.  Epic fantasy-adventure meets martial arts action in this thrilling film written by Luc Besson &amp; Robert Mark Kamen. After a mysterious chest opens a gateway through time, teen gamer Jack (Uriah Shelton) is transported to an ancient empire terrorized by a cruel barbarian king (former WWE superstar Dave Bautista). Jack will need all of his gaming skills as he battles to defeat the barbarian, protect a beautiful princess, and somehow find his way back home. A broken-hearted guy meets a girl who turns his life around - he'd be crazy not to fall in love with her. Comedy - In an effort to finish a film before turning thirty, Riley Young documents and re-creates the supposedly-true stories of a retired secret agent using local talent, a VHS camcorder, and every low-budget trick he knows. -  Buddy Moody, Frank Ladner, Bobby Smith About the late Ming and early Qing Wu Xuezong division DongHaiChuan martial arts for the country, as well as his junior sister apprentices poignant love story. Cody battles Chris Jericho in a AEW World Championship match!  Riho (c) vs Emi Sakura in a AEW Women's Championship match  It's two of the most anticipated matches of the year! For the first time ever,  Kenny Omega vs Jon Moxley in Lights Out Unsanctioned Match!  Adam Page vs Pac  The Young Bucks vs Santana & Ortiz  Britt Baker vs Bea Priestley (Buy-In) Jessica and Dave along with three other young couples are kidnapped in Griffith Park by unseen Abductors and must fight to escape certain death only to discover the world will never be the same. Two men perform a robbery on an airplane before parachuting to safety, and a newspaper reporter attempts to solve the crime. Beyond the punches, boxing paints a complex portrait of life itself - its obstacles, the discipline, the commitment. With the stories of a child aspiring boxer, and a young amateur boxer, the film weaves a tale about the triumph of human spirit both in ring and in life. A man, who years earlier mysteriously abandoned his family and isolated himself in a small northern town, returns for one last chance to reconnect with his troubled daughter. When she goes missing, he risks everything to find her, including exposing the fact that he is becoming invisible. Dreaming of adventure, city mouse Gavin and his buddy Matthew join a crew of Ship Mice ready to set sail - just as young Chester bursts in, pleading for help. Stowing away on a boat, the gang heads for Dream Island to defend Chester's family of mice against Winston the White Weasel (Jon Lovitz) and his wicked weasel clan. But is their courage enough? Cowboy is wrongly accused of a bank robbery, or is he? The courts story of what happened is different from his story....Did he or did he not, that is the question. You'll have to figure it out An American veteran travels to the Middle East searching for peace after suffering the horrors of the Civil War and the ridicule of his peers over his 'Crazy uncle William's prediction' ... The story of the film revolves around Intelligence officer Jayamohan (Mohanlal) and his wife Anjali (Amala Paul). However, Anjali is unaware of the fact that he is an anti- terrorist intelligence agent as his job demands secrecy, but soon she will learn the truth behind Jayamohan. Certain turn of events lead Anjali to join the team of secret agents and together they try to solve the plots set up by the terrorist group The film chronicles the rise and fall of the world's most feared drug lord Pablo Escobar and his volatile love affair with Colombia's most famous journalist Virginia Vallejo throughout a reign of terror that tore a country apart. Ajay Mehra (from previous Ghayal-1990), after finishing off his life sentence, starts a newspaper called Satyakam. Still dealing with the haunting trauma of losing his loved ones, Ajay manages to make a credible name for himself in investigative journalism. Working with a strange team of RTI activists, ex-criminals and ilk; and even stranger ways of unearthing and presenting truth, Ajay Mehra has earned quite a fan following among the youths, who finds his fearless and unforgiving approach in dealing with all kinds of sociopaths very inspiring. Five Russian citizens are mistaken for suicide bombers at a Kharotabad check post in Quetta. An emotionally damaged couple try to survive a viral outbreak on an isolated farm. Simba idolises his father, King Mufasa, and takes to heart his own royal destiny. But not everyone in the kingdom celebrates the new cub's arrival. Scar, Mufasa's brother--and former heir to the throne--has plans of his own. The battle for Pride Rock is ravaged with betrayal, tragedy and drama, ultimately resulting in Simba's exile. With help from a curious pair of newfound friends, Simba will have to figure out how to grow up and take back what is rightfully his. A group of veterans wake up after a night of partying to find out that the zombie apocalypse has spread across the United States. Together, they must fight their way across the country in order to find a cure for the outbreak and restore freedom before it's too late. A railroad worker in China in 1941 leads a team of freedom fighters against the Japanese in order to get food for the poor. A group of friends get lost in the seedy streets where they encounter a crazed gang of homeless derelicts that seizes them and kills them one by one. The surviving man escapes on foot, naked and unarmed, with a pack of depraved transients in pursuit, and only seconds away from capture. When his astrologer uncle (Satish Kaushik) predicts a favorable future for Raja (Akshay Kumar), he decides to nothing until the prediction comes true. When he meets Shalu (Juhi Chawla) the daughter of a millionaire (Kadar Khan) he decides his predicted future has arrived. However his lazy lifestyle does not meet with his future father-in-law's standards, and he insists that Raja does some hard work for a change. Vilen Apresyan, the deputy head of the Armenian central bank, will be fired if a representative of an international credit organization, who is about to arrive in two days' time, doesn't sign an agreement to provide a 50 million euro loan. The situation looks hopeless, and Vilen can only be saved by a miracle... Steve Ford is a private detective in Venice Beach, Calif., who's good with the ladies, bad with the punches and wild about his dog Buddy. When local thugs steal Buddy, Ford turns to Spyder, their devious leader, and forges an unlikely alliance. With help from his best friend, Steve pulls out the big guns to retrieve Spyder's stolen cash and cocaine and save Buddy. Warring teenage street gangs provide the fodder for this martial arts actioner. Things really heat up when each gang finds a martial arts experts to train them out to fight. ONE BAD CAT is about the transformative role art plays in the tumultuous life of 82 year-old, African-American, renowned "outsider" artist Reverend Albert Wagner. He has been a lightening rod for controversy his entire life. Racism, ego and lust led him to the brink of ruin. Miraculously turned onto religion at age 50, he was inspired by God to paint, and become a famous artist for a mostly White clientele. From a racist Southern upbringing, in his later years his artwork railed against the lifestyles of members of the African-American community, which created as many detractors as champions. Near the film's conclusion, an ailing Albert comes to terms with his checkered past. Was Albert's penitence real and did he achieve redemption through his art? A listless and alienated teenager decides to help his new friend win the class presidency in their small western high school, while he must deal with his bizarre family life back home. Red fights her way through a maze filled with assassins, monsters and maniacs she comes closer to discovering the truth behind the mystery and the mastermind behind the Slasher House. When a scientist runs short of funding for his life-saving medical Bio-Printing research, he accepts an offer of investment from a shadowy military organisation. In return, he is forced to use his technology to create the ultimate battlefield weapon - a full size Tyrannosaurus Rex.  After a horrific accident in which the dinosaur massacres his research team, the scientist shuts down the project. However, his investors demand results and it can only be a matter of time before the deadly T-Rex is unleashed upon the world! On the run in the year 1987, Bumblebee finds refuge in a junkyard in a small Californian beach town. Charlie, on the cusp of turning 18 and trying to find her place in the world, discovers Bumblebee, battle-scarred and broken.  When Charlie revives him, she quickly learns this is no ordinary yellow VW bug. Amarvedu dynasty was attacked by Britishers at the time of Bobbili war in South India. Before the Britishers are about to attack the dynasty, a couple of friends Daanaala Dharmayya (Gummadi) and Pagadaala Subbayya hides the treasure in a cave of five doors, very far away. Many years ago Mr. Six was a notorious gangster. That was back when there was still such a thing as honour among thieves, when criminals earned respect and maintained principles. These days Mr. Six is all but forgotten, a living relic residing in a narrow alley.  One day Six's son, Xiaobo, is abducted by some spoiled punks after he scratches their precious Ferrari. Mr. Six realizes that he must do whatever it takes to get his son back -- even if that means returning to the life he thought he had left behind. London, England, April 1980. Six terrorists assault the Embassy of Iran and take hostages. For six days, tense negotiations are held while the authorities decide whether a military squad should intervene.  The story of the short life, and brutal gang rape and murder in Delhi in December 2012 of an exceptional and inspiring young woman. The rape of the 23 year old medical student by 6 men on a moving bus, and her death, sparked unprecedented protests and riots throughout India and led to the first glimmers of a change of mindset. Interwoven into the story line are the lives, values and mindsets of the rapists whom the film makers have had exclusive and unprecedented access to interview before they hang. The film examines the society and values which spawn such violent acts, and makes an optimistic and impassioned plea for change. Based on the legendary true story of the Red Dog who united a disparate local community while roaming the Australian outback in search of his long lost master. Hana Ichii attends a school that she admired since she was a child. One day, she wakes up and finds herself locked in a cage with her classmates. They are forced to take part in a survival game using their cellphones. A police hostage negotiator plays a dangerous game of cat and mouse with a cornered bank robber who is hell bent on getting out of the bank and humiliating his brother, the police hostage negotiator, in the process. Angelino is just one of thousands of deadbeats living in Dark Meat City. But an otherwise unremarkable scooter accident caused by a beautiful, mysterious stranger is about to transform his life... into a waking nightmare! He starts seeing monstrous forms prowling around all over the city... Is Angelino losing his mind, or could an alien invasion really be happening this quietly...? The exploitation of the country's mineral wealth is projected as the most reasonable solution to deal with the economic crisis that plagues Greece. The Greek state has ceded its mining rights over 31.700 ha of land in northern Halkidiki, a region rich in gold, copper and other metals, to the Canadian multinational company Eldorado Gold. However, many of the region's inhabitants, who have been resisting the construction of a goldmine for years, claim that this investment will cause irreparable damage to the environment and the benefits will be fewer than the losses.  "Cassandra's Treasure" presents a detailed picture of the modern Greek state before and during the crisis period. Growing up on an estate filled with drugs, guns and football hooligans isn t easy for Justin. When he starts hanging out with a nasty gang headed by loud-mouthed drug dealer Kevin he is persuaded to beat up an innocent bystander just for kicks and starts to enjoy the hooligan lifestyle... A mysterious man, "Painter" is a chaser, who is always with "Driver." Driver is in a relationship with an Estonian girl, who works at the US soldier's club. She was drifting several regions because of her father's gambling debt. One day a soldier goes mad for their relationship, and kill her and her boyfriend in front of Painter. Being so angry Painter turns into a mad creature and mysterious power leads him to Estonia. Adventure about industrial espionage. The movie starts with Karthik(Ram)who runs a multimillion-dollar company in Portugal living with his family. He meets another rich women Anushka (Sonal Chauhan) for a business deal. They both got engaged but karthik's family was disappointed of this proposal. One of the companies of Karthik gets in to trouble due to a case registered by Green Army headed by Divya (Rakul Preet)against his factory and he heads to India to sort out the issue. being engaged to Anushk, Karthik  goes to an extent to impress Divya in an attempt of convincing her to withdraw the case.Karthik reveals his actual purpose of coming to India later as he is the son of Bhupathi's  sister, who has been staying away from family for 25 years.Bhupati meets karthik for marriage proposal with Divya. Karthik then goes to her village to reunite the family against all odds and marry Divya. Eventually,karthik (Ram) reunites the family which were separated for 25 years and marries to Divya bringing Pandaga for the family When an unknown military force invades Bushwick, a Brooklyn neighborhood, young student Lucy and war veteran Stupe must rely on each other to escape and survive. A photographer struggling with memory loss discovers her pictures may indicate something sinister is hitting close to home. By 1776 the American Revolution almost ended. George Washington made a bold move that saved the American cause. The Continentals crossed the Delaware River on Christmas Day to attack the Hessians in Trenton. This was America's First D-Day. Film starring  Akkineni Nageshwara Rao, Jamuna and Kongara Jaggaiah Babloo (Vinay), a con artist, works for Shankar Dada (Prabhu), a local goon, whose rival Soori ( Pradeep Rawat), is planning to kill Deepika, Shankar's sister (Sharmila) to avenge the murder of his son. Meanwhile, Deepika falls in love with Babloo but her doting brother has other plans for her. John Carter is a war-weary, former military captain who's inexplicably transported to the mysterious and exotic planet of Barsoom (Mars) and reluctantly becomes embroiled in an epic conflict. It's a world on the brink of collapse, and Carter rediscovers his humanity when he realizes the survival of Barsoom and its people rests in his hands. Two assassins-for-hire have an hour to kill (so to speak) before their next hit. To help pass the time, they entertain themselves by regaling horror stories to one another. With bizarre titles such as "Valkyrie's Bunker" "Assacre" and "Hog Hunters" - which hit-man's story will be deemed most disturbing when all is said and done? After witnessing a strange explosion, Shinnosuke Tomari is later visited by a young man claiming to be his son Eiji Tomari from the year 2035. Eiji warns Shinnosuke that a year from now, Mr. Belt's AI will go berserk and lead to the Roidmudes overtaking humanity. However, Shinnosuke cannot immediately deal with this new information when the evil Kamen Rider Dark Drive also comes from the future, causing enough mayhem that leads to Shinnosuke being framed for it and becoming the public's most wanted. The sequel picks up eight years since the opening night tragedy of HELL HOUSE LLC and still many unanswered questions remain. Thanks to an anonymous tip, an investigative journalist is convinced that key evidence is hidden inside the abandoned Abaddon Hotel - evidence that will shed light on the hotel's mysteries and many unsolved deaths and disappearances. She assembles a team to break into the hotel in hopes of discovering the truth. But the source of the tip and the secrets of the Abaddon Hotel are more horrifying than any of them could have imagined. Melvin, a reluctant hero who is far from super, has been suppressing his telekinetic powers for years with booze, drugs, and women. In the process, he has failed at practically everything, most of all as a parent to his son. After a brush with death, Melvin decides to use his powers for good and clean up the streets of New Orleans with the help of his best friend/definitely-not-a-sidekick, Lucille. For a man who can do the impossible, it might be a fight even he can't win. When Aaron, an ex-fighter, turns to music after years of being knocked around and left with permanent mental disabilities, he falls for Jana, an off-centered Bulgarian immigrant living in New York. While he recognizes that she is as crazy as he is, Jana does not share the same opinion. But her brother, Bobby, an up and coming wannabe fighter, decides to convince her she is that crazy in order to get Aaron in the ring against him. Ward and Bouchard must face an important car theft ring that turns out to be a lot more than they bargained for: one where the stolen cars will serve as bombs in a well planned terrorist attack. Young Scottish doctor, Nicholas Garrigan decides it's time for an adventure after he finishes his formal education, so he decides to try his luck in Uganda, and arrives during the downfall of President Obote. General Idi Amin comes to power and asks Garrigan to become his personal doctor. Two rednecks rob a wedding train. Jordan grows up without knowing that his father was a criminal. Problems start brewing in his life when he has to pay for his father's sins. Two brothers live alone in a shack in the woods, trying to overcome their abusive past. But when a girl is killed nearby, fearing retribution from the townspeople, they cover up her death, kidnap the only witness and embark on a murderous journey. Insein Rhythm portrays the sights, sounds and rhythms of Yangon's Insein train station which is also a stone's throw away from the country's infamous Insein prison. A group of college students gets entangled in the scheme of a fledgling caste outfit that wants to turn into a political party. An American pilot is sent to a Chinese province to teach a crew of would-be pilots how to fly war planes against the Japanese during World War II. A bank heist descends into violent chaos when one of the hostages turns out to be a serial killer. Trapping the well-organized team of bank robbers in the building, the killer is now picking them off one by one. Seven friends on a weekend away, miles from anywhere. Just as the party's getting started, a serial killer shows up! This motion portrait of P.R. Miller is a journey into the mind of an eccentric, outcast scavenger, known around Akron, Ohio as "the junkyard artist." Hailing from a little place called Mars, he was raised on a scrap yard where they used to burn autos. According to Miller, Mars, PA had one of the highest rates of brain disorders in the country. Miller, himself, was once thought to have been retarded, but it turned out to be ADHD.  He has been inundated with toxicity his whole life, not unlike Mother Earth herself. Miller is convinced that the Earth will one day rid herself of the human vermin that is destroying her. When put on trial, P.R. Miller stood up for his right to make art on his own property.  All this "visual bubblegum" is a backdrop for Miller to rant and rave about how the American value system is based on the worship of money, and how the culture of consumerism and waste will lead to the final demise of humans. After losing his wife in a theater shooting, Hopper ends up living on the streets of Denver, where he meets a grifter named Ella. Together they fight a corrupt policeman and Hopper's resurfacing demons, as his wife's killer goes to trial. About a drug peddler Ruksar, a daredevil don who can beat 10 men to pulp. Newfound friends Sarah and Megan begin work on an art project together. As they interact with each other, it becomes clear that an intense anxiety is building. Told through delicate realism, we see the first glimpses of attraction grow as both characters battle their fears to create a necessary equilibrium. Assigned to recover sensitive stolen data, a gruff FBI agent goes undercover as a kindergarten teacher, but the school's liberal, politically correct environment is more than he bargained for. Returning to his homeland after years of slavery, a Norman prince seeks revenge on his father's  murderer - his ruthless uncle, Earl Durant. Gaining the trust of a band of exiled farmers, he leads them into battle against Durant, exploiting them in his inexorable quest for vengeance. As one by one they are slaughtered in the brutal battle, will the prince sacrifice everything an everyone to fulfil his quest for blood? Alexander, the King of Macedonia, leads his legions against the giant Persian Empire. After defeating the Persians, he leads his army across the then known world, venturing farther than any westerner had ever gone, all the way to India. From the cage to the big screen, the world's greatest Mixed Martial Arts Champions come together for the first time in a major motion picture. When an MMA world champion is lured into the illegal world of underground cage fighting by an elusive promoter, he quickly realizes that the only way out is to kill or to be killed. Soldier Robert Miller returns home from Afghanistan unable to fit back into society. Living on a violent council estate and finding work in undercover surveillance, he becomes obsessed with taking down a group of local gangsters who are intrinsically tied to a suspected terrorist cell. Taking the situation into his own hands, Robert embarks on a brutal quest for justice, with devastating consequences. Vajrakaya is a 2014 Kannada film directed by Harsha A and produced by C. R. Manohar and C R Gopi. The film stars  and Shivaraj Kumar in lead roles. Music was composed by Arjun Janya. A reverend sister keeps having a recurring nightmare about someone in her past life but she brushes it off, she gets a visitor and decides to find out the truth but she finds herself in a deep twisted plot.   Godzilla... Predator... Robby the Robot... The Gill Man... These are some of the most iconic characters in cinema, but many people still don't know about the incredible actors who bring these creatures to life! The life of a bank manager is turned upside down when a friend from his past manipulates him into faking his own death and taking off on an adventure. A boy whose father is killed by a gangster seeks revenge. Kajol (Sayantika Banerjee) became friends with Abhimanyu aka Abhi (Dev) after the later saves the former from some goons in Italy. But one day she asks Abhi to leave her and go as she cannot stand the separation from him if their relationship develops any further. After serving a sentence of 10 years, Aquiles has to choose between saving the life of his son or starting a new path of honesty. Ben Collins sets out on a mission to find the perfect stunt car for an epic, high octane car chase. Mr Veena only cares about himself. He wants to gain control and ruin his sister-in-law's life. He uses the people of the small town he lives in like puppets. Can his web of deceit be torn or will he succeed in his perfect plan? A damaged homicide detective (Johnny Messner) must prevent a grieving father from unleashing a "robotic virus" that he believes will destroy the terrorist cell that murdered his son, but at an unimaginable cost. Rui is in the process of separation from Silvia, his wife and John, his son, realizing that his father can not get out of this situation and that he will never be happy, decides to ask for help from the mythical Bolivian hero "El Justiciero". Set during the last days of the Ottoman Empire, a love triangle develops between Mikael, a brilliant medical student, the beautiful and sophisticated artist Ana, and Chris, a renowned American journalist based in Paris. A saloon owner falls in love with the abused wife of a heavy gambler.  He is snared into a web of intrigue when an ex-girlfriend is found murdered in his apartment. It's been generations since the Harkers' great-great grandfather killed Count Dracula. Now the Harker brothers and their best friend Ned are a town joke - until a real vampire turns up. A deep sea submersible pilot revisits his past fears in the Mariana Trench, and accidentally unleashes the seventy foot ancestor of the Great White Shark believed to be extinct. When the identities of secret agents from Control are compromised, the Chief promotes hapless but eager analyst Maxwell Smart and teams him with stylish, capable Agent 99, the only spy whose cover remains intact. Can they work together to thwart the evil plans of KAOS and its crafty operative? Strange other-worldly sounds are echoing around the world. A group of researchers, led by expert ufologist Lorraine Gardner, begin an expedition to track down the point of origin from which the sounds emerge. Yet as their journey deepens, they begin to discover more than they bargained for. The story deals with the ego between a jailor(cop) and the prisoner who is subjected to death. One day Doraemon, Nobita, Shizuka, Gian and Suneo were shooting a film as space heroes. When they were shooting the film in the open lot a boy called Aron comes and alerts them of aliens attacking his planet. They agree to help him by turning into real superheroes, but it isn't as easy as it looks. The town of Midground is threatened by a tsunami caused by a massive earthquake in the North Pacific Ocean. After other unexplainable events transpire, Chase Lombardi and friends are forced to discover whether they are experiencing a natural phenomenon or something else all together. When a short-tempered mobster and his gang of thugs try to shake down a neighborhood bar, they're soon confronted with the wrath of its owner - a mysterious southern mother with a dangerous past. Four soldiers trapped behind enemy lines must confront their fears and desires while finding a way back to their battalion. Absolutely terrible Prince Charles' accession to the throne following the Queen's death. When he refuses to sign a controversial bill into law, political chaos ensues: a constitutional crisis, rioting on the streets and a tank in front of Buckingham Palace. Sequel to "Macho Man" (1985). Four grandmothers accidentally kill a conman and, to cover it up, they get rid of the body. When the conman's partner shows up, things go south. Three different ways of facing the apocalypse five hours before the end of the world. fantastic and romantic moments of love, an anxious waiting time and the desperate search for pepper in an apocalyptic and crazy world. Events cross and mix. Time seems to get beyond control.How does one live out the last five hours and 38 minutes before the end? We see the last.  /// A cinco horas del fin del mundo, se plantean tres maneras diferentes de afrontar el apocalipsis. Jackson Bolt is an emotionally distraught detective who must clear his name in the death of his partner. Your best friends are also the friends who'll make you do the stupidest things. After parting hardcore, Roxi, Yasmine and Ana meet in a bet that will change their lives: Who gets married first in three days? After being busted for a heist, a former CIA contractor is sent to a Mexican prison. His former CIA boss offers him freedom if he can break into the prison vault and steal $50 Million. Ichiro Kataki, a violent Yakuza gang member travels to Melbourne, Australia after his beloved sister Yuko is brutally murdered by a group of criminals. Hell bent on vengeance he teams up with Cassidy Arizona, a lady of the night with a vendetta of her own. When Sadie's husband is murdered by a vicious gang called "The Touchers", she finds she possesses a strange hidden power to aid her in her quest for revenge. A homage to Grindhouse/exploitation pictures of the 1970's. A young gymnast battles a group of bank robbers at the home of her boyfriend. Agents from diverse Spanish local police forces are called to form a special team. A spectacular heist starts to unravel as the crooks take it on the lam. Near India and Pakistan's border-town of Fatehpur, lives Ranjit Singh Choudhary who has been labeled as a rebel by his schoolmaster and his dad, Makhan's employer, Bade Thakur, as he could not stand the injustice that was meted to farmers like his dad, and his ancestors who had become economic slaves to the upper-caste Thakurs, who loaned them some money, ... Izumi Hoshi (Kanna Hashimoto) is senior in high school, but she led a small yakuza group in her past. After killing her uncle's murderer with a machine gun, her yakuza group disbanded. Izumi now lives an ordinary life as a high school student and works as a manager at a cafe. A dangerous situation soon awaits for Izumi. A group of students become trapped inside a mysterious cave where they discover time passes differently underground than on the surface. A man's attempt at a romantic marriage proposal on an isolated biking trail doesn't work out as planned. Things only get worse as the zombie apocalypse starts. Father O'Malley, the unconventional priest from 'Going My Way', continues his work for the Catholic Church. This time he is sent to St. Mary's, a run-down parochial school on the verge of condemnation. He and Sister Benedict work together in an attempt to save the school, though their differing methods often lead to good-natured disagreements. In 1979, a young soldier is working in China's snowcapped mountains when an explosion reveals bizarre fossils hidden deep in the mountain caverns. What they discover next will change his life and human history forever. Mr. Wu, a Hong Kong movie star, is kidnapped in Beijing by Zhang Hua's gang. The police quickly form a task force and begin the search, ignoring that detectives in charge have only twenty hours before the deadline. (A story based on the famous kidnapping case of television actor Wu Rufou that took place in 2004.) After his best friend Mikey goes missing, Karl goes on a search mission to find him in the supposed woodlands he was last seen in. During his search, things take an unexpected turn and Karl finds himself up against not only mother natures fury but a hidden secret that the woods harvest. Dooley, a cop wrongly sacked for corruption, teams up with a useless defence lawyer in their new careers... as security guards. When the two are made fall guys for a robbery at a location they are guarding, the pair begin to investigate corruption within the company and their union. They soon make enemies of everyone, but can the unlikely duo save the day? A Manic depressive artist survives a suicidal fall only to be possessed by a murdered gangster, who uses the artist to seek vengeance on those that ended his life. A miss-matched couple embark on a frantic search for the Dead Sea Scroll hidden in the ancient city of Petra. After losing his mother and best friend unexpectedly a husband and father of eight starts to lose touch with reality then, all hell breaks loose. Haunted by memories as a child soldier in 1980s Iran, Behrouz finds himself in bustling, neon-soaked Los Angeles, working to become a real estate agent and live a simple life with his girlfriend Oksana. But Behrouz's attempts at a normal life become increasingly difficult as his opium addiction and gambling habit rear their ugly heads, and he struggles to leave behind his past with the Iranian mafia. Soon Behrouz and Oksana find themselves caught between the feuding heads of the Iranian and Russian mobs.  This film finds Angelique in a North African Muslim kingdom where she is now part of the Sultan's harem. The first part of the film consist of her angrily refusing to be bedded as well as their trying to literally beat some sense into her. It all seems to go on too long and I was surprised that the Sultan simply didn't have her killed. Late in the film, she finally decides to escape with the help of two Christian prisoners. A young boy's father gets killed unexpectedly by a fierce crowd. After fifteen years, the boy comes back to seek his vengeance. Neenu leads a selfless life helping others in need without expecting anything in return. In the meantime, the police and an underworld don are on the lookout for him over a multi-crore property. A trio of accidental outlaws travel the length of New Zealand, protesting conformity and chasing lost love, with a posse of cops and a media frenzy in pursuit. A wacky 60s spy spoof. Frederick Schopner, a young management consultant, has been invited to participate in a special kind of team-building event. He and his colleagues will be chased across an outdoor obstacle course while being assessed on leadership qualities and their capacity for teamwork via video surveillance. Special highlight: the company has hired two over-the-hill actors to kidnap the consultants with unloaded weapons, keep them hostage, and to demand a high ransom from the company. A realistic role play with fun factor! But things don't go according to plan: the actors find the make-believe scenario so convincing that they decide to put the plan into action for real, using real weapons. Meanwhile, Human Resources manager Vanessa is observing what's happening via video surveillance and has to find a way to keep the hostage situation from escalating... When a Japanese pilot crash-lands on the tiny remote Hawaiian island of Ni'ihau, he is met with courtesy and traditional Hawaiian hospitality from the locals - until they discover he was part of the recent attack on Pearl Harbor. Logan Chandler, a young MMA fighter seeks to overcome a troubled past and build a new life based on a new faith and a new found love, but is forced back into the fighting world by Hayden Dressler, a local MMA professional.  Martial-arts legend Jackie Chan presents this pulse-pounding update to his own classic thriller. Finding himself at a murder scene, bike courier Li Ziwei tries to escape, but the culprits force him off a bridge. The amnesia from his head injuries means he can't recognize the faces of his enemies, who have framed him for the crime. Now, carrying the parcel that's his only clue, and with the help of sassy hitchhiker Tong Xin, Li Ziwei must outrun killers and cops while racing to clear his name of the mysterious murder. Female Mongolian wrestler, Na Ren, was invited to participate in a women's wrestling show in Japan. The show host, Boss, instantaneously changed the competition to mud wrestling and Na Ren was forced to compete.  Later on, Na Ren discovered that Boss was actually her childhood playmate, Chi Na Si, who was banned from Sumo wrestling five years ago. Knowing that Boss had deceived her, Na Ren was nonetheless determined to awaken his consciousness and good heart through love. Game of Assassins is about General Tu Jia who trains a trio of young assassins to seek revenge against villainous King of Wei. And one of the assassins succumbs to the dark side for temptation of wealth and power.  For an important case, a policeman needs the help of his former best friend to impersonate the daughter of a foreign dignitary in a beauty pageant. A violent greaser gang is ripped apart when their leader finds love and is determined to leave Badsville - a town where love doesn't exist. The shogunate announced "ninja prohibition order". Gohime (Aoi Morikawa) and her party travel to Edo to ask for Nagano han's relief. Denzo (Dean Fujioka) is a former ninja, with a mysterious past, now travelling with Gohime's party as security. While in the mountain, their group is attacked by a monster. Only Gohime and Denzo survive. Denzo aims to protect Gohime from the monster, but they also develop feelings for each other. Jennifer Hills is still tormented by the brutal sexual assault she endured years ago. She's changed identities and cities, reluctantly joining a support group where she begins to piece together a new life. But when her new friend's murderer goes free and the tales of serial rapists haunt her, Jennifer will hunt down the men responsible and do what the system won't - make them pay for their crimes in the most horrific ways imaginable. Only this time, no jury may be able to save her. A police officer is forced to work for two warring crime syndicates while under an internal investigation. Executive George Dupler loses his temper and is demoted to the night manager at a 24 hour drugstore. After he suggests to his teenage son Freddie that he stop having an affair with suburban housewife Cheryl Gibbons, who is a distant cousin, Cheryl tries to seduce George. At home, in front of his mother, Freddie accuses his dad of stealing his girl, because he found Cheryl serving George a meal in the middle of the night, while her husband Bobby was on duty at the fire station. George then separates from his wife Helen, quits his job, moves into a warehouse, and asks Cheryl to move in with him Introverted Juan, manager of a mannequin factory, lives alone with his eighteen-year-old gay son, Pablo. Whilst Pablo blithely studies dance, Juan is hoping that, after twenty-five years at the firm, his boss will consider him for a partnership. When Pablo is badly wounded in a brutal homophobic attack which sees him hospitalised, his father realises just how far they have become estranged. A lack of witnesses and expensive medical bills force Juan to leave the quiet stability of his life for good and reposition himself in a world where there is discrimination. Time and again his efforts come to nought, until one night on the streets of Santiago he makes up his own rules in order to save his son. In his 5th stand-up special, Paavam (Innocent) comedian Kenny Sebastian talks about moving cities, his parents and why he is a former nice guy. Chul-soo is a man with an intellectual disability.  One day, Chul-soo finds out that a young girl, Saet-byul, who is in hospital is his daughter.  And soon, Saet-byul sneaks out of the hospital and travels by herself to a faraway city for her friend's birthday.  As Chul-soo accompanies Saet-byul's journey, friendship develops between the two. When Mahendra, the son of Bahubali, learns about his heritage, he begins to look for answers. His story is juxtaposed with past events that unfolded in the Mahishmati Kingdom. A documentary of uncompromising, outlaw, cult underground filmmaker Jim Van Bebber, covering his life from 2010-2015 while he tries to make a comeback and make a new exploitation film after years of struggling to work. An alien from another planet with great super powers comes to earth to destroy the whole human race by possessing their bodies. Alien bounty hunters Staleth is sent with Colinus to try to stop him before its too late. Determined to pass down his art, the Final Master of Wing Chun is caught in a power struggle with malicious local officials and ultimately must choose between personal honor and his master's dying wish. As Batman hunts for the escaped Joker, the Clown Prince of Crime attacks the Gordon family to prove a diabolical point mirroring his own fall into madness. A young man has a mere six hours to escape with his best friend from their hometown before a nuclear reactor explodes. The story of a teenager and his new group of friends being hunted in the night by a mask wearing killer. Towards the end of the American Civil War, a rebel captain flees to Colorado to join a band of Southern mercenaries. He drags an innocent gold prospecting couple into trouble when the husband is accused of a murder he committed. This story explores the inner world of a rebel who belongs to an ultra-leftist underground outfit that is battling the government forces. Seriously injured during an ambush, he hides out in a village, his fate dependent on the mercy of the villagers. They believe he is to blame for the death of the innocent native girl killed during the ambush. Left alone with his disturbing thoughts, he will have to dependent on the kindness of strangers, loyalty of his comrades and sheer will power to survive. Centered on ex-mixed martial arts artist Sooraj and sculptor artist Jenny. Their fate intertwines when their past are revealed in their blooming relationship. Hilarity ensues when friends Jeff and Derek try to enter the world of back bar wrestling; where the most beautiful girls could beat the tar out of both of them without a second thought. Even with a little help from the notorious Buckle Girls, can Jeff survive a fight against Switchblade Rick for not only the title, but the heart of the girl he loves? Kaalam Maari Pochu is a 1996 Tamil comedy film directed by V. Sekhar. The film features Pandiarajan, Sangita, Vadivelu, Kovai Sarala, R. Sundarrajan and Rekha in lead roles. The film had musical score by Deva and was released on 13 April 1996 and emerged as one of the blockbusters of 1996. Based on the book series by David Paulides, an investigation into the many disappearances that have occurred in National Parks and Forests of the United States and elsewhere over several decades. Baaghi is the story of Ronny, a rebellious 23-year-old from Delhi. Fearing his unruly and angry temperament his father sends him to a disciplinary academy set in a sleepy town in Kerala. While traveling to the academy he meets Siya who also carries a rebellious streak but nonetheless spark fly between them. After his enrollment, Ronny encounters the star student Raghav and things get awry between them when Raghav falls for Siya as well. Years later Ronny is informed that Siya is abducted and is called upon for help to rescue her from the gritty underbelly of Thailand. Lost in the midst of a new city Ronny comes face to face with his nemesis, Raghav. They both still love Siya unconditionally and are in a battle to win her heart. But there will be only one person who will. Who will it be the rebellious Ronny or the furious Raghav? While traveling across country with her fiance, Beth wakes alone in an isolated clinic to a mother's worst nightmare. Just how far will she go to save her child? A post-apocalyptic tale, in which a lone man fights his way across America in order to protect a sacred book that holds the secrets to saving humankind. A young nurse downloads an app that tells her she only has three days to live. With time ticking away and a mysterious figure haunting her, she must find a way to save her life before time runs out. A white school teacher takes over a talented, but undisciplined black high school basketball team and turns them into a winning team. What is that thing Jack is building in his cellar?  How could such a device be used?  Perhaps it has something to do with that creature out in the woods... DANGER DIVA is a cyberpunk musical/thriller about a hard rocking singer who is coerced into becoming an electronically enhanced new-music diva by her high tech billionaire patron. 2015 Malayalam thriller film written and directed by Ranjith. It features Mohanlal as Raju and Andrea Jeremiah as Jayanthi in lead roles along with Ajmal Ameer, Siddique, Mythili, Tini Tom, Vijayaraghavan, Renji Panicker and V. K. Prakash in significant roles. The film is produced by Antony Perumbavoor under the banner Aashirvad Cinemas. Johnny Holliday, a charming American biker space outlaw, leads a motley wild bunch of rebel bandits in a collision course with legendary villain Kathulo to determine the fate of the galaxy. Along the way, Johnny also has to face off with Ramona Sanchez, a hot-headed childhood rival who now protects their town of Rio Bravo as a hard-ass hardcore cop, enforcing the law with an iron fist. Three years after the demise of Jurassic World, a volcanic eruption threatens the remaining dinosaurs on the isla Nublar, so Claire Dearing, the former park manager, recruits Owen Grady to help prevent the extinction of the dinosaurs once again. Abhi stirs up a hornets nest when he helps the sister of an underworld kingpin elope on her wedding day. Then he falls for the don's other sister, Rai. What transpires is a rib-tickling game of cat and mouse. Augustus Gladstone believes he's immortal. Squatting in an abandoned hotel in Portland, he shares colorful tales of his 150 year existence. From his travels across America during the depression, to befriending Andy Warhol, to seeing the 1900 Paris Expo, Augustus charms the film crew who discovered him on You Tube. Eventually Augustus sets out to find his only living descendant: Lucky Gladstone. His sojourn causes the crew to question their responsibility to Augustus, their subject. The Immortal Augustus Gladstone is about myth, mortality, and a film about film making. No one is safe when seemingly random killings emerge as a deadly pattern intended to usher in the end of the world.  A murder victim with the same DNA as Christ. A serial killer mimicking the deaths of the 12 Apostles. Inspector Niemans and a young, rebellious detective team up with a beautiful expert in religion to crack the case before their elusive suspect completes the cycle of terror, paving the way to an even bigger bloody catastrophe.  The stooges make a whole batch of homemade beer, but get tossed in jail when Curly sells some to a cop. Their minor indiscretion turns into a forty year sentence when a keg of beer Curly has hidden under his coat explodes while the boys are being photographed. In prison the stooges get into more trouble with the warden and wind on the rockpile when they try to escape. Released as old men with long gray beards, the first thing Curly wants is a bottle of beer.  A group of aspiring filmmakers must overcome a series of obstacles and conflicts as they strive to complete their cinematic masterpiece. The story follows Carol Danvers as she becomes one of the universe's most powerful heroes when Earth is caught in the middle of a galactic war between two alien races. Set in the 1990s, Captain Marvel is an all-new adventure from a previously unseen period in the history of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Two somewhat insane hicks are sent forth by their father to resolve the feud between two families in as bloody a manner as possible. Joe Buck is a wide-eyed hustler from Texas hoping to score big with wealthy New York City women; he finds a companion in Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo, an ailing swindler with a bum leg and a quixotic fantasy of escaping to Florida. Bond... James Bond! Perhaps the greatest fictional cinema icon ever. He first appeared on the big screen in 1962 in Dr. No and has remained the most powerful action hero ever since. The secret to his success is his adaptability. No matter what tight spots he finds himself in, he always appears to be suave, sophisticated and cool. This is the full story -- from the creation of the character, the men who played him, all the toys, and all the women. Everything you wanted to know about James Bond... and more. When Damon Miller, a talented, young London filmmaker becomes involved in the disturbing research surrounding Near-Earth Objects he stumbles onto the discovery that the Earth stands on the brink of an extraterrestrial disaster. A master strategist is appointed following Veerappan's unabashed spate of crimes and murders. The official puts in place Operation Cocoon, which involves setting up a network of spies and informers. Dead Rush is the end of the world, as we know it. Seen through the eyes of one  man - David - As he takes us through his journey: before, during and after the zombie outbreak. Two lads receive a simple job with a big payout. All is not as it seems and if they break The Three Don'ts, they could be in for a world of hurt. A new movie from Raj Kakra, Based on 1984 incident in Punjab  The most prominent heads of state in the world begin gathering for a conference that could have a major impact on global politics. When MI-7 receives word that the Chinese premier has become the target of some high-powered killers, it falls on Johnny English to save the day. Armed with the latest high-tech weaponry and gadgets that would make even James Bond jealous, the once-disgraced agent uncovers evidence of a massive conspiracy involving some of the world's most powerful organisations, and vows to redeem his tarnished reputation by stopping the killers before they can strike. Suresh Gopi's character name in this film is Rudra Simhan who is a yogi who gave up all worldly pleasures by listening to the call of his soul. When he comes back to his homeland after a long journey he comes in to the life of Haimavathi. A young man's sudden discovery of his father's past life, changes him from an aspiring professional boxer to a thug, destroying his career and his relationship with those who care for him. When Michael Briskett meets the perfect woman, his ideal Christmas dream comes true when she invites him to her family's holiday celebration. Dreams shattered, Michael struggles to survive once he realizes HE will be Christmas dinner. The 11 year old Jimmy Spencer is not interested in the kids of his neighborhood. Instead he is playing with his imaginary siblings in his room - day in and day out, giving them own names and voices. Only when he joins a theatre group, he starts to enjoy the interactions between him and other children. For the first thine his parents experience him as a happy child.  When Jimmys's mother, JIL, falls sick, his world is falling apart. Desperately he is looking for something that will help his mother. He finally has the idea to be part of a major motion picture as he believes that his mother will do everything it takes to get well and see him in his movie. With much enthusiasm he is following his plan, but his dream seems to fall thru as he is faced with new obstacles at every turn of his journey, until he meets a very special person. To an undercover detective and his partner, events seem like typical gangland power struggle, but a feared criminal puppeteer seeks a powerful artifact with which to change the balance of ... A man's attempt to clear his father's name leads him to a crumbling mansion inhabited by a mysterious young woman... Emergency has been declared in India. Maharani Gitanjali from one of Rajasthan's princely states has already lost her privy purse. Now, she fears that she will lose the last treasure chest of gold which has been forcibly taken away from her. So she asks her trusted lieutenant, Bhawani to step in and plan a heist. The storyline is about 3 characters of Babbu Maan in different places and in different eras but the three stories told are love stories of the individual. A strong, compassionate lover teamed with different women in different places. They have shown the yesteryear in a rural village of Punjab, today's story in modern Punjab and Chandigarh and another story setup in Canada. Patricia Arquette stars as American widow Laura Bowman, a young doctor who's unwittingly drawn into political turmoil while vacationing in Burma in the late 1980s, in this fictionalized drama based on actual events. Bowman initially left San Francisco with her sister (Frances McDormand) in an attempt to escape painful memories of her husband and son's violent deaths. But her fight to escape to Thailand could prove just as harrowing. Seven executives die while on a video conference call, the victims of a rapidly spreading virus. Dr. Samantha Craig (Janine Turner) and disgraced doctor Nick Baldwin (Antonio Sabato Jr.) investigate, tracking the disease to a rival firm able to spread computer viruses to humans. They also discover the virus has killed before and is continuing on its deadly path, unless someone can stop it. For three and a half hours, in the pouring rain, amid the mud and shattered trees of a rubber plantation called Long Tan, Major Harry Smith and his dispersed company of 108 young and mostly inexperienced Australian and New Zealand soldiers are fighting for their lives, holding off an overwhelming enemy force of 2,500 battle hardened Viet Cong and North Vietnamese soldiers. With their ammunition running out, their casualties mounting and the enemy massing for a final assault, each man begins to search for the strength to triumph over an uncertain future with honour, decency and courage. To catch Interpol's most-wanted hacker, special Agent Dada must assemble a team of criminals with  various special skillsets. When an IMF mission ends badly, the world is faced with dire consequences. As Ethan Hunt takes it upon himself to fulfill his original briefing, the CIA begin to question his loyalty and his motives. The IMF team find themselves in a race against time, hunted by assassins while trying to prevent a global catastrophe. Set in the late 1920s, The Age of Shadows follows the cat-and-mouse game that unfolds between a group of resistance fighters trying to bring in explosives from Shanghai to destroy key Japanese facilities in Seoul, and Japanese agents trying to stop them. An innocent discovery of a well-preserved mummified Emperor from 200 BC China unearths a 2000 year old nightmare - a secret that should have remained buried. Join uptight David Starsky and laid-back Ken "Hutch" Hutchinson as they're paired for the first time as undercover cops. The new partners must overcome their differences to solve an important case with help from street informant Huggy Bear and persuasive criminal Reese Feldman. When a mysterious loner and Karate master Kenji's little sister goes missing in Los Angeles, whoever stands in his way of finding her will face the wrath of a lethal KARATE KILL! | A group of 5 people find themselves trapped in an elevator in the World Trade Center's North Tower on 9/11. They work together, never giving up hope, to try to escape before the unthinkable happens. Tiger Bhai and Golden Bhai are the Kaminey dons, no one dares to stand in front of them and what they say they make it happen. Tiger wants to take over golden's territory and wishes to be the only and biggest don. He hatches a plan of getting his daughter to get married to golden's son. A macho toy arcade prize is quick to judge a young girl who wants to win him, and goes on a life changing journey in attempt to stop her from winning enough tickets and taking him home. To save the universe, and their friendship, Mordecai and Rigby must defeat an evil volleyball coach. A small town insurance salesman is terrorized by the corrupt men behind Huntsacker Industries after he witnesses the filming of a snuff movie. A young man tries to make a case for his neighbouring village, which depends on his village for water. However, the men who call the shots in the place, especially the father of the girl he is in love with, will not give in that easily. A young couple who are so poor that they have to work as hired killers. Four best friends from boarding school decide to attend a massive blow-out High School graduation party on Block Island. After missing the last ferry they decide to hire a fishing boat to take them on what should be a simple journey. What they get is the trip from hell, with a captain and his first mate that have no intention of taking the kids to Block Island, putting them into a fight to survive and to simply make it back to land... any land. A sting operation by the FBI on illegal gun trafficking leads to the arrest of arms dealing kingpin Charles Rainer. On December 31, 1984 he is about to be sentenced for his crimes in Haywood, Arizona. Rainer's female assassins have other plans for local law enforcement and due process when they siege the courthouse in an attempt to break him out on the night of his sentencing. During a courtroom shoot-out Rainer is taken hostage by a group of surviving security guards. A vicious cat and mouse game of survival erupts between the security guards and assassins as they try to rescue their leader. A night of justice turns into a night of death as the action rings like thunder. A few decades from now - Sienna, a rebellious robot-fighting arms dealer, lives on a post-apocalyptic Earth. When the cities start to fall under the control of the A.I. Scourge, a hyper-weaponized robot army, Sienna decides to leave the Earth and journey to the centre of the galaxy, seeking a mythical weapon that can neutralize any form of A.I.Pursued by giant machines, Sienna loses everything she cares about in an effort to save the last vestiges of humanity in an A.I. controlled galaxy. An undercover cop finds himself in a Catch-22 situation where he has to return the drugs he had stolen from a kingpin in exchange for his son. The bag containing the drug goes missing, and with both gangsters and cops on his tail, can he get out of this mess? A squad of soldiers fight in the Korean War's crucial Battle of Incheon. Terry is a small-time car dealer trying to leave his shady past behind and start a family. Martine is a beautiful model from Terry's old neighbourhood who knows that Terry is no angel. When Martine proposes a foolproof plan to rob a bank, Terry recognises the danger but realises this may be the opportunity of a lifetime. As the resourceful band of thieves burrows its way into a safe-deposit vault at a Lloyds Bank, they quickly realise that, besides millions in riches, the boxes also contain secrets that implicate everyone from London's most notorious underworld gangsters to powerful government figures, and even the Royal Family. Although the heist makes headlines throughout Britain for several days, a government gag order eventually brings all reporting of the case to an immediate halt. Two star-crossed lovers must battle the forces which try to keep them apart at different timelines and at different world's.  A visually spectacular dystopian take on an Arab world torn apart by social disorder. Three very different people from three very different worlds collide one winter afternoon in an anarchic Kolkata. In the distant future, mankind lives on Mars, in cities that resemble those once found on Earth, protected from the alien atmosphere by dome-like force-fields. When a massive sandstorm breaks through the dome and destroys Mars New York, those in Mars Los Angeles must figure out how to stop the storm before it wipes them out next. A Filipino general who believes he can turn the tide of battle in the Philippine-American war. But little does he know that he faces a greatest threat to the country's revolution against the invading Americans. Madrid, summer 2011. Economic crisis. 15-M movement and 1.5 million pilgrims waiting for the Pope's arrival live side by side in a Madrid that's hotter and more chaotic than ever. In this context, detectives Velarde and Alfaro must find what seems to be a serial killer. Their against-the-clock hunt will make them realise something they'd never imagined: neither of them are so very different from the killer. A vigilante hijacks a police car and prowls the streets of Los Angeles disguised as a cop, serving his own brand of street justice. Three college friends go to the biggest party of the year, each looking for something different: love, sex and a simple human connection. When a supernatural phenomenon disrupts the party, it lights a fuse on what will become the strangest night anyone has ever seen. As the three friends struggle to find what they're looking for, the party quickly descends into a chaos that challenges if they can stay friends or if they can even stay alive. After being rushed to a flight by her mother at the airport, a young girl loses her most prized possession, a plush toy named Daru. Awakened by the girl's tears, Daru sets forth on a grand adventure to find her, crossing continents, communicating with animals and statues alike, and even making a new caterpillar friend along the way. As time passes, will Daru ever be reunited with his beloved owner? An elite team of DEA agents are assigned to protect a dangerous drug lord and take refuge in a luxury hotel while they await extraction. They soon find themselves at the center of an ambush as the drug lord's former associates launch an explosive assault on the hotel. Once the commanding officer of a cavalry patrol is killed, the ranking officer who must take command is an army doctor. Tom, an over-worked husband and father, abandons his dead-end job to follow his dream of owning his own business. The only problem: he invested everything in a mechanic shop that has a lien in favor of his arch enemy and must now enter a dirt track race to win the prize money and save his family from ruin. On a dark night, the Japanese police is raided by a spy. Different countries' intelligence agencies--such as England's MI6, Germany's BDN, and America's CIA--as well as the FBI's secret files are going to be taken, but public safety officers lead by Tooru Amuro arrive just in time. The spy steals a car and escapes. The spy and Amuro are then locked in a dead heat on the highway, and just as it is about to cause an accident with multiple cars, the spy's car is hit by FBI agent Shuichi Akai's rifle bullet and falls of the roadway.  The next day, Conan and his friends go to a newly-remodeled aquarium in Tokyo. Under the main attraction, a Ferris wheel, Conan finds an attractive woman alone and injured. Her left and right eyes are different colors. In December 2014, Mama Rainbow -a film about six Chinese mothers accepting their gay children -was deleted from Chinese video websites with no explanation. Now the filmmaker, Popo Fan, is on a quest to fight it. Interviews with Popo's lawyer, journalists, activists, and commentators, alternate with the endless laws and regulations to interrogate China's systemic use of censorship. When her rather explicit copy is rejected, magazine journalist Kate is asked by her editor to come up with an article on loving relationships instead, and to do so by the end of the day. This gets Kate thinking back over her own various experiences, and to wondering if she is in much of a position to write on the subject. After Kick-Ass' insane bravery inspires a new wave of self-made masked crusaders, he joins a patrol led by the Colonel Stars and Stripes. When these amateur superheroes are hunted down by Red Mist -- reborn as The Mother Fucker -- only the blade-wielding Hit-Girl can prevent their annihilation. When the white fox spirit falls for a naive mortal girl, his loyalties are tested in the clash between humans and demons. After a young woman is kidnapped, her captors soon come to realize that in fact they may be the ones in danger and this young woman has a dark secret inside her.  Thap and Sin are a homeless musician brothers who came across a village that was raided by Khun Ram who tries to stir up controversy in the kingdom of Siam. Thap seeks justice for the villagers and sets off to Jantaboon cit which is in Khun Rams residence. He then meets his old lover AungKarb which is the Prince Jantaboon's concubine and also works under Khun Rams. On the way to meet the prince Thap encounters enemies but Boonma and Sin saves his life. Thap decides to join Sin in his mission to take down Kkum Ram. Meanwhile , Khun Ram robs and destroy another village and frames Sin. Khun Ram plans to take down Prince Jantaboon and take over the kingdom but Thap and his friends are determined to put a stop to his plan. The story of a hitman for the drug cartels in Ciudad Juarez, Mexico. A zombie outbreak has fallen upon the land in this reimagining of Jane Austen's classic tale of the tangled relationships between lovers from different social classes in 19th century England. Feisty heroine Elizabeth Bennet (Lily James) is a master of martial arts and weaponry and the handsome Mr. Darcy (Sam Riley) is a fierce zombie killer, yet the epitome of upper class prejudice. As the zombie outbreak intensifies, they must swallow their pride and join forces on the blood-soaked battlefield in order to conquer the undead once and for all. Wu-Lin is the successor of an ancient, once powerful Chinese clan, the "Iron Feet." After the death of his master, Wu-Lin leaves his rural village for the City of Stone-Cold looking for his fellow apprentice Jiang Li. Along the way, he becomes the bodyguard of Fei-Fei, the daughter of Jia-Shan Li, the richest family in the city, and quickly gets drawn into a mob war in order to protect her. An improv group deals with several crises, including the loss of their lease and one member hitting the big time. The quiet family life of Nels Coxman, a snowplow driver, is upended after his son's murder. Nels begins a vengeful hunt for Viking, the drug lord he holds responsible for the killing, eliminating Viking's associates one by one. As Nels draws closer to Viking, his actions bring even more unexpected and violent consequences, as he proves that revenge is all in the execution. A dark comedy about brothers running a drug-dealing business out of their takeout pizzeria. Gourishankar is an eyewitness to the murder of an honest customs officer Sudarshan Kumar who dared to defy Jethia, the kingpin of an organization of cocaine smugglers called "Shangrila". The smugglers implicate Gourishankar in a false theft charge and his wife dies of shock. The evil organisation kills his son and kidnaps his daughter. Gourishankar only mission in life is to find his daughter and take revenge on Jethia. A young woman (Tansy Parkinson) who possesses the supernatural powers and visions of an upcoming apocalypse is aided by a retired bounty hunter who must protect her from those who wish to use her abilities for evil. A cruel business official attacks a tribal village for a stone which the people treat it as something special a guy who thinks he is somehow related to the stone comes to their aid. After the death of his wife and father, Kudret, who has always lived by the book, decides to go on a road trip to save a girl. A wild animal attacks six medical students on a weekend hike in the woods. One by one, they become infected with a "feral disease," turning them into rabid, bloodthirsty creatures, and the vacation becomes a nightmare as they fight to survive each other. Chicano gangster Micky Solis finds that his family has been slaughtered by the Chinese mob. His whole life force turns to finding the killers. A slick lawyer (Angus MacFadyen) leads Micky to a "nun" (Paz De La Huerta) who shows him who the killers are that took his family from him. Micky unleashes a war of bullets and emotions on the family until each one dies by the same sword they wielded. The only thought on Micky's mind is REVENGE: VENGANZA. A woman runs a massage parlor in Dharavi, Mumbai. Inspired by one of the longest and bloodiest real-life events in police history, Officer Mike Chandler and a young civilian passenger find themselves under-prepared and outgunned when fate puts them squarely in the crosshairs of a daring bank heist in progress by a fearless team of highly-trained and heavily-armed men. You, Frank Zimosa, are dead - brutally killed by the Mistandrian Cultists and trapped in the nightmarish Hotel Inferno: a special layer of Hell where demons co-exist with cultists, providing them dark, forbidden knowledge in exchange for endless pain and suffering. Alongside another tormented soul, trapped in the inferno since the Middle Ages, you must locate the five elements comprising the human soul - so that you may reclaim your physical form on Earth - before your body rots away. Do you have the strength to face the hordes of hell and take the first element - The Fire - from the hands of its powerful, ancient protector? There's only one way to find out.  A brother's journey to unravel the truth about the mythic death and little known life of Kitty Genovese, who was reportedly murdered in front of 38 witnesses and has become the face of urban apathy. A couple on a road trip across the country are thrown into a situation that is beyond their control. A woman is shot at and her daughter kidnapped by an international gang of arms dealer. Who is this woman and how does she fight back to save her daughter -- and her nation? Something nasty is lurking inside a secure storage unit. When a group of people get trapped inside, they need to find a way to get out of a building that's designed to keep things in... After an apocalypse of questionable origin, Private James Conroy is living in an abandoned shack at the base of a radio tower. When Conroy finally contacts Garry Freeman, marooned in a space station, they have to learn to work together if they're going to save themselves, and maybe all of civilization. The leader of CIS goes missing. Clank tries his best to track down an arms dealer in league with a dangerous organization while the agents rebuild their former status. All changes when a stranger appears from a shadowy past. The NRI's are back to Hyderabad after a long time. They accidentally brush against Ismail the local leader. Ismail comes to know that NRI are back again. He calls Salim and begin their hunt again to take the old revenge. A man travelling to the United States meets a mysterious woman and gets wrapped up in an investigation when authorities mistake him for a notorious criminal. An idealistic cop and an ambitious scientist-businessman indulge in a high-stake battle of wits. Karthi's lover Indu is kidnapped by her uncle, who works as an underling to Paraman, a gangster. Meanwhile, Shiva, his friend, murders Paraman's brother, Bala, with whom he has a history. Now, the gangster is baying for blood... A tramp steals a girl's handbag, but when he tries to pick Charlie's pocket loses his cigarettes and matches. He rescues a hot dog man from a thug, but takes a few with his walking stick. When the thief tries to take some of Charlie's sausages, Charlie gets the handbag. The handbag makes its way from person to person to its owner, who is angry with her boyfriend who didn't protect her in the first place. The boyfriend decides to throw himself in the lake in despair, so Charlie helps him out. In the wake of his dramatic escape from captivity, Jesse Pinkman must come to terms with his past in order to forge some kind of future. At a St. Petersburg boarding school, a new life began for the ten-year-old Alyosha, who was accustomed parental attention. Missing his home, Alyosha created an imaginary magic world of underground dwellers, with a king and his subjects who very much resembled the people surrounding the boy. Alyosha experienced many interesting adventures in this mysterious fairy tale. However, he failed to keep the cherished secret of its existence in the real life. And the underground dwellers left him for good... An NRI comes to Chennai and starts a real estate business. Even as his venture picks up, he learns that he is being cheated by a person he trusts the most and is jailed for fraud. How does he get out the web of deceit? A film directed by John Hunt Sorry daddy is a filmcentring around the turbulent relationship between Inspector Ravi and children, a relationship which is affected by children's issues with alcohol abuse and temperament. When a smuggler kills his sister, a mentally impaired man (Rajnikanth) vows to deliver justice and joins a martial arts school. He trains hard there to become a master fighter, honing his fighting skills. Taking on a new identity, Paayum Puli (Pouncing Tiger), he sets off for revenge, but a beautiful woman (Radha) soon puts a hitch in his plans. Manorama, Silk Smitha and Jaishankar also star in this action-packed movie. RX Suri is inspired from the life story of Paritaala Soori, who was infamous for his criminal activities in the Rayalaseema province of Andhra Pradesh. Photographer Phil Toledano has become obsessed with his future. Using DNA tests, fortune tellers, and a prosthetic makeup artist, he begins photographing the many dark possibilities that might await him -- despite his wife's pleas to abandon the project. Over three years, Toledano's obsession alters him and his family forever. When the crew of an American tugboat boards an abandoned Russian research vessel, the alien life form aboard regards them as a virus which must be destroyed. "Muffin Top: A Love Story" is the story of Suzanne (Cathryn Michon) a Women's Studies Pop Culture professor at Malibu University, who studies images of women in the media for a living, and yet is made insecure by the constant parade of female perfection that is our airbrushed culture. She has been going through IVF treatments to get pregnant by her network executive husband (Diedrich Bader), but discovers on her birthday, that her husband has knocked up his younger, skinnier, co-worker (Haylie Duff) and wants a divorce. Happy Birthday! She goes on to find a more authentic version of who she really is, despite the delights of being suddenly single in Los Angeles, where low self-esteem for women is our number one export to the world. Scientists working at a government research facility use prehistoric DNA to resurrect a T-Rex who escapes from the lab to terrorize a nearby town. A logger defends his family from a group of dangerous drug runners. A thief expert with blowtorch is hired by a group of the Russian mob for a bank assault. In his 5th stand-up special, Paavam (Innocent) comedian Kenny Sebastian talks about moving cities, his parents and why he is a former nice guy. MERCS Movie (2017)  Graphic novel, action feature film. Set in a Hyper Reality world where soldiers for hire clash and bullets fly. A mix of live action and animation bring this classic tale of action, revenge, retribution and friendship to life. A dark twisted tale not for the faint hearted. When his fiancee is kidnapped by human traffickers, Roman and his ex-military brothers set out to track her down and save her before it is too late. Along the way, Roman teams up with Avery, a cop investigating human trafficking and fighting the corrupt bureaucracy that has harmful intentions. When his fiancee is kidnapped by human traffickers, Roman and his ex-military brothers set out to track her down and save her before it is too late. Along the way, Roman teams up with Avery, a cop investigating human trafficking and fighting the corrupt bureaucracy that has harmful intentions. A private investigator reads a book of sinister origins and unknowingly puts his daughter and himself in a fight for their lives...and their eternal souls. Based on a shocking true story, Killer Elite pits two of the world's most elite operatives--Danny, an ex-special ops agent and Hunter, his longtime mentor--against the cunning leader of a secret military society. Covering the globe from Australia to Paris, London and the Middle East, Danny and Hunter are plunged into a highly dangerous game of cat and mouse--where the predators become the prey. The story of the miraculous evacuation of Allied soldiers from Belgium, Britain, Canada and France, who were cut off and surrounded by the German army from the beaches and harbour of Dunkirk between May 26th and June 4th 1940 during World War II. A young gymnast battles a group of bank robbers at the home of her boyfriend. An attack on the new President of a fledgling Eastern European democracy pits an American covert operative against the country's ruthless military leader determined to seize control of the government. Teens are being kidnapped and turned into an army of zombies.  But with the power of the Gods of Olympus one woman will do battle with the demonic mastermind behind the foul plan!  Harry Doyle (Lancaster) and Archie Lang (Douglas) are two old-time train robbers, who held up a train in 1956 and have been incarcerated for thirty years. After serving their time, they are released from jail and have to adjust to a new life of freedom. Harry and Archie realize that they still have the pizzazz when, picking up their prison checks at a bank, they foil a robbery attempt. Archie, who spent his prison time pumping himself up, easily picks up a 20-year-old aerobics instructor. Harry, on the other hand, has to waste away his days in a nursing home. They both have festering resentments -- Archie for having to endure a humiliating job as a busboy; Harry for having to endure patronizing attitudes toward senior citizens. The two old pals finally go back to what they know best. After successfully robbing an armored car, they decide to rob the same train that they robbed thirty years ago. An aging hippie sets out on a trip across America to find his family. Rock Star tells the story of Chris Cole and a rock band called Steel Dragon. Cole is a photocopier technician by day, and the lead singer of a Steel Dragon tribute band called "Blood Pollution" by night.Internal struggles between the Steel Dragon band members culminate with the firing of the lead singer, Bobby Beers and the starting of recruitment sessions to find a new vocalist. Loosely inspired by the true story of the heavy metal band Judas Priest. In an arid and poor region of Brazil, bikers search for a miracle to make it rain and save the land, risking their lives. The story revolves around an easy, happy go lucky girl Needhi Singh (Kulraj Randhawa), until a day that will change her life, forever. She becomes a rebel. A teenage girl on vacation in the Bahamas with her divorced father tries to impress a potential boyfriend by saying that her father is actually her lover. Remake of the 1991 French film Mon pere, ce heros. At the end of the 18th century in Bulgaria under Ottoman slavery, a young woman leaves home and family to become leader of a guerrilla gang. A manifesto for the post-Soviet generation of Lithuanian filmmakers who rejected straightforward declarativity and immersed themselves into the silent observation of reality. Arunas Matelis traces the beginnings of post-Soviet transformation not in the main squares of Vilnius but observes it in the daily life of the inhabitants of Uzupis-a historical quarter of the old town of Vilnius. The film, awarded in the Oberhausen, Bornholm and Parnu film festivals, was also screened as a feature in the Cannes Film Festival. During the last few days of the Warsaw Uprising following World War II, a modest group of Resistance members remains. The band must take refuge in the sewers under the orders of leader Zadra, but it's only a matter of time before they will have to emerge. However, when they try, they are met only with intense hostility from the Nazis. Despite their attempts stay resolute through immense mental strain, it becomes increasingly apparent that they may be doomed. Heather is a shy lady who works in a helpline call centre. When she receives a phone call from a mystery man, she has no idea that the encounter will change her life forever. Ace assassin Frank Kitchen is double crossed by gangsters and falls into the hands of rogue surgeon known as The Doctor who turns him into a woman. The hitman, now a hitwoman, sets out for revenge, aided by a nurse named Johnnie who also has secrets. A courier boy's life turn into unexpected consequences because of a courier received from a social service activist. When a stuntman is mistaken for a police officer, he begins fighting crime. A millionaire entrepreneur invents a new form of ecstasy only for his business to be chased down by the Chinese triads. A woman awakens from a coma after a car accident and begins having shocking visions of her future murder. It's a race against the clock as she tries to solve and prevent her own murder. Historical biographical religious drama film based on the memoirs of Ignatius of Loyola, founder of the Jesuit order who was also canonized as a saint in Roman Catholicism. A young, single pastor needs a date for a church dinner, so he hires his neighbor next door, who works as a prostitute, to accompany him. As she becomes more entangled in his life, her demands become more outrageous. Now he must navigate a moral minefield as he uses the unholy alliance to advance his ministry career. And things get more complicated when he starts to fall in love with her. A comedy about people who desperately want to convert each other.  A young man's life is turned upside down when his violent dreams begin to blend with reality. Set 2 years after prior film "Bayside Shakedown 3: Set the Guys Loose," a major case occurs that has the potential to take down the entire police organization. For the next 3 days, Shunsaku Aoshima (Yuji Oda) and his colleagues struggle to unravel the case... An intense thriller from the frontlines of World War II. As Operation Valkyrie prepares to assassinate Adolph Hitler, an Allied special ops team prepares to extract the man destined to lead post-war Germany. But after Valkyrie fails, everything changes. Now, unlikely allies must work together to stop a group of Nazi Officers from fleeing to Argentina and establishing the Fourth Reich. Get ready for a (literally) breathtaking trek up Mt. Everest, from Base Camp at 17,600 feet; through the chilling, corpse-strewn Death Zone; to the very pinnacle of the the Earth, five and a half miles above sea level. For those brave souls who survive the harrowing climb to the top of the world, it is a transformative experience. But can the excruciating ascent--through frigid cold, blasting wind, blinding sun, and severe lack of oxygen--cause permanent, damaging changes to the human brain and body? In the wake of the 1996 disaster that took eight climbers in a single day, scientists follow a team of hikers to measure, for the first time ever, the toll high-altitude climbing takes on the heart, lungs, blood, and brain. Why do seemingly rational people make poor, sometimes fatal decisions as they approach the peak? And the danger doesn't end there--as NOVA discovers during the descent, when one climber's respiratory illness takes a terrifying turn on the isolated mountainside. A father and his two teenage sons travel to a small mountain cabin for a male bonding adventure. When a lost tourist arrives at the cabin, their male-bonding outing turns into a struggle for survival. With the local police force unwilling to deal with crime, a college student and his gang take it upon themselves to mete out justice in their own way. Agent Matt Graver teams up with operative Alejandro Gillick to prevent Mexican drug cartels from smuggling terrorists across the United States border. The Imperial Empire is attacked by an Alliance of rebels led by fanatical mystics. The ruler, Empress Nobu, the 8th generation of her family, wants to execute a bold plan to rescue a cyborg, Leah C6, trapped on the battle ravaged planet Endor. The Empress believes Leah C6 holds the secret to destroying the Alliance of Rebels before their insurgency can kill millions of citizens of the Empire. She recruits her heroic fleet commander, Lord General Luka Raan and asks him to gather a team from the Empire's elite soldiers, the Galactic Rangers. Raan assembles the team in the ruins of Endor which was attacked by depraved Rebels and outlaws led by, Kindo-Ker, a fanatical mystic in Dark Energy. The Galactic Rangers begin a desperate search to find and rescue Leah C6 before the Alliance Rebels can. Tara Wadia (Farah Karimaee), a singer and girlfriend of a gangster Raghu (Himesh Reshammiya) lives with her mother (Shernaz Patel). She goes to Dublin where she gets detained after being caught with drugs. Tara calls Raghua for help now Raghu must help her and find Anirudh Brahman, the stranger who met Tara on Facebook and invited her to Ireland. Sequel of Comic 8. Eight agents of stand up comedian have a mission to locate the base of a mysterious gambling underground boss named "The King" Maggie (Nikki Fritz) takes matters (among other things) into her hands when her boyfriend gets in over his head with gambling debts. She agrees to be Carl the gangster's sex slave (more or less) for a week. Things get complicated when Carl's personal assistant/undercover agent blackmails Maggie into getting the goods on him. No one seemed to care about Jamie Marks until after his death. Hoping to find the love and friendship he never had in life, Jamie's ghost visits former classmate Adam McCormick, drawing him into the bleak world between the living and the dead.  Blackouts and other mysteries at NAZKA Academy hint at an impending alien invasion. Pooja and Chander Kapoor have a heart-to-heart conversation on the telephone. When they finally meet and all is reveal they both fell in love with each other; Chander lives with his advocate dad Dilip Dev Kapoor while Pooja lives a wealthy but stressful family life with her alcoholic dad, her Dai Maa and a self-senile mother. Unfortunately for them Pooja's parents would like her to marry a person of their choice; this pits Chander against them. Then one day Pooja goes missing and the police headed by a rowdy inspector Mathur arrests Chander for abducting her much to his shock. Then Chander escapes from police custody and begins a man-hunt for Pooja.  Lulek, a hit man, is released from prison and given an offer he can't refuse by the man who put him away. If he kills the chief of the Central Bureau of Investigations, he will earn a huge sum of money and have his record cleared so he can leave. UFC 224: Nunes vs. Pennington is a mixed martial arts event produced by the Ultimate Fighting Championship held on May 12, 2018, at the Jeunesse Arena in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Eight secret agent who poses as 8 comics, back in action, to defeat the Casino King, once and for all. In 1925 Korea, Japanese rulers demand the last remaining tiger be killed. The tiger easily defeats his pursuers until a legendary hunter takes him on. Masaatsu Naito (Kuranosuke Sasaki) successfully completes Sankin-kotai (required ritual to visit the shogun). On his way home, he hears that an insurrection by peasants has taken place in his hometown of Yunagaya. Masaatsu Naito knows that it is a counterattack by Matsudaira. He returns to Yunagaya, but finds that his castle is gone. Robot mercenaries are sent on a mission to activate a machine that will bring about a new age of enlightenment. A gangster in Malaysia goes in search of his family after 25 years of imprisonment. Set in war-torn 800AD Scotland, The Gaelic King tells the story of warrior-king Alpin mac Eachdach. When his young brother is captured, Alpin must hunt the kidnappers though a dark forest that hides an ancient evil. No description. Four very retired, ex-GDR spies, or "Kundschafter des Friedens" as they were officially named, led by the once legendary Jochen Falk, are called on by the German government. Their mission is to rescue the interim president of the divided Republic of Katschekistan, who has been kidnapped by separatists, along with Berlin's official man on the ground, Franz Kern. To keep Jochen and his maybe no longer so crack team under control, all of whom are determined to prove they were treated unfairly by history, they are put under the command of the young and enthusiastic BND agent Paula Kern. Four American friends, badly needing money, decide to make a commando-like raid into a South American drug lord's compound. Blake Redding is trapped in this dark room wanting to protect his love so the only thing he will do is escape like no failed student has done before. A common farmer turns into an IAS police officer to help the poor and fight against corruption and finally taking the revenge of his murdered sister. An ornithologist who commits suicide returns as fifth force to wreack vengeance on mankind for harming birds with mobile phone radiation. The only thing that is standing in his way is 2.0, the upgraded version of Chitti, the robot. Cassidy Red is a western romance set against the backdrop of the 19th century American southwest. The film follows the headstrong daughter of a prostitute who returns to her hometown, seeking vengeance against the corrupt lawman she believes murdered her lover. 1950s New York City. A bad and bloody gang war is about to erupt on the dysfunctional streets of Brooklyn. The Deuces at war with the vicious Vipers. Scott Kalvert directs this tale of lust, drugs, mayhem and madness during one hot summer on the streets of New York. Manji, a highly skilled samurai, becomes cursed with immortality after a legendary battle. Haunted by the brutal murder of his sister, Manji knows that only fighting evil will regain his soul. He promises to help a young girl named Rin avenge her parents, who were killed by a group of master swordsmen led by ruthless warrior Anotsu. The mission will change Manji in ways he could never imagine. With help from Meme Oshino, the apparition specialist, Koyomi defeats the three powerful vampire hunters: Dramaturgy, Episode and Guillotinecutter. Koyomi takes back all the limbs of Kiss-shot Acerola-orion Heart-under-blade in order to become a human again. Deep in the woods of Maine, a broken promise made after the September 11th attacks forces two friends to confront the teenagers they were and the men they've become. A young man uses a bug camera to spy on his ex-girlfriend, then witnesses her abduction. Second Lieutenant Han Sang-Yeol leads his platoon during the Korean War in the early 1950s. He carries emotional scars and pain within. So when he meets some children from a choir, who have lost everything in the war, Sang-Yeol is deeply moved and tries to protect to them. The utopias of "Star Trek: The Next Generation" (1987-1994). One day, technology will let us all live the lives we've always wanted. In a single afternoon a man comes to grips with the power of his past when his estranged family becomes tangled in its web. With this film (the second war trilogy set during the Filipino-American war in the early 1900s), the revolution marches on against the Americans after the bloody death of General Antonio Luna. The conflicted philosophies behind the heroic struggle continue and become personified in the colorful character of General Gregorio "Goyo" del Pilar. Just when his time under house arrest is about to end, Scott Lang once again puts his freedom at risk to help Hope van Dyne and Dr. Hank Pym dive into the quantum realm and try to accomplish, against time and any chance of success, a very dangerous rescue mission. Set in a near-future, militarized world marked by closed borders, virtual labor and a global digital network that joins minds and experiences, three strangers risk their lives to connect with each other and break the barriers of technology. Subramanyam, a businessman, is on his deathbed when he tells his sons about a cunning man who stole most of his wealth. Hearing this, Abhiram, the youngest son, lays out a plan to seek his revenge. A producer challenges a bunch of social media reviewers who have torn his recent masala film to come up with a good script in six months. A prisoner finds a mysterious book in his cell, which transports him to another world. On a Greek island during the 1912 war, several people are trapped by quarantine for the plague. If that isn't enough worry, one of the people, a superstitious old peasant, suspects a young woman of being a vampiric kind of demon called a vorvolaka. A simple man Surya is living a peaceful middle class life but an incident forces him to join hands with criminal forces. A suspected criminal mastermind escapes from police custody, throwing the city into turmoil. With the police department now divided, rival police chiefs are forced to take their fight to the streets of Hong Kong with deadly consequences. Joe Moore has a job he loves. He's a thief. His job goes sour when he gets caught on security camera tape. His fence, Bergman reneges on the money he's owed, and his wife may be betraying him with the fence's young lieutenant. Moore and his partner, Bobby Blane and their utility man, Pinky Pincus find themselves broke, betrayed, and blackmailed. Moore is forced to commit his crew to do one last big job. An outlaw kills a marshal and steals his identity; a Pinkerton pursues him across the open country. It's Not A Race is a 'cinema verite' buddy road movie that chronicles two friends participating in a cross country scooter ride (think Vespas). Shot on the road, as it happened, from Vancouver to Maine during the 10 day 3,487 mile Scooter Cannonball Run. Grey Gardens meets Easy Rider. On scooters. Overview Coming Soon... Amazon Obhijaan will see daredevil adventurer Shankar Choudhury traverse the length and breadth of South America, including the legendary Amazon in search of the mythical city of gold. To this very day kids believe stories of the Wild Soccer Bunch are the best in the whole world and that's why Leo, Elias, Finn, Joshua, Oskar and Matze, replay their heroes' legendary games every spare minute. One day a darkly dressed young man hands them a mysterious map that leads the boys into unknown territory. Here they realise they're in the middle of the Wild Bunch country and that they have been chosen to be the successors of the real, now grown-up Wild Soccer Bunch. Are they wild enough to succeed? Exposure follows a rookie Detroit African-American female cop who stumbles upon corrupt officers who are murdering a drug dealer, an incident captured by her body cam. They pursue her through the night in an attempt to destroy the footage, but to make matters worse, they've tipped off a criminal gang that she's responsible for the dealer's death. A skilled car driver takes on an assignment to deliver a 'package' from Chennai to Uttarkhand. What he doesn't realize is that the young woman who is travelling along with him is the 'package'. What is the mystery around her? Pandian, the son of a cop and a wannabe rowdy, falls in love with Kadambarai, a hearing-impaired girl, who wants him to take on Killivalavan, a gangster-politician who has murdered her parents. Inspired by the true story of Hong Kong's first teenage baseball team. In the 1980s, two childhood friends join the Shatin Martins, a Band 3 school baseball team managed by the school principal. From these humble beginnings, the boys experience camaraderie, fall in love and make fateful decisions that resonate throughout their lives amid a changing Hong Kong and its sporting world. A horrid crime was committed at a wedding reception and bridesmaid Chi Ching was the lone eyewitness. At the police station, she recognised the suspect, Suen Ling, in a line up. She also discovered the affair between this stranger and her lover. All of a sudden the emotional turmoil surrounding her chronic illness resurfaced and quickly grew beyond control. Starring Shaheizy Sam and Zizan Razak, the film follows two policemen, Khai and Sani, who have very different personalities. However, they have to put aside their differences when they have to work together in a mission to defeat a drug trafficking syndicate. Brooklyn mobster and prolific hit man Jimmy Conlon has seen better days. Longtime best friend of a mob boss, Jimmy is haunted by the sins of his past--as well as a dogged police detective who's been one step behind Jimmy for 30 years. But when Jimmy's estranged son becomes a target, Jimmy must make a choice between the crime family he chose and the real family he abandoned long ago. Now, with nowhere safe to turn, Jimmy has just one night to figure out exactly where his loyalties lie and to see if he can finally make things right. A Heist movie in which two victims of the grasping GREEDY BANKERS decide it's time for a special kind of revenge. Silver-tongued  Jimmy  Skinford  is  on  the  run  with  the  only  person  he  can  trust,  Zo-phia,  a  woman  hunted  by  every  underworld  crook  in  town  for  her  coveted  curse  of  immortality.  To  stop  the  relentless  onslaught  of  violence  and  get  their  lives  back  they  must  search  through  Zophia's  past  to  fnd  a  cure.  But  what  future  can  you  have  when  your  survival  depends  on  losing  the  one  thing  keeping  you  alive? A love story played out against the backdrop of World War II. Beginning of January 2011, during the Tunisian revolution, Mohamed, a political prisoner, escapes from jail and returns to his native town Thala. He finds it in the midst of a revolt. He has only one goal: to find his fiancee Hourya. Mohamed is helped in his flight by Belgacem a coalman and former agent of the regime who is hoping to be redeemed. He hides Mohamed in his garage. On the night of January 9th, Mohamed witnesses yet another slaughter. As he carries the dead body of a young man to hospital, a young protestor films him on his cell phone and the video is uploaded on Facebook. Meanwhile, we discover Hourya who lives with her husband, Adel, a quiet man who has accepted her past but forbids her of taking part in any political activity. Hourya who was raped in prison after Mohamed's arrest, believes that Mohamed has died under torture and to save her own life, she accepted to get married to Adel whom she does not love. Set against a backdrop of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian rapper Kareem and his singer girlfriend Manar struggle, love and make music in their crime-ridden ghetto and Tel Aviv's hip-hop club scene. Two FBI agents pursue members of a radical hacker collective after they steal a powerful cyber-weapon. Young Jeremiah lives in a stable environment with loving foster parents until the day his troubled mother, Sarah, returns to claim him. Jeremiah becomes swept up in his mother's dangerous world of drugs, seedy hotels, strip joints and revolving lovers. Salvation comes in the form of the boy's ultrareligious grandparents, but soon Jeremiah's mother returns. Maternal love binds the pair together on the road until Sarah's desperate and depraved lifestyle finally consumes her. In this remake of the Telugu film 'Ishq,' three young people find they are connected not only by love but by a dark history that threatens to destroy any hope of happiness. Giko Nokomura is a delinquent girl and a senior in middle school. She struggles to kill zombies who were her classmates. China is the first country in the world to classify Internet addiction as a clinical disorder. Caught in the Net features a Beijing treatment center where Chinese teenagers are being "deprogrammed," and follows the story of three boys from the day they arrive at the center, to their three-month treatment period, and their long awaited return home. The film provides a microcosm of modern Chinese life and investigates one of the symptoms of the Internet age. It examines inter-generational pressures and the disregard of the human rights of minors who get caught in the net. A young man washes ashore, his memory gone - but his past comes back to haunt him after he is nursed back to health and his killing ability is needed when he takes on a powerful drug lord. Viral video star Miranda Sings and her real-world alter ego Colleen Ballinger share the stage in a special packed with music, comedy and "magichinry." Popular and dashing American singer Nick Rivers travels to East Germany to perform in a music festival. When he loses his heart to the gorgeous Hillary Flammond, he finds himself caught up in an underground resistance movement. Rivers joins forces with Agent Cedric and Flammond to attempt the rescue of her father, Dr. Paul, from the Germans, who have captured the scientist in hopes of coercing him into building a new naval mine. When a young man gets seduced into helping with the removal of a dead body, he must find out the truth behind the corpse before he loses his life or gains a fortune. It's a madcap comic heist film with a lot of heart. Rahul, a young man, tries to protect his wife from a goon who wants to forcibly marry her. When all things go against Rahul, he becomes an angry man, and sets out to fight against the goon. Set in 1970s Naples, bullied nine year-old Peppino is watching the world around him as his extended dysfunctional family change. Psychedelic flower power and hippie love is threatening the old traditional southern Italian family. Dad is having an affair and Mom has taken to her bed with depression. Super-mod brother and sister Titina and Salvatore take the boy under their wings, introducing him to demonstrations and love-ins, whilst caped superhero Gennaro visits Peppino even after being knocked down and killed by the number 12 bus. It is the imaginary appearances of this older superman cousin that help the nine-year-old navigate the complicated adult world. The true story of airman Douglas Bader who overcame the loss of both legs in a 1931 flying accident to become a successful fighter pilot and wing leader during World War II. Having fallen in love eight years ago, a young couple finds their engagement on the rocks. As they desperately cling to the foundations of their relationship, one man knows exactly how to start the fire to burn it down. A former fighter reluctantly returns to the life she abandoned in order to help her sister survive the sadistic world of illegal fighting and the maniac who runs it. When a mayor running for re-election is caught on video smoking crack, he'll do whatever it takes to keep it out of the wrong hands. When DEA agents are taken captive by a ruthless South American kingpin, the Delta Force is reunited to rescue them in this sequel to the 1986 film. A Chinese teacher in Busan awaits 3 of his friends to spend holidays together in Jeju Island, Korea. Secret gangsters, Sexy Korean woman, old policeman and pastors exist in their tour one by one. The tour became a mysterious and unknown adventures. Erik the Viking gathers warriors from his village and sets out on a dangerous journey to Valhalla, to ask the gods to end the Age of Ragnorok and allow his people to see sunlight again. A Pythonesque satire of Viking life. A spoiled Hollywood actress struggles back to civilization after the crash of her private jet botches a kidnap attempt, leaving her stranded in the jungle with her irritating assistant and her inept hijacker pilot. A senior cop and his team of two are after a serial killer who is giving them nightmares. Shocked after finding who the next possible victim is going to be, the cop tracks down the assassin with the help of various clues. Gage and Christian serve as two exceptional bellmen at the JW Marriott Marquis, Dubai. They are forced to save the day when an important guest leaves a precious USB key in an Emirates car. The Bellmen must track down the car and return the USB key in time. They travel through Dubai using a "Dubai Shortcut" that entails comical and amazing stunts; while also trying to avoid the "BioBot" Robots along the way. Lowly theme park mechanic Sam dreams about his childhood sweetheart Sue. With the mistaken belief that only a bling ring can win the girl of his dreams, Sam plans the most perfect night to propose to his one true love. But when super villain Oscar shows up with his own evil ring that could destroy the city, Sam's plans are thrown into utter disarray. Mistaking each other's rings for their own, Sam teams up with his robot super heroes to track down his engagement ring and save the city... learning that it's not about the size of the bling, but the size of your heart. Debbie Ocean, a criminal mastermind, gathers a crew of female thieves to pull off the heist of the century at New York's annual Met Gala. The story of Daemonium begins in an alternate universe to ours, in which magic and technology coexist with humans and demons. A powerful family hires a band of mercenaries and forces Fulcanelli, a wizard and con artist, to invoke a demon with the purpose of gaining even more power. Of course, things go terribly wrong. The wizard escapes and the demon slaughters the mercenaries, with the exception of Razor. He's the one who seals the deal to become lord of the criminal underworld. The family kidnaps Lisa, his pregnant wife, and turns her into a merciless killing machine and the spear point of their offensive against Razor. But she's not the only threat to the crime lord. It's only a question of time before the demon returns to claim Razor's soul. Fulcanelli seems to be the key to stopping the demon and Razor sends out his band of sexy killer robots to find him. With heart disease on the rise, Valentin Fuster and a team of doctors set out to stem the tide with science, education and early intervention. Their ultimate goal: to promote better heart health worldwide. Miles Monroe, a clarinet-playing health food store proprietor, is revived out of cryostasis 200 years into a future world in order to help rebels fight an oppressive government regime. Mad guy next door. This be the year 3000. The world has been enveloped within the flames of nuclear warfare, bringing with it a new dark age. In these times, technology can be a rare blessing, or curse, depending on its discovery and / or use. What is left of civilization, of humanity, has been reduced to numerous city states, each fighting to survive the wars between them , as well as from within. This tale takes place after a vile war between two Houses both like in dignity, in what is left of fair Verona. The House of Capulet has claimed victory and believes to have extinguished all within The House of Montague, yet one still lives. This be not the story of star-crossed lovers, but of Romeo, last of the Montague. A cyborg who seeks love, and revenge... Canadian artists break into the American comics industry. A story about an armored train number 56 and his actions during WWII. Sylvester Cat must catch mice or lose his happy home. When he can't find a mouse inside, he searches out of doors and comes upon one meek, little mouse who agrees under duress to be Sylvester's one rodent to catch and rough up again and again in front of his masters. But it isn't long before the mouse realizes Sylvester needs him alive and decides to stop being Sylvester's stooge. When jobless Tommy Collins discovers that sequestered jurors earn free room and board as well as $5-a-day, he gets himself assigned to a jury in a murder trial. Once there, he does everything he can to prolong the trial and deliberations and make the sequestration more comfortable for himself. Two doctors find their graveyard shift inundated with townspeople ravaged by sores. Among the wounded is Cherry, a dancer whose leg was ripped from her body. As the invalids quickly become enraged aggressors, Cherry and her ex-boyfriend Wray lead a team of accidental warriors into the night. In Stockholm, Sweden, hacker Lisbeth Salander is hired by Frans Balder, a computer engineer, to retrieve a program that he believes it is too dangerous to exist. Ganesh, a cab driver and a doting brother to his sister Tamizh, is hunting down three notorious criminals in Kolkata. Who is he actually and what's his motive? The story is set in a world where a tokusatsu hero TV series "Outer Man" has gained national popularity for 50 years (just like the Ultraman series). One day, a giant alien looking exactly like Outer Man appears in Japan. The truth is soon revealed that, unlike the story in the TV series, Outer Man is an evil alien who has been trying to brainwash Japanese people to invade the earth. The actors who played the hero in the TV series decide to fight against the real Outer Man by transforming into the villain alien in the series, Sylvie Seijin. A modest super-express delivery courier gets entangled in a spiral of adventure and romance in Shanghai A young Mohawk woman and her two lovers battle a squad of American soldiers hell-bent on revenge. Gritty independent action/thriller set in Manchester, UK starring Michael L. Knight. 1965 film starring Dara Singh, Parveen Choudhary and Jayant Tim Tucker (Dylan Bruce) was a star forward who broke a knee and never got drafted to the NHL. After the injury, Tim left hockey and became a hitman. Ten years later he finds himself back in town to look after his brother Matthew (Percy Hynes White), with a chance to set things right. But will his past wreak havoc with his shot at redemption? Written and directed by Brett and Jason Butler, First Round Down is a tire-squealing, gun toting, bad ass comedy set in a blue collar town. Former adult film star, Mila, is attacked by a misogynistic cult known as The Sword. She turns vigilante and puts a group of bad-ass girls together and seeks revenge. When an alien fugitive crash lands into a local puppy farm and begins turning people into machines that feed on puppy flesh, Dylan and her BFF Eddie have to decide whether or not to take on the SheBorg menace, and save the world. A beautiful young dentist working in a tough British prison starts to become attracted to a violent inmate after the break-up of her marriage, and embarks upon an illicit affair with him, with terrible consequences for all. Jakarta 2036. Alif, Lam and Mim are three friends from martial art school Al-Ikhlas. Alif chooses to become state apparatus. He is determined to eradicate all forms of crime and searching for the killers of his parents. Lam, becomes a journalist. While Mim chooses to serve as a teacher in their school. All three are reunited after the explosion of a bomb in a cafe. See the sport of surfing as it's never been captured before in John Florence and Blake Vincent Kueny's second signature release, this time in association with the award-winning film studio Brain Farm. The first surf film shot in 4K, View From a Blue Moon follows the world's most dynamic surfer John Florence and his closest friends from his home on the North Shore of Oahu to his favorite surfing destinations around the globe. From the dreamy blue perfection of the South Pacific to the darkest uncharted waters of Africa (and everywhere in between), Florence faces a broad spectrum of emotions as he continues to seal his legacy as one of the most gifted surfers ever. And while the young Hawaiian is pulled in increasingly different directions, there is no form of pressure that will keep him from his ultimate goal -- to redefine what is possible in the ocean. When timid bank clerk Stanley Ipkiss discovers a magical mask containing the spirit of the Norse god Loki, his entire life changes. While wearing the mask, Ipkiss becomes a supernatural playboy exuding charm and confidence which allows him to catch the eye of local nightclub singer Tina Carlyle. Unfortunately, under the mask's influence, Ipkiss also robs a bank, which angers junior crime lord Dorian Tyrell, whose goons get blamed for the heist. Germany in the not-too-distant future: The borders are closed, refugees are collected in camps and turned away or accepted. The mood is charged, a police detachment is responsible for keeping the crowd in check. Volt is one of the cops. He accidentally kills a French refugee. The violence spirals out of control. Volt starts up a relationship with the sister of the man he killed and winds up between the fronts. A young policeman hunts down the men who caused the accident that put his politician father into a coma. Andrey Kulikov goes to Paris to visit the grave of his great-grandfather, Andrey Dolmatov, who had been an officer in the White Army during the Russian Revolution. On the headstone of the grave next to his great-grandfather's, he notices the face of a young woman. Later, while walking through Paris, Andrey sees a woman, Vera, who looks just like the young woman he had seen on the headstone. And so begins the telling of two love stories, separated by three generations and one hundred years. Jaime, a young and attractive male prostitute, arrives to a hotel room to earn what he believes will be easy money. But to his surprise the client has a different deal in mind... Soon, the situation will take a turn to the unexpected. USSR, Late November, 1941. Based on the account by reporter Vasiliy Koroteev that appeared in the Red Army's newspaper, Krasnaya Zvezda, shortly after the battle, this is the story of Panifilov's Twenty-Eight, a group of twenty-eight soldiers of the Red Army's 316th Rifle Division, under the command of General Ivan Panfilov, that stopped the advance on Moscow of a column of fifty-four Nazi tanks of the 11th Panzer Division for several days. Though armed only with standard issue Mosin-Nagant infantry rifles and DP and PM-M1910 machine guns, all useless against tanks, and with wholly inadequate RPG-40 anti-tank grenades and PTRD-41 anti-tank rifles, they fight tirelessly and defiantly, with uncommon bravery and unwavering dedication, to protect Moscow and their Motherland. In this Super-8 stop-motion feature filmed by a teenager between 1987 and 1989, a young hero must go on an epic quest to rescue his master. One year after the events of "Kickboxer: Vengeance", Kurt Sloan has vowed never to return to Thailand. However, while gearing up for a MMA title shot, he finds himself sedated and forced back into Thailand, this time in prison. He is there because the ones responsible want him to face a 6'8" 400 lbs. beast named Mongkut and in return for the fight, Kurt will get two million dollars and his freedom back. Kurt at first refuses, in which a bounty is placed on his head as a way to force him to face Mongkut. Kurt soon learns he will have no other choice and will undergo his most rigorous training yet under some unexpected mentors in order to face Mongkut in hopes to regain his freedom. The Space Squad returns in the sequel to the original Space People. When Captain Vek Tempus is framed for an assassination attempt on the galactic president, he's forced to go on the run and return to the planet Earth. As he and his crew attempt to clear his name, they come into contact with enemies both old and new-but-strangely-familiar. Okay ka, fairy ko movie sequel. The DigiDestined inaugurate their newest members, Meiko Mochizuki and Meicoomon, with a trip to a nearby hot spring. Meanwhile, Joe is becoming more distant, struggling to balance his duty as a DigiDestined and the competitive world of academics. As the damage caused by Alphamon is slowly repaired, another infected Digimon, Ogremon, suddenly appears, and although they only have good intentions, the decisions the DigiDestined make now will have unforeseen consequences. Nilalang tackles the underbelly of corrupt Philippine cops with the Japanese 'Yakuza' and its links to a centuries' old curse that may be responsible for the spate of serial killings happening in Manila. 2021 - 5 years after the outbreak of a mysterious virus that turned humans into bloodthirsty, undead beasts much of the world's population has been decimated. When governments were unable to keep the disease at bay, the Contagion Special Unit was formed with the toughest soldiers and best specialists to fight the infected. Because of the rapidly decreasing number of soldiers, a popular online video game Dead Trigger that mirrors the terrifying events was created. The best efforts of the gamers are monitored by the CSU who recruit the highest rated zombie killers. The young recruits are called "Dead Triggers". The movie follows a group of young recruits who must travel to the origin of the outbreak to find a missing team of scientists who were searching for a cure. Evan values family above all else, and anyone who gets between him, his wife, and newborn son learns that the hard way. But when it comes to violent tendencies, it seems the apple doesn't fall far from the tree. Hailing from Aarah in Bihar, Anarkali is an item girl, famous for her vocals, suggestive dance moves and innuendo laden lyrics. She enjoys her stardom and revels in the lusty glances. The singer acknowledges that she is no saint and even makes peace with the hatred she evokes among civilised society but what she refuses to tolerate is being exploited in public by an influential politician. fter a night of drinking and gambling, Tyrell (R. Marcos Taylor) is awakened by an angry call from his girlfriend, Meena (Anita Clay) and finds himself in bed with a strange woman, Cecelia (Alissa Schneider) -- a local mob boss' daughter. Once the local mob boss finds out, he hires Shota (Wilson) -- a relentless hitman. To make matters worse, the reward on Tyrell's head has dozens of others looking for him, too. Adding to Tyrell's troubles, the worst thing of all... Meena, the love of his life, is put in harm's way. Tyrell must make a stand by taking on the mob, taking on Shota, and finding the money to pay their landlord -- Mr. McGetty -- before the day ends. Ten-year-old Toda lives in a bakery with her dad and knows everything there is to know about cakes and pastries. Then, one day, her life is turned upside down: her dad is called away unexpectedly to defend his country. In order to stay safe, Toda has to undertake an adventurous and challenging journey to the neighbouring country where her mother lives. On the way she encounters challenging situations, meets interesting people and finds a special new friend. But will she eventually find her mother? Jack Spade returns from the army in his old ghetto neighbourhood when his brother, June Bug, dies. Jack declares war on Mr. Big, powerful local crimelord. His army is led by John Slade, his childhood idol who used to fight bad guys in the 70s. Riley and her friends head to a remote cabin in the woods to study for finals. But they soon find their own lives will be put to the test by a killer in the house. Dark pasts come to light and friendships are questioned as the battle for survival turns bloody. Iconic snowboarder Travis Rice and friends embark on a multi-year mission to follow the North Pacific Gyre's flow. As Rice and the crew experience the highs and lows of a journey unlike any previously attempted, cutting-edge cinematography captures some of the world's most remote environments bringing breathtaking scenery and thrilling action to viewers worldwide. Baby Sinclair in a mirror room. The father of Fuge goes to Africa to take a job and he leaves his old Mercedes with him to taxi with it. The band of Fuge appears in the Taban with moderate success. Fifteen deaf patients took part in an experimental clinical trail aimed at hearing restoration. Within days, fourteen of the fifteen participants in the trial become violently psychotic, ultimately taking their lives to stop violent side effects brought on by the treatment. This is the story of the sole survivor of the experiment, Patient #14 - Liza Raines, who participation in the experiment gave her super-normal hearing abilities - particularly, the ability to hear the frequency emitted by the brain when it thinks. When her life is suddenly thrown into jeopardy, Liza is forced to use her ability against those set on covering up the fact that she even existed Three low-life criminals attempt to rob an elderly dying woman's home, but her live-in nurse turns out to be much more trouble than they bargained for. Amid legalized corruption, a son struggles to prove to his father that he is fit to survive in a dog-eat-dog society. A Vietnamese action comedy feature film. The Ninningers come across a new enemy, Dark Doctor Mavro, a remnant of the Shadow Line, who created his own, evil version of Aka Ninger serving under him by stealing the real Aka Ninger's Nintality, and because of it, Takaharu's life is now in danger. All hope seems lost until the Ninningers meet the ToQgers, who fought and defeated the Shadow Line in the past, and it's up to them to join forces in order to overcome this new crisis. Jatt is a reluctant super hero that fights crime and protects people. He meets his match in the evil Raka who he must face off to save the day. Chellammaa (Geetha), a singer, is wedded to a chauvinistic, sadistic industrialist named Prakash (Prakash Raj). She is unable to beget a child and hence is the target of hurting words from Prakash and his mother. When he prohibits her from singing, it is the last straw for her and they divorce. He marries Karpagam (Renuka), a doormat wife, while Chellammaa stays single, with a cook Kokila (newsreader Fathima Babu in her first movie appearance) around to help her. Kalki (Shruti) works in an ad agency and is relentlessly pursued by co-worker and model Paranjothi (Rahman) but she not only rejects him but debunks love and sentiments. Chellammaa becomes friends with Kalki after a few encounters and Kalki moves in as a paying guest. But she strikes up a friendship with Prakash and as the result of an affair with him, she ends up bearing his child. What happens of this leads up to the climax. A sci-fi western. "Magda" is the true-life story of Magdalena Kasprzycki, a breast cancer survivor living a quiet life in Los Angeles. As a Polish woman born into a noble family, she was a teenager while living in Nazi-occupied Warsaw during the early 1940s. Magda was recruited by her brother to become a spy for the Polish Underground Resistance Army during World War II.  A bored teen piano prodigy has her life turned upside down one day when she learns her parents are divorcing. After a horrible accident that drives her to run away, Claire befriends a young refugee from war torn Afghanistan. As the two of them dream of being renegade outlaws, his hidden truth starts to come out as Claire discovers he is a drug courier and the mobsters he ripped off want their drugs back leading the two on a harrowing journey. Desperate to pay the bills and come through for their loved ones, three lifelong pals risk it all by embarking on a daring bid to knock off the very bank that absconded with their money. When drones arrive in a flash, slaughtering humanity and stripping the Earth of its resources, a small team of scientists hiding in Los Angeles works to expel the drone menace once and for all. A young man with a vendetta against a business tycoon seduces and kills his eldest daughter and then proceeds to his younger daughter but she begins to suspect her new lover's ulterior motive. This saint film is about Sant Eknath (1533-99), a major Marathi poet, author of the Eknathi Bhagvata and numerous abhangas evoking folk poetry, especially the bharuda form of solo performances. The film focuses on Eknath's humanitarian defence of the 'untouchable' castes. Opposed by the evil Mahant (Kelkar/Chandramohan), Eknath becomes a social outcast when he arranges to have the lower-caste people fed before the Brahmins during a prayer meeting at his house, compounding the offence by going to eat in one of their houses. The drama is heightened by Eknath's son Hari Pandit (Kale) who joins the ranks of the opposition. The happy ending occurs when the film transcends the food motif and Eknath defends himself by reading his poems to the Pradayananda Shastri of Kashi. After a young man is killed in custody, Inspector Arjun Singh is transferred to the small town of Tehsil, where his new neighbours happen to be the family of the young man who died. No overview found. Angela Delmar (Hilda Koronel) works as a waitress for one of the seedier bars in Manila. There she meets five patrons of the bar, who also turn out to be a gang specializing in drugging and raping girls and later on selling them to prostitution. Jersey Bellini is a bounty hunter who forms an uneasy partnership with a rival to capture a fugitive. But the hunters soon discover that the crook is also the man the mob most wants dead! Ready to battle anyone in their way, these hard-hitting Bounty Hunters won't quit until they've brought in their man... and brought down the mob A young British girl born and reared in India loses her neglectful parents in an earthquake. She is returned to England to live at her uncle's castle. Her uncle is very distant due to the loss of his wife ten years before. Neglected once again, she begins exploring the estate and discovers a garden that has been locked and neglected. Aided by one of the servants' boys, she begins restoring the garden, and eventually discovers some other secrets of the manor. Wild Desert has enough ingredients to be a cool enough action movie. A desperate father tries to return home to his pregnant wife after a mysterious apocalyptic event turns everything to chaos. Blood Brother takes place on he mean streets of a city in decay, where a recently released convict begins to take a murderous revenge against his childhood friends, whom he believes let him take the fall for a crime they collectively committed. As the bodies start piling up, one of the friends, now a cop, will stop at nothing to put and end to the murderous rampage and to right the many wrongs of their tragically violent past. The year is 1984. Researchers at the secretive Bentan Labs are celebrating the completion of their latest weapons project: a previously unknown type of mildew, capable of spreading and consuming any kind of vegetation... and ideal for attacking stockpiles of enemy food. When a sponsor is accidentally infected, the mildew's spores are set loose across the facility. As aggressive soldiers flood the complex and the infected staff begin to mutate, the survivors come to realize that the mildew is in fact an alien creature! To avoid an agonising death, the remaining scientists must join forces with "Toxic" - a mysterious mercenary who has infiltrated the building on a covert mission. Will anyone escape the clutches of this out of control fungus and the army of crazed mutants it has created? Body melts, alien mutations, tons of action and geysers of gore await you. The '80s are back!  When a 20-something finds a cache of hidden files on his new laptop, he and his friends are unwittingly thrust into the depths of the dark web. They soon discover someone has been watching their every move and will go to unimaginable lengths to protect the dark web. The Straw Hat Pirates are taking on Gild Tesoro, one of the richest men in the world. Chronicles of Humanity: Redemption This story explores the inner world of a rebel who belongs to an ultra-leftist underground outfit that is battling the government forces. Seriously injured during an ambush, he hides out in a village, his fate dependent on the mercy of the villagers. They believe he is to blame for the death of the innocent native girl killed during the ambush. Left alone with his disturbing thoughts, he will have to dependent on the kindness of strangers, loyalty of his comrades and sheer will power to survive. On the trashy side of Camaroville, there's a mob turf war going down, but the new gang in town ain't content with merely controlling the local dope and sex trade. They are also mixed up with dangerous black magic, intent on resurrecting hideous demon-gods who have waited centuries for the chance to eat all our souls and enslave mankind! These blasphemous bad guys need stopping, and Jimmy Chevelle, agent of The Department of Supernatural Security, is just the cat to do the stopping When a stadium is seized by a group of heavily armed criminals during a major sporting event, an ex-soldier must use all his military skills to save both the daughter of a fallen comrade and the huge crowd unaware of the danger. In a post-apocalyptic future where population control is dictated by a high-school aptitude test, two students discover the test is smoke and mirrors hiding a larger conspiracy. In the 1880s western "Traded", a father must leave his ranch for Dodge City to save his daughter from an old enemy, putting his reputation as the fastest draw in the west to the test. Manila's Finest is inspired and based on the life and career of retired Western Police District (WPD) Col.  Jimmy Tiu who last served as the Sta. Mesa police station commander of WPD. The film focuses on the dual functions of a city policeman as he inter-acts with the people in his jurisdiction and as an intrepid cop battling criminal elements with guns blazing. The life of a woman suddenly changes after she meets a mysterious girl on a highway in the night. Set in the future the world has been split into sectors, humans have captured deviants and force them to fight to the death. Madman Dominion Harvey hosts the immortal wars and televises the show to the entire planet. Trikalypse and fellow deviants will not only fight to survive, but to bring down Dominion Industries. Six years ago a criminal mastermind hid one ton of cocaine in an abandoned warehouse. No one knows the location of the drugs except his violent sidekick and his beautiful but deadly girlfriend. Instead of giving up the stash to the cops or a rival gang, the criminal, a mysterious Jamaican named Ghost, takes his secret to prison. When he is kidnapped by a black box covert operative by the name of Cole (Bill Koruna), he escapes with the help of an FBI agent (Angela Williams). Now free on parole, Cole's only goal is to get the cocaine, sell it, and disappear into a life of luxury. But his actions have been closely watched by the DEA, The Russian mob and bad guys alike, and everyone is interested in following the trail to the hidden hoard of coke. After 15 years of living as computer data, Ultraman has finally found a suitable human being, Daichi Oozora, to use the XDevizer and regain his Ultra warrior form -- thus becoming Ultraman X, ally of the monster-fighting science patrol XIO. X quickly finds his hands full, though, when a greedy treasure hunter accidently breaks an ancient seal of the Baradhi ruins, unleashing the imprisoned monster Zaigorg. After causing his friend's death, an animal trainer marries the man's daughter to atone. Zhenzhen is smuggled into Trinidad and is threatened upon her arrival. Her brother Wei, who is working on the island in construction, intervenes and although he doesn't have the money, he promises to pay her debt. Wei finds Zhenzhen a job at a Chinese restaurant and tries to get an advance from his employer. Weary of the bloodshed and violence from the martial arts world, a powerful swordsman banishes himself to the humble life a vagrant, wandering the fringes of society. But his violent past refuses to let him go quietly. The master swordsman must regain the ability to wield his sword and fight those disrupting the peace he so desperately craves. Whistle depicts the dreary off-hours of an ultra-technological hit-man who becomes 'involved' in the life of one of his victims. The hit-man's wife is not only fully cognizant of her husband's day job but she is also the cold-blooded contact with his bosses when the conscience crisis sets in! Documentary from British Transport Films The gold medal for the men's 10,000-meter race in the 1996 Atlanta Olympics is won by Ethiopian Haile Gebrselassie. Freedom is defined as the power of self-determination attributed to the will; the quality of being independent of fate or necessity. To reach that level of liberty is a physical and mental endeavor that many will risk their life to obtain. Is life worth risking for the feeling of conquering fear and becoming free?  Olympic Freestyle skier, Jossi Wells, meets extreme sports performing artists, The Flying Frenchies, to find out what it really means to be free and what drives individuals to chase such a powerful right.  Directed by Toa Fraser, this is the story of men who push themselves to the point of no return. There is no going back when death is at your door and you realize that this is the most important moment of your life because it could be your very last. A Navy veteran takes up boxing and winds up killing his own friend in the ring during a championship match. Two closeted Muslim teens hawk goods across Brooklyn and struggle to come clean about their sexuality, as their secretive behavior leads them unknowingly into the cross-hairs of the War on Terror. An Orthodox priest, Father Nikolay, the brother of a Yakuza boss, is drawn into in a mob war in Japan. He escapes to the small Russian village of Glubokoe, where he finds that war has found him again. Ranjit is the right-hand man of a gangster named "Uncle". He has been working for him since he was a runaway child, and excels in all of kinds of criminal activities, currently managing a night-club called "Playboy". He meets with beautiful Anju and both fall in love with each other. Then he finds out that Anju is not who she claims to be but someone hired by Pratap to be close to him, entrap him, and get him killed. But that does not happen, Ranjit survives, rescued by Anju, and he helps her free her brother, Rakesh, from Pratap's clutches. Then some priceless jewelery is placed on display, and a number of gangsters decide to try and steal them, knowing fully well that there is a 24 hour police guard, as well as an alarm system. It is after this robbery that the past will be re-visited and it is then a number of people, on whom Ranjit has depended upon, will come to know of his real background, including the murder he committed before he started his career as a criminal. A brotherhood of downhill skateboarders battle negative public perception and a recent ban on the sport, while pushing their limits on the dramatic and dangerous mountain roads above Santa Barbara, California. Most Welcome 2 is a Bangladeshi action film written by and directed by Ananta Jalil. It is considered to be one of the most expensive films in the history of Bengali cinema. Development began in February 2012. The film is a sequel of 2012 blockbuster Most Welcome, The film released in 2014. The film stars Ananta Jalil and Barsha in leading roles. Returning to Saint Petersburg after a long exile, the dashing Yakovlev, a retired army officer, makes a comfortable living by winning other people's duels. An enigmatic, focused, and extremely skilled professional, he leaves a trail of dead bodies behind him as he swirls through polite society, frequently called upon to wield a pistol as a surrogate in duels at dawn. But when Yakovlev meets the naive young Prince Tuchov and his beautiful sister, Princess Martha, the normally cold-hearted mercenary is surprised by hitherto undetected emotions. What transpires uncovers a series of revelations about his past and his present self. Arisu War! takes place after the events of the movie, about Arisu transferring to Ooari High School. It`s a story about mystery planet we can`t see. This planet is very similar to our home - Earth. But the people who live there are not like us at all. Two astronauts from Earth accidentally found this strange planet and fall into the death trap. Where the Journey Ends Overview Coming Soon... The son of a mafia boss invades the territory of his fathers rival. The story revolves around a guy whose got a defect in him and how he gets trapped in a crime which forces him to kidnap a girl in order save his beloved ones. Driven by the desire for the huge reward, Tang Ren (by Wang Baoqiang) tricked Qin Feng (by Liu Haoran) to New York, to attend the World Detective Contest,. Later on, behind the crazy competition, Qin and Tang discovered the real hidden facts of this contest. Germany refuses to receive any more refugees. The only way to obtain citizenship is to survive the popular TV show 'Immigration Game'. Whoever participates as a 'Runner' will be abandoned on the outskirts of Berlin and must make their way to the television tower at Alexanderplatz. For a prize money every German citizen may chase and eventually kill the refugees entirely unpunished. Shot on location in Cambodia, including many scenes in actual brothels in the notorious red light district of Phnom Penh, HOLLY is a captivating, touching and emotional experience. Patrick, an American card shark and dealer of stolen artifacts, has been 'comfortably numb' in Cambodia for years, when he encounters Holly, a 12-year-old Vietnamese girl, in the K11 red light village. The girl has been sold by her impoverished family and smuggled across the border to work as a prostitute. Soukhyam is a 2015 Telugu romantic comedy film produced by V. Anand Prasad on Bhavya Creations banner and directed by A.S. Ravikumar Chowdary. Starring Gopichand, Regina Cassandra in the lead roles and music composed by Anup Rubens. Bhaktavatsalam Naidu, who has married two women and has successfully managed to keep the secret of the other woman to both the ladies..Later part reveal why Naidu married two of them and also his wives knowing the truth. Murugan, with his tools and expertise, protects Puliyoor's villagers from deadly tiger attacks. However, Daddy, an illegal drugs dealer, takes advantage of Murugan's innocence and wrongly frames him. Everyone deserves a great love story. But for seventeen-year old Simon Spier it's a little more complicated: he's yet to tell his family or friends he's gay and he doesn't know the identity of the anonymous classmate he's fallen for online. As the devoutly single Don Johnston is dumped by his latest girlfriend, he receives an anonymous pink letter informing him that he has a son who may be looking for him. A crack-pot scientist aligns with the Axis of Evil to bring down the United States with EMP blasts, toxic zombification gas and by unleashing the ultimate undead killing monstrosity: the Z-REX. When a hot-wired militia squad and a crew of college hipsters are thrown together to do something about it, chaotic Predator-Thunder action runs amok. A chronicle of Errol Flynn's pre-Hollywood sea adventures up the east coast of Australia. His crew includes his best friend Rex, a wild and visceral young man, the Dook, a proper young gent from Cambridge, and Charlie, the ageing and depressed previous owner of the boat. Flynn and company encounter beautiful virgins, underground boxing clubs, police raids, bar brawls, cannibals and man-eating sharks, while being forced to smuggle opium to survive. A rising Hollywood actor decides to take personal revenge against a group of four persistent photographers to make them pay for almost causing a personal tragedy involving his wife and son. The heroic story of a dictator who risks his life to ensure that democracy would never come to the country he so lovingly oppressed. Famed detective Byomkesh Bakshi investigates the murder of a man who had just thrown a party to celebrate his recovery from a long illness. An alcoholic cop accepts to investigate a case involving a couple of gruesome murders. Will the case be the redemption that he was waiting for? Evil in Tokyo is on the rise and heroes have become a common commodity just out for fame and glory. Washed out anti-hero Gun Caliber is summoned to save Tokyo from the forces of Evil. Five friends are stalked and murdered by a masked assailant while preparing for Valentine's Day. Jamal , motorcycle taxi drivers who like to play chess, had a dream to open a the motor wash near his base. Rodiah, Jamal's mother, threatens him if not promptly changes his life, the family land quota for him will be his cousin. In love affairs Jamal is challenged by Mirna's parents because his unstable work.  Jamal is asked by Ivan, whom he knew inadvertently, to take Dito, a courier heroin, to Tanah Tinggi Boss. He gives Jamal is an advance of 10 million and 90 million reward if he can complete the task. Having never seen that much money, Jamal directly takes it.  Ivan knows that Dito is targeted by Mami Tuti, a bookies who revenge on Dito because he made her sister a broken heart and became a junkie. After giving this task to Jamal, Ivan flees to Hong Kong with his wife. Two crazy Dominican cops and a disciplined FBI agent join forces to investigate an international criminal network. An encounter specialist learns the hard truth that all his encounter operations have been to safeguard the interests of corrupt politicians and businessmen. But before he can undo the damage, it is too late; and four innocents become collateral damage as well. In the world of Sougo Tokiwa and Sento Kiryu, their "companions" are losing their memories one after the other as they're replaced by other people. The Super Time Jacker, Tid, appears before them. He orders his powerful underlings, Another Double and Another Den-O, to pursue a young boy called Shingo. While fighting to protect Shingo, Sougo meets Ataru, a young man who loves Riders, but Ataru says that Kamen Riders aren't real. What does he mean? Meanwhile, Sento Kiryu attempts to take on Tid alone, but is brainwashed and manipulated by the Time Jacker as a result. With the mystery uncovered, Sougo and Sento head to the Kriogatake Mountains where they must face their true enemy. The film will feature two new "Another Riders." Shunsuke Daito is playing a new Time Jacker villain named Tildo and Kenichi Takitoh is voicing a new Imagin character. When Jimmy finds a mysterious package in the trunk of his latest boost, he is thrust into a violent underworld of criminals, and a race against the clock to save a little girl's life. An under-fire boxing coach, Prabhu is transferred from Hisar in Haryana to Chennai as his bosses at the Boxing Council do not like his disrespectful rule-breaking unconventional ways. In Chennai, he chances upon the raw fighting talent of Madhi, the sibling of aspiring boxer Lakshmi. He decides to put all his effort to tame Madhi and get her to shine but he is repeatedly put off by her playfulness & distrust. Greg is a desperate man. Presented with an opportunity that is hard to resist. He will have to choose between old heroes, new enemies, and family. Documentary about marijuana use, culture and law enforcement by future porn superstar director Alex de Renzy. Albert Collins - In Concert: Ohne Filter movie was released on March 13, 2007. The man they call the Master of the Telecaster, or the Iceman, was already one of the biggest US Blues stars of the sixties. On stage, the Texan delighted his audiences with his famed guitar walks and his funky, jangly guitar sounds. In this 1985 concert, the master welcomes a very special guest: Southside Johnny. This is a truly legendary Blues meeting. Biju is an honest policeman who fights the injustice head-on. In his pursuit to keep things under control and clean, he encounters a series of events and cases which test his authority, honesty and integrity. With a week to his wedding, what ensues is a heartfelt story of a cop sans the cinematic hype. The story, set in the backdrop of Nallore, a small town in Thoothukudi District, revolves around Sub-Inspector Durai Singam (Surya), a brave and just policeman who serves in his hometown primarily to fulfill his father's (Radha Ravi) wish. Durai Singam settles every dispute in his town patiently with his words of wisdom and resorts to force only when the situation demands it. Kavya (Anushka), a city girl who comes on vacation to Nallore, falls in love with Durai Singam. Erimalai (Vivek), Durai Singam's bumbling colleague and friend, often accompanies him. As the Lich King's zombie legions ravage the world, a cursed young sorceress (Marek) embarks on a quest to obtain a weapon from the gods, with her friend Dagen, a self-serving half-elf rogue. But when she joins her sworn enemy in a desperate attempt to save the world, she must recover the good in herself before her friends are all dead, and defeat the Lich King before the gods are destroyed and the world forever enslaved. The film revolves around the life of an ordinary man and a local goon and how their lives get changed due to some unfortunate events. In the near future, a married woman secretly works for an organisation that manipulates memories, while her husband is experiencing visions from a past he can't remember which is tearing them apart. As undercover cop Reiji takes on a new mission to takedown the Chinese mafia, elite police officer Shinya  moves to arrest Reiji. UK cage fighter and mixed martial artist Rob 'C4' Sinclair, battles to overcome a career-threatening injury in order to fulfill his dream of fighting in the USA. Set after the events of Continental Drift, Scrat's epic pursuit of his elusive acorn catapults him outside of Earth, where he accidentally sets off a series of cosmic events that transform and threaten the planet. To save themselves from peril, Manny, Sid, Diego, and the rest of the herd leave their home and embark on a quest full of thrills and spills, highs and lows, laughter and adventure while traveling to exotic new lands and encountering a host of colorful new characters. Rajini Murugan locks horns with Yezharai Mookkan who tries to get a share of Murugan's ancestral property by defaming his grandfather. A hitman comes to a hill town to plot the murder of a top scientist. A young man and his righteous father stand in his way. Based on real-life story, the movie focused on the growths and fights of Muar Town Kun Seng Keng towards the title of the most influential lion dances in the world. Awarded title as Lion Dance World Champion, up-to-date Kun Seng Keng lion dance troupe won 56 times international and 65 times national championship. When an Indian mother finds out her son is the victim of a vicious bully, she delivers her own brand of vigilante justice. Returning from the states to marry his girlfriend, a common man is blamed for the murder of a local don due to their enmity in the past. He is caught in a web of conspiracies as he struggles to prove his innocence and the don's in-laws order their henchmen to take him down. A portrait of Zion Clark, a young wrestler who was born without legs and grew up in foster care. Sonbert was also a noted opera critic, and he frequently theorized about the relationship of film to other art forms, in particular, music. He analogized the notes, chords, and tone clusters of music to the progression of shots in film. The shot was the building block upon which Sonbert created the musical rhythms of his films.  Sonbert published excerpts from his feature-film screenplay adaptation of Strauss' Capriccio, his favorite opera, in 1986. Short Fuse, completed six years later, can be seen as a return to Capriccio's themes, including 'Nazism and eroticism, beauty and force, detail and structure.' (William Graves) Underscoring a question raised by Capriccio--whether in opera the music or the libretto takes priority--Short Fuse is replete with a soundtrack that counterpoints the film's visuals, prompting the viewer to ask whether the music or the imagery predominates. -- Jon Gartenberg Sannasi, a folk musician, convinces Sooravali, his lover and a female dancer in his troupe, to marry Karuppaiah, a seemingly docile man. Little do they realise the sinister intentions of Karuppaiah, but when they do it is too late. The dog and the diamond, and the romantic life of Raja and his lady love Ammu in comical situations. Ten years after his retirement, 'death-match' wrestler Nick Mondo is distressed to find a new generation mimicking his former self destructive antics. When a strange virus quickly spreads through a safari park and turns all the zoo animals undead, those left in the park must stop the creatures before they escape and zombify the whole city.  If you like your comedy served up raw, tasty and wicked-funny, D.L. Hughley is your kind of stand-up guy. One of the most popular comedians of film, TV and radio unleashes a hilarious display of stand-up comedy genius in this uncut Showtime special taped before a wildly enthusiastic live New Jersey audience. It's comedy that'll re-boot your entire sense of humor: D.L. HUGHLEY: RESET! A Special Ops military Force, led by expert sniper Sergeant Jake Chandler, are sent to a remote Afghan village to extract an American congressman being held by the Taliban. Operatives are tasked with rescuing important individuals aboard a passenger jet during a nuclear war. Richthofen goes off to war like thousands of other men. As fighter pilots, they become cult heroes for the soldiers on the battlefields. Marked by sportsmanlike conduct, technical exactitude and knightly propriety, they have their own code of honour. Before long he begins to understand that his hero status is deceptive. His love for Kate, a nurse, opens his eyes to the brutality of war. A young man (Puneeth Rajkumar) finds himself in too deep after taking an injured protester to a hospital. Mother is looking for work in winter when she stops at a diner to eat with her daughter. Hank Williams, a bona fide idiot, teams up with Bigfoot Hunter, Trevor Farleys, and an aging bear slayer, Willis Hampton, to sabotage a crazed hunter and win a local hunting competition. A bubbly Indian girl Aalia in trouble is forced by circumstances to place her faith in a Pakistani cab driver, Vicky, in Mauritius, who then takes it upon himself to make Aalia's safe return to India possible. Mauritius. In April 2015, the Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Company, an underground safe deposit facility in London's Hatton Garden area, was burgled by 4 elderly men. With the stolen property having a value of up to PS200 million, the incident has been called the "largest burglary in English history". A soldier turned gunfighter rises from the grave only to find himself in a modern time where the same werewolf outlaw gang that brutally murdered his wife are running rampant. Aided by a beautiful widow, a broken down sheriff, and a corrupt Mayor, Colt must face the blood thirsty creatures once again to save a small sleepy southern town. While trying to survive the worst drought in history, a family of farmers force their youngest brother down a path of destruction; betrayed and left for dead in an unfamiliar land, he must survive, endure and seek the revenge he deserves. In a drab, anonymous gray school governed by a strict authoritarian regime, an apparently unremarkable day is turned on its head following a seemingly ridiculous announcement. Disbelieving at first, the all male, identically uniformed pupils are informed that what they had always been taught as fact is no longer true. When the incredulous students speak out, what initially seems laughably absurd becomes desperately real as they are forced to question how far they will go to stand up for their beliefs. Two &amp; Two is an allegory for the absurdness of dictatorship and tyranny - and the resilience of the human spirit.  A biographical film about professional wrestler Steve Borden, otherwise known as Sting. During a long, hot summer in seventies London, young neighbors Holly and Marina make a childhood pact to be friends forever. For Marina, troubled, fiercely independent, determined to try everything, Holly stays the only constant in a life of divorcing parents, experimental drugs and fashionable self-destruction. But for Holly, a friendship that has never been equal gradually starts to feel like a trap. In 1987, during the austere days of Thatcher's Britain, a teenager learns to live life, understand his family, and find his own voice through the music of Bruce Springsteen. During the World War II, the prisoners of a German camp in a greek island are trying to escape. They don't want only their freedom, but they also seek for an ineffable treasure hidden in a monastery at the top of the island's mountain. Thieves attempt a massive heist against the U.S. Treasury as a Category 5 hurricane approaches one of its Mint facilities. A group of salacious students party aboard a luxury yacht only to turn on each other as a 9th PASSENGER picks them off one by one. Corporal Romi and Lance Corporal Fakrul have been assigned to investigate a case where a college student has been found in a coma and is believed to have been raped. Both of them then go undercover under the code name 'Romeo Kota', which translates to 'City Romeos', and are given a month's time to solve the case. Scary Full Feature Horror Movie! Jake and The paranormal team are on their way to help a family in need and to help them deal with some paranormal issues, But the Team never make it to their destination! It is abruptly interrupted by other worldly terrifying beings. Who will survive? Actress Norma Sands explains why she committed a crime to actor Bob Dallesandro. The story of a special team of the Armed Forces and their struggle to dismantle a group of drug traffickers. Two secrets will tear a 12-year-old girl's life apart. One she's never told a soul. The other, her entire family's never told her. Tonight they crash. A disgraced  RAW agent Akilan (Vikram) is recalled by the agency to track down a crazy scientist and a cross dresser Love (also Vikram), who has discovered a deadly new drug  'Speed inhaler'. A guy looking to find employment and marry the love of his life, gets in over his head when a fast-talking temp agent lands him a job. Holden and Banky are comic book artists. Everything is going good for them until they meet Alyssa, also a comic book artist. Holden falls for her, but his hopes are crushed when he finds out she's a lesbian. Samraat overview. A Templar Knight is forced to fight as a gladiator where challengers from different worlds duel in a quest for a magical sword. Then the Templar learns he is scheduled to fight his master who has become a man of greed and ambition. Now the Templar teams with his adversaries against the master and his disciples. In the year UC 0071, three years after escaping the Zabi faction on an Ocean Cargo ship, Artesia and Casval are living happily in Andalusia, Spain, Earth under the identities of Sayla Mass and Eduoard Mass, respectively; masquerading as the children of Don Teabolo Mass, a long time friend of their father Zeon Zum Deikun. A small girl makes her living selling matches on the streets of New York. It's winter, and the hustling crowds at best ignore her, and some are outright rude. She takes shelter and, to try to stave off the cold a bit, lights a match. It gets blown out; this happens again, then on the third try, she falls into a dream. In this dream, cherubs attend her, she gets a new doll, then a new dress. The cherubs put her on a throne. Then a storm comes, and she goes toward a candle. That candle goes out, and we see that back in the real world, so did her match and her life. An angel comes along and takes her soul. When her daughter is kidnapped in Belize and held hostage to be used for human organ trafficking, Kate Johnson goes on a crusade to infiltrate the cartel and rescue her. Set in a near-future world where there is no privacy, ignorance or anonymity, our private memories are recorded and crime almost ceases to exist. In trying to solve a series of unsolved murders, Sal Frieland stumbles onto a young woman who appears to have subverted the system and disappeared. She has no identity, no history and no record. Sal realizes it may not be the end of crime but the beginning. Known only as 'The Girl', Sal must find her before he becomes the next victim. Scary Full Feature Horror Movie! Jake and The paranormal team are on their way to help a family in need and to help them deal with some paranormal issues, But the Team never make it to their destination! It is abruptly interrupted by other worldly terrifying beings. Who will survive? Maqbool Salman plays lead role in the forthcoming movie 'Pachakallam' Ruggero, a meek young man, impulsively robs a bank to prove to his ex-wife that he is courageous and masculine. A police investigation engulfs everyone except our unassuming hero who is completely ignored. Through a set of hilarious coincidences, he gets away with the robbery, while corrupt bank officials take the fall for what looks like an inside job. Interpol partners with a wealthy entrepreneur to protect a new invention dubbed The Seed of God. Corey "Beatdown" Brown is a champion underground fighter that decided to make big moves with his friend Jasper in the world of counterfeit money. "Beats of Rage is a "ghetto-ass fantasy" set in an apocalyptic world locked in a booze drought. It continues the story of fan-favorite JTRO, a Beat-Beating champion from a legendary bloodline of beat-beaters. Zaid is a successful heart surgeon with an expensive apartment and pregnant girlfriend. One night he gets a visit from his brother Yasin, who is desperate for money, but he refuses. Soon after, Yasin is found beaten to death and Zaid is overcome with guilt. As guilt gives way to anger, Zaid becomes a masked avenger and takes on Copenhagen's criminal underworld in his quest for justice. When his family gets killed by corrupt business tycoon, Soorya (Prithviraj) decides to take revenge, all by himself Ravi becomes the target of Bittu, a criminal, after he helps cops catch the latter committing robbery at a bank. And so begins a game of smarts between the two, and Ravi has to win it so that he and his family can stay alive. When an honest cop, Vijay Kumar's family is ruthlessly slaughtered by a politician and his aides, he decides to change his identity and commits his life to bring his daughter up in a serene atmosphere. But some freak events end up compromising his identity and what he does to save his daughter and avenge the death of his family unfurls as Theri. An assassin seeks redemption after being given a second chance at life. The tragic and controversial story of Cameron Todd Willingham, who was executed in Texas for killing his three children after scientific evidence and expert testimony that bolstered his claims of innocence were suppressed. The extraordinary story of MMA/UFC super star Ronda Rousey. Film opens with the question: How to get rid of the obsession of love and death? Mai Anh did not accept the loss of her father was an accident, she became depressed and resorted to Nam's psychological treatment. About Nam, he can not forget his ex-girlfriend who betrayed and left him 3 years ago. Missing and death cases take place in succession along the Korean Demilitarized Zone. South Korea forms a unit led by Captain Jo Jin-Ho and First Lieutenant Shin Yoo-Hwa as assistant leader. They are given only 24 hours to find out the truth behind the incidents. Team members find evidence, but they feel like something isn't right. A Chilean teacher, Ramiro, is sentenced to internal exile in a southern town where tidal waves often appear. He falls for a woman, Maite, whose father asks him to take her away. Although he gets his freedom he doesn't leave and when the water rises, Maite and her father die, and Ramiro flees to the hills. Salma is a 37 years old paramedic nurse working in private and public hospitals in Tunisia. When her only son, Murad, go to Syria to join the terrorist movement Al-Nusra Front, Salma infiltrate the jihadists with the aim to bring her son back to Tunisia. A young British girl born and reared in India loses her neglectful parents in an earthquake. She is returned to England to live at her uncle's castle. Her uncle is very distant due to the loss of his wife ten years before. Neglected once again, she begins exploring the estate and discovers a garden that has been locked and neglected. Aided by one of the servants' boys, she begins restoring the garden, and eventually discovers some other secrets of the manor. Chul-Soo is the only son of a legendary thief family. He falls in love with Young-Hee who is a police officer. Her family is also a police family. To get her parents' permission to marry,  Chul-Soo undertakes an exam to become a police officer, but both families work to prevent their marriage. The recounted events of the night two estranged brothers attempted to reunite after being torn apart by a small town, seemingly taken over by martial law. After a man discovers his young wife is cheating on him with a neighborhood boy, he goes down a dangerous path of revenge & destruction. An Albanian thug makes his way to the top of the mafia empire. In the not too distant future a secret government re-animation chemo-virus gets released into conservative Sartre, Nebraska and lands in an underground strip club. As the virus begins to spread, turning the strippers into "Super Zombie Strippers" the girls struggle with whether or not to conform to the new "fad" even if it means there's no turning back. The crew of a medical helicopter suffers an accident when helping a joint force of USA and United Nations troops under Spanish command division in Afghanistan. The Spanish army has only one night to organize the rescue of the crew and injured, but what seems routine turns into hell once they receive the order to rescue the helicopter as well. Things only get worse when during the night a huge a concentration of Talibans begin surround them. Set at the end of the Sengoku period to early Edo period, "Sanada Ten Braves" follows 10 members of a ninja group who all serve under samurai warrior Yukimura Sanada. Julius and Vincent Benedict are the results of an experiment that would allow for the perfect child. Julius was planned and grows to athletic proportions. Vincent is an accident and is somewhat smaller in stature. Vincent is placed in an orphanage while Julius is taken to a south seas island and raised by philosophers. Vincent becomes the ultimate low life and is about to be killed by loan sharks. When a team of unlikely heroes hijacks a steam-powered battle wagon, a daring young wizard (Marek) steals the final piece of the all-powerful Darkspore and embarks on a desperate quest to deliver the cursed artifact to the gods for safe keeping; but when they are caught in a death race between a ruthless team of elite mercenaries and a trinity of demons, Marek must learn to believe in herself before her friends are killed and the Darkspore is lost, to stop the evil necromancer (Szorlok) from uniting the Darkspore and flooding the living world with his legions of undead. When a charming NRI girl falls in love with a wealthy businessman, she unwittingly sparks conflict within his large joint family. How will her lover find a way to marry her, while still ensuring that his large family remains happy and harmonious? Only one man can stop a villain who, backed by his father, brutally murders anyone who gets in the way of his unscrupulous real estate deals. Krishna (Nani) and Mahalakshmi (Mehreen) have been in love since childhood. But he is a coward and she is the sister of a local factionist. Krishnan, who has been living away from his family and friends in Mumbai, gets a call from his friend Ganga in Kerala, out of the blue. He senses danger, and leaves for Kammattipadam, where both of them grew up. College students risk it all to expose a clandestine military project to weaponize love. A new action horror film by writer/director Kelly D. Weaver. In the vein of Blue Exorcist, Black Lagoon and a little bit of Supernatural. A group of hunters known as "The Night Shift" are funded by the government sets out to take on all cases dealing with the creatures of the night. Vampires, Werewolves, Demons and Succubus rule Crescent City. It's up to the Night Shift to take the city back. Three bumbling underlings who are tasked with smuggling cocaine get into problems during their journey. A group of American activists join forces with a Kurdish militia group to help defeat ISIS in Syria. Rohan is a kind, happy young man who has been blind since birth and works as a voice-over artist for a living. Through friends, he meets Supriya, a working woman who is also blind, but proudly independent. The two start liking each other and get married. Rohan toughest journey starts in his quest of vengeance for Supriya's indirect murderers. The world top bodyguard gets a new client, a hit man who must testify at the International Court of Justice. They must put their differences aside and work together to make it to the trial on time. When a new friend is brutally assaulted, Detective John Droomor is put by chance in charge of the investigation. Although the evidence against the perpetrators seems overwhelming, there is nothing definitive in the case that guarantees justice is served, even more so if some people are willing to twist and betray it. The season turns to autumn. The fight of the protagonist and his group S.E.E.S. with the strange monsters called 'Shadows' is getting closer to the end. Makoto and his allies engage in life-or-death battles with Shadows in order to end the Dark Hour. Through the battles, some must face the deaths of friends and family, some must notice what precious things must be protected, and some must find meaning in the battles that have occurred.  In front of Makoto, the mysterious transfer student Ryouji Mochizuki appears. When the group greets a new morning, the gears of fate begin to turn. A fight revolving around each of the heroes' bonds begins... Mt. Akina's new downhill racing hero Fujiwara Takumi prepares for the final showdown against Red Sun's unbeaten leader and Akagi's fastest driver, Takahashi Ryosuke. The movie is about a character named Malcolm Graves, an adult black man who was a Mayor's aide, running for Mayor of the great city of Newark and focusing on raising his preteen son. His past tries to come back and haunt him through his journey through adulthood, the heart aches, and the head aches that come with the difficult decisions in life when you are trying to stay on the right path. The movie illustrates consequences, both from right and wrong decisions, trust, loyalty, lies, violence and triumph. The movie is truly inspirational and focused on strength and overcoming the daily struggle of life. Wisecracking mercenary Deadpool battles the evil and powerful Cable and other bad guys to save a boy's life. Ahmad is an army commander who must confront the enemy at the gates of the Khorramshahr. But his fate is determined far from the Iranian border. Lantouri is the name of a gang that mugs people in broad daylight on the streets of Tehran and breaks into homes in the city's rich northern district. The gang also kidnaps children from families who have become wealthy through corruption and embezzlement of state funds. The film begins with the confessions of individual gang members. Sociologists, human rights activists and political hardliners also have their say. Gang member Pasha runs amok because Maryam, a socially committed, self-confident journalist, does not reciprocate his feelings. The badly injured young woman demands lex talionis - the law, applicable in Iran, of 'an eye for an eye'. An armed robbery is the starting point of an unpredictable story that unfolds in four different versions; one for each of the film's characters who rival over the "Blue Queen", one of the world's most rare diamonds. A pilot battles to save his family and the planet after an experiment for unlimited energy goes wrong. Akira Sharma is your average Jane from Jodhpur. Early in life she sees an atrocity committed on a neighbour and learns to defend herself. And, a spitfire is born. When a Thai girl with mythical powers goes missing, Axe and his old team unite in attempts to bring her back. In 1976, four hijackers take over an Air France airplane en route from Tel Aviv to Paris and force it to land in Entebbe, Uganda. With 248 passengers on board, one of the most daring rescue missions ever is set in motion. This time around BoBoiBoy goes up against a powerful ancient being called Retak'ka, who is after BoBoiBoy's elemental powers. He and his friends will have to stop their mysterious new foe from carrying out his sinister plans. Lyco is an action horror film about a voodoo priest named Lyco Fontaine (Macquell James) who is in search for an ancient Relic that has been around for centuries called the Port of Spain elephant. It is said that the elephant statue has special powers and if fallen into the wrong hands the innocence of the world would be in danger. A team of secret agents are sent around the world to track down and expose weapons of mass destruction and take down corrupt government officials and criminal king pins. Tatsuhiko Shiratori works as a scout, recruiting girls to work in the adult entertainment business. He movies to Yokohama from Shinjuku, Tokyo. He comes into conflict with Masaki Taki who is the CEO of a scout company. The origin and rise of the most famous Dominican wrestler of all time, Rafael Sanchez aka Jack Veneno, and his arch-nemesis, Jose Manuel Guzman aka Relampago Hernandez. Meicoomon vanishes into the distorted abyss. Shaken, Taichi and the others search for answers about Meicoomon's infection. Koshiro seeks answers from Meiko but she's lost all emotion. Koshiro quarantines Agumon and the other Digimon in the office so that the infection can't spread any further, but Patamon starts to show signs of the illness. Agumon and the others use Hikari's voice to tell the team about an important secret concerning the Digital World. Following Meicoomon's rampage and the Reboot, Taichi and the others leave behind a distressed Meiko and head to the Digital World. But the partner Digimon that they've reunited with have lost their memories. While Sora normally thinks of others even before herself, she now has distrust in her heart. A tearful Meicoomon appears and disappears again. For some reason, she has retained past memories, and is searching for Meiko. Upon seeing Meicoomon, the kids resolve to journey through the Digital World to save her, but a man with the Dark Masters at his command stands in their way. Meanwhile, in the real world, Nishijima receives a notice that Himekawa has disappeared. When he investigates, he learns that she has had a hidden goal behind all her actions thus far. The countdown begins to the destruction of the real world at the hands of the out-of-control Meicoomon. The world has begun to collapse. The rampaging Meicoomon absorbs Tailmon, who underwent a dark evolution, and changes form into the immensely powerful Ordinemon. In accordance with Yggdrasil's expectation, the real world is about to be engulfed by the Digital World. Meanwhile, Homeostasis considers Ordinemon to be out of control and  puts into motion its final plan that will entangle the real world. Then the time comes for the DigiDestined to arrive at a final decision. What future do they choose for themselves? The life you love may be your own.... The wife of a much older man finds herself attracted to their neighbour's son, who is closer to her age. Harmon is a CIA/DEA enforcer investigating Arab terrorists captured in Mexico. With his team--seductive FBI agent Zara and spy-drone pilot Sharp--he flies to Istanbul and uncovers a brutal plot: Islamic extremists plan to use Sonora drug-smuggling routes to bring deadly weapons, and leaders, into the U.S. To prevent an attack on America, Harmon must turn these two savage forces against one another before his time--and his luck--run out. After being captured during a bank robbery, a cowboy is sent to a prison located in a swamp, where he contracts malaria. He soon escapes and, with the help of a Mexican, sets out to track down his partner, who escaped from the bank robbery with all the money. A young mother decides to become a stripper to earn some fast cash only to find her worst nightmares are about to begin Hollywood collides with a group of veterans who are tired of the typical PTSD and valor-portrayed movies and decide to make an original dark humor zombie apocalypse film all on their own. A policeman attempts to stop a crazy psychiatrist who's controlling the minds of their patients, forcing them to kill. Abel arriving at the outskirts of Barrio Paraiso, a little provincial town run with an iron fist by the sinister crime lord El Diablo. Abel is in town to find his troubled older brother, hoping to bring him home and fulfill a promise made at his father's deathbed. He gets some help from the widow Melissa and her young son, who offer him a place to hide out while wages a violent war in hostile territory against the crime lord and his many well armed goons. Two individuals who live in the same locality influence the lives of each other without even realising the presence of the other. Dris is an ex-con, living in the borderline between a decent and a criminal life. He has a regular and simple work and lives a simple life with his wife Lise and loves his family. However, his childhood friends from his Arab community, including his best friend Yanis, are mobsters and his brother is a small time delinquent. Yanis tries to bring Dris back to his gang, and uses his former lover Nina to seduce him, taking him to expensive places to feel the importance of big money. Dris fights against the temptation, but an event will route him back to Yanis' gang and in a fight between gangs with tragic consequences for the whole community. During the reign of King Zhou (Tony Leung Ka-fai), an official enters his bedchamber, and is devoured by the monstrous tails of Daji (Fan Bingbing), his concubine. Outside their city, several warriors within a metal wagon discuss their strategies to free the Invisible People and their Chief, when Jiang Ziya (Jet Li) appears to them. He tells them that when King Zhou was younger, he let himself become possessed by the Black Dragon for his quest for power. Investigative reporter Chase Carter must stop a secret government conspiracy in the zombie infested quarantine zone of East Mission City. When a supernatural cult threatens Earth, Alice must assemble a team of fairy tale villains to face the literal forces of Death. When eighteen-year-old Pasha rescues a beautiful young woman from a band of strangely powerful attackers, he discovers an underworld of supernatural beings living among us. Catherine Bomarzini  returns to the family castle in Italy after her father's death and gets caught in the web of a mysterious love triangle: a man who is at times repulsive, at others enchanting; and a creature of the night whose gentle eyes and touch reveal his infinitive love and devotion. With the help of Martha, her faithful childhood nanny, and the ghost of a slain young girl, Catherine discovers the medieval curse that threatens their lives and only she can dispel. Stoker Thompson is a 35-year-old has-been boxer. His once-promising fighting career has come crashing to the end. Tiny, Stoker's manager, is sure he will continue to lose fights, so he takes money for a "dive" from a mobster, but is so sure that Thompson will lose that he doesn't tell the boxer about the set-up. At the beginning of the last round of the vicious boxing match he learns of the fix. Kitten calls her son Beau when her GILF bordello is robbed by a grotesque burlesque gang. A full- throttle, rock n rollin' feast of camp destruction and dangerous dance numbers ensues. The Chhottu gang brought terror on the land and the people living there, a group of police force have been sent there to put a stop to the Chottu Gang although this would not be a solid operation, it would be a bloody dog war fight for the strong. Sethupathi IPS movie starring Vijayakanth, Meena and Nambiar. Terrorism against India is escalated heavily by Indians trained abroad. Sethupathi IPS (Vijayakanth) is a very efficient cop whose entire family has served the country at some time- his mother Satyabhama (Srividya) is an IAS Officer, his maternal grandfather was a soldier who got a medal for killing 200 enemies (a medal which Sethupathi secretly covets) and his father in law (Vijayakanth) is an Inspector General of Police.Sethupathi catches terrorist Sivasubramaniam in a hospital and coaxes him to reveal information... Nineteen-year-old Danny Flynn is imprisoned for his involvement with the I.R.A. in Belfast. He leaves behind his family and his sixteen-year-old girlfriend, Maggie Hamill. Fourteen years later, Danny is released from prison and returns to his old working class neighborhood to resume his life as a boxer. An underling of a gangster decides to turn over a new leaf, but will his violent past let him do so? Graduation film from Kingston University. After a tragic loss of his lover, Nuer goes on a monkey training in order to avenge for her death and to deliver his brand of justice with Li-in, his lover's younger sister. The Thai action depicts an exquisite and original combination of Muay Thai and Peking opera. A 70-year-old man takes on a corrupt assistant commissioner and the gangster whom he is protecting. A reporter who gets arrested realises that he is a victim of a fake degree certificate racket, and decides to track down the person responsible for misusing his identity. A story about an aspiring young man who works in the Chennai city, who wants to go abroad for work, this film has a huge twist after the hero meets with the heroine. The heroine, who loses her mother when she was born, wants her future husband to stay at her place after marriage. A rag-tag group of undocumented youth - Dreamers - deliberately get detained by Border Patrol in order to infiltrate a shadowy, for-profit detention center. An ordinary guy suddenly finds himself forced to fight a gladiator-like battle for a dark website that streams the violence for viewers. Miles must fight heavily armed Nix and also save his kidnapped ex-girlfriend. Raja Babu is a rich, spoiled, country bumpkin who lives a carefree, luxury lifestyle until the girl he loves rejects him and his parents reveal that he was adopted. Jack is a divorced, ex CIA agent, living in his disabled father's home (Jeff the Drunk from the Howard Stern Show), His daughter Sharon, wants to become an actress and needs her father's signature permission to fly to Hollywood for Black Casting Couch Auditions, where she eventually gets kidnapped by ISIS. They Kidnapped the Wrong Daughter, as her father Jack, possesses a particular set of skills.  Professional bodyguards pull a tough assignment. In a lake high in the mountains of New Zealand hunter Gibbie Gibson discovers a plane wreck from WW2. When he tells it around, a gang of crooks follows and threatens him and his daughter, because they know there are 50 million dollars in the wreck. Helicopter pilot Barney helps Gibbie against them, risking his life thereby. Alik, 25, has been raised by his grandfather, conductor of a renowned classical orchestra in post-Soviet Armenia where cultural institutions are failing and oligarchs allied with the mafia hold power. Alik, a clarinetist, is the virtuoso in this orchestra whose existence is seriously threatened when its key sponsor is murdered. One night, Alik comes into possession of a hired killer's mysterious telephone, which is used only to commission hits. Manipulated by a crook's daughter with whom he falls hopelessly in love and wishing to save the orchestra at all costs, Alik decides to take on the identity of the killer known as "The Virtuoso" and attempt to carry out his contracts. But Alik is a virtuoso musician, not a killer. One man must fight for his life against a murderous snake. The boss orders to Bruce, Stefano and Luigi to bring an important and mysterious briefcase to Basile. Place of delivery? A DAMNED RIVER! In an alternate present-day where magical creatures live among us, two L.A. cops become embroiled in a prophesied turf battle. At the end of the 21st century, the world is plagued by a mysterious virus and unusual weather. Genius scientist Dr. Kisaragi creates an android with the code name "Cutie Honey" (Mariya Nishiuchi). The android is unique in that it possesses human emotions. To save mankind, Cutie Honey goes up against an evil organization. Trapped in their New York brownstone's panic room, a hidden chamber built as a sanctuary in the event of break-ins, newly divorced Meg Altman and her young daughter Sarah play a deadly game of cat-and-mouse with three intruders - Burnham, Raoul and Junior - during a brutal home invasion. But the room itself is the focal point because what the intruders really want is inside it. A rich man chooses to lead the life of a beggar for 48 days in the hope that his mother, who is on her deathbed, will recover. Director James Toback takes an unflinching, uncompromising look at the life of Mike Tyson--almost solely from the perspective of the man himself. TYSON alternates between the controversial boxer addressing the camera and shots of the champion's fights to create an arresting picture of the man. Miss India and an aspiring actor spend a night together roaming the streets of Mumbai and unwittingly clash paths with a megalomaniacal gangster planning to take over India. A musical which begins with six men and a woman singing; then a dance number; finally, the six men and woman sing again. After serving 28 years in prison for accidentally killing the son of a crime boss, newly paroled gangster Val reunites with his former partners in crime, Doc and Hirsch, for a night on the town. As the three men revisit old haunts, reflect on their glory days and try to make up for lost time, one wrestles with a terrible quandary: Doc has orders to kill Val, and time is running out for him to figure out a way out of his dilemma. Ten years after the events of the original movie, Victor Crowley is mistakenly resurrected and proceeds to kill once more. An anonymous criminal gang plot a series attack in Dhaka City and three young police officers start working  on this. Film starring Dimple Kapadia, Varsha Usgaonkar and Sadashiv Amrapurkar What happens if the mob gets on small shopkeepers living in their case ? After his father's death he borrowed money from the mafia remains the Berhudar son to inherit. Back of unaccounted event tries to rally the money is not lost. Our neighborhood locksmith trying to escape from the mob Berhudar advance of the falling film , love, family , becomes a comedy to keep in mind when talking about friendship . Movie little life living two people take matters into big trouble infects rapprochement . 3 children now have a task of defeating babe balm who is rising again. A group of corporate employees go on a vacation to a beautiful hill station. There, they come across a holy saint who presents them a news paper which is four months in advance from that date. Upon reading the paper, the group find out that they along with a guy named Raju (Nara Rohit) win a boxing competition which is worth five crores. Elated with this, they start searching for Raju and finally nab him in Vizag. On the other hand, Raju is a carefree guy who is jobless and spends his life without any aim. Rest of the story is as to how this group convince Raju to learn boxing and win the prestigious competition. Bored with Bollywood movies but fascinated with their Hollywood counterparts from his youth, Ram dreams to become a singer and actor in America, the country where dreams are made. He is encouraged when his American-based close friend, Vijay Rao, comes for visit, and brags about driving a Mercedes and living in a penthouse. Five years after an economic catastrophe, the government and banks have collapsed. At a fortified village in rural Quebec, three individuals with very different pasts see their destinies unwillingly intertwined. Leon is part of a band of honest scavengers. Following a murderous attack, Leon has a falling out with the surviving members of his gang. Marianne, survivor of a brutal assault and the last living member of her family, is travelling to the village to find her aunt -- and is soon to find that her attackers are there too. Old Bob has only one goal, to reconnect and make peace with his brother, since years estranged. During his journey, he encounters Josee, a teen with attitude who sees a father figure in him. After a bloody altercation at a bar, Bob has no choice but to tolerate Joe's company. An inseparable couple Saira and Shiva find themselves in a complicated situation when a stranger claims to be her reincarnated lover from their previous lifetime, hellbent on destroying their relationship and winning her back. Radha Krishna(Srikanth) is a daring police officer who wants to settle down in life. Whenever he finalizes a girl, he lands up in trouble and spoils his marriage. On the other hand, Lakshmi Prasanna(Sonia Mann) is a qualified teacher who runs a highly successful school. Radha Krishna spots Lakshmi during an event and falls in love with her. In 2007, when NBA referee Tim Donaghy got caught betting on games he worked, he said two men associated with the Gambino crime family - a bookie named Baba Battista and a drug dealer named Tommy Martino - threatened to kill his family if he didn't give them gambling picks. That's what Donaghy told the FBI, that's what he told 60 Minutes, and that's what he testified in court. But that's not what really happened. That's not even close. INSIDE GAME is the untold true story of one of the biggest scandals in sports history. A 61-year-old Austin grandfather, his love of our oceans and his desire to preserve them for his grandchildren, created this epic public awareness campaign and documentary thriller to cause the actions needed to save our coral reefs. People everywhere were enjoying a new game called Ordinal Scale, an ARMMORPG developed exclusively for the Augma, a new wearable console designed for AR (augmented reality) gaming. But, the players had no idea that a nightmare from the virtual world was starting to spread into reality! As his fellow players find themselves in danger, the hero is called upon once again. A kidnapped bride. A distraught hero. Odysseys through surreal worlds. Menandros and Thais are freshly married, but the wedding day ends bloodily. Thais is abducted by pirates. Searching for her, the bridegroom becomes a bloodthirsty monster, his horse grows wings, a witch promises him to another woman, King Xerxes unmans him, but everything comes to an happy end. Or does it? Shyam and Vandana head to a bigger city to start a new life and business. Dode Hoek (Blind Spot) is the story of Jan Verbeeck, the uncompromising commissioner of the Antwerp drug squad. Known as Mr. Zero Tolerance, he is hugely popular with the people and the media. The country is thrown into commotion when he announces that he is leaving the police force just before the elections to join the extreme right party, VPV. On his last day as a policeman, he leads an investigation that takes him to Charleroi where a raid on a drug lab sets in motion a series of unforeseeable and fatal events. Black Friday, the day after Thanksgiving November 2012, four boys in a red SUV pull into a gas station after spending time at the mall buying sneakers and talking to girls. With music blaring, one boy exits the car and enters the store, a quick stop for a soda and a pack of gum. A man and a woman pull up next to the boys in the station, making a stop for a bottle of wine. The woman enters the store and an argument breaks out when the driver of the second car asks the boys to turn the music down. 3 1/2  minutes and ten bullets later, one of the boys is dead. 3 1/2  MINUTES dissects the aftermath of this fatal encounter. Years ago, Garid took the fall for his friend Tegshee in a murder case. Years later, Tegshee gets Garid out of prison, but his motives for the life-changing act aren't quite what they seem. Desta was born in a happy and harmonious family. However, a witchcraft delivery led to the death of his parents. Desta grows to be quiet and full of mystery. His desire to avenge the past makes him seek the mastermind behind the death of his parents.  In that search Desta meets with a group of teenagers who also has a special power like himself. Witchcraft war dominates his life when knowing the murder of his parents. Finally, Desta should choose to satisfy the lust of revenge or choose another way which is more humane. Jayaraman (Mohanlal) is born as a blind man but with heightened senses of smell, sound and touch. He is trained in the martial art of Kalaripayattu. He works as an elevator operator in an apartment where many reputed people live. One day he happens to encounter a murder in a flat. The killer escapes and Jayaraman is charged with the murder. To prove his innocence to the law, Jayaraman must now find and kill the true murderer.  Two parallel tales of redemption, a century apart. In the New York storyline, Edge hunts for Angela's gold to pay back a debt, and gradually grows closer to her. In the Macedonian story, the brothers end up fighting for opposite sides of a revolution, with the religious Elijah taking up sides with the Ottoman sultan and gunslinger Luke joining "the Teacher" , a Macedonian rebel. One man's fight to free his brother from a rough estate leads to a tournament to secure the new leader of the estate. Salvame Any given day, you might lose it all In ancient times, there were seven sacred scrolls believed to grant power and prosperity to those who possessed them. Prophecy told that a child born in pure Royal blood would one day harness power and rule over the nations. As men fought to claim the scrolls, Europe was pushed to the brink of war. In order to maintain peace, a Celtic King, the Father of a pure blood child, obtained the scrolls and gave them to the Christian Council for safe keeping. As word of the King's actions spread, a warlord hell - bent on finding the scrolls murdered him in cold blood. And so, the King's Daughter, like the scrolls, was taken into hiding until the day that the prophecy could be fulfilled ... Veteran hikes 2,650 miles to bring a voice to servicemen and women continuing to struggle with injury and pain. During a wild night of debauchery, a gang of vengeful women plot to massacre a monastery full of corrupt monks who sold their loved ones as slaves. Their plan comes unstuck when a gang of marauding Vikings arrive with an army of vicious, tree-like demons on their tail.. Pugazh, a young man, fights against a corrupt politician who wants to acquire the playground of his area, which he and his friends use for sports activities. Kodi Parakuthu is a Tamil film is directed by Bharathiraja.The film was released on 1988 Diwali day. After a decade Rajinikanth joined with BharathiRaja for this film. Movie released with lots of expectations and did resonably at the box office. In other words, it was bad and not many people wanted to watch it. Most of them had to be paid to watch the film. All in all, it was a good first attempt by the director and is comparable to someone licking shit off a horse's rear. A handful of diverse characters find themselves in extraordinary situations that are interlinked with one another. Sophie Anderson is the lead attorney on an intellectual property case against a corrupt pharmaceutical company. When her mentor and boss is kidnapped, she becomes a pawn in an elaborate scheme that jeopardizes her case and more. Join us in this action packed drama.Where you'll engage in the struggles and life in the streets. You will see how the story unfolds when a young man is determined to fight his way out of the streets. There is a lot of Hardship,Deception and Betrayal.Will this young man succeed in life or will the streets claim victory. This is a film of controversy. A young man embodies the pride of living in Ambarsar. A Los Angeles radio-station manager's girlfriend shows his teenage daughter how to be sexy. A lonely hotel by a lonely road. Sarah is lost, looking for somewhere to sleep. She's come to the wrong place. A lonely hotel by a lonely road. Sarah is lost, Jenny is looking for her. She's come to the right place. The Bridgeburn Hotel Krishnashtami tells the story of an NRI who returns to India with a definite purpose. This romantic entertainer is told with large doses of comedy, romance and family values. Mann-Mohan lookalike twin brothers living in two different parts of the world, getting trapped in some unwitting situations followed by unknowingly replacing each other only to get into further trouble. A 22-year-old factory worker lets loose on the weekends: drinking, brawling, and dating two women, one of whom is older and married. Christian Comedienne Chondra Pierce with skits about  "The Pierce Memorial Funeral Home and Taxidermy," "Thirty Rednecks in the Holy Land" and "The Thrill of the Amazing Exploding Toilet" plus others! Based on a true kidnapping event, Carlo Sandoval was kidnapped instead of his sister. An annual hunting trip for four longtime friends turns into a backwoods nightmare when they run into a group of devout locals deep inside the Pacific Northwest. As tension mounts between the two groups, the men become caught in a vicious game of cat and mouse while struggling to deal with their own personal demons and growing distrust among each other in this pulse-pounding action thriller. After the deadbeat brother of a businessman is assumed to be in on his own kidnapping, his sibling must take action to rescue him. "Infiltration" follows Reaper, Widowmaker, and Sombra as they attempt to assassinate a high-priority target. But, when the operation doesn't go as planned, the Talon agents are forced improvise... The Dutch declare unilaterally that they are not longer bound by the Renville Treaty, and to stop the ceasefire. On December 19, 1948, Army Commander General Spoor Noord Simons leads military aggression II to attack Yogyakarta, the capital of the Republic of Indonesia at the time. The Dutch arrested Soekarno-Hatta and exiled them to the island of Bangka. General Soedirman who suffered from tuberculosis leads the guerrilla war for seven months against the Dutch. Crossed Lines (Chinese: Ming Yun Hu Jiao Zhuan Yi ; pinyin: Mingyun Hujiao Zhuanyi) is a Chinese comedy anthology film. Taurus City, The United States of Europe, 2023. Uly, a disillusioned soldier riddled with amnesia, returns home from a war in the Middle East, knowing only that he must desperately comb the city to find his beloved wife, Penelope. Fate fills this endless night with a series of chance meetings. Whether it be the wealthy Alcyde, the beastly cyclops Popov, Aeo the Gyspy, or Cici the Sorceress, good or evil that they be, each encounter fills in a missing piece of Uly's memory, so that he can finally face his past. When a giant monster attacks Japan, the country's only hope is a research assistant who's become monstrously big himself. But there might be a price. The Asylum's mockbuster of Ben-Hur (2016) Brooklyn mobster and prolific hit man Jimmy Conlon has seen better days. Longtime best friend of a mob boss, Jimmy is haunted by the sins of his past--as well as a dogged police detective who's been one step behind Jimmy for 30 years. But when Jimmy's estranged son becomes a target, Jimmy must make a choice between the crime family he chose and the real family he abandoned long ago. Now, with nowhere safe to turn, Jimmy has just one night to figure out exactly where his loyalties lie and to see if he can finally make things right. Burt Gummer (Michael Gross) and his son Travis Welker (Jamie Kennedy) find themselves up to their ears in Graboids and Ass-Blasters when they head to Canada to investigate a series of deadly giant-worm attacks. Arriving at a remote research facility in the artic tundra, Burt begins to suspect that Graboids are secretly being weaponized, but before he can prove his theory, he is sidelined by Graboid venom. With just 48 hours to live, the only hope is to create an antidote from fresh venom -- but to do that, someone will have to figure out how to milk a Graboid! 2ELEVEN IS THE TALE OF TWO BROTHERS HUSTLING TO SURVIVE IN THE STREETS OF DETROIT. ZO, THE CALM, AMBITIOUS BROTHER WANTS NOTHING MORE THAN TO GIVE HIS DAUGHTER, NATTY, A BETTER LIFE WHILE MURDA, THE FLASHY HOT TEMPERED BROTHER LOVES THE FAST LIFE AND EVEN FASTER MONEY. TWO VERY DIFFERENT BROTHERS WITH THE SAME OCCUPATION, COMMITTING ROBBERIES. ZO, MURDA, AND THEIR ACCOMPLICE, RELL START OFF AS SMALL TIME THIEVES UNTIL ZO LINKS UP WITH A SEASON VETERAN WHO GIVES THEM THE OPPORTUNITY TO CATCH BIGGER FISH AND MAKE MORE MONEY. ONCE THESE "JACK BOYS" BEGIN TO SEE A SHIFT IN INCOME, THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN ZO AND MURDA BECOME MORE APPARENT. TEMPERS FLARE, BLOOD IS SHED, AND LINES ARE CROSSED. THE MORE MONEY THAT IS MADE, THE MORE LOYALTY IS TESTED. THIS URBAN DRAMA IS SURE TO LEAVE YOU THINKING A country girl is persuaded to elope with the minister's nephew but she discovers that he is worthless. After he is killed in a brawl, her former sweetheart takes her back to her home. Leo San Juan and his team of "ghostbusters" continue with their adventures, this time fighting against the mexican monster himself: "El Chupacabras". A young husband and wife must fight to return home in a post-apocalyptic mid-western landscape ravaged by gangs. On a flight transporting dangerous convicts, murderer Ryan Weaver manages to break free and cause complete chaos throughout the plane. As various people on board fall victim to Weaver, it is ultimately down to flight attendant Teri Halloran to keep the aircraft from crashing, with on-ground support from an air traffic controller. While Halloran struggles to pilot the plane, Weaver continues to terrorize the surviving members of the crew. The events focus around a crisis hotline business on one crazy night during the Christmas holidays. A beautiful woman and her boyfriend are trying to escape from sadistic serial killers. Lonnie, a crop duster pilot, must lead a mismatched group of survivors to escape the deadly zombie horde after an experimental chemical, intended to control the invasive kudzu vine, transforms the citizens of Charleston, MS into zombies. A high school swim champion with a troubled past enrolls in the U.S. Coast Guard's 'A' School, where legendary rescue swimmer, Ben Randall teaches him some hard lessons about loss, love, and self-sacrifice. The magical kingdom of Lucis is home to the world's last remaining Crystal, and the menacing empire of Niflheim is determined to steal it. King Regis of Lucis commands an elite force of soldiers called the Kingsglaive. Wielding their king's magic, they fight to protect Lucis. As the overwhelming military might of the empire bears down, King Regis is faced with an impossible ultimatum - to marry his son, Prince Noctis to Princess Lunafreya of Tenebrae, captive of Niflheim, and surrender his lands to Niflheim rule.  Although the king concedes, it becomes clear that the empire will stop at nothing to achieve their devious goals, with only the Kingsglaive standing between them and world domination. Abhishek Handa, a temperamental chef, invites his wife, Ritu to review his food. Ritu is a professional food critic and takes her job pretty seriously. After tasting couple of dishes, she rates him 2.3. Kari the babysitter thinks she's in for a night of routine babysitting. She's prepared to provide neurological stimulation with some soothing musical accompaniment for little Jack-Jack, the smallest member of the incredible Parr family. Little does she know that Jack-Jack will teach her a thing or two about babies with "special needs." The world turns upside down for Baba on his 25th birthday, when he learns that his apparently boring father is in fact a dreaded hitman, and that his family has made a tradition out of this morbid business for the past 12 generations! Now, the time has come for Baba to take over as the 13th. And as if all of this is not enough, there is the strange case of the love interest with her own secrets, a stolen Renoir painting and prowling contract killers. The plot thickens, but is Baba ready for the mayhem that's about to ensue!? A pretty young girl falls for an enigmatic, shy man who sweeps her off her feet. She becomes pregnant but is not allowed to tell him. His advisers are adamant. Back home, they have set up a wedding with the daughter of an antagonistic family and marriage will put an end to the blood feud between them. The friendship of two men is tested when things go wrong in their blood theft business and a tough-as-nails cop starts chasing suspects. The story follows Dawood, who wishes to don the cop uniform right from his childhood. He grows up to be a straight-laced, passionate policeman, who is sent off to a sleepy border suburb Kollanahalli for his first posting. An unexpected turn of events presents him an opportunity to prove himself. When a crime organization from North Korea crosses borders and enters South Korean soil, a South Korean detective must cooperate with a North Korean detective to investigate their whereabouts. A picturesque family vacation to the Ozarks goes sideways when a group of bull sharks show up just in time for the big fireworks festival that the town holds every year. After a mysterious prisoner with only a few weeks left on his sentence breaks out of prison in Central City, the Elric brothers attempt to track him down. The search leads them to Table City in the southwestern country of Creta, where Alphonse rescues a young alchemist named Julia from the very man they are trying to capture. In the thick of the fight, they literally tumble into Julia's home turf, the slums of Milos Valley, and are embroiled in the grassroots rebellion of her people. Fadil, one of the fiercest mobsters of Turkey, one day falls in love with his Indian yoga instructor, Gundhi. Once Gundhi is kidnapped from Fadil's mansion Fadil sets out to India with his trustworthy friend Hulusi. He plans to rescue Gundhi and win her heart but this is a tough job as Gundhi's mother is one of the fiercest mobsters of India. With the help of a Turkish municipality worker in Mumbai, Fadil and Hulusi get entangled in numerous adventures as they try to reach Gundhi. Laughter ensues once Fadil's parents arrive in town. Will Fadil be able to save Gundhi and have his happy ending? On the run from the mob, Jake Bolt visits his estranged foster brother. As the mafia closes in, the two brothers must band together to fend off the mafia - while trying not to kill each other in the process. After the tragic death of his mother, Carlos "El Paletero" won't have a choice but to take justice into his own hands. His destination is a far away town. His mission is to recover his mother's ashes. The means in which he will be fulfilling his goal don't matter, what matters is that nothing is left in impunity. El Paletero is a Honduran western that promises justice. An unwavering lawyer battles against the lies and deception of a corrupt police department to expose the truth behind the suspicious death of a young man. Lakshmana (Kannada: lkssmnn) is a 2016 Indian Kannada language action film directed and written by R. Chandru. The film features newcomer Anoop and Meghana Raj in the lead roles with V. Ravichandran playing an important supporting role. The soundtrack and original score is composed by Arjun Janya whilst the cinematography is by Santhosh Rai Pathaje. The film is reportedly inspired from the Telugu film Athanokkade (2005) directed by Surender Reddy. Zack Mayo is an aloof, taciturn man who aspires to be a navy pilot. Once he arrives at training camp for his 13-week officer's course, Mayo runs afoul of abrasive, no-nonsense drill Sergeant Emil Foley. Mayo is an excellent cadet, but a little cold around the heart, so Foley rides him mercilessly, sensing that the young man would be prime officer material if he weren't so self-involved. Zack's affair with a working girl is likewise compromised by his unwillingness to give of himself. While attending a party at James Franco's house, Seth Rogen, Jay Baruchel and many other celebrities are faced with the apocalypse. After the hot-tempered police detective Fei messes up yet another operation, he is transferred to a fictional department that houses all the useless staff the force couldn't sack. There he finds a new enemy in the mild-mannered desk officer Johnny, who loathes Fei's disregard for discipline. But when Fei's father and Johnny's mother coincidentally become an item, the new brothers must somehow learn to cohabit under the same roof. An ex New York cop is desperate to find his kidnapped daughter. Two chess masters are entangled in several murder cases related to organ transplants. A cop and criminal psychologist Calvin Che have to work together to find the missing link, whilst facing various dangers. A deep cover operative awakens to find himself imprisoned on a submarine. With the help of a fellow prisoner and an amateur agent, he must race against the clock to escape the vessel and expose who set him up. A 3D feature film about Sir Edmund Hillary's monumental and historical ascent of Mt. Everest in 1953 - an event that stunned the world and defined a nation. A master strategist is appointed following Veerappan's unabashed spate of crimes and murders. The official puts in place Operation Cocoon, which involves setting up a network of spies and informers. Seven year-old old twin brothers, separated during the Civil War in Tajikistan, face each other years later in a new war where one is an American soldier and the other is Taliban. A prison warden fights to prove one of his inmates was wrongly convicted. In the final days of World War II, a secret experiment to weaponize sharks is shut down and destroyed by the Third Reich. But now, 60 years later, a small ocean town is plagued by a bloodthirsty, mysterious creature, one built and reanimated using parts of the greatest killers to ever inhabit the sea - the Sharkenstein monster! Overwhelmed by her suffocating schedule, touring European princess Ann takes off for a night while in Rome. When a sedative she took from her doctor kicks in, however, she falls asleep on a park bench and is found by an American reporter, Joe Bradley, who takes her back to his apartment for safety. At work the next morning, Joe finds out Ann's regal identity and bets his editor he can get exclusive interview with her, but romance soon gets in the way. It's X-Men meets The Breakfast Club. When five superhero teens are hauled into detention at their secret training academy, they have to work together to stop the sinister Kaelus from stealing all the students' powers. A team of astronauts is sent to the moon to rescue an alien who is seeking help to save her dying race. They are attacked by a force of bandit robots and discover that enemy spies are out to kill the alien. Two old friends living in a dystopic future become trapped in a mysterious time loop -- one that may have something to do with an ongoing battle between an omnipotent corporation and a ragtag band of rebels. Muggy heat, small-town bleakness, unspoken social problems, hierarchy fights. This is Tuzko town, somewhere in Hungary, nowadays. Here comes Misi who inherits his grandfather's house and his property. Misi is a disillusioned, frustrated, constantly refugee young man. He can't find his role in his life, his job and relationship. He starts to build and renovate the house with some men from the town, but it violates the local oligarch's interests. Hard struggle begins for the property, for the love and for the life. The story of a family living in a small godforsaken town in Turkey seen through the eyes of children and dealing with the growing complexity when one becomes an adult. The railway runs kilometers through the forest. Shikhamani is the most honest and efficient gang man. He lives in the nearby village. Quite unexpectedly a girl enters his life and the resulting events are plotted. Musafir (Hindi: musaaph'ir Musafir, translation: Traveller) is a 2004 Hindi thriller film, directed and produced by Sanjay Gupta starring Sanjay Dutt, Anil Kapoor and Sameera Reddy. The film was controversial because of some sensual scenes, including kissing, between Kapoor and Reddy. The film has been described as "a take-off on" Oliver Stone's 1997 thriller, U Turn HONG Gildong is an infallible private detective with an exceptional memory and quirky personality. While chasing the only target he failed to find, he gets entangled in a much bigger conspiracy than he bargained for. England, 15th century. Hal, a capricious prince who lives among the populace far from court, is forced by circumstances to reluctantly accept the throne and become Henry V. A washed-up private security agent has to escort a valuable Chinese antique out of Shanghai but is ambushed en route. A syndicate old-timer named Ben needs to do one last assignment before the boss he works for grants him his much delayed retirement. Assigned to be his partner is the neophyte Morris, a trigger-happy, sadist who yearns to impress the syndicate boss. For Ben, this last assignment turns out to be a journey of introspection, self-healing and redemption. With this awakening, he takes it upon himself to pull Morris out of the eventual hell-of-a-life he says he has lived as a hitman. Gamers enter virtual reality video game contest for money only to realize things are not the way they seem. A story about bravery, self-sacrifice and human dignity put on trial by the merciless power of nature. A young pilot is fired from military air force after disobeying an absurd order. He gets a job as a co-pilot with a civil airline. Being brutally honest and direct, he is not on best terms with his new colleagues. During a flight to Asia his crew receives a distress message from a volcanic island and makes a decision to attempt a rescue mission. Will it be a success? Will they survive the disaster? They have a single chance to find that out: by being a team and sticking up for one another. Three fairy tale princesses find themselves engaged to the same guy, Prince Charming. The vessel is Infinity, a 120-foot hand-built sailboat, crewed by a band of miscreants. The journey, an 8,000 mile Pacific crossing from New Zealand to Patagonia, with a stop in Antarctica. Unlike all the other boats heading to the Southern Ocean, Infinity is no ice-reinforced super-yacht crewed by professional sailors; rather, Infinity lives in the moment and sails on a whim. What can be found in abundance on board is blood, sweat, enthusiasm, risk tolerance, disdain for authority, and an ample supply of alcohol - all in all a mad voyage of reckless adventure just for the sheer joy of it. Along the way the crew will battle a hurricane of ice in the Ross Sea, assist the radical environmental group Sea Shepherd in their fight with illegal whalers, and tear every sail they have. At the heart of their journey is a quest for awe and a sense of wonder with the raw power of the natural world. A Viking Princess is forced to flee her kingdom after being framed for the murder of her father, the King. Under the guidance of the God Odin, she travels the world gaining wisdom and building the army she needs to win back her throne. After working as a drug courier and getting into a brutal shootout with police, a former boxer finds himself at the mercy of his enemies as they force him to instigate violent acts that turn the prison he resides in into a battleground. Life for the residents of a tower block begins to run out of control. 2021 - 5 years after the outbreak of a mysterious virus that turned humans into bloodthirsty, undead beasts much of the world's population has been decimated. When governments were unable to keep the disease at bay, the Contagion Special Unit was formed with the toughest soldiers and best specialists to fight the infected. Because of the rapidly decreasing number of soldiers, a popular online video game Dead Trigger that mirrors the terrifying events was created. The best efforts of the gamers are monitored by the CSU who recruit the highest rated zombie killers. The young recruits are called "Dead Triggers". The movie follows a group of young recruits who must travel to the origin of the outbreak to find a missing team of scientists who were searching for a cure. An innocent man turns fugitive as he reconstructs events that implicate him for a murder and robbery he did not commit. The life story of slain legislator Vangaveeti Mohan Ranga Rao who was assassinated during the NT Rama Rao regime in 1989. ZG80 is a prequel of Metastaze. The movie brings back its characters to prewar Yugoslavia where they, as part of Bad Blue Boys, go on a football match in Belgrade to see Dinamo play against Crvena Zvezda. They encounter guest fans, their arch rivals Delije, in a series of events that lead to football fans war on the streets of Belgrade. Diz (Joel Courtney) is a reckless teenage drifter living life on the run. Abandoned by his parents as a child, he looks out for himself and doesn't accept handouts. He takes whatever he wants and runs. Jaded and determined to answer to no one, Diz lives a life marked by thievery and abandonment. Things change for Diz when he floats into a small town on the Snake River. There he is confronted by an unflappable old man named Marty and falls for Marty's guarded granddaughter, Selah. When Diz robs a local drug-dealing crazy, he becomes the owner of a giant pile of cash and the target of two vicious killers. With more money than he knows what to do with, and criminals at his heels, Diz puts the people he's learned to care about in danger, still trying to win Selah. But some things can't be stolen or bought. The River Thief is a film about guilt, self-sacrifice, and accepting life as a gift. A group of military prisoners must fight off a terrorist attack on their prison which, unbeknownst to them, is a cover for a secret drone control facility. Serena Brooks, an ambitious young actress, signs on as the star of a horror film with a crew of backwoods filmmakers that have worked together for years. When the cast starts disappearing, Serena has to become her character if she wants to survive. A creation myth realized in light, patterns, images superimposed, rapid cutting, and silence. A black screen, then streaks of light, then an explosion of color and squiggles and happenstance. Next, images of small circles emerge then of the Sun. Images of our Earth appear, woods, a part of a body, a nude woman perhaps giving birth. Imagery evokes movement across time. When five friends vacation at a remote lake house, they expect nothing less then a good time, unaware that Earth is under attack by an alien invasion and mass-abductions. A couple off for a romantic weekend in the mountains are accosted by a biker gang. Alone in the mountains, Brea and John must defend themselves against the gang, who will stop at nothing to protect their secrets. Reckless government policies nearly destroyed American Indians and could do the same to the U.S. Generation Red Nation gives a brutally honest view of life on Indian reservations, leaving the Reservation, and city life. Our Nation can benefit from American Indian advice, especially when many of us feel victimized by corruption from corporate and government leaders.  The story deals with the ego between a jailor(cop) and the prisoner who is subjected to death. An aspiring film director narrates a breath-taking story to his girlfriend in a coffee shop. An unknown message knocks the door the next day, asking him to write a love story. He sends his own love story, which impresses the stranger, but he asks for an action ending for killing a brutal villain. Hero sends a thrilling plot. This time the stranger sends a parcel with a gun to kill the real life brutal villain implying the same plot this time. Hero ends up knowing the cruel intentions of the villain and tries to escape from this trap. But he receives a message showing his girlfriend meeting a planned accident. That states a warning that there is no going back. Can a common man really attempt to kill a brutal villain for his loved ones? Who is the unknown stranger behind this? How will hero unfold the mysterious murder plan? When the leader of an all-female biker gang (the "Hellcat's") is brutally murdered, the gang is out for vengeance! Now led by the tough & sexy "Kat" (Lisa Neeld); the hellcats go full-throttle in pursuing her killers. Starring playboy centerfold Lisa Neeld, Deborah (HARD TO DIE) Dutch, Donna (ANGEL OF RECKONING) Hamblin, and more. An assassin teams up with a woman to help her find her father and uncover the mysteries of her ancestry.  Making Moves that risks everything over comfort and stability. A bunch of people die in the aftermath of a fixed horse-race, and then the daughter of one of them is seduced and abandoned by a playboy who courts her while planning to marry a different woman. From a murky landscape, a wooded mountain emerges. We watch the sun. We see a bearded man climbing up the mountain through the snow. He carries an ax, and he's accompanied by a dog. His labors continue. There is no soundtrack. Images rush past - water, trees, and surfaces too close up to distinguish. He struggles. A fire burns. Nature, in long shots and magnified, is formidable and silent. It's tough going; he carries on. In a capillary, blood flows. A group of eccentric assassins are fed up with Gunther, the world's greatest hitman, and decide to kill him - but their plan turns into a series of bungled encounters as Gunther seems to always be one step ahead. Joe Dirt is a janitor with a mullet hairdo, acid-washed jeans and a dream to find the parents that he lost at the Grand Canyon when he was a belligerent, trailer park-raised eight-year-old. Now, blasting Van Halen in his jacked-up economy car, the irrepressibly optimistic Joe hits the road alone in search of his folks. Bombing case at Nichiuri TV in autumn. The Satsuki Cup, which crowns the winner of Japan's Hyakunin Isshu, is currently being filmed inside the facility. The incident results in a big commotion and, while the building is burning to ashes, the only people left inside are Hattori and Toyama Kazuha. They get rescued just in time by Conan , who rushes to the scene. Both the identity and purposes of the bomber are unknown. Deddy (Deddy Corbuzier), the assassin who is member of a secret organization, deeply traumatized when his beloved wife was killed. He decides to quit. However, there is still a final contract that he must do before he can get out of the underworld.  The target is Volland (Volland Humonggio), ruthless thug who has a sister, Chika (Chika Jessica). In his guise Deddy is close and fall in love with Chika. With a dark past, a desire to quit and ending the task, he faces a difficult choice: kill the target and lose his new love or quit the party risking himself and his girlfriend to be killed by his organization. After being accused of murder and awaiting his death penalty, Kishen Mohan Girhotra is compelled by NGO worker Gayatri Kashyap to form a musical band of prisoners to compete at band competition held at the dreaded jail of 'Lucknow Central'. Kishen befriends and convinces a talented bunch of criminals to form a band that provides them with a purpose and a new lease of life. A young man in desperate need of money to solve his problems, gets entangled in a fraudulent money laundering racket. English remake of the Korean film. SUPREME CHAMPION is a fun, sexy, stylized and fast paced fight action thriller about honor and courage featuring eight world class mixed martial arts champions. The spirit of a dead Chinese railway worker seeking revenge possesses the body of a lethal assassin! Kate and Humphrey take their pups to Alfred Creek Falls for a vacation, where they find themselves embroiled in a cross-country chase after mad wolf trappers spot them. The life of a teenage boy is forever altered by a chance encounter with cutting edge military technology. The 1980s snooker rivalry between Alex "Hurricane" Higgins and Steve "The Nugget" Davis, two very different personalities who helped popularise the sport on TV. After reuniting with his love of life, Sha Sha, underground boxer Gao Yuan escapes from the gangster who controls him. Hao Ge kidnaps Sha Sha so Gao Yuan would return to the game. Circuit crashes on a hostile planet with no memory of why he is there. he just knows his mission is complete and he needs to return to The Orbitor Space Station. The only way he can get back to the space station is by finding a city called Caelum. Will he make it to the city or will he be deleted by an evil race called Viruses? Only time will tell and time is counting down... The film is about a thief, who is arguably the best in the game. He is in debt to the Mafia led by Ringo, so he has to pull off one last big heist to pay them back. He recruits Rocky, a thief who is relatively new in the game with a promising track record to help him pull off one final job of 7 Billion Dollars robbery at a Palace in Bangkok. Aliens invade, this time delivering a clear ultimatum. The fate of humanity hangs in the balance as the U.S. President and citizens decide if these aliens are to be trusted... or feared. Duke Diver is living the high life as the freewheeling manager of a luxurious resort in Palm Springs, Calif. He soon faces competition from Leo, a former military man who likes the same woman that Duke is interested in. When Diver's past suddenly catches up with him, he must put aside his differences and reluctantly team up with Leo to stop whoever is trying to kill him. How far does a soccer fan goes for his beloved national team? Mariano Cardenas will risk his job, wife and family to support his soccer team during the World Cup qualifiers. A getaway driver for a bank robbery realizes he has been double crossed and races to find out who betrayed him. Ex-gangster Willie Parker has betrayed his former "colleagues" and now lives in Spain where he thinks he can hide from their vengeance... A former serial killer Byung-su gets diagnosed with Alzheimer's and when a series of murders occur near his town, he worries whether the killings are his doings. Then, he comes across Tae-ju and realizes that he's the killer. He reports this to the police, only to learn that Tae-ju is one. Byung-su tries to find evidence against Tae-ju, only to raise the young killer's interest on him and his dear daughter. Retired Navy S.E.A.L. Christopher 'Soup' Campbell is a tactical specialist for a private security firm at a counter terrorism training facility hidden in the Blue Ridge Mountains. The military and intelligence community call him 'Soup', not only because of the familiarity of his last name, but his ability to combine and assess a variety of threats into a strategic tactical response. A specific skill that came useful on many of his combat tours into Iraq and Afghanistan. The Professionals is a 1966 American Western film directed by Richard Brooks. A kidnap-rescue adventure set in about 1917, it features a small group of experts heading into Mexico to free the Mexican-born wife of a wealthy Texan from several hundred bandits. The film is based on the novel A Mule for the Marquesa by Frank O'Rourke. In this re-telling of Iliad, set in 1174 B.C. after ten years of fighting in the Trojan War, the Greek warrior Odysseus decides to travel for home, but instead finds a string of mis-adventures over the sea and land as he, along with a captive Trojan warrior named Circe as well as a group of loyal Greek soldiers, venture on the sea and land to get home to the island kingdom of Icarus and fighting sea sirens, and other mystical creatures to get home to his wife Penelope who is being hounded by a group of suitors hoping she will chose to make one of them their bride. Freddie, a volatile, heavy-drinking veteran who suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder, finds some semblance of a family when he stumbles onto the ship of Lancaster Dodd, the charismatic leader of a new "religion" he forms after World War II. The story of a woman who dreams to join an intervention group in the police department called RAID. Unfortunately, she is rather clumsy and both her family (and soon to be family-in-law) and a veteran of the RAID do not approve. However, Johanna is determined to prove them wrong. Teenager Johan loves drift racing but his father doesn`t support his involvement in the sport. Despite his father`s objection, Johan continues to pursue his passion with the help of his best friend, Bojeng; his uncle, Ajoi; and the mad scientist, Pak Idun. One day, Johan discovers his father`s dark past and it is closely related to drift racing. Since then, he vows to turn his passion into a lifelong ambition. Johan faces various struggles involving his childhood crush, Julia; secret admirer, Shiela; and scheming rival, Ray. Just when a fatal accident is about to happen before his eyes, Johan does the unthinkable - he travels to the past with a time-travelling machine to save his loved ones in the future. A young boy searches a future world wasteland for a rumored cure for his dying mother. What started as a simple escort mission will soon turn to chaos as the prisoners of Koh Kla take over the prison grounds. A special task force [Jean-Paul Ly, Dara Our, Tharoth Sam] gets trapped in the prison will have to fight their way out for survival, to protect a key witness [Savin Phillip]. Some years ago, the world experienced a "day of reckoning" when creatures came up from below and purged humanity of evil. Now, it is happening again. Subhash Nagre or Sarkar, the patriarch of the most powerful family of Maharashtra, continues to hold centre-stage because of his immense clout with the masses. In this outing, the Godfather is joined by his grandson Shivaji Nagre who loves and hates his grandfather with equal intensity. Will Shivaji betray Subhash? Or will he become a prey to his grandfather's machinations? Special-forces Captain and anti-poaching crusader, Gabriel, goes on the rampage to take vengeance for the murder of his partner in conservation and the wholesale slaughter of endangered wildlife, on those who seek to profit on the false myths propagated predominantly in the east about the power of the rhino horn. This thrilling journey into the heart of darkness of the illegal wildlife trade, exhibits the dynamic energy of Tariku Bogale, (Gabriel) who shows off his action skills as he defends and protects human and animal lives, while violently taking the law into his own hands. Rei is a freelance writer embattled by personal demons. We first meet her in a convenience store where she is buying too much alcohol and not enough food. At the magazine rack she pauses to contemplate the happiness of the glamour girls on the glossies for which she writes. Only later do we realize that this is self-reflection. A chance encounter with truck driving Takatoshi, leads to a two day romp of sex, friendship and introspection. It's unclear if what happens to her is the product of her writer self imagining it all as a magazine serial (hence the inter-titles and voice of the narrator). Based on the Geoff Johns/Gary Frank 2008 release "Superman: Brainiac," Superman: Unbound finds the horrific force responsible for the destruction of Krypton (Brainiac) descending upon Earth. Brainiac has crossed the universe, collecting cities from interesting planets, Kandor included, and now the all-knowing, ever-evolving android has his sights fixed on Metropolis. Superman must summon all of his physical and intellectual resources to protect his city, the love of his life, and his newly-arrived cousin, Supergirl. A young husband leaves his river shantyboat community in Pecan Point, Tennessee and travels to New Orleans in search of his runaway wife. In the village Ammapatti, Maruthu Pandi is a coracle operator in day and the village protector at night. The villagers give him food in exchange of his work. Maruthu Pandi has a mentally ill sister Lakshmi who is pregnant and he takes care of Lakshmi like a mother. Kanagavalli, a dancer, slowly falls in love with Maruthu Pandi. Kanagavalli is in fact a police officer who wants to arrest Maruthu Pandi. Maruthu Pandi's real name is Manickam, and after a revealed flashback, police team come to Ammapatti to arrest Manickam. What transpires later forms the crux of the story. Jiro, a little boy, feels sick. His father takes him to the doctor. She diagnoses a harmless condition, but it shakes the core of the boy's identity. A small-town criminal finds an ancient Chinese time-travel device that can help him pull off a heist and start a new life-but he may not survive the consequences of tampering with time. The Castle meets Looper, Mega Time Squad is a study in high-meets-low, combining elements of the sci-fi, the crime thriller and the comedy to make a comedy heist film with a time-traveling twist. Framed and on the run, a former FBI agent must save his family from a blazing fire in the world's tallest building. After a chance encounter with a man forgotten from his youth, Fred literally and metaphorically journeys into his past. Vegetable House is no garden variety comedy. When actor/writers Joe Doyle, Ron Dean (Code of Silence), and Aaron Freeman (America's Political Satirist) team up, nothing is sacred. The Vegetable House players include some Chicago's brightest comedy stars drawn largely from the famed "Second City" comedy troupe. At Vegetable House, Brussels sprouts shiver in their sheets while above lurks the menace of the Vegomatic. Suburban housewives submit to weekly games of bondage bridge. Meet Tokai Lokoto, the 3rd World's funniest man, and Gordon, whose nailbiting has gotten out of hand. Follow the adventures of "Kaa Kaa of the City" who was abandoned at birth and raised by pigeons in Grant Park. And the Veggie Video, don't forget the Veggie Video. Hot Pop. Hot Veggies. Hot Video. Forced to play a dangerous game of cat-and-mouse in the chaos of war, an elite Army bomb squad unit must come together in a city where everyone is a potential enemy and every object could be a deadly bomb. Virginia will do the impossible in order to rescue her little daughter who has been abducted. After a terrible accident, she has the chance to live one day more to save her. On her path, she will find out that there are worst thing than death. The film follows the journey of fellow "mat moto", also known as bikers, who share the same interest in motorsport. On a journey across Malaysia, the bikers discover the true meaning of friendship and the joy of sharing the same hobby. After a massive shootout, a mysterious stranger (Van Damme) arrives at a local hospital on the brink of death. Then, a foreign gang brazenly comes to the hospital to hunt him down. His nurse, the sole surviving witness to the follow-up shootout, must face an FBI interrogation that unlocks a plot of international intrigue and revenge. With enough twists and turns, KILL'EM ALL will keep you guessing until the final bullet is fired. Raised suckling poison arrows among the sparring Iga ninja factions, Mumon (Satoshi Ohno, of idol group Arashi) is a carefree 16th-century mercenary. When the ninja council makes a power play to defeat the young Nobukatsu Oda struggling to step into his father's warlord shoes as they expand rule across the country, Mumon jumps into the fray to satisfy his new bride Okuni's (Satomi Ishihara of Shin Godzilla, Attack on Titan) demand that he make good on his promises of wealth. Yet Mumon soon finds what is worth fighting for beyond money or nation. A longtime JAPAN CUTS favorite known for his offbeat dramas, Yoshihiro Nakamura (Fish Story, Golden Slumber) takes on the jidaigeki epic with his signature sense of play featuring a jazzy soundtrack and fantastical ninja tricks. -JAPAN CUTS: Festival of New Japanese Film In the dawn of the Meiji period, the Gokumonjou, an inescapable prison, has been established in the middle of an enormous lake to counter the soaring crime rates the new era has brought. Serving as the ferrymen are the famous Kumou brothers: the eccentric family head, Tenka; the reckless but noble second son, Soramaru; and the guileless youngest, Chuutarou. In spite of their grim work, the three lead relatively peaceful lives in the ever-cloudy town of Oumi, together with their housekeeper, Shirasu Kinjou. But buried in the long history of Oumi is the legend of the terrifying "Orochi," a serpentine beast that awakens every three hundred years in a human vessel. Unbeknownst to Soramaru and Chuutarou, the actual job of the Kumou family is to seal the Orochi away before it fully revives--or the world will be plunged into destruction. Amid the monster's next resurrection, the Kumou family must find the resolve to keep laughing under the clouds. 10 strangers are summoned to a remote island and while they are waiting for the mysterious host to appear, a recording levels serious accusations at each of the guests, including Judge Francis J. Quinncannon and Dr. Edward G. Armstrong, and soon they start being murdered, one by one. As the survivors try to keep their wits, they reach a disturbing conclusion: one of them must be the killer. Aliens have invaded and overtaken the Earth. Trying to escape defeat, a Chinese General (Tiger Hu Chen) is sent back in time trying to devise a way to defeat the alien invaders. BSAA Chris Redfield enlists the help of government agent Leon S. Kennedy and Professor Rebecca Chambers from Alexander Institute of Biotechnology to stop a death merchant with a vengeance from spreading a deadly virus in New York. Alvaro and his friends try to scam a Dominican crime lord in order to pay off a debt to a Russian mobster. The Film 18.11 a code of Secrecy..!! is based on Science &amp; Technology and Packed with Romance, Comedy, Action. Thrill and Specially the Suspense lies in the name title - 18.11... which is revealed at the end.  Rehal khan, the Hero of the Film is a Software Engineer in America,During his Course he made a software which generates an alarm and sends a danger signal about Bomb /Explosive plan in every mobile phone within the radius area of 1k.m.He did not experiment the same in America. In a bizarre Breton library that collects rejected, never published manuscripts, a young editor discovers a novel that she considers a masterpiece. It was written by a certain Henri Pick, a cook who died two years earlier and who, according to his widow, had never read a book in his life or written anything but a shopping list... Did he have a secret life? When the book becomes a huge best-seller, Jean- Michel Rouche, a skeptical and stubborn literary critic, teams up with Josephine, Pick's daughter, to unravel the mystery. 'Cocuklar Sana Emanet' meaning 'Children's Safety to you" The story about an interior architect Kerem (Engin Akyurek) recovering from traumatic car accident then spends time with healer woman and people of a village. But It is full of mysteries, suspense & hope. A peace-loving soldier from Ancient China is magically transported into a world ruled by an evil nine-headed snake. Transformed into a panda, he joins forces with a flying pig to free the once-peaceful Merryland from tyranny. But first he must train to be the kingdom's most courageous panda warrior. The lives of a vedic scholar Pattabhiramagiri and his family come under threat after a godman and his goons try to displace him from his centuries-old ancestral home as part of building an ashram. The "curse" that befalls Pattabhiraman in the face of opposition leaves him broken, till a mysterious ally lends him his support. Their fight against the evil forces forms the rest of the plot. "A film about musicologists who can't dance, nonetheless dancing in, and (not) talking about, a landscape they cannot see, not because they are blind, but because they; like Neville Chamberlain - whose grimly baffling lack of insight they bring to mind: are entirely out of touch with both the ontology and epistemology of the harsh South African reality they waltz in and out of." An assassin is sent by his psychotic employer, to kill his ex-wife. In his quest to accomplish his task, he becomes familiar with his target, making his mission difficult. Now, he must face the consequences of his actions. On the eve of Independence, the chairman of the Border Commission, Sir Cyril Radcliffe decides to divide India and Pakistan into equitable halves. What the administration doesn't account for is the line running through the middle of Begum Jaan's brothel situated plonk on the border; with one half falling in India and the other in Pakistan. A rock star general bent on winning the "impossible" war in Afghanistan takes us inside the complex machinery of modern war. Inspired by the true story of General Stanley McChrystal. Nora Danish headlines the film as the lead actress in "Bencinta", which is actually derived from the words "benci" and "cinta" in Malay, translated to hate and love, respectively. The film tells the story of a newly wedded couple whose relationship sours when Faizal, the rich husband, begins having affairs and turns abusive. Trapped in the destructive marriage due to conservative societal values, Fathia runs away to Langkawi and takes refuge with her best friend. Before they realise it, the two fall in love, but Fathia first has to deal with her husband. Local skate-park hero Ned Venture, along with his multi-talented brothers and sister, gets thrown into the wildest, craziest, adventure of his life after accidentally finding a large stash of diamonds stolen by a wannabe gang of mobsters. The film follows the Tang Monk and his three disciples on their westbound pilgrimage, beating monsters and villains along the way. Set in 1990s Belfast, a woman is forced to betray all she believes in for the sake of her son. We are all equal before the law, but some are just more equal than others. A veteran soldier returns from his completed tour of duty in Iraq, only to find his life turned upside down when he is arbitrarily ordered to return to field duty by the Army. In an attempt to free their jailed terrorist boss, Aslam, a group of terrorists plants a bomb on a flyover in Hyderabad. Their idea is to cause a traffic jam on the flyover and blackmail the government into releasing Aslam.  Krishna is an average young man who goes out to withdraw money from an ATM.  Unfortunately, he along with Nithya Menen and many others get caught in the traffic jam on the same flyover. What happens next? Watch to find out Cholai is a black comedy based on the 2011 hooch fatalities in Bengal, India. Country liquor, commonly known as 'Cholai' is a flourishing business in rural Bengal It is cheap and highly addictive. A sudden turn of events is triggered when a batch of Cholai gets toxic during the brewing process. Soon people who had consumed the Cholai start falling ill and the death toll rises to 172. Media turns the incident into a political drama. To pacify the outrage, the Government launches compensation for the family members of the victims. A gold-rush ensues following the announcement, everyone wants their share. Deaths due to other causes could be become 'entitled' for compensation if the right palms are greased with their share. The mourning soon transforms into greed and corruption. Marcus King, an old school gangster, a crime lord, has left behind old school crime. He has manoeuvred his business into the leafy lanes of the suburbs and now, in place of pimps and dealers, his team consists of the best graduate geeks that money can bribe. No brothels, no casinos and no drugs - he's dragged serious, organised crime well and truly into the twenty-first century. From credit card cloning and skimming to Internet spamming and scamming, he is the king of Cyber Land. Movie version of the Shinsengumi Crisis arc (episodes 101-105) and the Kabukicho Four Devas arc (episodes 210-214) which were screened in selected theaters in Japan. A smuggler facing the realization of the dangers of his profession after a friend is killed decides it's time to quit. With help from a childhood friend, he creates a plan to finish his last job. The local drug lord he works for, however, decides that he hasn't quite accepted the smuggler's resignation. Due to a fateful occurrence, Yue Wuyi leaves home. He meets revered master Xie Yi, who imparts to him the magical arts of Yan, and thus begins his journey of cultivation. Along the way he meets Wen Renyu, Xia Yize, Ah Ruan and company. They discover the schemes and conspiracies of Shen Ye, the grand priest of Liu Yue City. The group of adventurers undergoes dangers to defeat Shen Ye, and prevent a disaster from befalling the world. A group of friends spend a weekend in a remote mountain cabin and discover something that will change their lives. Now they must fight to stay alive. When the world fell into chaos from an unknown bacteria, some safe zones began taking advantage of the less fortunate for their own gains. With resources dwindling and insurrectionists ... After chasing the mysterious Kamen Rider Dark Ghost, who had suddenly appeared, Takeru Tenkuji arrives at a strange village full of historical figures. Attempting to gather 100 Eyecons, Alain's dead brother Argos - Kamen Rider Dark Ghost - wishes to create the Ultimate Eyecon and turn everyone on Earth into ghosts. Meanwhile, Makoto's father Daigo Fukami is seen in the village. Transforming into Kamen Rider Zero Specter, is Daigo an ally or an enemy? A group of aliens from another planet head for Earth with the intentions of conquering it. Their first ship is destroyed in transit by the giant flying turtle Gamera. A second ship makes it to Earth and captures two Boy Scouts and holds them captive so that Gamera will not attack them. The aliens then implant a remote control device into the monster's neck and use the great turtle to attack Tokyo. Jane and her brother Elton find themselves under the control of a well known hit-man (Bo) who has been ordered by their father (an established crime lord) to make them cool. But the road to becoming cool is full of obstacles. Jackie Chan stars as a hardened special forces agent who fights to protect a young woman from a sinister criminal gang. At the same time, he feels a special connection to the young woman, like they met in a different life. In a desolate war zone where screams of the innocent echo, on the very line between disaster and valor, 7 Maroon Berets will dance with death. Adam (Martin Wallstrom) and his old school friends Per(Anders Lindahl) & Sara (Lisa Linnertorp) pass the time in Pers bar, in Stockholm, dissecting the painful memories of their high school years. The film is an action entertainer where G V Prakash will be seen in the role of an auto rickshaw driver named Johnny. Christmas 1944, The Germans make one final push against the attacking allied armies in the West. Lt. Robert Cappa and his platoon of 2nd Infantry Division soldiers have been ordered to hold a vital road junction against the German aggressors. Cappa and his men must find their faith and strength to stand against their enemy in the epic fight know as "The Battle of The Bulge." A New York film director, working on his latest movie in Los Angeles, begins to reflect the actions in his movie and real life, especially when he begins an affair with the lead actress. A Tokyo college student is attacked by a ghoul, a super-powered human who feeds on human flesh. He survives, but has become part ghoul and becomes a fugitive on the run. Two brothers (Toofan and Shyam) are separated at birth by their father, a police inspector. One grows up to be a magician, and the other, the legendary Toofan, hero of the poor. His father was falsely accused of stealing millions in gold and Toofan is on a mission to clear his father's name from the police records. Mr. Lin and Ms. Lin are the number one and number two in the field. They are neither friends nor enemies, but they ultimately join hands along with trusty assistant Le Qi as they track down an infamous thief who has stolen the 'Heavenly Emperor's Hand'. Unbeknownst to them, they become the common target in a manhunt by the European triads, the CIA and many other agencies. Chiich, an elderly Mayan lady, is the depository of great wisdom. Her granddaughter Yaakunah has inherited this knowledge. After healing a young girl in the village who suffered from cancer, she attracts the attention of international pharmaceutical companies. Raghu is an assistant to film director Ajwani and lusts behind women.His uncle Bahu Mama arranges his marriage to Phulwa a childish village girl who doesn't know the meaning of marriage and wants to get rid of her.Raghu comes across a sexy village belly Savita who wants to be an actress.He takes her advantage and exploits her promising role in films. Raghu takes Savita to Mumbai to work in films where she faces the true identify of glamour world where he is been exploited my many on pretext of work. Agent Coulson informs Agent Sitwell that the World Security Council wishes Emil Blonsky to be released from prison to join the Avengers Initiative. As Nick Fury doesn't want to release Blonsky, the two agents decide to send a patsy to sabotage the meeting... In a world where the zombie apocolypse is an unquestioned reality, truly righteous brothers tackle love, loss, and life lessons amid the backdrop of an epic spring break. The emperor of Satavahana kingdom, Satakarni comes across many challenges when he attempts to convince his wife that their son is bound to take part in battles and vanquish his enemies. Roper, a hostage negotiator catches a murderous bank robber after a blown heist. The bank robber escapes and immediately goes after the man who put him behind bars. Dum is a remake of Kannada movie Appu. Sathya is the son of a police constable. He gets into fights and ends up in jail where his own father gets him out of bail. While he was returing home from a party drunk, a group of college students beat him up. Thats when Rakshita comes and takes him to hospital and gives blood. She is the daughter of a police commissioner. Los Angeles, June 21st, 2028. While the streets are being torn apart by riots, the Nurse, who runs a clandestine hospital for criminals in the penthouse of the Artemis, a closed old hotel, has a rough night dealing with troublemaker clients: thieves, assassins, someone from the past and the one who owns the place and the whole city. Esma, Berk and Hasan are three people who try to escape the troubles of life with the help of a video game called Discovery. These three young people is sucked into the game in a mystical way. They find themselves in the battle of Gallipoli. When a low level mobster is nearly rubbed out by the boss, he decides to take the bonus he was promised by force, so he kidnaps the boss and demands a hefty ransom. During the warlords era in China, a village located in rural area called Pucheng fell into dangerous situation when its government allocated all its military force to the front line, the cruel commandant Cao from the enemy troops arrived the village and killed the innocent, the guardians of Pucheng were desperate to fight against Cao for justice and to protect their homeland. When his home of New Eden is destroyed by a revitalized Brotherhood and its new Vamp leader, Martin finds himself alone in the badlands of America with only the distant memory of his mentor and legendary vampire hunter, Mister, to guide him. A former smuggler attempts to start his life anew and repair his relationship with his estranged brother after his release from prison. When a terrorist who specializes in explosives takes hold of an underground tunnel, he threatens to kill hostages if his demands are not met. This film follows the remarkable and inspirational true story of Paul Potts, a shy, bullied shop assistant by day and an amateur opera singer by night. A story set in Indochina in 1959, a lawless land controlled by the criminal class: Vietnamese warlords and European war-criminals. Den-Dhin-Chan Labor Camp is run by four such dangerous men. The worst prison in the land, it is here that an Irish, former-champion boxer Martin Tillman has made a name for himself fighting tournaments, on which wealthy criminals gamble in high stakes events. When Tillman is due for release, he just wants to return home, but the corrupt forces running the jail will do everything in their power to keep him locked down. When all that Tillman holds dear is taken away in a vicious act of violence, he is forced to confront the men responsible and take his revenge.  The birth of a legend. A trio of soldiers vow revenge on their platoon when they are left behind enemy lines. When they come across a missing contingent in a Vietnamese village, alliances dissolve and each step forward will come with a price. A young gymnast battles a group of bank robbers at the home of her boyfriend.  On the night that Jasper Jones, the town's mixed race outcast shows him the dead body of young Laura Wishart, Charlie's life is changed forever. Entrusted with this secret and believing Jasper to be innocent, Charlie embarks on a dangerous journey to find the true killer. Set over the scorching summer holidays of 1965, Charlie defeats the local racists, faces the breakup of his parents and falls head over heels in love as he discovers what it means to be truly courageous. The world's top thieves join forces to pull off the heist of a lifetime. But when they find themselves pursued across Europe by a legendary French detective, they'll have to take their game to the next level. A retired hitman must reawaken all his deadly skills and fight a one-man war against his former employer. Alex, an up-and-coming TV journalist, returns to her hometown of Danford as local police attempt to cope with a series of brutal murders. The small town plunges into a state of panic and the murders--clearly the work of a monster, more beast than man--continue... until Alex comes face to face with the evil itself. A group of Chinese friends get into supernatural trouble in Thailand. Between 1993 and 1999, one man robbed 29 financial institutions in Budapest. Banks, post offices and even travel agencies fell victim to his crime spree. The police had no leads and no hope of finding him during his six-year stint. The only clue left behind at the crime scenes was the distinct aroma of whiskey. The media christened him the "Whiskey Bandit". Never physically harming anyone, many began to eagerly follow his escapades through the media. A Transylvanian immigrant, who also happened to be a goalie for one of the city's largest hockey teams, named Attila Ambrus, was finally identified as the "Whiskey Bandit". The police had finally captured him... or so they thought. Universal Century 0074. Since leaving Texas Colony, Edouard Mass has camouflaged his identity and enrolled in the Autonomous Republic of Zeon's Space Defense Military Academy under the name of Char Aznable. He develops a friendship with his classmate Garma, a scion of the Zabi family. Gradually the two become admired by the other students.  Then, in Universal Century 0077, the young at last rise up in arms and begin the fight for independence against the Earth Federation's security forces. This rebellion, however, also marks the beginning of Char's spectacular scenario of revenge...  Now, the gears of history are turning! Shankar, a coolie, comes in the way of the bad guys, Bulla and his cronies. They kill his father and sister. Shankar vows revenge and eliminates all of them in bizarre and gruesome fashion. Bored with Bollywood movies but fascinated with their Hollywood counterparts from his youth, Ram dreams to become a singer and actor in America, the country where dreams are made. He is encouraged when his American-based close friend, Vijay Rao, comes for visit, and brags about driving a Mercedes and living in a penthouse. When a professional thief sees his lifetime goal of being the best potentially realized in stealing a rare artifact, he finds himself entangled in a worldwide plot involving the Soviets, the Japanese and a band of outsiders.  It's up to him and a special agent to save the world! A police chief tries to solve a kidnapping that involves a bank robber holding a young boy hostage. A man consumed by vengeance realizes the futility of his quest. Overview Coming Soon... This Movie Is Story Of Dr. Jalal Soroush's Life. Single shot of the finish of a rowing race at Henley Regatta. In this Pokemon adventure, a mysterious force binds Ash to the Mythical Pokemon Volcanion when it falls from the sky. Volcanion can't get away, and Ash is dragged along as it continues on its mission. They arrive in a city of cogs and gears, where a corrupt minister has stolen the ultimate invention: the Artificial Pokemon Magearna, created 500 years ago. The minister plans to use Magearna's mysterious power to take control of the mechanical kingdom. Can Ash and Volcanion work together to rescue Magearna? One of the greatest battles in Pokemon history is about to unfold! An emotionally gripping family action drama about a mother who will do whatever it takes to save her family. A man's life changes after he unknowingly gets super powers and then embarks on a journey that helps him discover the true meaning of love, life, courage, sacrifice, and his role in the world.  Balaji Motion Pictures presents a Brat Films production 'Super Singh'- "Ikk Te Assi Singh, Utton Super' punjabi cinema's 1st superhero film. Directed by national award winning and blockbuster punjabi film director Anurag Singh (Jatt and Juliet 1 & 2 and Punjab 1984). A supernatural tale set on death row in a Southern prison, where gentle giant John Coffey possesses the mysterious power to heal people's ailments. When the cell block's head guard, Paul Edgecomb, recognizes Coffey's miraculous gift, he tries desperately to help stave off the condemned man's execution. The story will depict Joe Shimamura and the other cyborgs' struggle with the Bresudo, a group of people who possess superhuman powers and intellect, and have manipulated human history since ancient times. Their goals are unknown, and they cast a dark shadow over the world. Though few people believe in the Bresdo's existence, one American journalist named Lucie Davenport heads to Texas to contact a certain family, and she meets the cyborgs. The cyborgs themselves have been freed from their duty of protecting humanity ever since the establishment of the UN Guardian troops, and they now live quiet lives of peace. An escalating dispute with the Shadow Clan, a newcomer from the Surface, and all the usual thugs-Eli and the Shane Gang have their hands full from the moment they return home from the Eastern Caverns. A scientist invents a filter that can increase the power of a laser beam, turning it into a death ray! A dangerous crime organization wants the device and will stop at nothing to get it, while murder and violence follow Joe and Tom to Singapore as they try to foil the evil plans. A Young man fights for his lost bike with courage. Honest Gangster with his foolish brother who destroyed everything. This is a remake of Tamil movie Polladhavan aka.Ruthless Man (2007) While protecting the U.S. President, Secret Service agent Nick Sager helps him to dispose of the body of a young girl, who accidentally died during an adulterous encounter. Some time later, a few weeks before the elections, the disillusioned ex-agent is approached by his former partner. The President's former aide, and one of few people who knew about the cover-up, is found dead in mysterious circumstances. An Ideal fearless cop becomes a nightmare for law breakers.The film revolves around a fearless cop, ACP Ravindra Varma (Govinda) who lays down a unique plan to nab the local goons by putting up a play act. He calls his technique, Abhinay Chakra. Through the film, we see him con goons and corrupt politicians into accepting their crimes by indulging them in fake situations. The details of undercover police officers are deleted from a police database and a senior officer is left struggling to know who are the undercover officers and who are the criminals. Pakistan's first superhero film Project Ghazi project has been a hot topic in the entertainment industry of Pakistan ever since the project was announced last year. Humayun Saeed, Shehryar Munawar and Syra Shahroz will be seen in lead roles. Pietro Zinni is asked by the police to revive the old gang to create a task force that will stop the spread of smart drugs. Has been an year since Pietro Zinni's gang got caught in the Sopox production laboratory and each of them locked up in different jails. From Regina Coeli jail, Pietro keep warning the authorities a fool syntetized nerve gas and he is ready to make a killing, but no one takes him seriously. An alien creature stalks human prey. A rapper finds himself possessed by the soul of a dead fashion designer; frequently switching personalities. This is the story of a strong man who was looking forward to earning a decent living in a crazy city. But unfortunately, some events force him to turn into a powerful don of the very city. Documentary about the punk began in Rio de Janeiro, the first punk band: Coquetel Molotov.  The band Coquetel Molotov came in 1981 in Rio de Janeiro, in the suburbs, in the neighborhood of Meier, most of the members were students and skaters the Campo Grande rink and Tatu and Lucio Flavio as members, some time later, both conquer the national and international championships skate. Two other components were Cesar and Omar Nine.  The Brazil was at that time a critical political situation and undefined, with many social changes; Punk came as a cry for freedom among young people with no future prospects, the periphery, the suburbs, the megalopolis, against a crushing system with huge social differences, the motto of the youth of that time was the "Do It Yourself". In 2007, in the midst of the drought and water shortages, the NSW State government has unveiled plans to tap into and recycle millions of litres of water trapped in a network of abandoned train tunnels just beneath the heart of Sydney. However the government suddenly goes cold on the plan and it is not made public why. There is talk of homeless people who use the tunnel as shelter going missing, even though the government states that there are no homeless people in there. This, and the silence from the officials and ministers, leads a journalist, Natasha to begin an investigation into a government cover-up. She and her crew Pete (Producer), Steve (Cameraman) and Tangles (Sound Technichian) decide to investigate the story in the tunnel. No description. The story deals with the ego between a jailor(cop) and the prisoner who is subjected to death. An ex-gangster who after being released from prison attempts to get on the straight and narrow. When that doesn't work out, he is pulled back into crime, building his empire as a kingpin, only to have it taken away as fast as he gained it.  Somewhere in Tokyo, there is a room. In that room is a black sphere. Periodically, people who should otherwise have died are transferred to the room. There, the sphere gives them special suits and weapons, and sends them out on a mission to kill aliens here on Earth. While these missions take place, the rest of the world is largely oblivious to them. These missions are lethal - few participants survive them. The sphere calls the shots, and it's not the slightest bit nice. Its name... Gantz. A young Aji Mathew is a communist who goes the whole nine yards for the ideologies he believes in. When the girl he loves leaves to the US out of the blue and her parents fix her wedding, Aji is left with just a fortnight to reach the country albeit with no passport or visa. How far he is willing to go for love forms the plot. Crazy Bangladeshian movie containing kung-fu, vampires, awesome dance choreography, and much more... When a lifeguard catches wind of a dangerous anomaly off the coast of San Diego, she commissions a band of unlikely heroes to assist her on a suicide mission to save the west coast from total destruction. The King has sent his best Knights to defeat the Dragon besieging his castle. Along their epic adventure they encounter malicious sirens, warrior women on a mission of revenge and an unstoppable army of the undead. With her dream of pursuing a professional dance career shattered, Nizzy, an upscale British Pakistani, must now fight the odds to keep it alive in a society she never wanted to be a part of. A gangster controls the Punjab state in India. He grows his popularity with his crimes like rape, murders etc. Two boys stop him and burn him alive with fire. Toronto-based documentary filmmaker and cinematographer Nicholas de Pencier (Four Wings and a Prayer, Watermark) examines the complex global impact that the internet has had on matters of free speech, privacy and activism. A special forces team is sent to snuff out a drug den, but find themselves trapped inside it after being set-up and betrayed. A young man sets out to uncover the truth about his life after finding his baby photo on a missing persons website. A group of five women go camping in the woods to celebrate a friend's birthday over 4/20 weekend. But when they cross the turf of an illegal marijuana grow operation they must struggle to survive the living nightmare. It is a Some Message movie to watch all Age Groups. Under the oppressive Japanese colonial rule, Deok-hye, the last Princess of the declining Joseon Dynasty, is forced to move to Japan. She spends her days missing home, while struggling to maintain dignity as a princess. After a series of failed tries, Deok-hye makes her final attempt to return home with help of her childhood sweetheart, Jang-han. The life and struggles of a notorious rock musician seeping into a pit of loneliness whose everyday life involves friends and family seeking financial aid and favors, inspired by rock music legend Kurt Cobain and his final hours. Journey inside White House history to unveil fascinating truths behind secrets known only to the President. During a family visit, a devout man tells his grandson about significant events from the history of Sikhs in India. ACP Krishna strives to capture the gangsters who threaten to attack his lover and her family members. Following the lead up to one of the biggest robberies of the century, Hatton Garden The Heist watches the journey of Brian Reader, John Collins, Terry Perkins, Daniel Jones and the mysterious Basil throughout the audacious heist. In postwar Hong Kong, legendary Wing Chun grandmaster Ip Man is reluctantly called into action once more, when what begin as simple challenges from rival kung fu styles soon draw him into the dark and dangerous underworld of the Triads. Now, to defend life and honor, he has no choice but to fight one last time... India's most wanted Black Money agent, Vicky Chaddha, gets arrested in Malaysia and is kept in a safe house by the Malaysian authorities, along with his wife. A team of four is being sent to Malaysia to bring them to India. Apart from the growth of inter-personal relationships, the mission has quite a few twists and turns on its way. The story follows Karan as he uses his brain and brawn to recover all of the laundered black money. When a group of Indian and Pakistani nurses are held hostage in Iraq by the militant Abu Usman, Indian Intelligence (RAW) track down the reclusive agent, Tiger, 8 years after he fled with former Pakistani intelligence (ISI) agent, Zoya. Joining forces in the name of humanity, Tiger and Zoya lead a team of RAW and ISI agents to covertly enter the hospital where the nurses are trapped.  Iron is the son of a rebel leader, but prefers to spend his days gambling and getting into fights. When his father's group is arrested and executed, Iron is forced to flee and hide in the woods as a beggar and thief. After being taken in by a Shaolin monastery and trained in the art of Monkey-Style Kung Fu, Iron vows to hunt down his father's killer and avenge his death. Written by Jean-Marc Rocher A criminal group wants to stop a courier that has damning evidence against them from reaching the hands of an activist, but they underestimate the young man who has to deliver the package Each night the only border crossing between India and Pakistan on a 1000km stretch becomes the sight of an extraordinary event. Thousands of people gather to witness the ritual closing of the border, after which the masses get as close as possible to the gate to greet their former neighbors. This "festival" is therefore on the one hand a celebration of the partition, but on the other hand also the only connecting element. What do the terms separation, home and proximity mean to the people on both sides? Chandu is a petty thief who comes across Satya, an innocent girl who unwittingly comes across a way to a huge amount of money stolen from a bank. While the gang that robbed the bank go after her for the clue, one member dies in her apartment and she believes she's the one that killed him. Every one including the original gang that robbed the bank, the police and now Chandu and Satya go after the money. A young Japanese actress remembers her war childhood in Korea. Her father goes to fight, her baby sister Miko dies of typhoid, her beloved Korean maid Ohana is fired due to a mistake which could cost Chiko her life... By and by Chiko realizes that the country is being ruled by the Japanese and the Koreans are persecuted. When the war ends, the Koreans chase the Japanese rule and the roles change. Now Chiko's family is unwanted. But then the Russians come and this is the end. They have to burn all the pictures to avoid all suspicions... even Miko's picture. But when the Russians come to their house, they decide to flee over the 38th Parallel towards freedom. A group of men, women, children struggles along the mountains, led by the light of the Northern Star. Along the way they meet a Korean man, who is willing to help them to escape the Russian soldiers although his family was killed by the Japanese. A young carrom player in North Chennai becomes a reluctant participant in a war between two warring gangsters. During the Japanese colonial era, roughly 400 Korean people, who were forced onto Battleship Island ('Hashima Island') to mine for coal, attempt to escape. After the British company's officer Clive takes over the kingdom of Mirza, Princess Zafira and Khudabaksh aka Azaad form a band of rebel pirates who swear to defeat the English officer and win their freedom back. The British Company in return, hire the wily thug Firangi track Azaad's gang and thwart his plans. Adam West and Burt Ward returns to their iconic roles of Batman and Robin. Featuring the voices of Adam West, Burt Ward, and Julie Newmar, the film sees the superheroes going up against classic villains like The Joker, The Riddler, The Penguin and Catwoman, both in Gotham City... and in space. The Truth can hurt sometimes...but not even death can keep a secret. Pendechos is Mike Siegel's love letter to one of his earliest influences - Robert Rodriguez's EL MARIACHI. The story of this action-packed road movie centers around to unequal brothers, a suitcase with stolen documents, the local mob and a bunch of weird characters they meet along the road. Welcome to the world of German no-budget film-making! Tough guy Thomas Beckett is an US soldier working in the Panamanian jungle. His job is to seek out rebels and remove them using his sniper skills. Beckett is notorious for losing his partners on such missions. This time he's accompanied by crack marksman Richard Miller. High school student Ichigo Kurosaki lives an ordinary life, besides being able to see ghosts and the blurry memories of his mother death under strange circumstances when he was a kid. His peaceful world suddenly breaks as he meets Rukia Kuchiki, a God of Death. In the year 2048, the human race is forced to leave Earth after decades of losing against Godzilla and other giant monsters. They take a twenty-year journey to another planet called Tau Ceti-e, but upon arrival, they discover that the planet has become uninhabitable. As living conditions on their ship deteriorate, a young man named Haruo spearheads a movement to return to Earth and take it back from the monsters. The ship successfully makes the return voyage, but the crew realizes that twenty thousand years have passed, with Earth's ecosystem having evolved to become centered around Godzilla. Kaashmora, a present era black magic specialist; Rajnayak, an ancient era warlord and Ratnamahadevi is his queen. How these three are connected? What are the issues that arise? Three years later Michele (The Invisible boy) meets his mother and his twin sister. Both have stories and superpowers but their intentions may not be what Michele thinks. Kanha is a 2016 Marathi film written by Sachin Dharekar and directed by Avadhoot Gupte Unemployed and branded a trouble-maker, Jaikishan lives a poor lifestyle in a slum-area called Asha Colony, very near Andher's Lokhandwala Complex along with his sister, Seema; mom and dad. He comes to the rescue of a homeless orphan, Mili, who suffers from a deep inferiority complex, and permits her to live with his family. Brutally outspoken, he believes that India should be awarded unlimited gold medals for corruption at all levels, fully aware that these beliefs portray him as a 'revolutionary', and prevent him from securing any gainful employment. His life will be turned upside down when he refuses to go along with the plans of the Khan family - consisting of builder, Majid; his goon brother, Farid, and their seemingly benevolent father, Jahangir. His family will also be traumatized after the Police arrest him for the alleged broad-daylight murder of Farid. Love never sounded so good, until Corey must decide between two love interests and whether he wants to give up the joys of the single life. A re-imagining of the Arthurian legend centered around Arthur's illegitimate son Owain who must learn to take up his father's mantle as king. A hitman in hiding struggles to keep his monsters at bay when his dark past comes calling. Some days your LUCK just goes BLACK. Red Sonja, the She-Devil with a Sword, intends to pay back a blood debt owed to the one man who has gained her respect, even if it means leading a doomed army to their certain deaths! Who is Dark Annisia, and how has this fearsome warrior accomplished what neither god nor demon has been able to do: force Sonja to her knees in surrender? An epic tale of blood, lust, and vengeance, "Queen of Plagues" takes Red Sonja from the depths of her own grave to the heights of battlefield glory.  From Gail Simone ("Batgirl", "Birds of Prey") and Walter Geovani ("Vampirella", "Witchblade"), "Red Sonja: Queen of Plagues" gives the iconic fantasy heroine a fresh new attitude! And now, you can see it all brought to life in this animated comic, starring Misty Lee ("Ultimate Spider-Man")! The young swordsman (Nicholas Tse) only for the completion of the master's last wish before his death - to find ancient Central Plains nine left enduring famous sword, from the north to the Central Plains Penglai. Prior to submission of the court already Martial Shandong, Qingping swordsman and white space Using young swordsman contest Cheat Death, became buried in the court martial of the Black Hand From the UFC Octagon in Las Vegas and the anthropology lab at Dartmouth, to a strongman gym in Berlin and the bushlands of Zimbabwe, the world is introduced to elite athletes, special ops soldiers, visionary scientists, cultural icons, and everyday heroes--each on a mission to create a seismic shift in the way we eat and live. A group of people try to survive an attack of bloodthirsty zombies while trapped in a rural Pennsylvania farmhouse. An American soldier who had been killed during the Vietnam War is revived 25 years later by the military as a semi-android, UniSols, a high-tech soldier of the future. After the failure of the initiative to erase all the soldier's memories, he begins to experience flashbacks that are forcing him to recall his past. A young gymnast battles a group of bank robbers at the home of her boyfriend. A businessman who is trying hard to be a good father to his daughter has a run-in with malevolent policeman. "Senario Asam Garam" starts with the incident where Asam (Mazlan Pet-Pet) and his assistant Garam (Zaibo) try to sabotage the kiosk owned by Cik Hawa (Julia Hana) and the office of Pak Adam (Azlee Senario) but their efforts always fail due to their stupidity. Asam and Garam dislike Pak Adam because both parties are in the construction business. Moreover, Pak Adam is an honest contractor unlike Asam and Garam. The news of a tender for the extension of the school in the village adds tension between Pak Adam and Asam and Garam, which forces Asam and Garam to try any means possible to sabotage Pak Adam's bid for the project. When a barrage of meteors hurtles through the atmosphere straight for Mayor Anna McPherson's town, Anna must lead the desperate fight to save the town and her family from the flaming balls of destruction shooting down from the sky. Aditya and Anjali are a couple who are in love with each other. However, due to certain problems, they break up and Aditya calls for a breakup party with his friends. During the party, a crazy incident occurs that changes the course of Aditya's life. The rest of the story is how Aditya manages to come out of this crazy situation and gets his life back on track. Two detectives investigate a string of horrific murders in Seoul and zero in on a sadistic gang leader who carries an actual ball and chain. The Justified Ancients of Mu Mu, King Boy D and Rockman Rock, try to find and gain access to the mystical White Room. They leave a party at their house and drive in their 1968 US Cop Car through night-time London and the dusty plains of the Sierra Nevada region of Spain. There they face judgement: will they be allowed to enter the White Room? Meanwhile their lawyer David Franks tries to find a loophole to free them from their contract with Eternity. Bored with Bollywood movies but fascinated with their Hollywood counterparts from his youth, Ram dreams to become a singer and actor in America, the country where dreams are made. He is encouraged when his American-based close friend, Vijay Rao, comes for visit, and brags about driving a Mercedes and living in a penthouse. The student politics in a government college has for long revolved around the students' organisation KSQ. Subhash and Paul attempts to change the political scenario by launching a new movement called SFY based on their ideologies. Young girl Masha accidentally discovers the organization of snow and ice mages fighting the global devil under the leadership of Santa Claus. A battle-scarred War on Terror bounty hunter is forced to go to London on a manhunt for a disavowed CIA operative, which leads him into a deadly running battle with a former military comrade and his private army. Maggie becomes a strong and ruthless member of the all-female Dark Moon gang led by the merciless Trigga, and the all-female motorcycle gang look after each other as they patrol the streets in the small town. When a D.E.A. and S.W.A.T. cartel takedown ends in a shootout, S.W.A.T. Agent Travis Hall seizes a mysterious prisoner taking him into custody. Before long, the S.W.A.T. compound is under siege by wave-after-wave of assault teams attempting to recover the prisoner known as "The Scorpion" for the tattoo blazed across his back. When Travis discovers that his prisoner is a Secret Ops double agent planted within the cartel, it's up to him and his expert S.W.A.T. team to keep "The Scorpion" and his billion dollar secrets safe. Every day in the United States, law enforcement agencies at the local, state, and federal levels--including the FBI and DEA--use investigative resources to target the supply side in the war against drugs. But, even with numerous law enforcement successes in this area, the demand for drugs continues. And, one of the more worrisome trends is a growing epidemic of prescription opiate and heroin abuse, especially among young people. Yan Jian, a young Chinese IT engineer who volunteers to go to North Africa and help the company he works for to win a competition. The winner can own the right to control the communication between south and north. French spy Michael works for the West. His boss ordered him to go to the North Africa and win the competition, and they can control the great mineral resources of Africa. He hired the best mercenary in Africa whose name is Lauder and a former general Kabbah to help him. Yan has discovered their conspiracy, he is the only one who can stop them. Red Ninja the Sister Hood 2016 Movie A young boy finds a powerful otherworldly weapon, which he uses to save his older adoptive brother from a crew of thugs. Before long, the two of them are also pursued by federal agents and mysterious mercenaries aiming to reclaim their asset. On his deathbed, the reigning king bestows power to an unexpected heir who must find strength within himself to unite his people against the violent crusades which threaten their freedom. A group of strangers come across a man dying after a car crash who proceeds to tell them about the $350,000 he buried in California. What follows is the madcap adventures of those strangers as each attempts to claim the prize for himself. A shaman from the South American rain forest visits France for a public relations campaign. In a hotel's elevator in Paris he meets a French good-for-nothing named Perrin he's fascinated with. He follows Perrin to his flat and although Perrin is not very enthusiastic about so much interest in his person, he lets the shaman spend the night in his flat. After an official meeting on the next day being part of the PR campaign the shaman suffers from a heart attack. Hardly being able to speak and laying in a hospital bed he demands to see Perrin. The latter is not very interested in meeting the shaman again. However it looks like it is to late for animosities as the shaman and Perrin seem to be tied mentally somehow since they've met in the elevator. An upbeat comedy about three boys that escape from Soviet Estonia to Sweden via Finland in the 1980s to fulfill their dreams in the free world. Dhruva Naksthram is a 1989 Telugu film directed by Y Nageswara Rao. The film stars Venkatesh, Shalini, Brahmanandam and Mohan Babu in lead roles. The protagonist, a TV reporter fights to stop illegal activities around the city.  Virginia is proud that she belongs to a clique. The best students at a private school. But before her 18th birthday, a grueling set of murders take place and her friends are the ones who are falling prey. Could it be her? She suffers from blackouts due to a freak accident one year earlier. We soon learn the truth behind her accident and what is going on... Huseyin is a young man who lives with his grandfather and grandmother in a village in Thracian Turkey. The two great loves of his life are his clarinet and Mujgan, a nurse. Although Huseyin is content with his life, with his music and dreams of Mugan, due to an unexpected development he leaves his village. He ends up in Istanbul where he finds support first in his clarinet and then in the friendship of the singer Firuzan. Firuzan is a popular nightclub performer who is eagerly working on an album as she leads a colorful but complicated life. When Firuzan meets Huseyin, the course of events gives away to a hilarious adventure. A group of warehouse employees are scammed and charged with theft. Now they have to flee as they devise a plan to reveal the truth. A woman down on her luck stumbles into a bar run my a local meth dealer and finds herself accepting an offer that will change her life for the worse.  Josie Laurene is a spy who months ago made a terrible mistake when she let international secrets slip through her fingers. Now, she's on a mission to get them back. Villagers are afraid of Samurai Rauni Reposaarelainen, who keeps them on their toes every day. When someone places a bounty on Rauni's head, he goes after this mysterious person. A mild-mannered doctor is trained in the art of ass-kicking commando vengeance by a no-nonsense ghetto kid named Wesley Snipes. Chinese narco-cops take their mission to the Golden Triangle following the Mekong River massacre of innocent fishermen by the region's drug lord. Two lovers fall into a passionate love affair in the underworld. Centered on the character of Goemon, this film is a sequel to the spin-off TV series, "The Woman Called Fujiko Mine" and its sequel film, "Daisuke Jigen's Gravestone." A convict who plans to escape the country unexpectedly switches his place with a good Samaritan who fights for the rights of poor farmers. Ever since US Diplomatic Security Service Agent Hobbs and lawless outcast Shaw first faced off, they just have swapped smacks and bad words. But when cyber-genetically enhanced anarchist Brixton's ruthless actions threaten the future of humanity, both join forces to defeat him. (A spin-off of "The Fate of the Furious," focusing on Johnson's Luke Hobbs and Statham's Deckard Shaw.) When a young boy named Jake accidentally makes a new friend in an experiment gone wrong a troubled town is plunged into chaos. But with the creature rapidly evolving every day, Jake finds it increasingly difficult to keep his new pet secret. Jake's friends and new girl Abbie realize they are not the only ones interested in this strange, mischievous little dinosaur and soon discover that the only thing more mysterious than what it is, is who is looking for it. A bigwig in a village in found lying in a pool of blood. Can his Man Friday find out who among his numerous enemies committed the crime? Jailor Lankeshwar houses some of his hit-men as prisoners and uses them to commit criminal activities only to return and be safe in his jail. This gets notice by ACP Amar Agnihotri; who with his recommendation Arjun Singh a police inspector is made to act as a prisoner in Lankeshwar's jail. Arjun's duty is to monitor if at all there are any criminal activities going on in the jail; soon Arjun will find himself trapped as no one are who they claim they are. Based partially on the story of Bonnie and Clyde, Eddie Taylor is an ex-convict who cannot get a break after being released from prison. When he is framed for murder, Taylor is forced to flee with his wife Joan Graham and baby. While escaping prison after being sentenced to death, Taylor becomes a real murderer, condemning himself and Joan to a life of crime and death on the road. Nobody knows where they came from. They parasitize in human beings, take control of them and change their bodies into hideous monsters (Necro-borg). The Necro-borg fight each other until the other dies. Where did they come from? To what end? Yuji and Kaoru, whom both have dark secrets within themselves, get caught up in the horrific battles of Necro-borg. What will their fate be? In the dusty streets of Crow's Landing, outlaws, wealthy plantation owners, runaway slaves, a half Cherokee girl, a pair of brothel owners and a woman days away from giving birth all end up in a bloody shoot out and running for their lives. Grasp the Nettle follows the exploits of a ragtag band of land rights activists in London as they struggle against corporations, government, police - and themselves - in their efforts to create alternative communities outside the framework of consumer society. When an eco-village pops up on a piece of disused land in West London , film-maker Dean Puckett (The Crisis of Civilization) gives up everything - his flat, job and normal life - to live among its eclectic inhabitants in an effort to understand what makes them tick. A mere decade after the Heptigalaxial Cosmic Eternity War, the Kingdom of the Seven Galaxies is once again on the precipice of oblivion. The evil Zargantian prince Adorastius has escaped his icy incarceration and threatens all known existence with the most fantastical yet calamitous power imaginable. Cal Weaver is living the American dream. He has a good job, a beautiful house, great children and a beautiful wife, named Emily. Cal's seemingly perfect life unravels, however, when he learns that Emily has been unfaithful and wants a divorce. Over 40 and suddenly single, Cal is adrift in the fickle world of dating. Enter, Jacob Palmer, a self-styled player who takes Cal under his wing and teaches him how to be a hit with the ladies. Recovery Agent Babji (Aadi) came across a girl, named Kavya (Namitha Pramod) and helped her. He came to know that she was in danger from her family. Babji saves her. Unfortunately Kavya's brother (Abhimanyu Singh) misunderstood that Babji was behind this and starts chasing the couple.  Babji takes Kavya with him to his village and introduces her as his best friend. As time passes Kavya falls in love with Babji, but at the end both Kavya's family and another gang attacks Babji and his family. The rest of the story shows how Babji handles the issue, solves his problems and ends up marrying Kavya. A remake of a funny quack doctor who was originally portrayed by the late comedian Chiquito in 1979. Its a story of the quack doctor's son and his adventures with the magical bandana. Two brothers, experts in martial arts, have to separate their paths due to a fight in which one of them is badly wounded. Years later they are reunited in a world where organized crime controls everything. Jesse 01776 and Sonja 01984 team up in rebellion against the self-proclaimed Boss of America and his soulless goons and thugs, embarking on a bloodthirsty adventure of romance and revenge. Notorious gangster, Pat Tate, rises through the ranks of Essex's criminal underworld. A prequel to the 'Rise of the Footsoldier' franchise. A white corporate executive is surprised to discover that he has a black teen-age son who can't wait to be adopted into the, almost-exclusively-white community of, San Marino, California. A young woman awakens in a world devastated by meteorite strike, yet she recalls her own death 70 years ago. Searching for answers she finds plague, destruction, madness and a terrifying adversary, who confronts her with a long forgotten memory and a impossible choice. A rich and powerful family looking for an fake heir. They selected an orphan to play the role. And this family has a violent dispute with another rival family. Now everything of this family is depending on the orphan. Three officers of the Indian National Army are on trial for treason. An ailing lawyer must help them face the consequence of their courage. Dora, a girl who has spent most of her life exploring the jungle with her parents, now must navigate her most dangerous adventure yet: high school. Always the explorer, Dora quickly finds herself leading Boots (her best friend, a monkey), Diego, and a rag tag group of teens on an adventure to save her parents and solve the impossible mystery behind a lost Inca civilization. Having failed to get into the police force, Margarete takes up training as a security guard. One night she runs into a sexually agressive ex-colleague who insists on hailing a taxi to take her home to his place. Enter Tiger: short brown hair, a tough girl and a fighter, the cab driver. Realising that the situation is far from consensual, Tiger speeds off with Margarete, leaving her companion standing in the street. It won't be the last time she rushes to Margarete's aid. Tiger lives in an attic flat with two men. She knows how to wield a baseball bat. Stealing a uniform from security and renaming Margarete 'Vanilla', she begins to steer her life in a completely different direction. Three college students, Phil, Ed, and Henry take a road trip into Mexico for a week of drinking and carefree fun only to have Phil find himself a captive of a group of satanic Mexican drug smugglers who kill tourists and whom are looking for a group of new ones to prepare for a sacrifice. Looks at the storyline of the God of War series. Interviews with the producers, creators, and scholars of ancient Greek mythology talk at length about themes behind God of War and their meaning. Hardened criminal Maggie Hayward's consistent violence, even in police custody, ends in the execution chamber. However, top-secret US government agent 'Bob' arranges a staged death, so Maggie can be elaborately trained as a phantom killer and subdued into obedience. She gets a new cover identity as saleswoman Claudia Anne Doran. She also gets a wonderful house-mate, building super J.P., a broad-minded, gentle photographer. The two fall in love, and that complicates hit jobs. His good influence extends to breeding in her a conscience that places love over business, unlike Bob's agency. After returning from a wedding reception, a couple staying in an isolated vacation house receive a knock on the door in the mid-hours of the night. What ensues is a violent invasion by three strangers, their faces hidden behind masks. The couple find themselves in a violent struggle, in which they go beyond what either of them thought capable in order to survive. A legion of demons have been unleashed creating an apocalyptic America. Pike leads a group of survivors fighting demonically possessed corpses through the wasteland trying to make it to Jawbone, while The Magistrate is creating an army of cannibal corpses to serve him. What will be required of Pike to defeat this legion? It all started in Jawbone and it will all end in Jawbone."   The reinvigorated elderly group that left Earth comes back to visit their relatives. Will they all decide to go back to the planet where no one grows old, or will they be tempted to remain on Earth? Raj Mittal and his wife Sapna reside in Dubai, where Raj works for a British firm. To make money, he works day and night, leaving Sapna alone. Sapna then embarks on an extramarital affair with a stranger, leading to emotional turmoil and eventually, murder. A slick private eye (Duane Martin) set out to investigate the death of a young rapper, only to find himself knee-deep in drugs, guns, and double crosses. Vivica A. Fox and real-life rappers Jadakiss and Sticky Fingaz co-star. Deputy Officer of the United Nations Alliance, Simon Marcus, who aims to conquer the world with the terrorist organization Downfall along with the mad scientist Keiji Uraga, attack the Kamen Riders with overwhelming strength. It is only on Kamen Rider Grease that the enemy's abilities did not work. In order to defeat this new enemy and rescue Misora, Kazumi Sawatari must create a new item ... but it is told that it requires the  life of his friends, the Three Crows. The ultimate decision must be made. Kengo was gifted in Kendo (Japanese martial art) but he quits after a tragic incident. He works as a security guard and spends his days drinking. One day, he encounters a high school student Toru, who has a natural ability in Kendo. Toru revives the spirit of the sport in Kengo and he resumes practice again. Charged with 2400 volts of electricity, Eduardo Garcia lost an arm, ribs, muscle mass and nearly his life, but more important than what he lost is what he found. Morioh, 1999--a normally quiet and peaceful town has recently become a hotbed of strange activity. Joutarou Kuujou, now a marine biologist, heads to the mysterious town to meet Jousuke Higashikata. While the two may seem like strangers at first, Jousuke is actually the illegitimate child of Joutarou's grandfather, Joseph Joestar. When they meet, Joutarou realizes that he may have more in common with Jousuke than just a blood relation.  Along with the mild-mannered Kouichi Hirose and the boisterous Okuyasu Nijimura, the group dedicates themselves to investigating recent disappearances and other suspicious occurrences within Morioh. Aided by the power of Stands, the four men will encounter danger at every street corner, as it is up to them to unravel the town's secrets, before another occurs. Based on the German TV series "Der letzte Bulle." At Beach, Anjali whips out a knife and kills a police officer saying that she has been waiting for this moment for many years. Aadhi  who lives with his foster parents  in New Delhi. He takes up a course in Chennai against his foster parents' wishes, while he is actually on mission to eliminate the people behind the murder of his blood family. Anjali studying in the same college has her own agenda to seek revenge on her parents' killers, assisted by her uncle . Aadhi falls in love with Anjali, as she brings back memories of his childhood sweetheart and cousin who loved to dance in the rain.It is revealed that Anjali and Aadhi were from the same family. Aadhi's father was an honest cop who arrested one of the henchmen of a local gangster, RDX . RDX pays Aadhi's father a visit with some of his henchmen and the police officer and murders whole extended family. Anjali, her uncle and Aadhi survived the blast that annihilated their family. &amp; they combine forces to get revenge on RDX. After sparing a girl's life during a massacre, an elite Triad assassin is targeted by an onslaught of murderous gangsters. A marksman living in exile is coaxed back into action after learning of a plot to kill the president. Ultimately double-crossed and framed for the attempt, he goes on the run to track the real killer and find out who exactly set him up, and why?? An expert dancer Munna who idolizes the king of pop, reluctantly tutors a gangster until their developing bond gets disrupted by their common romantic interest towards the same woman. A famous and successful TV prankster finds himself the victim of the ultimate prank when he is set up for a murder he did not commit. Every Wednesday, alcoholic CEO, Shilo and her long suffering PA, Teddy meet to conduct matters of business. But on this particular evening, secrets will be uncovered, old wounds will be reopened and their unique co-dependency will come under scrutiny. Chinna Dada is a Malayalam movie. The movie is directed by Raju Champakara and featured Riyaz Khan, Jayan Cherthala and Ganga T. Krishnan as lead characters. Other popular actors who were roped in for Chinna Dada are Kalabhavan Shajon, Jinu Aanikkad, N. Gopalakrishnan and Nazeer Samkranthi. A young man haunted by his actions in the past gets caught in the rivalry between two gangsters. Veera Sivaji is an upcoming Tamil action film directed by Ganesh Vinayak, starring Vikram Prabhu and Shamili in the leading roles. The film began production during July 2015 and will release in 2016. In the 21st Century, the "Corporation" sends a spaceship to dispose of earth's severe nuclear waste to a distant region in the cosmos. The astronauts awaken from their "cryo-sleep" to truly cry over finding themselves marooned... their fuel is not sufficient to bring them back home. The shuttle craft on board that can accommodate no more than two passengers presents the only hope, and soon a "Treasure of the Sierra Madre" type of distrust and betrayal sets in, until one by one, only one sole survivor remains. A young man who stands for the right discovers that he's destined to do bigger things, which will transform him from a common man into a Superhero. Once thought lost, but recently found and restored by Anthology Film Archives, artist/philosopher Manuel De Landa's Super 8 Ism Ism captures his truly inspired collage mutations of New York City subway ads during the mid-to-late 70s. Slicing and dicing the perfect faces of models into deviant ghouls, Ism Ism turns the homogenate into the ripening rot of nightmares. Asher is a former Mossad agent turned gun for hire, living an austere life in an ever-changing Brooklyn. Approaching the end of his career, he breaks the oath he took as a young man when he meets Sophie on a hit gone wrong. In order to have love in his life before it's too late, he must kill the man he was, for a chance at becoming the man he wants to be. South Korea, present. A pregnant woman sees news on TV about a serial killer who is scalping women. When her husband arrives home and locks himself in his study under the guise of work, she becomes suspicious. And then she discovers a bloody hairpin... To push the crime rate below one percent for the rest of the year, the New Founding Fathers of America test a sociological theory that vents aggression for one night in one isolated community. But when the violence of oppressors meets the rage of the others, the contagion will explode from the trial-city borders and spread across the nation. Assassin Robert Rath arrives at a funeral to kill a prominent mobster, only to witness a rival hired gun complete the job for him -- with grisly results. Horrified by the murder of innocent bystanders, Rath decides to take one last job and then return to civilian life. But finding his way out of the world of contract killing grows ever more dangerous as Rath falls for his female target and becomes a marked man himself. Following an accident, an Engineer of an asteroid mining company endures the extreme limits - both physical and psychological - of human survival, trapped inside an escape pod as he helplessly idles towards the Sun.  Orishas: The Hidden Pantheon Stranded at the side of the road after a tire blowout, a group of friends become targets for an enigmatic sniper. Kishan Malhotra finds his life turned upside down, when he returns home one day to find that his place has been taken over by a look-alike imposter. An action/thriller set in 1977 about four friends who reunite for a bachelor party to hunt for buried Prohibition money on Kentucky's Bluegrass Bourbon Trail, only to become ripped apart by greed, corruption, and murder. El Bola, a 12 year old boy a.k.a. "Pellet" is a 12 year old boy raised in a violent and sordid environment. Embarrassed by his family life, he avoids becoming close to classmates. The arrival of a new boy at school changes his attitude towards his classmates, and friendship. The heart of the story is the change in El Bola's life, at almost all levels, after befriending this new classmate. Written by ElianaM A scientist enlists the help of the US army to investigate the mysterious disappearance of her father, deep in the Belizean jungle. Caught in the crossfire between a brutal guerrilla army controlled by a mystical warlord, they are also confronted by an even bigger terror giant mutated wasps that are, for some reason, thirsty for blood. In 2030 the world is in a permanent state of economic recession and facing serious environmental problems as a result of global warming. When one of her daughters dies and the second one is diagnosed with the same illness, single mom in Malaysia takes her to a hill station, where the girl starts behaving mysteriously. Though Kevin has evidenced 23 personalities to his trusted psychiatrist, Dr. Fletcher, there remains one still submerged who is set to materialize and dominate all the others. Compelled to abduct three teenage girls led by the willful, observant Casey, Kevin reaches a war for survival among all of those contained within him -- as well as everyone around him -- as the walls between his compartments shatter apart. A notorious gangster Vedha surrenders himself to encounter specialist Vikram whom he challenges every step of the way by narrating his life events in the form of riddles that needs to be solved in order to capture him. Raiders of the Lost Ark meets Batman in this action-packed martial arts adventure. A driver named Bhakti Thapa is assigned a job to transport 1 crore rupees from Pokhara to Kathmandu. But people having this secret information are behind him to rob him when the chance comes. Following his father's deathbed confession about the location of his last will and testament, Tang Sen (Bai Ke) packs up and heads to India with his friend Wu Kong (Wang Baoqiang) in search of it.  Along the way, the merry duo becomes a motley crew, enlisting a loyal but quirky fighter (Yue Yunpeng) and a cagey but beautiful woman (Liu Yan), all while experiencing the mysteries of a magical land that both helps and hinders them in their quest. Times are tough for Jez .and his motley crew of car mechanics, scraping a dishonest living in a small town on the Essex coast. So when they hear on the grapevine that a million pounds in cash is being transported across town, Jez plans an elaborate heist. There's just one problem - the cash belongs to local crime kingpin. In the year of 754 AD, during a time of epic battles and bloodshed, the legend of the pagan warrior king, Rebad, is born, but so is a new weapon against his people: Christianity. Redbad must ultimately unite a Viking army powerful enough to defeat the seemingly invincible Franks. Set in the futuristic Metro City, Astro Boy (Atom) is a young robot with incredible powers created by a brilliant scientist in the image of the son he had lost. Unable to fulfill his creator's expectations, Astro embarks on a journey in search of acceptance, experiencing betrayal and a netherworld of robot gladiators, before returning to save Metro City and reconcile with the father who rejected him. The chief security officer at a top-secret medical facility finds himself caught in an explosive battle when a young thief and his accomplices steal a groundbreaking curative medicine. After discovering the true origins of the medicine, the officer must decide who he can trust to protect the cure from falling into the wrong hands, and prevent an all-out war from bringing the city to its knees.  Returning home from a shopping trip to a nearby town, bored suburban housewife Laura Jesson is thrown by happenstance into an acquaintance with virtuous doctor Alec Harvey. Their casual friendship soon develops during their weekly visits into something more emotionally fulfilling than either expected, and they must wrestle with the potential havoc their deepening relationship would have on their lives and the lives of those they love. A feature-length documentary about graffiti culture as told through the experiences of six well-known graffiti writers and a graffiti buffer. Saban's Power Rangers follows five ordinary teens who must become something extraordinary when they learn that their small town of Angel Grove -- and the world -- is on the verge of being obliterated by an alien threat. Chosen by destiny, our heroes quickly discover they are the only ones who can save the planet. But to do so, they will have to overcome their real-life issues and before it's too late, band together as the Power Rangers. Saban's Power Rangers follows five ordinary teens who must become something extraordinary when they learn that their small town of Angel Grove -- and the world -- is on the verge of being obliterated by an alien threat. Chosen by destiny, our heroes quickly discover they are the only ones who can save the planet. But to do so, they will have to overcome their real-life issues and before it's too late, band together as the Power Rangers. Struggling screenwriter Josh Kendricks finds himself the star of his own disaster movie when super volcanoes begin erupting all over Los Angeles Now Josh, along with wacko-scientist-turned-novelist Quinn Irwin and Hollywood diva Kat Rivers, must band together to get Quinns' research to the mayor and save the city before it blows in one final eruption. Six young friends in the small town of Angamaly tries their luck by starting a pork business lead by Vincent Pepe. They initially strike a business deal with Rajan and Ravi despite the duo having killed a close friend of theirs in a gang fight. Vincent is in love with Sakhi and plan to immigrate abroad with her. But their plans hit a road bump as the deal with the gangsters hits some road bumps. Sean Haggerty only has an hour to deliver his illegal cargo. An hour to reassure a drug cartel, a hitman, and the DEA that nothing is wrong. An hour to make sure his wife survives. And he must do it all from the cockpit of his Cessna. A supernatural menace has descended on the peaceful town of Woodsville Center! It's up to Officier Rusty (Matt Farley), his partner Wolf (Jim McHugh, the mysterious newcomer known as The Eastern European (Tom Scalzo), loyal Officer Annabelle (Sharon Scalzo), and their courageous friends to take down this deadly villain! A rookie detective, son of a dead disgraced cop, works to solve his first major case while under the watchful eye of a ghost-like assassin. Is a young woman being stalked by her ex, or is she imagining things? Shabana Khan is the special agent who is entrusted the task of assassinating a deadly arms dealer by the Indian Intelligence Agencies. While trying to remain a good husband and father, Superbat and the Avengers of Justice come out of retirement to stop Dark Jokester and Lisp Luthor from freezing the planet. When two married business executives having an affair are blackmailed by a violent criminal, they are forced to turn the tables on him to save their families. LA Detective Aiden Smith takes down Drug Lord and Cop Killer Damian Espinado, but all goes to hell as Damian returns to life by surrendering his body and becoming a vessel for the God of Death. A reverse comedy that tells the story of a perfectionist assassin who falls and hits his head in a sauna, giving him amnesia. When a down-and-out actor switches locker keys with him, they switch lives until the hit-man, who soon becomes an action hero on TV, starts to remember things. Ivan is an ordinary guy who is transferred from modern Moscow to the fantasy world Belogorye. In this parallel universe where characters of Russian fairy tales live, magic is an integral part of daily life, and arguments are settled with the help of sword . Unexpectedly, Ivan finds himself in the middle of a battle between good and evil, and he must discover why everyone thinks that he must play the main role in upcoming events... A young man in Berlin is fed up with being the stooge of his criminal boss. New film by Detlev Buck based on a short story by Ferdinand von Schirach. Follow some of the world's finest female athletes on a journey that takes them from the slopes of a volcano in Hawaii to the white-knuckle ride down an Alaskan giant, and other interesting places... When a terrorist attack hits Sydney releasing a highly contagious virus into the population, Detective Leyla Nassar (Ash Ricardo) must race across the city and find the culprits while the Deputy Premier Pamela Laird (Zoe Carides) battles power hungry politicians eager to use the catastrophe for their own nefarious means. Fred C. Dobbs and Bob Curtin, both down on their luck in Tampico, Mexico in 1925, meet up with a grizzled prospector named Howard and decide to join with him in search of gold in the wilds of central Mexico. Through enormous difficulties, they eventually succeed in finding gold, but bandits, the elements, and most especially greed threaten to turn their success into disaster. Thrilling, yet ironic story A happy-go-lucky boy falls in love with a village belle and after initially facing rejection from her, realises that he has a lot to do to win her love. My father and I get into an old camper and head for Paris where, 23 years ago, he dispersed his mother's ashes in the Luxembourg Garden. Our trip will take two weeks. We're both documentary filmmakers so we've decided to make a film recording the journey. We stop at camper parks or gas stations for the night. We each have a camera to keep the conditions fair and so we're both the directors and protagonists at the same time. My father is 70, I am 44. We discuss various things - family history, difficult past, my father's divorces. Any question is allowed. The journey is a pretext to get to know each other a little better. A cinematic-psychological experiment about the father-son relationship. Once in the editing room, will we be able to create a single version that would be acceptable to both? Two groups of classic cartoon characters come together in this fun-filled crossover with the popular action-adventure animated series Jonny Quest. Fans of all ages won't want to miss this heart-stopping adventure as tussling twosome Tom and Jerry join Jonny Quest and his pal Hadji and embark on a dangerous spy mission in order to save the world. It's just another day at the beach for the dueling Tom and Jerry ... until they bump into world-class junior spies Jonny Quest and Hadji and their canine companion, Bandit. When longtime Quest family nemesis Dr. Zin discovers that Jonny's father, Dr. Benton Quest, possesses a device that could solve the world's energy problems, Zin sends his evil cat army to steal it and capture Benton and his bodyguard, Race Bannon. That's when Jonny and his new furry friends spring into action! Get set for intrigue, thrills and suspense for the whole family. Tia Carrere and Tim Matheson lend their voices. A CBI officer goes in search of a ruthless serial killer. Things get worse when the murderer targets the former and her family The human city of Zion defends itself against the massive invasion of the machines as Neo fights to end the war at another front while also opposing the rogue Agent Smith. Jack Killoran is a lawyer who can 'fix' any situation for his wealthy clients, usually by bribing or blackmailing corrupt officials. Killoran runs afoul of some of his clients when he has a crisis of conscience after miraculously surviving a riding accident. A group of three friends head to a cabin in the woods for the weekend. On their way they discover an arm in the road, blood coming from something wrapped in the back of a truck, and other strange things that unfold before their eyes. They plan on a weekend of partying, boozing, drugs and sex. Of course there is a campfire tale of a killer in the woods, the kids get split up, and the blood starts to flow. Girls in Trouble: Space Squad Episode Zero is an installment in the Toei Company V-Cinema series. Space Squad serves as a crossover between the revival of the Metal Heroes' Space Sheriff series and the Super Sentai series Tokusou Sentai Dekaranger. A prologue to Gavan vs. Dekaranger, this movie focuses on the female characters of both series. Khalid and Kehailan are two team leaders who are passionate about car racing and challenges. They enter into a crazy competition to win the challenge involving a lot of surprises, which unexpectedly change both their lives. Set against the backdrop of World War 2, the film spans over three different phases of the life of the protagonist Kammaran who gets inspired by freedom fighter Subhash Chandra Bose and joins INA to secure Indian independence from British rule. A loan recovery agent takes on a corrupt head of an educational institution to save his girlfriend.  Handsome Stranger has agreed to escort Charming Jones to collect her inheritance from her father. But Avery Jones wants the money, and hires notorious outlaw Cactus Jack to ambush Charming. However, Cactus Jack is not very good at robbing people.  Hunted by government agents and constantly assaulted by a cartel of vengeful thugs, an amnesiac known only as "626" searches for her true identity while protecting a teenage girl who shares her superhuman abilities; but when 626 uncovers the horrifying truth about her past, she must infiltrate enemy headquarters to expose a corporate conspiracy that threatens the free world,before she and her companion are silenced forever. A yearning for cold hard cash echoes through the ghetto, while rich Swedes spend each weekend bathing in champagne in Stockholm's hot spots. Sara and Amida refuse to get stuck being flat broke, and from their friendship an idea is born for an adventure in spilled champagne. A "booster bag," a night on the town in snatched clothes, and a smooth Swede who takes everything that used to be tough, but at least stable, and turns it upside down. High school senior Lily and her group of friends live in a haze of texts, posts, selfies and chats just like the rest of the world. So, when an anonymous hacker starts posting details from the private lives of everyone in their small town, the result is absolute madness leaving Lily and her friends questioning whether they'll live through the night. When their daughter is kidnapped by experienced nappers (Bacon and Love), the Jennings' (Theron and Townsend) turn the tables on this seemingly foolproof plan. When legendary hunter Bob Rainsford is shipwrecked on the perilous reefs surrounding a mysterious island, he finds himself the guest of the reclusive and eccentric Count Zaroff. While he is very gracious at first, Zaroff eventually forces Rainsford and two other shipwreck survivors, brother and sister Eve and Martin Towbridge, to participate in a sadistic game of cat and mouse in which they are the prey and he is the hunter. A visceral journey through the unseen and unknown world of big wave surf adventurer Frank James Solomon, an intercontinental clandestine investigation blurring the lines between myth, legend and reality. Two rivals address the years of animosity that defined their careers and their shared dream of achieving greatness on the world's biggest stage: the Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest. Two new female police officers struggle to survive a force filled with corrupt superiors and the brutal world of the criminal mafia. Against the wishes of his parents (who are in the midst of a messy divorce), a young boy steals the ashes of his dead Grandfather and runs away into the wilderness with his dog. The boy is determined to fulfill his beloved Grandpa's dying wishes and spread his ashes atop a remote mountain. Along the treacherous journey, the boy and the dog are accompanied by the ghost of his Grandpa, who helps them on their journey, brings the family back together and gives the boy one last chance to say goodbye. The story of Parava revolves around pigeon race, a game, which is prominent in Mattancherry, Kochi, Kerala. A series of ritual murders target cops. During a brutal break-in, among other things a replica of an antique statue is stolen. Detectives Eric and Brigitte give chase. During the escape, the rear doors of the thieves' van open, the stolen figure is left in the street. To the surprise of the pursuing officers one of the burglars suddenly litters the street with hundreds of bank notes which are eagerly picked up by dozens of bystanders. It is now up to the investigators to not only pursue the thieves, but also to collect back the stolen money. A scientist builds a massive ark after his warnings of an Earth-destroying flood are ignored. But when it's evident the disaster will occur, those who maligned the scientist now turn to him in desperation, boarding the ark and seeking his answers before the world drowns in a never ending sea.  Ajin is a live-action adaptation of a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Gamon Sakurai. Kei Nagai dies in a car accident, but realises he is a type of immortal known as Ajin (demi-human). Hunted by humans, Ajin is eventually found by the government and used as a subject in cruel experiments. He finds fellow demi-humans along the way as he escapes and goes on the run. A ticking-time-bomb insomniac and a slippery soap salesman channel primal male aggression into a shocking new form of therapy. Their concept catches on, with underground "fight clubs" forming in every town, until an eccentric gets in the way and ignites an out-of-control spiral toward oblivion. Two slackers put on their superhero suits to save Hong Kong from a zombie invasion. This hybrid directorial debut packs one hell of an emotional punch. Human traffickers wipe out a young girl's family and village. She then seeks revenge on those responsible, eventually becoming first the hunted then turning into the hunters with the mercenary hired to eliminate her. Ava's sister goes missing after they have an argument. Ava must fight her ADHD to find her sister with the help of an old school friend.  Three years after the demise of Jurassic World, a volcanic eruption threatens the remaining dinosaurs on the isla Nublar, so Claire Dearing, the former park manager, recruits Owen Grady to help prevent the extinction of the dinosaurs once again. In the the tumultuous neighborhoods of Tehran, in the winding streets and alleys and displaced and confused in every little houses... Does this the rummage will be the end? On a treasure hunt gone wrong, modern-day adventurer Sinbad accidentally releases the Furies, three beautiful but terrible ancient beings powerful enough to threaten life on Earth. Yasuyuki Shimada is an ordinary guy who makes films. One day he gets a hold of a camera and a mask which has special powers to go back in time by filming the God of Death who handles all destinies. This is a new type of Dark Action Hero movie, where a simple filmmaker changes his destiny and tries to save his crush! Kyle (Markiss McFadden), one of the many orphans raised in an orphanage by Father Antonio (Paul Sorvino) is an assassin who is sent on missions; from God. For years Father Antonio led these boys to believe they are killing in the name of God. Kyle was one of the best executioners of Father Antonio's men. After placing a bomb in a little coffee shop to execute the owner a little boy Matthew (Aiden Wind) and his mother walks in the restaurant just seconds before the explosion. Kyle decided to save both of them but unfortunately he was only able to save the little boy. A reluctant Kyle takes him in and keeps him hidden for seven days. Through a very complex relationship Kyle discovers a different side in him he didn't know existed. With all the fights, bullets flying, and explosions it's going to be harder than he thought keeping Matthew safe. But with the help of Kyle's beautiful neighbor Tara (Mischa Barton) it just might be possible. A slick private eye (Duane Martin) set out to investigate the death of a young rapper, only to find himself knee-deep in drugs, guns, and double crosses. Vivica A. Fox and real-life rappers Jadakiss and Sticky Fingaz co-star. Mike Fallon, the Accident Man, is a stone cold killer.  When a loved one is murdered by his own crew, Fallon is forced to avenge the one person who actually meant something to him. Angered by the corruption that stopped him from becoming a CBI officer, a young man forms a gang who pose as CBI officers and raids the corrupt. Preparing for a national competition, a group of paintball players camp on an island. The island, however, holds secrets which will make them realize that their skills serve for more than a game, they serve to not be eliminated. Psychotherapist Ruben Brandt becomes the most wanted criminal in the world when he and four of his patients steal paintings from the world's most renowned museums and art collections. A vengeful Southern sheriff is out for blood after his wife is brutally killed by a pair of drifters. Low-budget film set in Georgia in 1953 and based on fact. The story follows street fighter turned detective Takeshi Yoroi, played by Junpei Mizobata, who uses his martial arts skills to transform into Hurricane Polymar and fight evil. In preparation for the role, Mizobata underwent four months of intense martial arts training. Three cousins and their best friend leave for a road trip, hoping for one final hurrah before one of them gets married. Their path crosses with that of two girls who are on a getaway of their own. Their plans are derailed after a suspicious death. Who was the killer and why forms the plot. Yedyanchi Jatra is an enjoyable portrayal of how villagers react to new developments in their locality like the launch of a Government sponsored "Village Sanitation and Cleanliness Drive" A cynical look at the life of a not so nice country-western singer, Maury Dann - played by Rip Torn in one of his most memorable performances. He ruthlessly manipulates every one around him to suit his selfish needs...he even gets his limo driver to take the blame for the death of a fan which he stabbed. The black power salute by Tommie Smith and John Carlos at the 1968 Mexico Olympics was an iconic moment in the US civil rights struggle. Far less known is the part in that episode in history played by Peter Norman, the white Australian on the podium who had run second -- and the price paid afterward by all three athletes. The compound of an arms manufacturer turns into a zombie nightmare when its workers are given the wrong formula. Meat the Future ushers the viewer into a world vexed by the impacts of modern day industrial animal agriculture and zeros in on a solution-focused story. Revealing challenges and breakthroughs and posing a myriad of questions about the future, this 90-minute character-driven documentary explores the advent of real meat without the need to raise and slaughter animals.  Spanning three years, Meat the Future chronicles the potentially game-changing birth of a new food industry referred to as "cell-based" "clean" and "cultured" meat - a term hotly debated as the industry approaches commercialization In Distance Between Dreams, the most historic year in big wave surfing comes to life through the eyes of iconic surfer Ian Walsh, as he sets mind and body in motion to redefine the upper limits of what's considered 'rideable.' With massive El Nino powered swells building across the Pacific, Ian, Shaun, D.K. and Luke Walsh band together in the way only brothers can on a quest to progress surfing to unimaginable heights. Big wave surfing's transition from jet ski assists to paddling in raises the stakes, putting Walsh's intense physical and mental training, the latest technology, swell modeling, and safety team, his brothers, to the ultimate test. Surfers John John Florence, Greg Long, Shane Dorian and more link up with Walsh as he rides an emotional rollercoaster through this momentous winter.  After a terrorist attack unleashes a virus that turns most of the world's population into the living dead, a doctor with the only known cure must rally a band of military specialist survivors in an effort to save the planet. A horde of zombies stands in their way. Kevin McCallister's parents have split up. Now living with his mom, he decides to spend Christmas with his dad at the mansion of his father's rich girlfriend, Natalie. Meanwhile robber Marv Merchants, one of the villains from the first two movies, partners up with a new criminal named Vera to hit Natalie's mansion. Some college students from Chennai go on vacation trip to a hill station. On their trip, girls get killed one by one in a thrilling manner. The rest of the story is why they got killed and who is the killer. When the money needed for his daughter's operation is stolen, a desperate father seeks the help of an honest cop who tries to catch the criminals, retrieve the amount and in the process, save the girl. A happy-go-lucky taxi driver gets unexpectedly entangled in a series of problems when he encounters a girl who is on the run for her life. A shoe-smith Arun Sachdeva (Sanjay) is shattered when he discovers that his daughter, Bhoomi (Aditi) has been raped by Dhauli (Sharad) and his gang of three. The father and daughter grieve for a bit before planning revenge. All the worldwide children of less than nine years fall in coma at the same time. Ten years later, Tom Russel is released from prison after killing a man in a fight, and returns to his home town, more specifically to his older brother home, who has a son in coma. Tom intends to rebuild his life, but his ex-wife Jean Raynor is hurt and does not want to see him. Attacked by vampire, Spring, a born loser is saved by three street cleaners. When he wakes up, he finds himself in a government secret facilities hidden in a garbage collection station. Spring then discovers that he has a special immunity to vampire attack, making him a perfect candidate as agent of the secret organisation, the Vampire Cleanup Department. Rebellious Arivu (Manoj) -- who's incessantly at odds with his father -- shocks his family with his gallantry in this unconventional romantic drama. Forced to attend a wedding with his parents, Arivu graciously offers to marry Savitri (Richa Pallod) when the groom is a no-show. Though the jilted bride rejects the startling proposal, she later turns to Arivu after losing a cherished friend to suicide. In the ancient village of Shivapuram, little Ananthan hears a tale from his mother, Gayathri (Revathi). She tells him that his family comes from a line of powerful magicians, and they are responsible for protecting nagamanikyam, a jewel on a serpent's head. The jewel, she narrates, lies in a secret place in the house guarded by snakes, including a tiny snake called Kunjootan.  Years later, obeying the wishes of his dead mother, Ananthan (Prithviraj Sukumaran) returns to his ancestral village to light the lamps at Shivakavu, a dark and mysterious temple of Shiva. Collegian Ajay Sharma was born on 2nd April 1968 and lives in Bombay with his widowed mom, Asha. He is friendly with fellow-collegian, the wealthy Raj Sinha, and both often end up getting beat-up by goons and Madhu (Raj's girlfriend) respectively. After they graduate from college, Raj's maternal uncle asks Ajay to bring his birth certificate so that he could make his passport and find work for him in a department store in Canada. Ajay goes home to look for his birth certificate, but is unable to locate. His mother makes a show of helping him, but instead tears a document and tosses it outside. Ajay puts the document together and finds out that his real name is Ajay Malhotra, his father, Dr. Ravi Malhotra, is still alive, serving a life sentence in prison for killing and stealing a patient's organs. Ajay questions his mother and finds out that his dad was framed by the hospital owner, Rai Bahadur. He and Asha meet Ravi in prison and swear to avenge his humiliation. A pair of Tactical Units Police Officers from different walks of life come together to rescue an ambassador's daughter. A software engineer starts hearing a voice inside his head that tells him to go in search of a woman named Jayalakshmi and murder her! After being defeated by humans centuries ago, the Winged Tribe has lost their ability to fly. Seeking vengeance, a royal descendant of the tribe has begun searching for the magical Naga Pearls, which he plans to use to destroy the humans. When the legendary pearls fall into - and out of - the hands of Heiyu, a wily human street punk, he must join a team of unlikely heroes as they race to prevent the destruction of their people in this magical fantasy adventure. A fast-talking lawyer transforms his body and takes a vow of silence, not to be broken until he finds out who killed his wife and daughter and has his revenge. When Sudi wins a lottery, he dreams of living a descent life off the streets but his dreams are shattered when his gang mate Jeff points his guns at him. Otomo gets involved with new Yakuza battles after he comes back the Yakuza society. In a reality TV show created by the U.S. government about spies, audiences go on fake undercover missions, but fact cannot be easily distinguished from fiction. Following the success of the Dawn Rebellion, Degwin negotiates with Vice Admiral Revil to surrender all Federation assets and the complete withdrawal of Federation forces from Side 3 to prevent similar incidents from happening again. After bring reprimanded by Degwin for failure to look after Garma, Dozle sends Char - who motivated Garma into starting the rebellion - to Earth; in response, Char requests to become a mobile suit pilot when he returns. Feeling the burden of his responsibilities, Dozle proposes to cadet Zenna Mia. In the Earth city of Manaus, Char lands a job as a mobile worker pilot at a construction site. He meets a young Lalah Sune at a casino. India's first underwater war film tries to decode the mystery behind the sinking of Pakistani submarine PNS Ghazi during the Indo-Pak war of 1971. Nikhil, a student who joins a college for his post graduate course. Being a guy with a modern personality, Nikhil wants to bring about social changes. As part of an NSS camp, he goes to a village where some interesting events happen and this is what the movie revolves around. Lulu is a young woman so beautiful and alluring that few can resist her siren charms. The men drawn into her web include respectable newspaper publisher Dr. Ludwig Schon, his musical producer son Alwa, circus performer Rodrigo Quast and Lulu's seedy old friend, Schigolch. When Lulu's charms inevitably lead to tragedy, the downward spiral encompasses them all.  A true story of survival, as a young couple's chance encounter leads them first to love, and then on the adventure of a lifetime as they face one of the most catastrophic hurricanes in recorded history. A computer virus called "Pac-Man" invades Japan from cyberspace. It is up to the Kamen Riders to put a stop to the destruction it is causing by finding the source of it. A young married woman who is desperately unhappy is tempted into a lesbian relationship with an interior decorator. Ellion Ness, a thoroughly professional stripper, goes through her paces, bares her body, and then, astonishingly and literally, transcends it. While the film makes a forceful political statement on the image of woman and the true meaning of stripping, the intergalactic transcendence of its ending locates it firmly within the mainstream of joyous humanism and stubborn optimism. A woman abandons her husband, changes her name, and remarries again. Complications ensue. Newspaper reporter Rebecca Chandler, who feels she got no fair chance to prove her worth in her thee years career, looks forward to a Hawaian holiday with her fiance Ryan, but instead of a ring he brings her- walking orders, he found better. So she accepts again to be the bachelor on duty in the Christmas season, and write the annual romantic non-news feel good-story, once more about the elusive Secret Santa in small-town Hamden, where the Christmas spirit it said to last all year. Bad luck follows her from Indianapolis: her car breaks down, she can only get lodgings in a home for the elderly without Internet, and nobody wants to help her unmask the secret Santa. Soon she guesses it must be the only rich philanthropist, but the popular Mr. John Martin Carter doesn't grant her an interview and isn't tricked either, in fact meets her at the worst repeatedly without her knowing him... Successful, yet cocky guy Aldar picks up a girl at the bar in a bet with his friends. Aldar gets involved with the girl's complicated life and gets thrown in a jail for a false charge. Aldar fights for his life in the jail, but betrayed by his friends, left with no money and got set up in a scam, he can't do anything but to survive. Mysterious man comes into the jail cell and takes control of the criminals and becomes the new cell boss. The new cell boss helps him to clear his name and take his revenge. Loot ended with Haku Kale plotting against his four team members to take over entire robbed money. The four gang members, who were framed for the bank robbery, now escape from the prison and want to take revenge against Haku Kale. Jannertown is another one of those British films about; bereavement, teenage crushes, ghosts, time travel, superhero origins and gangsters tolerance of workplace diversity. A genre- mashing cine-puzzle. Charming melodrama by the Vitagraph Company about the friendship between a boy (Bobby Connelly) and the grumpy Captain Barnacle(William Shea). This seems to be the first film in a short-lived Captain Barnacle series that Vitagraph started at the beginning of 1917. Young Bobby Connelly was one of the first star child actors and his character Sonny Boy links the two series he did for Vitagraph, the "Sonny Jim" series from 1914 to 1915 and the "Bobby" series in 1917. Can Aydin, Phong Giand and Cha-Lee Yoon have 24 hours to save their best friends and uncover the secret safe of the Berlin underworld kingpin. A strong and loving woman fight to get back everything that is stolen from her. Vikrant, a tech-savvy student, figures out that he is not the biological son of his parents. When his foster parents get mysteriously murdered, he decided to find who his actual dad and mom are. See what happens at Australia's craziest automotive pilgrimage when Pauly and his team do Summernats. Tony, a promising young motorcycle racer, is forced to do perilous drug runs to save the mother of his child from a dangerous mobster. Keshava, A law college student is on a hunt down to kill all those who destroyed his family in a dreadful accident. Keshava commits a series of murders and a special officer is appointed to deal with the case. Rest of the story is as to how Keshav dodges the cops and completes his revenge with the help of Satyabhama. The chronology of Super Sentai may, at last, be at an end. A boy has arrived from the future to save the earth from catastrophe. Yamato and his team are not aware that they are part of the enemy's plans. The Ninningers, who once protected Earth, have returned! And this time, they believe the Zyuohger are Yokai monsters! This battle will be the end of both teams. Will the message of the future boy get to Yamato in time? An unbelievable roll call that brings together all the Rangers of the Super Sentai! In 2017 the battle of all battles begins! The journey of a blind chef through a newfound love, a retrieved vision and an invigorating journey of twists, turns and answers along the way. A state topper from a lower caste goes missing after an upper caste cop picks him up for questioning. What has happened to him? Colombian drug kingpin Jesus Morales secretly pays for the services of a sniper nicknamed "The Devil," capable of killing one-by-one the enemies of anyone who hires him. With no adversaries left alive, Morales grows stronger and gains control of more smuggling routes into the United States. The DEA, alarmed by this threat to the country, sends agent Kate Estrada, who has been following Morales for years, and Marine sniper Brandon Beckett to Colombia. Their mission: Kill "The Devil" and bring Morales back to the US to be tried for his crimes. The agents think they have everything under control, but Morales and "The Devil" have prepared plenty of surprises to keep the mission from succeeding. In the year 2024, homosexuality has been outlawed by an extreme right-wing government. Only one extraordinary man can stop this wave of terror and repression, a superhero for our troubled times. Charlie Cranehill, an animal liberator wanted for domestic terrorism, emerges from the underground to coordinate a nationwide action as his estranged CEO father tries to find him before the FBI does. With friends like these, who needs enemies? That's the question bad guy Porter is left asking after his wife and partner steal his heist money and leave him for dead -- or so they think. Five months and an endless reservoir of bitterness later, Porter's partners and the crooked cops on his tail learn how bad payback can be. In Germany at the height of World War II, a ragtag group of American soldiers discover Doctor Mengele's diabolical plan to create an unstoppable army of Nazi werewolves. A dutiful son, a prince in his fathers' eyes, retains his purity of character despite the many challenges thrown his way. A vigilante fitness instructor investigates an explosion to save the world from IQ level loss. Mr. Wilson's ever-present annoyance comes in the form of one mischievous kid named Dennis. But he'll need Dennis's tricks to uncover a collection of gold coins that go missing when a shady drifter named Switchblade Sam comes to town. Set against the backdrop of 1971 Indo-Pak war, the movie is inspired by real incidents and the protagonists are inspired by Param Vir Chakra recipients. The movie shows what consequences of war are on the lives of soldiers on either side of the border. Bahniman is an Assamese movie starring Yashpal Sharma in a prominent role. A gangster and a police inspector go against each other in a war for power and dominance. It is an action drama directed by Biswajeet Bora. A family is terrorized. It's 1863. America was born in the streets. Amsterdam Vallon returns to the Five Points of America to seek vengeance against the psychotic gangland kingpin, Bill the Butcher, who murdered his father years earlier. With an eager pickpocket by his side and a whole new army, Vallon fights his way to seek vengeance on the Butcher and restore peace in the area. Aliff is a socially reclusive student who has an ability to see supernatural beings from another dimension. All along, he has learnt to ignore the spirits and never tells anybody about his ability, until he is unwittingly dragged into protecting his reckless, paranormal-seeking classmates Anna and Naim. Together, the three of them find themselves in a battle of epic proportions fighting other-worldly creatures. An examination of the malevolent London underworld with it's despicable criminal underground. Ray (Mick Rossi) just finished an eight year prison sentence after getting set up. Now he is back on the streets to settle the score. 16 is an edge of the seat thriller that shows Deepak a retired Cop after Five years down the line, he is forced to revisit all the events leading to an accident! A furious youngster takes on a politician, a police officer and a criminal owing to the injustice meted out to his kith and kin  Doctor Chakravarthy is 1964 Telugu drama film directed by Adurthi Subba Rao starring Akkineni Nageswara Rao and Savitri. It is the first film to win the Nandi Award instituted by Government of Andhra Pradesh in 1964. Upon its release, it received positive reviews and became a blockbuster. It inspired many people in India to become doctors. In Kennesaw, a small American town in the state of Georgia, a good citizen is an armed citizen. By law, since 1982, each head of household must own at least one working firearm with ammunition. Five friends are picked up as suspects in a political murder, and the cops detain one among them to save face in front of the media. To save him, the guy's friend and a straightforward cop try to track down the real killer.  There is family trouble for the knights. To get out of trouble's way, they decide to whizz off to China for a dragon tooth, the symbol of wisdom and power. At that time the Prince of Kiev is on a journey with his horse Julius; he is after the treasures of the Sea tsar to fill his coffers and "patch up the budget". And the Sea tsar has decided to marry - and therefore drown Kiev. What is to be done? What will help our heroes? Friendship, boldness and, of course, love. Three friends join their musical talent to escape the harsh reality of their neighborhood. But their lack of money for recordings will force them to involve in shady business. Kjell needs to fix some shelves to the walls in his apartment and borrows a Black&amp;Decker drill from a neighbour. Kjell is very amused by drilling holes, and takes up a slightly bizarre fascination for the drill. One day the neighbour comes to get it back... In real life, Kwon Yoo is unemployed, but in the virtual game world he is the best leader. Kwon Yoo is then framed for a murder. With the help of hacker Yeo-Wool, he tries to uncover the truth behind the murder case. Michael is committed to getting his best friend Chris to sober up and get his life back on track. With the best of intentions, Michael implements a plan to convince Chris to go to rehab before his drug addiction leads to an early death. But what begins as an attempt to save his friend's life quickly takes an unexpected turn as the two friends confront personal demons, the consequences of past actions, and forces beyond their control. Elle wants to be a singer/songwriter, but her dreams are cut short by the sudden death of her parents. She moves in with her adoptive uncle, who runs a small independent record label whose biggest act, Sensation, is also Elle's biggest pain. On a weekend getaway at a rundown cabin in the woods, Jason, a cautious teen, his crude best friend Colin and his fearless older sister Summer are forced to work together, grow up and save their hard-partying parents from their predatory neighbor intent on feeding them all to her undead family. This remake of the 1970s TV series "Silver Kamen" and "Super Robot Red Baron" pits two families (one with an armored bionic superhero, and the other a red giant robot) against evil aliens to save Earth and prevent the extinction of mankind. An undercover cop goes into the big bad world (Ronapura), an place taken over by a don, where his safety may be compromised. Young Kim Chang-Soo is placed behind bars, charged with murdering a Japanese person who took part in Empress Myeongseong's assassination. In prison, Kim Chang-Soo sees how Koreans are persecuted and grows into a fighter for Korean independence. AREA:98 is about a small government agency that investigate strange occurrences in the Pacific Northwest.  One of the team members, Elias Walters, once witnessed his partner disappear before him. Years later he is brought into a unique discovery that opens many questions. Elias and the AREA:98 team are on a path of discovery. The femme fatal inspector Jasmine gets transferred to uproot criminals and terrorists only to make enemies with the local godfather. Joshua Lazarus (Nick Stahl) is a telepath who has been raised in a NSA foster home. Lazarus helps the government by using his abilities. He is told by the agency that the telepathy is a side effect of Widmann's Disease, and that he will become insane in time and eventually die from the illness. However, Lazarus meets a woman with similar powers (Taryn Manning) who does not have any sign of the disease, launching Lazarus to confront the lies he has been told An ex-soldier ventures into the Pacific Northwest to uncover the truth behind his fiance's disappearance. Brooklyn mobster and prolific hit man Jimmy Conlon has seen better days. Longtime best friend of a mob boss, Jimmy is haunted by the sins of his past--as well as a dogged police detective who's been one step behind Jimmy for 30 years. But when Jimmy's estranged son becomes a target, Jimmy must make a choice between the crime family he chose and the real family he abandoned long ago. Now, with nowhere safe to turn, Jimmy has just one night to figure out exactly where his loyalties lie and to see if he can finally make things right. This documentary seeks to move away from the noise of the city to enter the silence of the natural world and reconnect with the ties we have lost throughout the era of disconnection. The story revolves on the amazing adventures of Aw, Em and Gee, who are mild-mannered massage therapists by day and sexy secret agents who solve crimes by night. They are then tasked to embark on a top-level secret mission to retrieve the precious "Perlas Ng Silangan" in exchange for their lives and freedom  A young Viking called Vitharr arrives in Britain with dreams of conquest and adventure, but when his family and clan are ambushed and killed, he must survive alone in this strange,dangerous new land as he searches for his Uncle's settlement. Spider-Man: Balance Act Saalai (The Road), the story of one man's inner struggle, a Psychological Thriller based on an Idea driven by strange encounters, shot in -30degC FREEZING COLD and DANGEROUS landscape presented for the first ever time in Tamil Cinema.  A coming of age story. A rich and spoiled youth comes home from studying abroad. After night of drunkenness, him and his friend wake up in the past in the middle of a war. Mary is a hit woman working for an organized crime family in Boston, whose life is completely turned around when she meets a young boy whose path she crosses when a professional hit goes bad. A murder of a convict held in custody seems to be connected with dark and mysterious events from two years back. A fatal explosion and sudden earthquake rock Los Angeles, and reporter John Benson seizes his chance to cover the breaking news of increasing seismic activity. The Truth can hurt sometimes...but not even death can keep a secret. The sudden implementation of demonetisation rattles the country, and a few black money hoarders in Kerala are trying their best to save their void currencies by hook or crook. Kasaragod-based financier Nithyananda Shenoy also gets embroiled in it, and drawn into the scene are also a few underprivileged folk in Kochi. Dramatic situations surrounding the hotchpotch ensue, as each one tries to set their lives straight. Many years after Shattered Paragon, Batman is investigating portals that have been opening up around the world, little does he know they're a gate way to finding Kara who he and the rest of the Justice League thought was dead, Batman tries to pull together a broken Justice League to find and save Kara from a evil god like being, Darkseid. A blue-collar family man breaks the promise he'd made to never fight again. Now forty years old, with a wife and four children who need him, Joe Carman risks everything to go back into the fighting cage and come to terms with his past.  A documentary about how a variety of people connect their lives with surfing and big waves. For hundreds of years, the element has not ceased to attract people, and even in the 21st century, it easily pulls them out of megacities and falls in love with itself for life. All the heroes of the film came to the ocean in very different ways and made the waves steer their fate. The protagonist, the famous Russian surfer Seva Shulgin, is preparing to realize the dream of every surfer - to ride on one of the most dangerous waves in the world, the Hawaiian wave Jouse (Jaws). Mahabbat Pur Vice City 2  is action short film it is a 2nd part of movie  director by Juwel Rana Following the death of his employer and mentor, Bumpy Johnson, Frank Lucas establishes himself as the number one importer of heroin in the Harlem district of Manhattan. He does so by buying heroin directly from the source in South East Asia and he comes up with a unique way of importing the drugs into the United States. Partly based on a true story. When his helicopter goes down during his fourth tour of duty in Afghanistan, Marine Sam Cahill is presumed dead. Back home, brother Tommy  steps in to look over Sam's wife, Grace, and two children. Sam's surprise homecoming triggers domestic mayhem. Small-town boy Shawn MacArthur has come to New York City with nothing. Barely earning a living selling counterfeit goods on the streets, his luck changes when scam artist Harvey Boarden sees that he has a natural talent for streetfighting. When Harvey offers Shawn help at making the real cash, the two form an uneasy partnership. A man and his wife get themselves a huge gambling debt, and then accidentally get involved in a race with gangsters to obtain a magic mirror. One day , Pororo and Crong enter a video game "Golden wing adventure"  In the cyber space , Pororo and Crong met 'Prince ChiChi" and agreed to find Golden wing to save Princess  On the other hand, Pororo's friends were captured by SPIDER KING "  Will Pororo save the Princess and his friends and escape from Cyber space ? The Match is a romantic comedy set against the story of a grudge football match between two pubs. The prize for the winner of the centenary match is the the closure of their opponent's bar. The Match was mainly filmed around Straiton in Ayrshire. Ultimate Hero. The film tells the story of a man named Han Feng trying to stop a group of weapons smugglers in Africa. After a spending the night with his girlfriend Alice (Jeanne Moreau), trucker Jean (Jean Gabin) encounters a dead body on the road home. He reports the incident to the police who suspect that Jean was responsible for the death and his new truck is impounded. To make matters worse, the man's widow accuses Jean of having robbed her husband of a large amount of money that he was carrying. And then there's that gang of sinister crooks who also are harassing him. Jean is a victim of circumstance and forces beyond his control are closing in on him. But Alice gives him a measure of comfort and stability. With her as his emotional base, he manages to rouse his trucker friends to turn the tables against the gangsters who are pursuing him. An elite team of six female rookie police recruits fails to graduate as they resist to retreat in the final test when the situation gets out of hand. But their eminence provides them with another opportunity - "The Rafflesia", a special female force that was disbanded 25 years ago when the mission failed, which is now looking for new blood to resume operation.  Their first mission is to capture the notorious triad leader "President", who caused the disbandment of "The Rafflesia" 25 years ago. He takes hostage of medical scientist Yoshida for his knowledge in virus to threaten different countries and ultimately plot a physical robbery.  Eager to become real police officers, the girls accept the offer despite the level of danger involves. A Vietnam War veteran, Ki Gwang is an old bus driver. One day, he faced that his son had committed suicide and met his granddaughter at the funeral. However, he founds that some friends of his son has been using as his granddaughter as their need, This was the beginning of his vengeance for the world... MSP is proud to bring you the most eagerly awaited ski film of the last two decades. "SUPERHEROES OF STOKE" celebrates MSP's heritage and 20 years of skiing progression, showcasing icons of the sport and honoring the moments that helped define modern freeskiing. This awe-inspiring new film takes a captivating look at the past, present, and future of freeskiing through comprehensive storytelling and engaging first-person perspectives from those who helped change the game. Throughout the film, MSP honors the heroes who have emerged over the years and pays tribute to the heroes who have been lost. "SUPERHEROES OF STOKE" showcases incredible new action from all corners of the globe, encompassing overhead powder at Chatter Creek, massive spine walls in Alaska's Tordrillo Mountains, pillow lines and tree jibs in Japan, and massive man-made features at Whistler and Alyeska. The story revolves around a SAF exemplary Agent, Abbas Misani a Muslim who is married to Emma, whose parents with strict Christian upbringing would not accept both Abbas and Emma to their family. The third installment of the blockbuster fantasy series sees the return of the Monkey King (Aaron Kwok) in his most action-packed adventure yet! While continuing their epic journey to the West, the Monkey King and his companions are taken captive by the Queen of an all-female land, who believes them to be part of an ancient prophecy heralding the fall of her kingdom. With a lot of sorcery and a little bit of charm, the travelers devise a plan to escape. But when their trickery angers the mighty River God, they realize they might just bring about the foretold destruction - unless they can find a way to quell her wrath. Sher-e-Hind along with his sidekick Honey Preet Insan have infiltrated the Pakistani army where he gives them a befitting response to all their terrorist activities. The film revolves around a police officer called Karthikeya (Ravi Teja), who struggles to maintain a balance between his personal and professional life. Until one incident changes his life forever. When the evil Dr. Hell attacks the Earth, the mighty giant mecha Mazinger Z is formed to stop him. After a civil war erupts, killing her entire family, 16-year-old Shade escapes to Australia on a refugee boat helmed by the captain of a people smuggling ring. The boat becomes lost at sea and, out of fuel, food and water, the refugees begin to die until a handful of them manage to land in an isolated part of Australia. Lost, desperate and fighting between themselves, only Shade, the captain and a young Rohingya refugee girl named Maiya are left alive to find civilisation and make Australia their new home. After the death of his wife and child, an author travels to Barcelona to see his estranged brother and dying father, where he learns that his life is plagued by events that occur on 11/11/11. The deceased friend and mentor, Doctor Alfred, leaves behind a posthumous trail for Clank to follow. With little time to spare he must figure out the mystery behind the disappearance of the "Red Mosaic". 'The perfect killers just met their match'. The young fella is drawn into a criminal gang of his older brother that engaged in assassinations. But when they on the affair, they face a maniac who opens them hunt. It does not go well with the Romeo's. Especially Chris gets on his hips when Davy once again show up late to a concert where other singers are on the bill. When one of the artists will be attacked just before his performance, Davy intervenes. Chris and Gunther are amazed at his intervention and demand an explanation. Davy takes them to his house and shows how he's been a undercover agent within the HIT mission. More he can not lose on this. But for Chris, this is proof that Davy is no longer with his heart in the Romeo's. He also wants the Romeo's to stop. And that's just on the eve of the European Schlagerfestival... A few individuals in the medical profession are murdered or kidnapped, and the cop investigating the case suspects a doctor and arrests him. But is he the one who is behind these crimes? And why are they being committed? A delivery man has to flee for his life when he is framed for the assassination of a political candidate and the evidence against him begins to accumulate. John McClane is back and badder than ever, and this time he's working for Homeland Security. He calls on the services of a young hacker in his bid to stop a ring of Internet terrorists intent on taking control of America's computer infrastructure. When a small-town girl is diagnosed with a rare, deadly disease, an ambitious newspaper man turns her into a national heroine. Two policemen, one an old-timer, the other his volatile younger partner, find themselves suspended when a video of their strong-arm tactics becomes the media's cause du jour. Low on cash and with no other options, these two embittered soldiers descend into the criminal underworld to gain their just due, but instead find far more than they wanted awaiting them in the shadows. Lucinda Regis, Director of Development at MALCO Oceanic Research, becomes the target of a dangerous killer after unraveling a sinister plot to inject sharks with human DNA. When he takes his girlfriend to a seedy abortion clinic in the back room of a combination hair salon / bordello, Guy Maddin meets the madam's daughter and falls in love. But she won't let any man touch her until her father's murder has been avenged. After stealing a gangster's money and his girlfriend, a doctor heads for a small village in Mexico to hide out. This story is about a happy-go-lucky young man, Babu, who falls in love with a girl. However, he runs into a problem while convincing her father to permit them to be together. A corrupt cop who has a heartbreaking childhood realises his mistakes and turns into a sincere officer to take on a dreaded criminal and his son. Invisible forces exert power over us in our sleep. A mercenary named Ink, on a literal nightmare mission, captures the spirit of 8-year-old Emma in the dream world. To save her, the dream-givers marshal all their resources, focusing on saving the soul of Emma's tragically broken father. A brutal mugging leaves Grey Trace paralyzed in the hospital and his beloved wife dead. A billionaire inventor soon offers Trace a cure -- an artificial intelligence implant called STEM that will enhance his body. Now able to walk, Grey finds that he also has superhuman strength and agility -- skills he uses to seek revenge against the thugs who destroyed his life.  Four brothers Ibra, Elzan, Amar, and Ical attempting to collect money for their father's medical bills. Always in stalemate, the brothers eventually took a very reckless decision. While transporting a dying man to the hospital, two paramedics find a million dollars in cash sewn into his clothing. When the man dies, they decide to keep it, setting them on a path for a hellish night of violence and mayhem. Jay Zulkarnain is an assault leader for Malaysia's elite and deadly special force known as the UTK (Unit Tindakhas), and he and his squad of operatives are every terrorist's worst nightmare. However, a mysterious terrorist has framed Jay for the murder of one of his squad members, and has also captured his sister Dian, who is an undercover agent. To save her sister, Jay must race against time to unravel the secret and reason as to why this terrorist is trying to destroy him. A flu like infection has taken over KL which turns into a zombie outbreak as we follow three intersecting stories of the survivors fleeing for safety. The stooges are street cleaners who find some valuable bonds and return them to their owner. The man is so grateful that he offers them a big reward if they can find an honest man with executive ability. Their search leads them to a woman who's fiancee is honest, but he's in jail. The boys decide to commit a crime so they can go behind bars to find him. In prison the boys locate the man and help him escape, only to find out that their benefactor is a con man and on the way himself to the slammer. Spider-Man 2: Age of Darkness Once Upon a Time in the Northeast tells a story of a few young Northeast youth with totally different personalities, who fell into trap of a few Hong Kong villains. They outwitted Hong Kong villains using different plans. This comedy story is extremely funny and reflected how popular Northeast China Culture is. Sun Wukong (Eddie Peng) and Erlang Shen (Shawn Yue) come to the Immortal Mountain to cultivate their skills. They gain friendship, experience love and ultimately betrayal, growing throughout their life journey. Ray Breslin manages an elite team of security specialists trained in the art of breaking people out of the world's most impenetrable prisons. When his most trusted operative, Shu Ren, is kidnapped and disappears inside the most elaborate prison ever built, Ray must track him down with the help of some of his former friends. A police officer and her younger sister visit a ryokan located deep in the mountain that features a nearby hot spring that is known for its healing qualities. But ... the ryokan is a den for vampires. A storm is coming. No one could predict it. No one can measure it. Now one family must survive it. You can't come in from the cold. A violent man Rayudu tries to redeem himself to impress the love of his life, until he gets pushed into a situation that forces him to act. A rich businessman hires a team of vietnam vets to get his son out of Vietnam, but this group of mercenaries don't plan to go in Vietnam, they just want the money. They make a mistake by killing policeman "Brad Spyder"'s partner, and now he only wants REVENGE! Spanning nearly 40 years from 1925 to 1964, two Texas farm boys; straight-arrow Gid and laid-back Johnny fight over the affections of the beautiful and headstrong Molly Taylor, who consistently refuses to marry either of them. Emma le Roux just wants to go home for the holidays. Gentle, beautiful, pacifist Emma. She's made the trip to her father's farm a thousand times. Piece of cake. But not today. Today she will cross paths with members of a violent drug syndicate. Everything starts falling apart, and fast. At first they were driven by hate and revenge. Suddenly, it's survival.  When the evil Krad steals Santa's toy bag, he crushes the holiday spirit- and over time, the world's children forget all about Christmas. Now, a wide-eyed orphan and her band of friends will embark on the polar adventure of a lifetime, as they try to stop Krad from destroying Christmas once and for all! A new type of virus makes 'GIMP', the dead that eats human flesh, which results in leading 99 percent of human in the world ruined. In a school surrounded by fences against Gimps, seven girls lead school lives. The girls are the hope for the human; Nonoka, Moe, Emiri, Nagi, Akari, Karin and Miyu. They are only taught how to fight against Gimps, not knowing the world outside of the school and other than their teachers. However, the nightmare Momoka had have gradually been changing their lives. One day, Moe gets bitten by a Gimp during their training. This incident triggers Nonoka to have distrust for the school. Confliction with the school principal. In the end of the battle, finally, the girls will learn the fearful truth...! A young person gets hired to kill someone completely unknown, by someone equally unknown. Or is that true? Nothing is what it seems. A woodcutter goes about his work. Jones covers what he believes are terrorist attacks induced by governments throughout history, most particularly the 7 July 2005 London bombings. Born in Kashmir, Ummar was sent by his mother to live with his aunt in Malaysia. There, he becomes acquitted and slowly develops a relationship with Dayana, who is the daughter of a famous businessman. When Ummar finds out that his mother is dying from an illness back home, Dayana helps him purchase a flight ticket to Kashmir. What he doesn't know is that Dayana has also bought another ticket for herself due to her curious and adventurous nature. While there, Dayana learns the truth behind why Ummar was sent away and soon finds herself in the middle of a terrorist plot. A police task force traps an online predator, only to discover that the depth of his crimes goes far beyond anything they had anticipated. Yoddha The Warrior is the story of a warrior who rises to revenge wrongdoers, with Rahul Dev essaying the role of a antagonist. To protect his fortune, billionaire Zhixiong Lin gives his daughter Lindan a crystal necklace with a hidden USB drive with all of his overseas banking info. After a criminal syndicate manufactures a car crash that kills Lindan and sees the USB go missing, the investigation is further complicated by the emergence of a woman identical to Lindan.  Salyut 7, the Soviet space station, was orbiting Earth in unmanned regime. Suddenly it stops responding to signals from the Ground Control. Fall of this station, the pride of soviet science and space industry, would not only damage the image of the country, but also bring upon tragedy, probably with loss of life. Astronauts have to be sent to the station to find what caused the breakdown and prevent the catastrophe. However, nobody has ever docked an uncontrolled object in space. To this day this is the most technically complicated mission in the history of the world of space navigation. Based on a real warrior from Thailands Ayutthaya period, 'Broken Sword Hero' follows the heroics of legendary military general Thongdee. From the disparity as a young runaway to the toughest warrior among his people, a legendary fighter with unparalleled skills in Muay Thai and swordplay, fights for the freedom of his people. A dirty police sergeant and a drug kingpin try to clean up their own organization by murdering all the street snitches while attempting to frame it on two Lady Riders, who are trying to get revenge on the drug dealers that raped them. Meanwhile, a detective is on the trail of breaking down these dirty cops and drug dealers, and at the same time trying to stop the two Lady Riders from getting framed for murder.  Raju is a boy from India that has plenty of interests! Playing soccer, studying hard, and... saving the world?! To help his sister with her debts, John goes to a pawnshop when robbers rush in. John draws suspicion from the police and only escapes from them with the help of Bunny, who is a kid running out from an orphanage. John and Bunny, therefore, become good friends. Jacob, a bank manager haunted by a violent heist that took the life of a coworker, teams up with his ex-cop neighbor, James, to bring down the assailant. While the two men work together to figure out the thief's next move, Gabriel, the highly-trained criminal, is one step ahead. When Gabriel kidnaps Jacob's wife and daughter, Jacob barrels down a path of bloodshed that initiates an explosive counterattack and brings all three men to the breaking point. Natsu Dragneel and his friends travel to the island Kingdom of Stella, where they will reveal dark secrets, fight the new enemies and once again save the world from destruction.  In a lake high in the mountains of New Zealand hunter Gibbie Gibson discovers a plane wreck from WW2. When he tells it around, a gang of crooks follows and threatens him and his daughter, because they know there are 50 million dollars in the wreck. Helicopter pilot Barney helps Gibbie against them, risking his life thereby.  Batman and Nightwing are forced to team with the Joker's sometimes-girlfriend Harley Quinn to stop a global threat brought about by Poison Ivy and Jason Woodrue, the Floronic Man. At the end of WWII, the General De Gaulle decides dissolve all the French resistance networks that helped the allies. Only one was spared, the "304". Kept alive until today, it's mission hasn't change: fight the inside enemy. In 2018, this enemy is called corruption, lobbies and crooked politicians. Three siblings Danny, Art and Grace are now well settled with their respective families, in widely contrasting lifestyles. The one common thing that binds them loosely together is the love that their mother Dolores "Loleng" Rosales holds for all of them and her grandchildren, albeit expressed in varying ways and degrees, but always equally nurturing and self-giving. Much as they are held together by her, they are in turn separated by physical distance and the sad legacy left behind by their deceased, erstwhile strong-willed, patriarchal father. A rural family known for their bravery and generosity are faced with a unexpected situation that poses a threat to their good reputation. Directed by Randa Chahal Sabag. At the end of The Six Day War of 1967, two soldiers, an Egyptian and an Israeli, encounter each other in the Sinai desert. Two soldiers - one goal: Survival. A long lucky streak makes a nice guy the target of opportunists like his brother, his girlfriend, and some guys from New Jersey. Bir decides to save his crush June for his friend since he had promised to save her. Monster High: Ghouls Rule unearths an old conflict between "Normies" and monsters - and things are about to get scary! For years, students at Monster High were warned that Halloween was a night to stay inside and avoid conflict at all costs. But Frankie and her friends discover that ghouls and "Normies" once loved to spend the holiday together! The ghouls decide to turn back the clock and use the night to celebrate their individuality and show that it's okay to "Be Yourself. Be Unique. Be a Monster!" 2016 Telugu Movie A drama teacher's taboo relationship with an unstable student strikes a nerve in her jealous classmate, sparking a vengeful chain of events within their suburban high school that draws parallels to 'The Crucible'. A group of drug dealers want a man out of his ranch, but he designs a plan to defend his property placing his weapons in strategic places in order to fight them and keep his beloved land.  An ordinary book shop owner Manu, helps Nandhini to enter film industry, without coming into the picture. First student documentary by Thomas Heise.  In the story, the seasons have changed and it will soon be the second spring. Tatsuya and Miyuki have finished their first year at First Magic High School and are on their spring break. The two go to their villa on the Ogasawara Island archipelago. After only a small moment of peace a lone young woman named Kokoa appears before them. She has abandoned the Naval base and she tells Tatsuya her one wish. When terrorists plant a bomb on a commercial flight, the passengers aboard the plane must fight to keep the plane in the air and all the passengers alive: the bomb is rigged to detonate whenever the plane dips below 800 feet. Sathya Harishchandra, a young and whacky person, falls in love. The movie follows the love story of the young lad and answers if the prankster ever becomes serious about romance in his life. GOING CLEAR intimately profiles eight former members of the Church of Scientology, shining a light on how they attract true believers and the things they do in the name of religion. The modern movement in skiing is progressing more than ever, and it is hard to keep up with the stream. Field Productions has gathered skiers with all different backgrounds, but they all share the same vision about skiing. Yes, skiing is about taking risks to invent new tricks and styles, but most importantly to have fun. "Eyes Wide Open dvd" gives you both. The movie includes top notch skiing in deep powder, big mountains, city streets and terrain parks featuring many of the most talented athletes out there. Look out for many unseen rail combos by Tom Wallisch and Even Sigstad, bottomless powder at Mica Heli with Asmund Thorsen and Eric Hjorleifson, epic park heli shoots on the most beatiful places in Norway, JT Holmes and Eirk Finseth charging Lake Tahoe, Norwegian invasion in Montafon Austria, Jon Olsson shows why he is the best park kickers, and much more. Some parts of the movie is filmed with the RED One camera, which gives ski movies a whole new meaning. A case involving the disappearance of a pregnant woman turns into a personal one for the cop who is tasked with investigating it.  A man and woman meet in college and are on their way to a lifetime of happiness when their plans get hijacked. This is the story of how Ash and Pikachu first met. At first, Pikachu was disobedient towards Ash, but Ash only wanted to be friends with Pikachu. On the day they set out from Pallet Town, both of them saw a Ho-Oh flying and they made a vow to meet it. A small group of Catholics led by an ailing priest believe that Satan intends to become man, just as God did in the person of Jesus. The writings of a possessed mental patient lead them to Peter Kelson, a writer who studies serial killers. They think it's his body Satan will occupy. The youngest in the group, a teacher named Maya Larkin, goes to Peter to investigate further and to convince him to believe in the possibility of Evil incarnate. Other signs come to him as he and Maya them take a journey full of strange occurrences, self-discovery, and an ultimate showdown Join Bob the Builder and the team in their biggest build ever! Chanel Chiu is a deadly assassin who lives by a simple code - a promise must never be broken. She learned this from her husband of ten years. Dior Mok is a thief and equally deadly and she hates men who are disloyal, something she thinks her boyfriend is not. Alas, what they don't know is that they are sharing the same man but neither of them are going to give him up without a fight! New comedy by Portuguese director Luis Ismael. A dedicated NIA officer is torn between love for his family and his duty. On the brink of sacrificing his career for his family, he stumbles upon a plot with international ramifications. Does he stick to his decision to quit or will the call of duty prove too strong for him? Martin is a young Argentinean piano virtuoso and composer. For four years, he has been a patient of El Borda psychiatric hospital. Music filled up his life. Now he is trying to return to life outside the asylum walls, while working on his new opus, "Enfermaria". The story of the Indian immigrant community in Detroit, where a garage mechanic gets unwillingly involved in the criminal world as a getaway driver. A youthful perspective on the 1992 presidential campaign with a witty, cautionary message to young Americans to start participating in democracy or get the kind of government they deserve. Handsome Stranger has agreed to escort Charming Jones to collect her inheritance from her father. But Avery Jones wants the money, and hires notorious outlaw Cactus Jack to ambush Charming. However, Cactus Jack is not very good at robbing people. The film starts with a flashback. ACP Bose (Jagapati Babu) is a sincere police officer happily married and lives with his parents and younger brother Chandu (Gopichand). Chandu is a college student and he falls in love with his classmate Indu (Anushka). Enter Section Shankar (Yashpal Sharma), the villain who is notorious for settlements and land deals. He kills anyone who comes in his way and does not leave any evidence or witness behind. He takes a loan of 100 crores from a private bank with the help of a conniving DGP and a politician. He kills the bank's chairman in order to avoid repayment and puts the blame on Bose. Bose tries to stop Section Shankar. Chandu also gets into disputes with Section Shankar. The best-selling videogame, Hitman, roars to life with both barrels blazing in this hardcore action-thriller starring Timothy Olyphant. A genetically engineered assassin with deadly aim, known only as "Agent 47" eliminates strategic targets for a top-secret organization. But when he's double-crossed, the hunter becomes the prey as 47 finds himself in a life-or-death game of international intrigue. Two contract killers are hired by competing cartels to hunt down an elusive drug scientist. The scientist escapes, leading to a globetrotting chase and fight for survival. When his family is torn apart, Arjun sets out to on a journey to solve the mystery and seek revenge. A desperate 35 year-old Young-sil is more than ready for full time job. And finally she gets a call from National security department as an intern. But her joy lasts no long, soon asked to leave. Accidently she discovers a secret about her boss and she suggest a deal of full time job to help him; secret spy. This film is a glimpse into the life, love and the unconquerable spirit of the legendary Bruce Lee. From a childhod of rigorous martial arts training, Lee realizes his dream of opening his own kung-fu school in America. Before long, he is discovered by a Hollywood producer and begins a meteroric rise to fame and an all too short reign as one the most charasmatic action heroes in cinema history. Khel Toh Ab Shuru Hoga is a 2016 Bollywood action film directed by Kunal Singh and produced by Mahesh Narula. The film's story is about a bank robbery in which actor Ruslaan Mumtaz plays the role of a bank security guard, who ultimately robs the bank. A single father fights to raise his son, but accidentally gets superpowers that he uses to help other people. An urban Turkish teacher is transferred for political reasons to a backward Kurdish village in the mountains near the Iranian border. He is welcomed with distrust, but during that harsh year the mutual cultural misunderstandings fade away. Audrey and Morgan, two thirty-year-old best friends in Los Angeles, are thrust unexpectedly into an international conspiracy when Audrey's ex-boyfriend shows up at their apartment with a team of deadly assassins on his trail. Surya is a corrupt IPS officer and he misuses his power to gain monetary benefits in unorthodox methods. During this process he also encourages a local MP named Rudra Pratap who has become a huge headache to Agni. The reinvigorated elderly group that left Earth comes back to visit their relatives. Will they all decide to go back to the planet where no one grows old, or will they be tempted to remain on Earth? Unemployed and unemployable, Tony is a sympathetic recluse with severe social problems, an addiction to VHS action films and a horrible moustache. Occasionally he snaps and murder is the result... The International Space Station is now a prison - the ultimate black site. No one's getting out. And no one knows it's there. But when the imprisoned terrorists take over the Station and turn it into a missile aimed at Moscow, only a shuttle pilot and a rookie doctor can stop them. Their task is complicated by a rogue CIA agent (Scott Adkins) who has his own plans for the station and the terrorists within. Forced into exile by the English after being crowned King of Scotland, legendary warrior Robert the Bruce fights to reclaim the throne. A group of military elite from the U.S., Russia, UK, China and France join forces to fight an elite underground terrorist network. King Tezozomoc invades Texcoco betraying the trust of his allies with a surprise attack. The young prince Nezahualcoyotl will attempt to retrieve his father's kingdom from the hands of Tezozomoc. When his fiancee is kidnapped by human traffickers, Roman and his ex-military brothers set out to track her down and save her before it is too late. Along the way, Roman teams up with Avery, a cop investigating human trafficking and fighting the corrupt bureaucracy that has harmful intentions. Angusam is an tamil dramtic movie direction &amp; produced by Manu Kannan. The movie starring with new face Sooraj &amp; Jayathi Guha. Husband and wife swap roles for a week because each thinks the other has it easy. A one-sided examination of the rise, fall and return of the wrestler who had been known as the "Babe Ruth of wrestling." In 2010, Hulk Hogan made what was perhaps the hardest decision of his life: should he return to the wrestling ring? An undercover police officer attempts to take down a drug trafficking syndicate from the inside. Lalteen is a movie that illustrates the criminal activities of gangs and their way of life in the city. Guns and violence are daily rituals of gang members and innocent people are victimized. Lalteen visualizes the hardship when involved with criminals and the result is mostly terrible. A group of people try to survive an attack of bloodthirsty zombies while trapped in a rural Pennsylvania farmhouse. A cinematic road trip through South Africa. As a Dutch-South-African filmmaker, Saskia Vredeveld asks herself the question: 'did I become a racist, because I grew up in a racist country?' Therefore she embarks on a journey, from Cape Town to the heart of South Africa, to the towns whose 'white' names are about to be erased from the map such as Amsterdam and Rotterdam. What contradictory feelings does she have regarding her country? Is there still a future for the white people in the new South Africa? Two first-time filmmakers stop their lives to find out why rhinos are being killed for their horns. Carving out six months for the project, the women quickly find themselves immersed in a world far larger and more dangerous than they had imagined, only emerging from their odyssey four years later. An anorexic young woman escapes from a psychiatric clinic and meets a young man who wants to help. She is caught and returned to her parents, who are soon beheaded by a garrotting stranger making the rounds about town, apparently striking only when it rains. The orphaned young woman and her new lover launch their own investigation and are endangered when a link is discovered with the victims and a particular operation performed years before. With the arrival of electricity in the region under the British rule, the Odiyan clan that possesses the supernatural powers to assume animal form find it difficult to survive as they are ruthlessly captured and killed by the British. How the last Odiyan tries to save his clan with his stealth attacks, forms the crux. In the near future, 10 death row convicts are forced to compete in a virtual reality game that pits them against dinosaurs and each other. Two contract killer from Uttar Pradesh, Babu Bihari and Banke Bihari who are often paid to bump off the same game, cross each other's path and end up fighting with each other. A budding journalist passionate about ethical, noble, hard-hitting journalism understands the more flourishing ghetto of sensationalism &amp; news fabrication that the Entertainment TV Channel he belongs to, thrives on. When caught in a dilemma of whether to hold for a while or rise in protest, a situation forces him to make a decision that puts him out of work but... there begins his work. Life for the residents of a tower block begins to run out of control. Brian and Charlie work for a gangster. When the boss learns they want to "leave" he sets them up to be killed, after they help rob the local Triads of their drug dealing profits. B&amp;C decide to steal the money for themselves, but when their escape doesn't go to plan, they have to seek refuge in a Nuns' teacher training school. The honey-extracting tribal folks of Kadambavanam, a village in the deep interiors of dense forests, enjoy their peaceful &amp; humble lives with the philosophical company of their forefathers. Presence of limestone underneath earns the village some interest from unethical vultures. With multiple soft evacuation plans failing against the tribal resistance, they resort to uglier ways putting the villagers' lives into complete disarray. Can they withstand when payback time presents itself? Accused of murdering her husband, IAS officer Chanchala, is taken to a haunted house called Bhaaghamathie Bungalow, where police and CBI officials interrogate her to dig up dirt on a politician she had worked under. As she's left alone in the haunted house, spirits take control of her and IAS Chanchala transforms into an unrecognisable person. How this impacts her and everyone around her forms the crux of the story. Win is the only survivor from a black magic attack that has taken away his father's sacred amulet.  When he come back for revenge with a powerful sorcery, he is faced with a new powerful cult that help people to be wealthy but hide its roots of black magic behind the benevolent front.  He will have to destroy this organization before it ruins more lives and also his girlfriend's future In 16th century Java, after his parents are killed by a rogue martial artist, Wiro Sableng is rigorously trained by a benevolent silat master. She sends him off to capture the culprit, who now aims to take over the throne from the king. 'Power' Paandi, once a legendary stunt master who ruled the world of film stunts in his prime years is now content in living a peaceful life with his son and grandchildren. But he soon realizes that his acts that he thinks is normal and righteous, constantly irks his son who seems to taking their relationship for granted. One such overblown tiff with his son drives him to go do some soul searching, the outcome of which has many unexpected experiences. A righteous young man who helps everyone gain their rightful justice, gets recruited as an undercover agent to work on a high profile case that involves a crime lord working for a corrupt minister who also happens to be the father of his romantic interest. A local gangster in Madurai bids adieu to his past life. Years after, in his mid-50s, he falls in love with a young girl, which changes his life The death of a gang lord triggers a war between two rival gangs, and an ambitious hireling tries to figure out his place in the scheme of things. In medieval England, Merlin and King Arthur banish the evil enchantress Morgana and her son Mordred to the ends of the universe as Morgana vows revenge. In present day, Knights descendant Penn doesn't take much stock in the legends of his supposed ancestors, even as the descendants meet in Thailand to practice fighting. But when Morgana and her son return to earth, armed with alien technology and hell-bent on destroying every last descendant of King Arthur and his knights, Penn must to come to terms with who he was born to be, and bring together the new Knights of the Round Table to save themselves and the earth from Morgana's total vengeance. A masochistic cop, who hides her predilection from her cop husband, gets involved in pursuing a kidnapper nicknamed Harry for Harry Houdini An Andaman tribal who escapes from men trying to capture his people, ends up in the care of a spoilt, rich girl, who starts to fall in love with him. Dhairyam movie is about Ajay (Ajay Rao) a state level rank student who comes from a lower middle-class background is always in a financial crunch. Jen's romantic getaway with her wealthy (married) boyfriend is disrupted when his friends arrive for an impromptu hunting trip. Tension mounts at the house until the situation culminates in an unexpected way. Mild-mannered Clark Kent works as a reporter at the Daily Planet alongside his crush, Lois Lane. Clark must summon his superhero alter-ego when the nefarious Lex Luthor launches a plan to take over the world. An exploration into the nature of stupidity in Western society and its history of our perception of it. Nenorakam 2017 Movie Telugu movies got the highest ratings from IMDb users, Set during the last days of the Ottoman Empire, a love triangle develops between Mikael, a brilliant medical student, the beautiful and sophisticated artist Ana, and Chris, a renowned American journalist based in Paris. A male corpse with the Watchers' mark falls on a boat deck where a wedding party is in full swing. What is it - a setup or a foreboding for the team? Seems that a new avenger is in the game... A cop's pistol gets stolen and even as the search for it gets underway, it ends up in the hands of someone who uses it to rob a bank. Speedboat racing champion and multimillionaire, Ben Aronoff (Don Aronow), leads a double life that lands him in trouble with the law and drug lords. On New Year's Eve 1999 a construction worker suddenly finds himself starring on a TV Game Show that kills its contestants. The film revolves around the love story of a terrorist and his life . When Jack, a hit man from London, gets given his life back and the opportunity to save his daughter, it becomes a race against time to kill or be killed. This film has dazing cast Vijayakanth, Kushboo, Sobha in lead role, Manorama, Veniradai Murthy in supporting role. Triangle love between Vijayakanth, Kushboo and Sobha. Vijayakanth married to Sobha and Kushboo married to Nizhagal Ravi. Music composed by Music mastero Ilaiyaraja. Directed by Sunderrajan and released by 1990. An aging King invites disaster, when he abdicates to his corrupt, toadying daughters, and rejects his loving and honest one. Nutbourne College, an old established, all-boys, boarding school is told that another school is to be billeted with due to wartime restrictions. The shock is that it's an all-girls school that has been sent. The two head teachers are soon battling for the upper hand with each other and the Ministry. But a crisis (or two) forces them to work together. Weird yummy goo erupts from the earth and is discovered by a couple of miners. They taste it and decide to market it because it tastes so good. The American public literally eats up the new dessert sensation now known as the Stuff but, unfortunately, it takes over the brains of those who eat it, turning them into zombie-like creatures. It is up to ex-FBI agent David Rutherford and a kid named Jason to stop the spread of the mind-devouring dessert. Amid a coup, a North Korean agent escapes south with the country's injured leader in an attempt to keep him alive and prevent a Korean war. Brian and Charlie work for a gangster. When the boss learns they want to "leave" he sets them up to be killed, after they help rob the local Triads of their drug dealing profits. B&amp;C decide to steal the money for themselves, but when their escape doesn't go to plan, they have to seek refuge in a Nuns' teacher training school. A group of young men try to interpret their friends art, so they can save face and show support. An Indian Army officer is compelled to chase down his protege when the latter turns rogue and threatens to disrupt the country's government and army. A small group of town residents have to band together after a devastating ground invasion. As they struggle to survive, they realize they must stay one step ahead of their attackers, and work together for a chance to strike back. A young girl is raised as a killer in the Yanbian province of China. She hides her identity and travels to South Korea where she hopes to lead a quiet life but becomes involved with two mysterious men. Directed by Omar Kavur. Action-Thriller A teacher plays a mental game with some of his students. Based on a true story. Professor Mathew Idikkula who reformed the atmosphere of a college by developing a healthy relationship between teachers and students. The film reflects the goodness of the youth and the impact the students can have. 1921 New York. An immigrant woman is tricked into a life of burlesque and vaudeville until a dazzling magician tries to save her and reunite her with her sister who is being held in the confines of Ellis Island. Bruce(Ivan Brusa)and Luigi(Luca Zibra)keep fighting against aliens while "The boss"(Roberta Nicosia)tries to ruin their life again...will they save the world from the alien apocalypse? Tad Jones, the most awkward explorer, must rescue his beloved Sara from a millionaire who is looking for King Midas' necklace. A boy whose father is killed by a gangster seeks revenge. Sophie, a young volunteer, meets her kindred spirit in Roxie, a girl with a life threatening medical condition and a unique wish to meet Bigfoot. When a group of international criminals from his past kidnap his daughter, the world's greatest commando sets out for revenge in this action-packed parody of everything you loved about the '80s. The world is on the brink of catastrophe in a chaotic age where evil demons roam. In order to keep evil at bay, a mysterious organisation from the pugilist world emerges. A new constable and a young girl with a mysterious past are also drawn into this group, and the group embarks on an incredible adventure. A love story of Joy and Ethan, Filipino workers based in Hong Kong. Ethan, a bartender, is keen on romantically pursuing Joy, a domestic helper who is wholly dedicated to providing for her family. Felix's school is haunted again, only this time it's not the benevolent spirit of school founder Otto Leonhard and the nuisance he caused, but the hated and long-since dead Director Hulda Stingbeard. A coincidence causes the former shrunken and skeletonized school principle to rise again. When she manages to return to real life she almost defeats Otto Leonhard, manages to shrink Dr. Schmitt-Gossenwein and Felix' parents, and takes over the school. It takes Felix, Ella and their gang to set the levers in motion to save the school and bring Dr. Schmitt-Gossenwein and his parents back to their original size again. Inspired by Christopher Nolan, members of a movie viewing club decide to make a movie. They shoot the whole process and record it for a limited edition DVD. It is a super hero movie called THE DARK NIGHT. When the boss of a ruling Hong Kong triad is arrested and executed in China for counterfeiting money, mayhem ensues as the mob's leading contenders circle the throne. When their arch nemesis comes back into the light, cops McGraw and Higgs will do anything to keep Samir from completing his plan and achieving world domination. "Africa Light" - as white local citizens call Namibia. The name suggests romance, the beauty of nature and promises a life without any problems in a country where the difference between rich and poor could hardly be greater. Namibia does not give that impression of it. If you look at its surface it seems like Africa in its most innocent and civilized form. It is a country that is so inviting to dream by its spectacular landscape, stunning scenery and fascinating wildlife. It has a very strong tourism structure and the government gets a lot of money with its magical attraction. But despite its grandiose splendor it is an endless gray zone as well. It oscillates between tradition and modernity, between the cattle in the country and the slums in the city. It shuttles from colonial times, land property reform to minimum wage for everyone. It fluctuates between socialism and cold calculated market economy. A look at India's second confidential nuclear test series at Pokhran lead by Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam, during the time of PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee's tenure. Samhaara is a 2018 Indian Kannada action thriller directed by Guru Deshpande. It features Chiranjeevi Sarja, Hariprriya and Kavya Shetty along with Chikkanna in the lead roles When guardian angel Seth -- who invisibly watches over the citizens of Los Angeles -- becomes captivated by Maggie, a strong-willed heart surgeon, he ponders trading in his pure, otherworldly existence for a mortal life with his beloved. The couple embarks on a tender but forbidden romance spanning heaven and Earth. A battle-hardened army officer goes in search of his ex-lover's child who is mysteriously kidnapped. Neha reaches out to the only person who can help her with her plight, Ronnie. He goes deep into the underbelly of Goa, facing off against drug lords, menacing Russian henchmen, and blood thirsty animals. Daring stunts, chase sequences, air strikes, bomb blasts and other large-scale action sequences will be done with a bona-fide, larger than life approach, truly making it a spectacle. Eddie Lomax (Jean-Claude Van Damme) is a drifter who has been in a suicidal funk since the death of his close friend Johnny (Danny Trejo). Riding his motorcycle into a small desert town where Johnny once lived, Lomax is confronted by a gang of toughs, who beat him and steal his bike. However, Lomax is not a man to take an injustice lying down, and soon he begins exacting a violent revenge on the men who stole his motorcycle, with local handyman Jubal Early (Pat Morita) lending a hand and several area ladies offering aid and comfort.  In the distant future, mankind begin research on clones that live underground in search of lost genetic information. A grieving mother transforms herself into a vigilante following the murders of her husband and daughter, eluding the authorities to deliver her own personal brand of justice. Kallan Pavithran is in negotiation with God to save his great grandchild, who is the latest victim of the curse the Maker had imposed on Pavithran's successors for a theft he committed. Switch to Earth, two suspended cops Pappan and Joy are tangled in love and war. How the duo and Pappan's girlfriend Malu come out of the troubles make the movie. Boonie bears and Bald Qiang work together with secret primitive girl to smash a conspiracy to destroy old-growth forest. Major crimes unit detective Seong-jin arrests Tae-sung for petty crimes, but shocked to find out that he is the notorious serial killer. However, Seong-jin becomes doubtful of his identity as the serial murder case is investigated.  Jai, Lava and Kusa are triplets who get separated during their childhood because of small clashes. While Jai becomes an evil blooded criminal, the other two, Kusa and Lava end up as small-time crook and bank manager respectively. The twist in the tale arises when Jai kidnaps both the brothers and asks them to help him in his political growth. What is Jai's agenda? Why did he kidnap his brothers? How can the innocent Lava and Kusa manage the criminal Jai? Saamy movie is all about Arusaamy (Vikram) who is a Deputy Commissioner of Police of Tirunelveli who efficiently brings the city under control. Arusaamy arrives at Tirunelveli after being in exile for some years after being wrongly accused of bribery by corrupt politicians. At the outset, he pretends to be a corrupt cop by accepting bribes from the very influential Annachi.Later Saamy starts to rebel against him and the rest is about how he succeeds in overcoming the corrupt politicians. When a 747 crashes shortly after take-off, the sole survivor is the pilot. Virtually unhurt, he and the investigators look for the answers to the disaster. Meanwhile mysterious deaths occur in the community and only a psychic, in touch with the supernatural, can help the pilot unravel the mystery surrounding the doomed plane. Based on the 1930's comic strip, puts the hero up against his arch enemy, Shiwan Khan, who plans to take over the world by holding a city to ransom using an atom bomb. Using his powers of invisibility and "The power to cloud men's minds", the Shadow comes blazing to the city's rescue with explosive results. The working class twin sister of a callous wealthy woman impulsively murders her out of revenge and assumes the identity of the dead woman. But impersonating her dead twin is more complicated and risky than she anticipated. When his father dies, Terry (Gary Sinese) returns to the house where he grew up, planning to stay only long enough to clean and settle the estate. Yet something indescribable keeps him there longer than expected. Soon, he is reunited with memories and people from his past and his life is changed forever. Dee, the detective serving Chinese empress Wu Zetian, is called upon to investigate a series of strange events in Loyang, including the appearance of mysterious warriors wearing Chiyou ghost masks, foxes that speak human language and the pillar sculptures in the palace coming alive. Yu Chau is a cop who has gone so deep undercover within the triad. He can no longer tell which side of the law he's on. When he accidentally kills one of his pals in an operation, he runs off into the boonies to lick his wounds. Upon his return, he teams up with fellow officers Jim and Jackie to catch a triad Boss, only to unveil collusion with government officials at the highest level. Yu Chau once again faces the dilemma of taking the law into his own hands... A sketch artist for the police helps a witness recall who she saw leaving the scene of a murder, and discovers that the person is his wife. Not willing to believe she was responsible, he resketches the pictures so they don't look like her, and he begins his own investigation of the murder. Two friends, Anand and Vijay set up a business together but due to a misunderstanding, Vijay accuses Anand of cheating him and they break up the friendship. 26 years later, Karthik who is the nephew of Vijay, comes to India from abroad to help his family. However, Karthik also has a secret mission that he wants to carry out in India. What is Karthik's secret mission and is he able to help his family ?  A lackadaisical youngster falls in love with a girl from whom he'd gotten separated at a younger age. He goes through a slew of unexpected hurdles to win her love. Joe North is a London taxi driver who manages to get himself into any number of sexual situations with various women. A group of counter-terrorism agents are brought in to track down a man who was once the head of their squad, and is believed to have gone rogue. A squad of the Jiaolong Commando Unit - Sea Dragon, a spec ops team of the Chinese Navy, carries out a hostage rescue operation in the nation of Yewaire, on the Arabian Peninsula, and fiercely fights against local rebel groups and Zaka, a terrorist organization. After his sister's dreams are shattered, an angry youngster takes on fraudsters who have commercialised the education sector for their selfish needs. The Roman army abandons its siege of Jerusalem. Two Christian families face tough choices. Will they obey Jesus and forever walk away from all that is familiar to them? Their decision will mean life or death. This video portrays events described in the Bible that are historically accurate. For accuracy, there are scenes of fighting; however, the violence is not glorified but merely depicts the reality faced by first-century Christians. The Samurai Cop is here to kick ass and chew bubblegum, and he's already infringed on enough movies and cliches so he's just going to stop with that introduction right there. Yes, the cop they call Samurai has travelled to Los Angeles from a faraway land they call San Diego. Because it would just make no sense to have the movie take place in San Diego, or to have the cop be from LA to start with. Or, y'know, Japan.  Decapitations, explosions, poorly subbed in stunt doubles, mangled dialogue, prominent lion heads, and unfortunate banana hammocks abound in this extremely eighties-y nineties movie. Join Mike, Kevin, Bill, and Alfonso Rafael Federico Sebastian for Samurai Cop. An ordinary guy suddenly finds he has superpowers he can use to help his spirited daughter and the people around them, but he also runs into trouble in the process. Local KungFu 2 is an Assamese Kung fu action comedy film. It is directed by Kenny Deori Basumatary and produced by Durlov Baruah. It is the sequel to 2013 film Local Kung Fu. The sequel is based on William Shakespeare's The Comedy of Errors. A Ginga Kikoutai Majestic Prince movie with an original story. The movie is based on a true story about a repented gangster preaching the word of God and guiding his brotherhood to turn over a new leaf.  Chen once was the leader of the famous gang "The 13 Tsz Wan Shan", he lost his family, lovers, brothers and finally ended up imprisoned for his drug abuse and trafficking. After jail, he devoted himself to save the lost fellows and was selected as "The JCI Hong Kong Ten Outstanding Young Persons".  Being respected by the world, Chen is always asked to solve the most difficult situations between evil and good. People give him a nickname "The Fixer". However, there are two sides of a coin, Chen can work out any problem of others, but he does not know how to deal with his personal knot with his love, with whom he has had guilty conscience all his life.  Can he fix it eventually? When an evil spirit known as Pitch lays down the gauntlet to take over the world, the immortal Guardians must join forces for the first time to protect the hopes, beliefs and imagination of children all over the world. Charlie Kenton is a washed-up fighter who retired from the ring when robots took over the sport. After his robot is trashed, he reluctantly teams up with his estranged son to rebuild and train an unlikely contender. An ace police crisis negotiator, Chae-yoon, is called to the scene where her supervisor is taken hostage. Through the control room monitor, she is faced with the cold-blooded hostage taker, Tae-gu, whose demeanors are difficult to interpret. Against the 21-hour deadline Tae-gu has set, Chae-yoon tirelessly tries to crack the unusually calm perp over multiple video-calls. Eventually, the shocking truth begins to unveil. Don Wallace arrives at Slaughterhouse, an elite boarding school in the English countryside where the children of the wealthiest are groomed to dominate society. But the monolithic rules of the British upper class change when greed and recklessness unleash an ancient power hidden for centuries and future predators become helpless prey. Wu Di (Chen Li),Zhao Yali (Bingbing Fan),Gao Yuan (Leon Lee) and Ba Tu (Guo Mingyu) passed the audit and joined a legendary China Air Force Base.Liu Haochen (Jiahang Li) is Wu's friend,he is involved in the conspiracy of the internationally terrorist.After this the Chinese government discovered that there is a big conspiracy behind all these terrorist attack.The Chinese air forces have to destroy the entire terrorist organization and the responsibility to defense the honor and the safety of The People's Republic of China fell on Wu Di,Zhao Yali and other young pilot's shoulders.  The year is 3394. The solar system has been long destroyed by a strange alien race called Gauna. Now humans are barely maintaining population in their seed ships - the ones they also used to escape a thousand years ago. After several years of drifting though space, Sidonia, a seed ship with a population of over 500,000 people, is once again threatened by Gauna. Follow Tanikaze Nagate, a mysterious young man from the deep corners of the ship, and his friends as they try to strike back against these gigantic creatures and at the same time learn what they really are for the sake of humanity's survival. -MAL Busan, South Korea, 1970s. Lee Doo-sam is a small-time smuggler. After helping a drug gang to smuggle meth, he falls into the dark crime world. Quick-witted and full of ambition, he eventually takes over the drug underworld and starts to lead a double life: a good community leader during the day but an infamous drug lord during the night. The Kanto area and Kansai area are in secret tug of war. Descendants of ninja from Kansai harass Kanto area. One day, 4 female high school students from Tokyo transfer to a new school. They are descendants of ninja who are sent to protect Tokyo. Set during the Dutch occupation of Indonesia, two brothers, who were raised in exile, return home to seek revenge and justice for the murder of their father. A "Tech Savvy" Nigerian becomes entangled in a reality show mix up with Nigerian's most infamous Cartel...without even realizing it. Disaster strikes when a criminal mastermind reveals the identities of all active undercover agents in Britain. The secret service can now rely on only one man - Johnny English. Currently teaching at a minor prep school, Johnny springs back into action to find the mysterious hacker. For this mission to succeed, he'll need all of his skills - what few he has - as the man with yesterday's analogue methods faces off against tomorrow's digital technology. Featuring plenty of high-kicking, fist-flying action, this installment of the Kung Fu Theater collection presents Invincible Hero (1973), a martial arts classic from the vaults of Hong Kong cinema. Summoning his skills to defeat a troublesome local thug, a martial arts student (Barry Chan) emerges victorious. But when his enemy retaliates by trying to rape a female classmate, it's definitely time for a rematch. Chan Wai Lau and Liu Ping co-star. During the Edo period, a gifted swordsman was exiled from his clan when he questioned the misconduct of his leader. Years after, his dying wife wish was for him to go back to his clan. Shivaraj is a rich business man who has no feelings towards relationship. Nayana falls for him and joins his company. But he never reprocates her. He reveals to her that he hates relations and the word 'tomorrow' because one day his father said tomorrow he will return but never didn't. He learns from Nayana's father that his father (Dr.Rajkumar) had dedicated his life for farmers. He also does the same and succeeds. But he falls unconscious on his self created 'Farmers Day'. He tells that the day he was talking to Nayana he had a small accident and discovered that he had cancer which cannot be treated. As the film ends, everybody cry including Nayana who says that she knew about his cancer. A lazy law school grad adopts a kid to impress his girlfriend, but everything doesn't go as planned and he becomes the unlikely foster father. Wealthy playboy Sandy Benton falls for pretty but decidedly less wealthy neighbor Doris Lawrence. She rebuffs his attentions, but scheming golddigger Estelle has her own plans for Sandy. When Doris hears about Sandy's wild times with Estelle, she sets out to show him that she, too, can be a "modern" woman. Kaala Mandir is a story of an innocent girl who forced to work in the in the sex trade and when she runs away she is raped by her madams goons. A tantrik finds her body and infuses life into her body with his magic powers and the blessings of Kaali Mata. The girl goes out for revenge against the lady don and her men. The Great Battle of the Volga, focuses on the bravery and suffering of the Russian soldiers as they endure the tremendous attack by the well-equipped German army. A powerful and inspirational story of dedication, danger, fear, and the rare 'will' some of us have to defy all personal limitations.  Experience the fastest motorsport on earth through the eyes of five-time champion Scott Dixon and the Chip Ganassi Racing team. Filmed with an access all areas lens, 'Born Racer' follows the people who are passionate about the world of auto racing and asks why some individuals feel compelled to face danger and risk their lives in order to win.  Both action-packed and highly-intimate, it features an intense blend of up close and personal filming with never-before-seen spectacular, cutting-edge racing footage to explore a sport that defines the very people who inhabit it, and pushes them to the edge in their desire for success. Dedunu Akase  is a 2017 Sri Lankan Sinhala romantic film directed by Priyantha Colombage and produced by EAP Network Swarnavahini Production. It stars Hemal Ranasinghe in the lead role, along with newcomers Chulakshi Ranatunga and Shanel Fernando, both professional models. The music was composed by Chitral Somapala. It is the 1288th Sri Lankan film in the Sinhala cinema.  Supporting actor Dasun Nishan committed suicide on 27 September 2017, prior to the screening of the film.[8][9] The muhurath ceremony was held at Galadari Hotel, Colombo.[10] The film has received both positive and negative reviews from critics.[11] Taisho's father is a supermodel cat, and everybody believes that Taisho will be a supermodel as well. His family has great expectations of him, because he is the eldest son, but he can't bear all the pressure and runs away from home. Unfortunately, he has no clue how to survive on his own, having always been fed and pampered as a model cat. Taisho passes from one job to another, homeless, until he finds his place in a noodle shop, where he becomes a successful cook. A man in his mid-20s, still living at home with his mother and stepfather, puts all his eggs in one basket: the girl who works at his local coffee shop. The problem is, she has a serious boyfriend. As they become closer, the line between friendship and intimacy is blurred, and the situation forces both to examine where they are in their lives. Ranjana Ami Ar Ashbona (English: Ranjana, I will not come back again) is a 2011 Bengali language rock musical film by Anjan Dutt. The film won three national film awards in 2011 including best music direction and best feature film in Bengali. One day, while conducting such smuggling, they lose the transaction slip - a Rs. 2 note. The film "Dui Rupaiyan" entails their quest to find that Rs. 2 and save their necks, all the while saving themselves from local thugs, police, and their boss too.  Yakup and Semsa are Assyrians living in Berlin with their three children and grandchildren. Twenty-five years ago they migrated from Mardin to Berlin. One day they receive a phone call from Mardin. This unexpected call deals with their son Mikhael, whom they lost twenty-five years ago. All the suffering of the family is refreshed. Yakup and Semsa go to Mardin with their grandchildren, Nardin, who do not want to leave them alone. This trip will be the beginning of all their personal journeys. When the craftsman Yakup, who had not come for years, abandoned his village and saw his house looted; He will go after his house door. On his journey of finding the door, he will be accompanied by her granddaughter Nardin and the smuggler Remzi. A young blacksmith realizes his destiny when a malevolent demon bent on ruling the world unleashes an army of creatures on humanity. Explore the mysterious and dangerous home of the king of the apes as a team of explorers ventures deep inside the treacherous, primordial island. Set in a near future where mining conglomerates have turned Canada into a wasteland. Two brothers must travel the same road that claimed their sister's life in their quest to deliver mysterious cargo. En route they must contend with road pirates, rebel gangs, and each other. After losing the love of his life to a cruel Philistine prince, a young Hebrew with Supernatural strength defends his people, sacrificing everything to avenge his love, his people, and his God. A man dying of terminal illness receives an experimental body replacement surgery. He soon discovers that he has memories that are not his own along with superhuman powers. However, the dark history of the treatment becomes intertwined with his life as he has to survive and keep his loved ones safe. When a young girl is kidnapped by forces of evil, only an escaped convict can save her...and prevent the apocalypse. Captain Gang has died in a test flight accident. Dae-ik discovers a huge corruption scandal while trying to determine the cause of death. He reports it to journalist Jung-sook, but things changed in unexpected ways. After an unnatural event leaves mankind nearly extinct, a runaway girl and a rogue bounty hunter brave a dangerous wilderness to find a fabled sanctuary that can either save or destroy what's left of humanity. A group of military prisoners must fight off a terrorist attack on their prison which, unbeknownst to them, is a cover for a secret drone control facility. A woman becomes increasingly aware of her fractured past as a corrupt organization closes in.  When he's discharged from a military hospital, ex-GI Bob Corey goes on a search for his army buddy Steve Connolly. A reformed crook, Connolly is on the lam from a trumped-up murder rap, and Corey hopes to clear his pal. Tagging along is Army nurse Julie Benson, who has fallen for Corey. Federation trooper Johnny Rico is ordered to work with a group of new recruits on a satellite station on Mars, where giant bugs have decided to target their next attack. A young rape victim tries desperately to pick up the pieces of her life, only to find herself at the mercy of a would-be rescuer. When a worldwide plot to divert gold which was placed in central banks all across North America is investigated, Pierre Gauthier is summoned to lead the inquiry. Gauthier however is soon betrayed, and finds himself going head to head with the "capo" of Montreal Mafia. Mahabbat Pur Vice City  is action short film director by Juwel Rana Bharat, a graduate raised in London clueless about the future becomes the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh due to the circumstances. New to India and with no political knowledge he learns the ropes quickly and governs efficiently. However, while he endears himself to the crowd, he makes enemies out of the political class, including his own party members who create trouble for him and try to stop him from bringing in changes in the society. Grant MacLaine, a former railroad troubleshooter, lost his job after letting his outlaw brother, the Utica Kid, escape. After spending five years wandering the west and earning his living playing the accordion, he is given a second chance by his former boss. The film follows a romantic liaison between a young woman from Kiev, who is a supporter of the pro-European Maidan uprising, and a man from Sevastopol who joins the pro-Russian resistance in the aftermath of Maidan's success in Kiev. Dora Miller and her father together with Juan, a young half-breed, live peacefully at their ranch along the Rio Grande. Juan is in love with Dora and she is not averse to him. One morning while the little family is seated at breakfast, shots are heard outside. A party of U.S. soldiers has been attacked by Mexican troops and retreating as they fight, finally taking refuge in the Miller homestead. The doors and windows are barricaded and a sharp fight ensues. Juan, the half-breed, refuses at first to fire against the people whose blood runs in his veins, but at last infuriated by the sight of a wound received by Dora, he grabs the rifle and begins firing furiously. He is thus engaged as the Mexican troops break into the house and is captured by them and locked in an upstairs room. The Shadow Mountains, 1983. Red and Mandy lead a loving and peaceful existence; but when their pine-scented haven is savagely destroyed, Red is catapulted into a phantasmagoric journey filled with bloody vengeance and laced with fire. Patricia Arquette stars as American widow Laura Bowman, a young doctor who's unwittingly drawn into political turmoil while vacationing in Burma in the late 1980s, in this fictionalized drama based on actual events. Bowman initially left San Francisco with her sister (Frances McDormand) in an attempt to escape painful memories of her husband and son's violent deaths. But her fight to escape to Thailand could prove just as harrowing. It is the year 2077 and terrorist organization known as The Red Army Hammerheads now dominate the Earth. The fate of humanity now rests in the hands of The New Model, Ari Frost. Trained under the wing of Alex Rain, she must form an army of Cyborg Humans to take down the regime and regain control. After all, 86.5% is still considered human. The New World Order is upon us. The time spoken in prophesy known as the end of days is quickly approaching. Aquarius must face her fate, facing an unexpected enemy, a loved one. During WWII, a strong-willed 12-year-old boy tries to steer his vocationally and maritally confused father straight, at the same time striving to keep his honor while the gang in his new neighborhood bully him. An homage to the action films of the early 1980s, Cherry Bomb follows a young dancer and her quest for revenge against the group of men that brutally assaulted her. Seeing no justice coming from within the system Cherry enlists the help of her estranged older brother and some heavy firepower as the two siblings set out on a reckless revenge mission. Things start to spiral out of control when a mysterious hit man named Bull is hired to put an end to Cherry's bloody tirade. She soon realizes that there is more at stake than she ever imagined. In an effort to control the city the Mayor opens the doors to the Russian Mob. It is not long until he realizes they aren't going to follow his rules. To fix the problem he accepts an offer to set up the Russians and open the door for the Cartel. When the Russians find out they take the Mayors Daughter and then the real games begin. While Shekhar (Rajendra Kumar) falls in love with and weds Bela (Saroja Devi), the daughter of a wealthy businessman, Shekhar's sister elopes with a common thief whose family is planning to discredit her sibling. When an expensive necklace disappears, Bela's suspicions about her spouse put their union in jeopardy in this affecting film directed by T. Prakash Rao. The supporting cast includes Jayshree Gadkar and Shubha Khote. A cool-headed crusader for the struggling engineers, Raghuvaran faces the powerful and arrogant owner of a construction company Vasundhara Parameswaran, as they engage in a battle to win the corporate game. An enterprising youngster in a slum wants his people to lead a life of dignity, but has to take on an ambitious capitalist, who only wants to dominate his field. A husband and wife, who are poles apart, go through a lean patch after they start living separately. A young man tries to track down the killers who are plotting to murder his close friend. But there's more to it than meets the eye. A psychotherapist journeys inside a comatose serial killer in the hopes of saving his latest victim. When a new airplane that's equipped with a new computer that can fly the plane on its own, is about to have its first flight. But the son of the owner decides to upload more software, he doesn't bother to check if there are any viruses with it. And he also invites some potential investors to try it. So the plane appears to be working well but suddenly it veers off course and it can't be shut down. When the military learns of this and fears what if something happens if it's over a populated area; decides to shoot it down along with everyone on board. The man who built the computer whose wife is among the passengers thinks if he can get on board he might be able to shut it down and regain control of the plane. So the military using a new plane gets him on board. But what he didn't know is that both pilots are incapacitated so there's no one who can fly the plane. Based on a true story, the film looks at a young woman who escapes after months of being held as a hostage by ISIS, but finds herself imprisoned by her father who feels disgraced by her pregnancy. She manages to flee to Greece where she is hospitalized in critical condition. When Cleo - born on a very auspicious day in the Chinese calendar - turns 18, she finds out that the Chinese mafia murdered her father. Outraged, she goes to Athens' Chinatown to confront the killers but soon realizes that in order to take her revenge she first has to face her own dark destiny. Timothy Hughes (Adrian Lockett) returns back from War only to face tragedy. His brother has been murdered , and they have no witnesses. which sends him on a downward spiral of Violence along with his Uncle ( DSR legend, Big Tuck), while being pursued by a DEA Agent (Christian Petrovich) under investigation , who takes one last chance at a new life but digs himself deeper than he ever thought. - Meanwhile a young Hispanic youth (Alexander Luna) gets in over his head trying to impress a Girl , that takes him down a dangerous road to the Mexican Cartel. Unknown to all 3, their lives will soon Collide . From RISING upcoming Director JUAN SALAS, comes this 8X Award Winning Indie EPIC. WINNER of Best Feature, Best Director, Best Actor, Best Supporting Actor and Best Editing across several Festivals. Following the murder of his fiancee, Mitch Rapp trains under the instruction of Cold War veteran Stan Hurley. The pair then is enlisted to investigate a wave of apparently random attacks on military and civilian targets. A desperate family has exhausted all avenue's to save their gravely ill young child.....except one. They seek help in the form of a relic historian/adventurer (Kane) to track down "Buddah's Tooth", a relic believed to have supernatural healing powers. However to get to "Buddah's tooth", Kane must not only travel the globe but battle through a gauntlet of warrior gatekeepers who each hold clues to the ancient relic's location. Rajaratham is an Indian romantic comedy With his true love captured by the villainous Sheriff of Nottingham, the legendary Robin Hood and his crew of outlaws execute a daring rescue to save her. The lives of two brothers become a mess when their identities get swapped due to a supernatural power. An imperial guard searches for the truth behind a conspiracy that framed him and his partners. The proof of his innocence lies with a wanted woman named Bei Zhai... but will she reveal what she knows? In this intense prequel to BROTHERHOOD OF BLADES, the only thing he can truly trust is his sword. Two apathetic police academy recruits who become best buddies through the tough training together witness a woman being abducted right before their very eyes. As they were taught in the academy, they quickly report the incident to the police, but the police are in no hurry to jump on the case. So the duo decide to take the matter into their own hands and rescue the woman. Follows the murder of a money-lending masseur by an impoverished samurai. The slain masseur's daughter will also fall victim to his curse, so that she can become empowered as an agent of her father's vengeance. An anthology film following teenage runaway Rose, the world's greatest bassist Viktor, and the twisted duo of justice they form together. Grindsploitation 4 is going to be nastier than ever, more shocking, more gore, more blood. Killer faux grindhouse film trailers a homage to the video nasty era of films. A serial killer is murdering school girls, and a newbie cop has to track him down before the victim count increases. A hardnosed cop goes after a gang of ruthless dacoits who have been terrorising residents along the highway for a decade. Special Agent Alexander Connor is sent to investigate a house, from which a woman named Sandra has made numerous 911 calls. Things become more complicated than expected for Agent Connor, as he finds he must also rescue a police officer who responded to the home 24 hours earlier. Soon, Agent Connor will discover a horrifying secret; that Sandra is one of LUMEN CORPORATION's donors and has devoted her house to the corporation; a house which has been turned into a research lab for atrocious experiments performed on human beings.  Surya, the man who taught his people the art of dreaming and making their dreams come true, has now turned into their biggest enemy. People want him arrested and hanged as they suspect him to be a cheat, who has wrongfully run away with Rs.35, 000 Crores. But can Surya deceive and cheat the ones whom he has lived for? This question is answered in 'Boss 2', and the process is filled with excitement, thrill, shock, emotions and, last but not the least, action. The widow of a famed general teams up with an impostor posing as her late husband and schemes to steal the secrets of an elderly master swordsman. Their plans are complicated by the master's grandson, who is himself torn between his filial duty and the affections of his adopted sister. Sam Flynn, the tech-savvy and daring son of Kevin Flynn, investigates his father's disappearance and is pulled into The Grid. With the help of a mysterious program named Quorra, Sam quests to stop evil dictator Clu from crossing into the real world. After spending a stint locked up Jake returns home to find himself teaming up with Mack Terrors group of vigilantes in an effort to to save the girl and the city he loves, from a band of evil neo-nazi. When U.S. B-24 bomber pilot Clair Cline is shot down and captured in northern Germany, one war ends and another begins -- to keep hope alive. Now behind Nazi barbed wire and oppression, Cline and his fellow POW's must find a way to bond together to not just survive but transcend their captivity. Inspired by true events. An unconventional undercover Chicago cop and his partner are recruited to commit the murder of a New Orleans criminal kingpin. Sathya Harishchandra, a young and whacky person, falls in love. The movie follows the love story of the young lad and answers if the prankster ever becomes serious about romance in his life. An unofficial sequel to Streets of Fire, this movie follows an older, grizzled and despondent Cody as he clashes with killers while trying to reconnect with his first love who may hold his redemption. Two engineering dropouts stumble upon the activities of a corrupt education minister owning engineering colleges and expose him. The minister wants revenge and launches a manhunt for them. The cat-and-mouse game begins... Mike is a fun-loving youngster who falls for Sowmya. At one point, the elope from their houses only to get married with the help of their friends. Things turn an ugly turn, when Mike runs a the ruthless serial killer Pasupathy on the wrong side.  Pasupathy and his associates who take them as his hostages and start torturing the young couple. Meanwhile the city police led by senior officer Jayaprkash are entrusted with the job of eliminating Pasupathy. What happens in their lives forms the rest. A low-level hotel worker gets involved in a street fighting racket on the advice of a compulsive gambler. When the duo realise they have been duped by the gangster controlling the racket, they decided to rob him... Two lorry driver friends escapes to Chennai afraid of a loan shark and they try to earn quick money to settle the loan they borrowed. Quick money comes along with the trouble. How they handled that trouble? and how they settled the money? Two children raised by single parents want to enjoy the happiness of a complete family. To achieve this, they try to unite their parents, but end up in trouble. An adventurous youngster sets out in search of a precious stone, somewhere in the forests of north east, accompanied by an archaeological survey team A hardcore American racist skinhead who, because of his intelligence, leads a gang dedicated to fighting the enemy: the supposed American-Jewish conspiracy for domination. However, he's hiding a secret: he's Jewish-born, a brilliant scholar whose questioning of the tenets of his faith has left him angry and confused, turning against those who he thinks have a tragic history of their own making. An evil ninja Rider named Fuma appears from the virtual reality world in an effort to conquer Earth! It is up to the CR Riders to use the power of virtual reality gaming to save the day! Harman had heard that love makes life wonderful, but life had taught him that he has to make his life wonderful to get his love. Harman is a quintessential middle class male in love with ... Escape from Alcatraz tells the story of the only three men ever to escape from the infamous maximum security prison at Alcatraz. In 29 years, the seemingly impenetrable federal penitentiary, which housed Al Capone and "Birdman" Robert Stroud, was only broken once - by three men never heard of again. Rocky Mental is a nonlinear action thriller about the rise of a boxing Phenom who aspires for international glory but while he is at the threshold of sporting stardom, he encounters infamy. It is the story of a star athlete whose belief in his own invincibility makes him disregard the lurking threats posed by his own abrasive personality.  A series of targeted attacks on Rocky leaves the once indomitable fighter in a deep depressive, and semi delusional state. The perpetrators responsible for his losses, once revealed, ignite an unimaginable wrath in him. Rocky commits to retribution in characteristic flair, all along protecting those he has still left, and those he once cared for. The Popes are a family who haven't been able to use their real identity for years. In the late sixties, the parents set a weapons lab afire in an effort to hinder the government's Vietnam war campaign. Ever since then, the Popes have been on the run with the authorities never far behind. An action tale about Multilevel Marketing Scam and romance. Kana and her friends design a bottle rocket and launch it into space, even though it might not get there at all. However, just when the rocket is completed, a robot suddenly crashes into and destroys it, shortly followed by a pink-haired woman claiming to be a "Galactic Investigator". After blind man Walter Cooke (Eric Jacobus) prevents a local gang from shaking down his local grocer Gordon (Roger Yuan), Walter must reckon with the gang's boss Sal (Joe Bucaro). The stakes are high, but Walter's got an ace up his sleeve. Zed (Eric Stoltz) is an American vault-cracker who travels to Paris to meet up with his old friend Eric (Jean-Hugues Anglade). Eric and his gang have planned to raid the only bank in the city which is open on Bastille day. After offering his services, Zed soon finds himself trapped in a situation beyond his control when heroin abuse, poor planning and a call-girl named Zoe all conspire to turn the robbery into a very bloody siege. Ryuga Dogai returns to investigate a new mystery - the theft of Makai Knights armour. Among the victims are Ryuga's old comrades from the Volcity crisis, Takeru and Aguri. The three will face off against an enemy previously though defeated - Zinga. How the cinema industry does not respect the author's work as it was conceived, how manipulates the motion pictures in order to make them easier to watch by an undemanding audience or even how mutilates them to adapt the original formats and runtimes to the restrictive frame of the television screen and the abusive requirements of advertising. Followed by "Filmmakers in Action." Cody, a retired number one contender, is a straight laced working guy that doesn't look for trouble - but trouble seems to look for him. Cody has been focused on rebuilding his life after a tragic blow and is trying to stay focused on the present while trying to leave all his misfortune behind him. When unresolved issues come back to haunt him, Cody is faced with the decision of his life. Either avoid his past or come face to face with it. It's the ultimate decision to either pick up and leave again or prepare for his future ahead. A reformed gunfighter battles a crooked sheriff who used to be a member of his gang. A warrior is captured by Japanese forces and vows to revenge for his master's defeat. Cathy Mahone was once married to an Arab and they had a daughter. They have since divorced and shared custody of their daughter. But one day while on one of her visits with her father, he takes her to Jordan. Now the U.S. government cannot officially intervene. So Cathy hires three former special forces men, to go to Jordan and get her daughter back.  - Written by rcs0411@yahoo.com A young man experiences an internal crisis, on the night his mother dies. Goutham is a billionaire and his father gives him a year's time to enjoy his life to the fullest. The deal between the two is that after a year, he'll take over his father's businesses. The catch is that, beneath his seemingly perfect life, Goutham is clueless about what happiness or hunger feels like. On the other hand, Nanda, who hails from a lower-middle class background, wants to die rich and his father keeps criticising his aspirations.One fine day, Goutham and Nanda bump into each other, and since both of them are quite vexed up with their respective lives & they decide to swap their places to lead a new life for 30 days. A victim of the Boston Marathon bombing in 2013 helps the police track down the killers while struggling to recover from devastating trauma. The third movie about a Chinese special force soldier with extraordinary marksmanship. A friendship with a top-secret robot turns a lonely girl's life into a thrilling adventure as they take on bullies, evil bots and a scheming madman. A father brings up his baby girl as a single dad after the unexpected death of his wife who died a day after their daughter's birth. What snowboarding was. What snowboarding is. Where snowboarding must go. Snowboarding: For Me brings the OAKLEY Snowboarding story to life through the perspectives and experiences of the athletes. Their moving testimonials coupled with archival and never-before-seen action footage convey a unique position on the past, present and future of the sport that is both inspirational and thought-provoking. Filmed using state-of-the-art techniques and technologies, Snowboarding: For Me takes the viewer from the streets of Helsinki to the backcountry of British Columbia, from Hemsedal to Hokkaido. See, hear and understand the story of snowboarding in a way it's never been told before. A poet falls in love with an art student, who gravitates to his bohemian lifestyle -- and his love of heroin. Hooked as much on one another as they are on the drug, their relationship alternates between states of oblivion, self-destruction, and despair. Erin Bell is an LAPD detective who, as a young cop, was placed undercover with a gang in the California desert with tragic results. When the leader of that gang re-emerges many years later, she must work her way back through the remaining members and into her own history with them to finally reckon with the demons that destroyed her past. Shaun Russell takes her son and daughter on a weekend getaway to her late father's secluded, high-tech vacation home in the countryside. The family soon gets an unwelcome surprise when four men break into the house to find hidden money. After managing to escape, Shaun must now figure out a way to turn the tables on the desperate thieves and save her captive children.  Three more paranormal narratives, from the folks who presented "Scary True Stories":  The Gymnasium in Summer  House of Restless Spirits  The Hospital at Midnight Deep Shit is a musical comedy in which two prominent members of the punk rock band 'Brides of Mayhem' use the help of the devil to be successful, but thereby be thwarted by the jealous singer of a rival band. The result of their rivalry is disproportionate: the city where they live, is inundated by a flood. Constructed from over 500 hours of never-before-seen footage, this documentary centers on the career of celebrated football player Diego Maradona who played for SSC Napoli in the 1980s. A high school swim champion with a troubled past enrolls in the U.S. Coast Guard's 'A' School, where legendary rescue swimmer, Ben Randall teaches him some hard lessons about loss, love, and self-sacrifice. An undercover cop from the streets of Los Angeles must overcome the opposition to land his dream of becoming a counterintelligence agent in the FBI. Earth has become the Apes playground and humans are used for labor and sport. Mankind's last stand will come from Rebel Freedom Fighters. The cage door opens and the revolt begins in this exciting sequel to Empire of the Apes. But, Simians are deadly foes. An unfortunate event in Samrat's life puts him in a situation where he has to make a choice. A choice that very few will ever make. A choice to try and get back his mother's life.  At the SCRS (Seiko Cup Rally Series), talented young drivers hope to advance to the WRC (World Rally Championship).  Atsuhiro Hiyama (Masahiro Higashide) is the chief mechanic and an engineer at Supika Racing Factory. He is well regarded by his peers. His younger brother is Naozumi (Mackenyu Arata). He is an extremely gifted driver for Supika Racing Factory, but he is also a troublemaker. They continually argue because of Naozumi's reckless racing style. One day, Hikaru Endo (Aoi Morikawa) becomes his manager. --asianwiki On the day of the U.S. presidential election in 2024, a team of elite mercenaries embark on a secret CIA mission to abduct North Korea's politician in an underground bunker below the Korean Demilitarized Zone. However, they get caught in the crossfire which causes tensions to escalate to the brink of World War III. No Overview A 1985 Hindi movie. Surveillance expert Harry Caul is hired by a mysterious client's brusque aide to tail a young couple. Tracking the pair through San Francisco's Union Square, Caul and his associate Stan manage to record a cryptic conversation between them. Tormented by memories of a previous case that ended badly, Caul becomes obsessed with the resulting tape, trying to determine if the couple are in danger. Having died unexpectedly, firefighter Ja-hong is taken to the afterlife by 3 afterlife guardians. Only when he passes 7 trials over 49 days and proves he was innocent in human life, he's able to reincarnate, and his 3 afterlife guardians are by his side to defend him in trial. A group of refugees hidden aboard a container ship discover their passage to safety is not what it seems  After solider dies his son takes his place. When an arms deal on the Nepal India border goes south, a group of traveler's in a border hotel must band together to survive the resulting siege. In an alternative Victorian Age Gotham City, Batman begins his war on crime while he investigates a new series of murders by Jack the Ripper. After his girlfriend commits suicide, a man (Shinya Tsukamoto) becomes embroiled in gang warfare attempting to obtain a gun in hopes to kill himself. Iravum Pagalum Varum in an Indian Tamil film released on Mar 13th 2015 After the city's deadliest serial killer breaks out of jail, the aging Texas Ranger that put him away comes out of retirement to stop the monster's rampage, this time for good. Violence and hilarity ensue as the city is thrown into chaos. Harriet, a comic book artist with a secret, and her reckless BFF, Reba, take their '76 AMC Pacer on the open road and instead get a wild ride towards an impending nuclear apocalypse. Everyone hates Ward's wife and wants her dead, Ward (Donald Faison) most of all. But when his friends' murderous fantasies turn into an (accidental) reality, they have to deal with a whole new set of problems -- like how to dispose of the body and still make their 3 p.m. tee time. Scott Foley's directorial debut, also starring Foley, Patrick Wilson, Amy Acker, and Nicolette Sheridan, is a blackly comic caper about helping a friend out of a bad relationship by any means necessary. A deranged fan goes on a mission to kidnap the former cast of a 1970s kids superhero show in order to produce his own episode. The Prince of Darkness casts his undead shadow once more over the cursed village of Kleinenberg when his ashes are splashed with bat's blood and Dracula is resurrected. And two innocent victims search for a missing loved one... loved to death by Dracula's mistress. But after they discover his blood-drained corpse in Dracula's castle necropolis, the Vampire Lord's lustful vengeance begins. After a botched robbery, a local crime syndicate sends a rookie enforcer to take care of a loose end. When the hit goes sideways and his civilian girlfriend ends up missing, her brother, Rodd, a mild-mannered guidance counselor, conducts an exhaustive search through the city to find her. With the support of a martial artist instructor, Bruce, the pair consistently becomes overwhelmed by a violent outfit of criminals looking to silence them. However, Rodd has a mysterious and dangerous past of his own, and with the help of his friend, they formulate a plan to take on the organization in this nail-biting action thriller. Two men are wrongly arrested as being the accomplices of a most-wanted terrorist. How do they prove their innocence? Three strangers, who were cheated by a three-member fraud gang, hatch plan to take revenge on their leader, and go to his home around same time. All of them get the shock of their life when they find someone murdered at the home.  The true story of underdog boxer, Chuck Wepner, who gets a shot to fight the champ, Muhammed Ali. The Hong Kong police is hunting a counterfeiting gang led by a mastermind code-named "Painter" . The gang possesses exceptional counterfeiting skills which makes it difficult to distinguish the authenticity of its counterfeit currency. The scope of their criminal activities extends globally and greatly attracts the attention of the police. In order to crack the true identity of "Painter", the police recruits a painter named Lee Man to assist in solving the case. The Founding of an Army is a 2017 Chinese film commissioned by China's government to commemorate the 90th anniversary of the founding of the People's Liberation Army. A self-proclaimed criminal Theda Singh who's just been released from Tihar Jail is recruited by India's premier intelligence agency RAW (Research and Analysis Wing) to infiltrate the gang of mafia don Bob Marley  and ultimately eliminate him. Detective Kaniyan Poonkundran is hungry for a challenging case to investigate and the mystery of a murdered dog leads to a rival who could be the match for him. Santiago Sarka is the ruthless head of his own criminal empire in Los Angeles, and he doesn't feel the same way as his brother, Antonio. He owns the mayor, other city officials and high ranking police officers, controls the drug cartels and holds the city and its people captive. He senses an ominous shift is coming, and he'll put everything on the line to keep his brother out of the way. In Marseilles (France), skilled pizza delivery boy Daniel who drives a scooter finally has his dreams come true. He gets a taxi license. Caught by the police for a huge speed infraction, he will help Emilien, a loser inspector who can't drive, on the track of German bank robbers, so he doesn't lose his license and his dream job. A man takes revenge on corrupt officials. Jai Jawaan Jai Kisaan is a journey about Lal Bahadur Shashtri's glorious life. The movie begins with the various freedom fights in the country during the pre-independence era. A time where two groups ( Garam Dal and Naram Dal) had waged a war against Britishers with different set of ideologies. It was under the leadership of Gandhi ji that Naram Dal took on the Britishers and led a peaceful march towards independence. Lal Bahadur Shastri was a prominent personality in this group and has a huge role to play in the history of India's independence. However this dynamic leader had his own story to deal with during the initial phase of his life. A low economic background, untimely death of his father and a mother to look after...these were just some of the problems that gave Lal Bahadur Shashtri a direction in life. A corrupt police officer enjoys all the perks of being an immoral and unethical police officer until an event which transforms his life completely and forces him to choose the righteous path. Cannes Festival 1991 An ex-thief returns for the revange of his father's murder makes an intelligent plan to reach the killer, a godfather named as Ghost. During his robbery operations, he plays with the police chief who is trying to stop him. In his final robbery, he finds something different than what he expects, something bigger. A series of murders are happening in the city, and a cop realises that they are all eerily similar. Can he find out the link and capture the murderer before it is too late? Miki Takaraishi is a smart and beautiful 24-year-old woman, but her personality is not as good. She falls in love with Yuga Saito who is handsome and comes from a politician family. They see each other romantically, but Yugo Saito dumps Miki Takaraishi. To get revenge on Yuga Saito, she decides to run for prime minister. For her election campaign, she hires Toshiya Kadowaki as her campaign strategist. Kaya Cohen abandoned as a baby, and raised by her foster mom, learns she is the last remaining descendant of the Wing Chun bloodline. Now unconstrained by an official post, Steve Bannon is free to peddle influence as a perceived kingmaker, who some say still has a direct line to the White House. After anointing himself leader of the "populist movement," he travels around the U.S. and the world spreading his hard-line anti-immigration message. A couple that seems perfect is hiding big secrets from each other. They are all revealed after they meet a psychotic psychologist. A charming, suicidal druggie must obey his rehab-clinic's demand to lead a seniors men's group or face incarceration and lose the love of his psychiatrist's daughter. The life of Kayamkulam Kochunni, a famed highwayman who robbed from the rich and gave to the poor during the British Raj in the early 19th century Central Travancore. A gifted criminal profiler, Fang Mu was asked to assist the police in solving a bizarre campus serial killing. Working together with Police Captain Tai Wei, Fang Mu tries to crack down the murder cases, but he unknowingly gets embroiled in a battle of wits. 1950 - a young couple find out whether they are "ready for marriage". The storied high school football rivalry between two Akron, Ohio parochial powerhouses and the city that embraces them. Two school boys become thick friends after a shared life experience. They grow up and fall in love with two young women. Just when things finally seem to be going their way, tragedy strikes. A young couple who are so poor that they have to work as hired killers. The journey of a Punjabi Sikh boy who grew up during the chaotic, violent 1980s revolving around his chase for survival, equality and justice in order to protect and shield society and fight against brutality, crime and corruption. A police officer who's transfered in the police of Marseille gets assigned to take down a group of Italian robbers who drive the powerfull Ferrari's with the older niece of Daniel, a terrible driver who gets the legendary white taxi. Da Hua, Ah Chun and a few others find themselves involved in wild and dangerous adventures when they get caught in a showdown between the China Mainland Police and Hong Kong bandits. The story of America's most famous mobsters and their rise to power. Examine Al Capone's ascension through the eyes of his second in command, "Machine Gun" Jack McGurn. A group of swindlers unite to hunt down an infamous con man who was known dead, amid their hidden motives and deception. Based on the Resurrected Victims Phenomenon where murder victims come back to life to avenge the murderer, a prosecutor is suspected of his mother's murder. Orbiting above a planet on the brink of war, scientists test a device to solve an energy crisis and end up face-to-face with a dark alternate reality. The documentary follows Oleg, Andrey, and other long-distance truck drivers from all over Russia, who turned their outrage against the 2015 bill that required truckers to pay taxes when driving on federal roads into a 9 month long protest. It is a biographical feature film on India's Highest Wartime Gallantry Award - Param Vir Chakra winner Subedar Joginder Singh. He fought three wars (as per records) for India before achieving martyrdom in the Sino-Indian War of 1962 while commanding a platoon in North Eastern Frontier Agency (NEFA) (Now Arunachal Pradesh). The story portrays his character and motivation in the scene of battle. The story revolves around three smart boys who determines to outwit the villain and make their dream of becoming rich come alive. A cynical look at the life of a not so nice country-western singer, Maury Dann - played by Rip Torn in one of his most memorable performances. He ruthlessly manipulates every one around him to suit his selfish needs...he even gets his limo driver to take the blame for the death of a fan which he stabbed. Nene Raju Nene Mantri is the story of Radha Jogendra and the love of his life, Radha. His whole world revolves around her and he can go to any lengths to make her happy. But what happens when such profound love takes the shape of cavernous ambition? Happily unattached, the sexually voracious Leila satisfies her desires with a host of rapidly changing bed partners, unconcerned about the emotional consequences. But that all changes when she meets an artist looking for a deeper commitment. "Botoks" is intended to be a record of the authentic history of strong, determined and expressive physicians who struggle with life's decisions and problems: discrimination, maternity pressures, the pursuit of youth, the fight for the right to free choice and own views. Sardar Joginder Singh alias Sardar Saab (Jackie Shroff) and his younger brother (Guggu Gill) act as messiahs for the people suppressed by the rich, wealthy and powerful.  They do not shy away from taking law and order in their own hands. Due to the nature of their work, Sardar Saab sends his son (Daljeet Kalsi) to New Zealand, who meets Mehak Arora (Neetu Singh) and falls in love with her.  Daljeet and Mehak want to get married to each other and their parents before the rituals take place. Once Daljeet reaches Delhi, Sardar Saab is arrested by the police and he gets killed in a bomb blast.  How Daljeet avenges his killing forms the rest of the story. Is a coming of age love story that follows the lives of four school friends who are trying to figure out their interests and options after school. Exposure follows a rookie Detroit African-American female cop who stumbles upon corrupt officers who are murdering a drug dealer, an incident captured by her body cam. They pursue her through the night in an attempt to destroy the footage, but to make matters worse, they've tipped off a criminal gang that she's responsible for the dealer's death. In this corrupted world Youth have a lot of reasons to turn into criminals but when you have someone special you love there will be much more consequences that needs to be faced.Story revolves around two protagonists. A victim from World War II's "Death Railway" sets out to find those responsible for his torture. A true story. A young man with agoraphobia tries to get his sister married to the right guy. When things go horribly wrong, can he overcome his fears and ensure that justice prevails? Sophie's 18th birthday becomes a bloodbath when monsters descend upon her house, devouring the guests and killing anyone who tries to leave. To survive the night, Sophie must face her destiny: monsters are real and she's the only one who can stop them. A young woman in the Army must make tough decisions when her love for an older woman causes her to question just where she is going. Adapted from Deb Shoval's 2011 short film of the same name. A man wins the hand of a girl after winning in jallikattu, but her relative, who had hopes of marrying her, tries to cause a permanent rift between the couple. Following his defeat by Master Ip, Cheung Tin Chi (Zhang) tries to make a life with his young son in Hong Kong, waiting tables at a bar that caters to expats. But it s not long before the mix of foreigners, money, and triad leaders draw him once again to the fight. Tiezhu (Li) is a private eye recruited by the police to investigate the criminal activities surrounding action icon Yuen Bao (Chan). A long-time fan of Bao's, the asthma patient Tiezhu can hardly believe his luck when he saves his idol's life during a set accident. But as the two become friends and Tiezhu is brought in to reshape the sci-fi action film that Bao is working on, Bao's sneaky manager, Tai (Danny Chan Kwok-kwan), is determined to turn his action crew into drug traffickers. A deceased hoarder, reconstituted through technology, recounts a difficult childhood as inhabitants of a virtual world struggle to reconcile materialistic tendencies. A scientist leads an effort to understand the passage of time, but the data is unreliable. The question remains, what happens to our things after we are gone? In this video, materialism, emotional presence and the adaptive nature of human beings are broadly considered through the lens of time. The original Guess Who perform before a live audience in Toronto during their 1983 reunion tour. Included are interview segments which highlight each bandmember's solo career, and spirited performances of "Shakin' All Over," "These Eyes," "No Time," "American Woman" and more. A young married couple who are pregnant with their first child moves into their turn-of-the-century home where they discover that a great evil has resided there for nearly a century, unleashed by a previous occupant. A Malayali family winds up their business in Bengaluru and decides to return to Kerala. While driving down to Kochi, they get chased by a truck A mysterious and powerful being in the river catches the attention of the people living around it. A fashion photographer gets embroiled in a series of grisly murders. In the 70s, there was Merckx and there were the others. Ghislain Lambert was one of the others. This is his story, a quite simple one. The story of a modest Belgian bike racer. His greatest ambition in life? To become a champion. His greatest tragedy? Not having the legs his heart deserves. Gagan is very much in love with Sweety aka Janaki, a sweet-natured girl, ever willing to lend a helping hand to those in need. But she ends up rejecting Gagan and later finds herself in a situation from which there seems no escape. Why did Sweety reject Gagan and what does he do when he finds her in a dangerous predicame. A story about Fadil who fall into mafia world led by Taji Samprit and his son Wak Doyok. An incident causes Inspector Wahab and Inspector Shuib to suspect Fadil as Tiger, a professional assassin. In the meantime Yana who is a reporter that has done coverage on Tiger's assassination was stuck in the crisis that Fadil are facing. Though he is not a murderer, to solve the crisis Fadil lead the life as professional assassin and attack King Kong which is Taji Samprit's partner in crime who turns to become his enemy. Actions and comedies happen in Fadil's life as professional assassin in his way to clean his name and in finding Tiger's true identity. Can Fadil face all the challenges in his life? Who is Tiger and what mystery lies behind all this while? After his break-up, a short-tempered surgeon becomes an alcoholic and drug addict, struggling to redeem himself and get back onto the path of recovery.  After getting blamed for spoiling Christmas, the richest kid in the world wishes he'd never been born. Unfortunately, a wishing machine, invented by professor Keenbean, picked up the wish and made it come true. Now Richie finds himself in a parallel world where his only hope is to find professor Keenbean and the wishing machine so he can wish things back to normal. Written by Peter Huiskes After three hapless souls plan a big heist, things go hysterically wrong along the way. Universal Century 0079. Humanity has turned even space itself into a battlefield, and the Principality of Zeon forces advance after wiping out half the world's population by carrying out the Operation British (colony drop). In response, the Earth Federation Forces mobilize their overwhelming fighting strength to regain the advantage. The complex intrigues of the Zabi family... Sayla Mass, as she contends with the whims of fate... Hamon and Ramba Ral, who is now a pilot in the Zeon forces... Amuro and Fraw, leading peaceful lives at Side 7... a dark shadow falls across them all.  And the Zeon ace Char Aznable, driven by revenge, goes into action as the "Battle of Loum" finally begins. Based on the real-life events of Ops Kota Gubir I and II, where security teams from the 17 RAMD unit have ambushed several communist camps at the border of Thai-Malaysia, near Gubir, Kedah. When Elias van Dorne, CEO of the world's largest robotics company, introduces his most powerful invention, Kronos-a super-computer designed to end all wars-it determines that humans are the biggest threat and launches a worldwide attack on mankind. A small band of survivors must form an unlikely alliance to survive the greatest artificial intelligence threat man will ever know.  Raja is a blind man who's trained by his head constable mother to use his disability to his advantage. Lucky is the pampered daughter of a police officer and they're each other's whole world. What happens when Lucky's world is shaken by a goon Deva? How does Raja fit into this picture? MLA Mani: Patham Classum Gusthiyum is a Malayalam film released in 2012. It was directed by Sreejith Paleri and had Kalabhavan Mani, Lena and Vidya in the lead roles.[1] Kalabhavan Mani has also done the music and has sung all the songs in the film. The seemingly normal life of orphan Shinta Mizumura changes abruptly when a beautiful half-human Romanian girl named Lilith suddenly transfers into his school. Shinta discovers that Lilith is actually a vampire -- and he is the last living vampire hunter. 1937, Spanish Civil War. A man wakes up in the middle of a battlefield with amnesia. The soldiers of both trenchs do not recognize him, so nobody will help him. He is injured and his time is about to finish. In the middle of the 13th century, following the death of "The Iron Sultan, Alaeddin Keykubat," Mongols attack Anatolian Seljuks to destroy the last power against "The Great Khan". Allegiance or independence turns into an issue of debate among the Seljuk statesmen. A secret resistance is possible. A new and stronger state is not a dream. Emir Celaleddin Karatay, Vizier of Seljuks is to sparkle a nationwide resistance. His way is not predictable. Big Brother is a story set in modern India which revolves around a small middle-class family composed of Dev Sharma Sunny Deol, his wife Aarti Priyanka Chopra, his mother Farida Jalal, brother Imran Khan and sister Prachi. Although they lead a simple and peaceful lifestyle, an incident occurs that changes their lives forever. The family is left with no choice but to leave Delhi and move to Mumbai in disguise. They start life afresh and all seems well until the ghosts of the past surface again.  Things reach a point when Dev Sharma is prodded by his mother to take a course of action which not only avenges their plight but also take on the cause of the aggrieved in the country as a whole. The movement so created gets the support of the woman at large and the infirm who proudly proclaim him to be their Big Brother. The Scorpion King teams up with a female warrior named Tala, who is the sister of The Nubian King. Together they search for a legendary relic known as The Book of Souls, which will allow them to put an end to an evil warlord. The movie is based on a real historic event. During French's invading war against China in 1885, the French army took over Zhengnan Guan located in the Guangxi Province. Wishing to protect their beloved country, the 70 years old General Feng Zicai and his two sons volunteered to join the battle. The general understood it would be a difficult battle to win as the French soldiers held much more advanced equipment, resources and weapons. To show his devotion and determination, he brought his own coffin alongside with him to the war zone. He also utilized his experience with the Zhangnan Guan terrain to pave out strategies, made weapons applicable to their situations. These actions bolstered the morale tremendously, and prepared them well for the war. As a result, although the Chinese soldiers sustained heavy losses, they turned the tide of the battle and won. Derick Abraham, a fiery and dutiful police officer, continues to be the best officer until his brother Philip Abraham gets arrested for false murder charges. Will he be able to investigate the case and serve justice to his brother? Mission China is all about a journey or a mission of a retired colonel, who is appointed to rescue the daughter of the home minister of the state, who had been kidnapped by Lama, an extremist rebel making its establishment on the borders of China. After fighting his way through an apartment building populated by an army of dangerous criminals and escaping with his life, SWAT team member Rama goes undercover, joining a powerful Indonesian crime syndicate to protect his family and uncover corrupt members of his own force. A possessed Ninja doll teams up with a teenage boy to avenge the murder of a poor child factory worker. A story of a family destroyed by drugs and how they recover through their faith in God, love for family, and with the help of the group "DAD". Esen, a young man who has been expelled from his village, escapes with the daughter of one of the most powerful men in the village. Whilst being pursued, he is forced to fight for her hand in a battle that results in the destruction of a sacred totem tree. This puts the whole village in jeopardy, and it is up to Esen to redeem himself and save them all. A former police officer goes under cover in the mafia. Two inept, small-town Sheriff's Deputies catch an escaped prisoner that they believe was wrongly convicted. Gayce, a take-no-shit young woman, deals a hallucinogenic drug called "theta," facilitating an audience for her friends' all-girl rock band. When Gayce's friends are brutally murdered, she must solve the mystery behind the murders and protect herself from the killer. She discovers the connections between theta and the murders - and learns a terrifying truth. That the world -- indeed her whole reality -- is not as it seems. Do Not Resist is an exploration of the rapid militarization of the police in the United States. Opening on startling on-the-scene footage in Ferguson, Missouri, the film then broadens its scope to present scenes from across the country. 'Okkadu Migiladu' is the story of displaced Sri Lankan Tamilians who find themselves stuck with the tag of 'refugees' all their lives. The mistreatment they face both in India and Sri Lanka, with either country refusing to accept them as their own, forms the crux of the story.  A nurse is forced to spring a wounded murder suspect from the hospital when the man's brother kidnaps his pregnant wife and wants to make a trade.  Captain Shivaraj, an honest army officer, and his associates Guru and Viji kill terrorists to protect India. They learn that a corrupt politician is helping illegal immigrants settle in the country. Chitti Babu begins to suspect his elder brother's life is in danger after they team up to lock horns with their village president and overthrow his unlawful 30 year old regime. A marksman living in exile is coaxed back into action after learning of a plot to kill the president. Ultimately double-crossed and framed for the attempt, he goes on the run to track the real killer and find out who exactly set him up, and why?? In a California desert town, a short-order cook with clairvoyant abilities encounters a mysterious man with a link to dark, threatening forces. Jonard is an angry young man out to take revenge on his sister's killer. Miguel is an old and jaded ex-convict and a former hired killer looking for his wife. Together, they will be drawn into a violent world of killing and easy money, testing their friendship, and the values they hold dear as humans. Tarak, the grandson of a Bengaluru-based businessman who grows up in Europe is reluctant to visit India despite several pleas by his grandfather. All goes well for him until he falls in love with Meera, a selfless person who lives for the happiness of others. The two share a blissful relationship, however, things change when Meera poses Tarak a 60-day challenge to prove his real love for her. To prove his love, Tarak accepts and as part of the challenge visits India and soon finds himself in a tricky situation that would ruin his relationship. What happens next, forms the crux. Set in South Africa's rural Great-Karoo region in the 1950's this epic existential-adventure film chronicles the exploits of the outlaw John Kepe and the various individuals his escapades affected. This Robin-hood-esque figure would steal primarily livestock from the white settler farmers, terrorizing them for over a decade. Led by the hardliner General Botha, a mammoth manhunt ensues in the very mountain where Kepe was rumored to occupy a Noah's Ark like cave. This spectacle ingratiated Kepe in the hearts of the marginalized indigenous-population who turn Kepe's miscreant deeds into the stuff of legend making him a threat to the very fabric of the colonial society. Sew the Winter to my Skin is a thrilling, operatic ride into the heart of Pre-Apartheid South Africa and is a visceral exploration of the effects of the colonial displacement that sewed the seeds for one of the most viciously racist, political regimes in history. Undefeated boxing champion for 15 years faces retirement. One final bout... An underground fighting circuit run by an international crime syndicate invades a retired MMA champion's small, idyllic island hometown. Syndicate thugs brutally assault his wife and kill his best friend, leaving him with no other choice but to fight for justice. CN-2187, on a mission by Kylo Ren, remembers his life before he was sent into the First Order as he is reunited with his wife. CN-2187 has to choose what his identity is before he is trapped in a web of his demise, created by his lies. All the major DC superheroes are starring in their own films, all but the Teen Titans, so Robin is determined to remedy this situation by getting over his role as a sidekick and becoming a movie star. Thus, with a few madcap ideas and an inspirational song in their hearts, the Teen Titans head to Hollywood to fulfill their dreams. The Singh family comprises of Shamsher his step-son Sikandar, twins Suraj and Sanjana. They run a business of illegal arms and trade with the help of their friend Yash. Things get dramatic when Jessica meets Sikandar and the family ties are strained under each character's ulterior motives. A Chinese soldier arrives to America under the dying wish of his martial arts teacher and attempts to do right when he protects his master's son from a notorious crime lord. Fearless and full of laughter. Captain Sharky and his lively crew are off to exciting and frightening adventures where they learn that there is more than being the most fearsome pirate - being a good friend.  A man, Jericho (Mark Valley), wanders into a town and gets embroiled in a deeper mystery than he bargained for. A trio of female secret agents are hired to stop an ultra sadistic villainess and her all in latex S.C.U.B.A Squad frogmen take over the world with the stolen Diablo Death Ray Gun. A classically-trained martial artist goes to work as a debt collector for the mob. The job seems easy enough, until one "client" pulls him into a situation deeper than could ever be expected. Gorilla Grodd's time displacement machine transports many of Batman's worst enemies to feudal Japan, along with the Dark Knight and a few of his allies. A man discovers that he is part of a secret sect of magical beings who hunt down and destroy demons in the internet. A young man (Tone) finds a way off the streets when he is introduced to Chicago Style Stepping, his best friend (Dre) on the other hand cannot shake that street mentality. Tone has to make the difficult choice between his friend and his passion for dancing. No overview written Banesh Fene, a charming, witty and extremely sharp guy with daring nature and an uncanny knack for investigation who comes to Pune for a medical exam, witnesses a shocking incident. He suspects foul play and with the help of his friends Aajoba, Aboli, and Bhubhu, Banesh decides to investigate more about the incident. Soon, he realizes that he has walked himself into trouble as he has to face off against Appa, a cruel criminal. When three redneck brothers agree to help a woman save her son from an abusive father, they become targets on the run from an odd cast of characters. The fourth addition to the franchise sees the return of the army boys including Sergeant Ong, Lobang, Ken Chow and Aloysius, joined by a new female officer, as they are called back for in-camp training under the Armoured Formation of the Singapore Armed Forces. Hilarious situations happen when they are back training together and their military roles reversed. Their brotherhood is also put to the test when new enemy threats arise. A pleasant road trip takes a nightmarish turn for gemologist Sunny George when he meets with an accident. As his life hangs in the balance on the edge of a cliff in the middle of nowhere, Sunny must not only contend with the great adversity he is in, but the adversaries lurking in the shadows as well. Kamen Riders Build and Ex-Aid team up with the legendary heroes of the Heisei Generation - OOO, Fourze, Gaim, and Ghost. Tech entrepreneur Jimmy Van Horn arrives in China armed with an invention and confidence, only to learn that being American is not enough to succeed. This is the story of the shy Mongol boy Temujin who,during the 13th century, becomes the fearless Mongol leader Genghis Khan that unites all Mongol tribes and conquers India,China,Persia,Korea and parts of Rusia,Europe and Middle-East. Agent Scott Taylor is investigating an illegal killer online game called Darwins Law. Determinde to shut it down, he gets too close to discovering who is behind it all and suddenly he disappears - only to discover he is now part of the game himself. Now, Scott Taylor must somehow survive - DARWINS LAW. The movies will tell the story of the phenomenon known as "The First Summer of Love" that took place ten years before the first Eureka Seven anime, but was never depicted in full. The movies will then follow the main storyline of the first TV anime and contain new dialogues and scenes, revised footage, as well as a new ending not present in the original series. After a night of binge drinking, a youngster decides to invite a call girl home on the advice of his friend. When the girl ends up dead in his apartment in his absence, he has to track down the person who could have murdered her. A simpleton has to turn into a quirky, albeit miserly, don to save his legacy and his ancestral property, a movie hall. The story of Kariya 2 revolves around Kariya, a small-time local goon who is employed by an influential underworld don. All is well with Kariya until he falls in love with Janaki, which leads to several unfortunate events that change their life completely.  Wang Sheng, a Ming-Dynasty scholar who just failed the Imperial Examination, works together with his fellow villagers through many strange but fantastic approaches to change his hometown's backwardness and his own fate. He accidentally meets with a Fox Spirit and involves himself in a series of weird adventures, both physically and emotionally, only to completely change his own life. "The Rock-afire Explosion" is the story of a small-town disc-jockey, a struggling inventor, and an animatronic rock band, that quickly becomes an eccentric portrait of childhood memories, broken dreams, and the resilience of the human spirit. After falling off the radar for a few years, Maari is back in the fray doing what he does best: taking trouble by the horns and being a total bad-ass. This time around, he is facing off against a formidable opponent named Beeja, who would stop at nothing until he sees Maari's downfall. A happy-go-lucky-guy falls in love with the sister of a ruthless gangster. How does the former convince his lover's brother? A band of misfits are trained by a secret government agency bent on taking down a rogue set of villains, each with their own unique set of abilities and skills. Loads of kung fu action in this memorable tale you'll long remember! Young Cyrus Priello, an ultra-skilled Neapolitan graphic, can not find a job that satisfies and appreciates him. After sending the curriculum practically everywhere, he just have to send a copy in space. He will thus be able to work for an alien society based on competence and meritocracy. The lives of twin brothers Annadurai and Thambidurai change radically following a murder that the former commits. How does he ensure that his sibling regains his old life? In the midst of the Balkan wars, a squad of Navy SEALs attempts to unravel a long-forgotten mystery after discovering an enormous treasure trove hidden at the bottom of a lake in Serbia. Nani's brother and his friends are his world. But he shares a love-hate relationship with his sister-in-law Jyothi. What happens when Shiva threatens his family, is what 'MCA' is all about. The hottest reality TV Show in the world, "Lucky Stiffs", is about to get even more hot. Contestants from all over the globe try to win big cash prizes and fame by competing on the show against each other and survive the shows "stars".....zombies!!. However, there's a problem, a renegade contestant ("Mouse") is trying to expose the show as unethical and the show's producer's are grasping at straws to find Mouse. When all the producer's attempts have failed, he's left with one choice...to free "Jack" from a top secret Black ops prison and send him into the show. Jack has the kung fu skills to stay alive to find Mouse and bring her to the Producer......and he knows a thing or two about zombies. A group of former mercenaries reunite to plan an epic heist: boosting a truck full of medicine held by a foreign intelligence agency to supply a refugee camp in need. But when they find the truck is actually filled with stolen gold, the band of brothers realize they've been double-crossed by one of their own - and putting the situation right will be all out war. A snapshot of how people process and respond to crisis, choosing to do so looking into a camera. Kri-Kri fools his friend by pretending to be him in the mirror. Appalachian filmmakers join together to produce three horrifying, suspenseful, and strange tales. In "Pretty Girl", a young woman escapes a maniac kidnapper by fleeing into the Appalachian wilderness. Aided by a group of friendly hikers, she must escape the woods or face her darkest fears. "Man Vs Ghost" is the story of an over-the-top host of a public access ghost-hunting show and his sister, who fear that some "ghosts" may be following her home. Desperate for a season finale he can sell to the Travel Channel, the "Ghost Man" tries to cash in on his sister's paranoia to produce the perfect episode, but may get more than he bargained for. An average Joe is kidnapped and trapped in makeshift death match arena in "The Room". Forced to fight or be killed, he must find the will to survive against all odds. Three, 30-minute short films by filmmakers from Northeast Tennessee in the heart of Appalachia. Following Pentatonix on their sold out 2015 tour featuring behind-the-scenes footage, live performances and the making of their debut album + over 25 minutes of extras including deleted scenes, On My Way Home tour video, & more! To protect his sister and her husband, a man who is revered as God by his villagers takes on the evil men who are hell bent of destroying their lives. When Johnny is released from prison following a forgery charge, he quickly lands a job as a short-order cook at a New York diner. Following a brief fling with waitress Cora, Frankie develops an attraction for Cora's friend and fellow waitress Frankie. While Frankie resists Johnny's charms initially, she eventually relents when her best friend, Tim, persuades her to give Johnny a chance. NARAYAN is a simple man and a father, living a simple life, and like all fathers, his son KABIR is his pride and joy. KABIR, is surrounded by friends and peers who seem to have it all, the great bikes, latest phones, fast cars and lots of spending money. All this and more given to them by their rich fathers. On the other hand Kabir's father, Narayan, cannot afford anything beyond a DTC bus ticket for his son. Seeing all his friends living this indulgent lifestyle, Kabir often feels short changed by his father, a traditional man, working as a simple Security Supervisor. One day Kabir's friends, who seem to be making a lot of money themselves, offer him an opportunity to make a quick buck. Egged on by desperation and greed for a similar lifestyle, an unsuspecting Kabir, takes a shortcut to making money, and soon finds himself in big trouble. Narayan fight to win back his son and also his dignity, honour and respect. A group of college kids on Fall break find themselves in a bad situation when they become stranded at the infamous Camp Blood. Growing up in a small town, Charlie, Alex and Nick weren't the most popular kids around after they formed "The Elite Monster Unit". Chasing notorious, mythical legends and ghosts was exciting to them, not "cool" to the other kids around. So they lived their lives on the outside of the "in" crowd. Making matters worse was Charlie's obvious crush on Brandy, one of the most popular kids in school and sister to one of the biggest bullies around. Trying to impress Brandy, Charlie accepts a dare from her brother Nick that says he and his friends must spend Halloween night in a house long rumored to be haunted.What seems to be an easy challenge quickly turns out to be a night of frights as Charlie, Nick and Alex find themselves in the fight of their lives trying to out smart (and outrun) their new nemesis, a ghost dog named Salty, who does whatever he can to make this the worst night of their lives... We follow four overweight police sergeants, Kan (Sarun Shinsuwapala), Yoi (Pramote Pathan), Ao (Supachai Supprasert), and Pleum (Somyos Matures), as they struggle with their weight and physical demands of being part of the Thai law enforcement.  A story about friendship and the social stigma of being overweight, Oversize Cops presents a balanced case between the importance of staying fit and embracing chubbiness. It's a shout out to all who strives to stay fit while assuring those who prefer being a plus-size. All that matters is the bonds we share with the people who are important to us. Jacob, a manager at a big financial firm, finds himself behind bars when he tries to save the woman he loves from being involved in a criminal case. The only way for him to survive and to escape was to break out of prison. How he plans and executes the prison break forms the crux of the movie. Recorded and broadcast by British TV (Thames Television) in 1980 with special guests Robert Goulet and Richard Clayderman  Bollywood 1974 In an endeavor to convert the traditional business into a big one, ambitious Baban strives hard to fulfill his dreams of prosperity, but the circumstances lead him elsewhere, which in-turn gives rise to a storm. upcoming movie  Superman The Power A team of professional hitmen take on a job that gets them caught between political agendas, cops, and a dangerous arms dealer. Alex and Reaper lead a team of highly trained hitmen who have seemingly quiet lives and full time careers. The balance between normal life and what they do on the side begins to take a toll on the team as members of the team start to look at life after and getting out while they still can. After the team eliminates a client, arms dealer Victor Maiden unleashes an unstoppable assassin known as The Ghost to hunt down the team and eliminate them. Pressed back into action, the team will come together once again to stave off the insurmountable threat while keeping their personal lives intact. ,,It used to be down to fate whether you gave birth to a disabled child. Today you can choose if you want to keep it or not." The results of prenatal screening can present would-be parents with a very difficult dilemma. Should a physically or mentally disabled child be allowed to live - or not be brought into the world at all? Who gets to decide what is normal and worthy of life? The filmic essay DIE DRITTE OPTION puts a new perspective on a highly controversial topic: while we listen to the statements of doctors, those who carry out prenatal screenings and the disturbing experiences of the couples affected, the visual level places the topic in a much wider socio-political context. Director Thomas Furhapter's debut film offers fascinating visual and acoustic impressions that tackle the core questions of birth, death, ethics and questions how far we should go when it comes to optimising our lives. The Mystery Inc. gang have gone their separate ways and have been apart for two years, until they each receive an invitation to Spooky Island. Not knowing that the others have also been invited, they show up and discover an amusement park that affects young visitors in very strange ways. Troubled teenager Scott aspires to be a professional drag race car driver. Scott makes several faltering attempts to break into the world of drag racing with the help of his affluent businessman father Jeff. Undaunted, Scott decides to spurn Jeff's advice by branching out on his own by going on the road as a gopher for a successful drag race car driver. A tale of people unfolds under the night sky. These doomed couples and lost individuals begin journeys and attempt to find resolution in their lives. Love is observed from a distance, sadness is in the air. With little sympathy for the loss and destruction caused to the characters, the stories progress and become neatly woven into a minimalistic portrayal of modern life. In a hospital parking lot, Officer Song Yeon-hwa is briefed about Park Pung-shik, an alleged gigolo who preys on rich housewives. One of his latest victims is the police chief's wife, who refuses to testify against him, despite giving him $30,000. Song is told to go undercover as a hospital patient in order to secure evidence leading to his arrest. In the hospital, she finds the mild-mannered Park and talks to him over coffee, where he mentions that he ballroom dances for a living. Song asks him why he came to become a dancer and he starts his story. This is a story of four friends &amp; school buddies. Out of them, only Ashim is an earning person, he is a doctor. Earlier, they started a Bangla Band, where Hari was the lead singer, but they were heavily thrashed by the public in a stage show in North Bengal. They decided not to sing any more. Then they started a traveling agency. On their first trip, they start the journey with only 9 passengers and a girl who later joins them. The film deals with their journey via Kalimpong. The ten passengers are of ten different types and also the four tour operators are of four different natures. As the journey progresses, their characters were revealed one by one.  'Assassin Behind The Glass' question whether 'snitching' is an honorable virtue, or a death sentence... Former Colonel Fernandez is appointed Minister of the National Anti-Drug Agency (SENAD) and purges the special forces to fight the first of many battles against drug trafficking on the border of Paraguay and Argentina. A father worries for his younger son and asks his elder son to promise that he will do everthing in his power to ensure Arun does not go astray, educates himself and becomes an independent man. However, fate has other plans. When Arun commits an unthinkable crime, his brother fulfills the promise made to their father and shields his younger sibling from all harm. When a gangster takes over the art of karate and causes unrest in a town, one man rises to fight against them. An upright Ayurveda practitioner is hounded by big pharma giants for his age-old formula called Vajra Kawach that cures everything from pimples to impotency. But how long can he keep this magic pill only for the poor? A group of seemingly unrelated individuals fight their way out of a virus-infested hotel, only to find themselves at a worse place than before.   Kanaka is a 2018 Indian Kannada romantic action film directed by R. Chandru. It features Duniya Vijay, Hariprriya and Manvitha Harish in the lead roles along with P. Ravishankar, Rangayana Raghu and Sadhu Kokila in key supporting roles. When one school teacher gets the other fired, he is challenged to an after-school fight. Ran Sayura is a 2017 Sri Lankan action film directed by Sudesh Wasantha Pieris and produced by J.H. Wasantha Kumara and S.A. Sanjeewa Kumara under their Mahee Tharu Films banner. The film features Wasantha Kumaravila and Roger Seneviratne as the leading actors and Himali Siriwardena as the leading actress.The film was released on 16 February 2017 in Sri Lanka.It is the 1269th Sri Lankan film in the Sinhala cinema. Life for the residents of a tower block begins to run out of control. A down-on-his-luck department store Santa Claus discovers the Christmas spirit. The film tells the story of Bruno, who drives his motor scooter through the streets of Buenos Aires, making deliveries to the premises of "Extraordinary Objects" of his uncles. His friends wait for him to start the weekend but an unexpected accident with a relative changes his plans. Bruno starts a weekend of adventures, which will involve a scientist, a girl with unusual beauty, a group of aliens who love human flesh and an eccentric modern artist. Eternal Wave Mi Zhan  is a Chinese film set during the anti-Japanese occupation era starring Aaron Kwok, Zhao Li Ying and Zhang Han. It follows the main protagonist Lin Xiang who is a spy working underground to reestablish what was destroyed ruing the Battle of Shanghai. He meets a simple yet patriotic young lady who becomes his partner as they infiltrate the enemy as a couple. Apart from that, they cross paths with Liang Dong, a man whose motives are unclear. Set against the backdrop of the succession of Queen Elizabeth I, and the Essex Rebellion against her, the story advances the theory that it was in fact Edward De Vere, Earl of Oxford who penned Shakespeare's plays. The Yorozuya gang returns to protect the country's shogun when the Shinsengumi police force finds itself in a crisis. The film -- executive produced by rapper Kanye West -- follows character OG, played by Damon Dash, in a saga that flips between his dedication to his family and honoring his street code all at the same time. Italian remake of the Mexican 2013 hit, "We the nobles" Plot unknown. A film crew led by stuntman Donnie come to witness a Gangland hit, and have to fight for their lives to survive the night. Two cunning and manipulative drifters venture into Farifield County, Connecticut looking to seduce wealthy and lonely housewives.  Big-city lawyer Casey McKay, is drawn to a small town by his ex-wife to defend her brother, accused of murdering a DA. He discovers a web of conspiracy that puts him face-to-face with the town's most corrupt land developer, Mr. Gates. On the dark streets of Draiga, a mining colony occupied by the Visray Empire, lives Azura, the last of a fearsome warrior race known as the Sarnians. After witnessing her once beautiful home world turn into a lifeless husk, Azura must fight to the death in the gladiatorial ring to stay alive. Meanwhile, a group of human freedom fighters form a resistance, seeking to try and protect their families from the oppressive and cruel rule of the Visray Section Commander Sorrentine. Unbeknownst to Azura, the fate of all humans on Draiga is about to rest in her hands. Can she survive long enough to save her colony? A rag-tag group of undocumented youth - Dreamers - deliberately get detained by Border Patrol in order to infiltrate a shadowy, for-profit detention center. Big Brother is a story set in modern India which revolves around a small middle-class family composed of Dev Sharma Sunny Deol, his wife Aarti Priyanka Chopra, his mother Farida Jalal, brother Imran Khan and sister Prachi. Although they lead a simple and peaceful lifestyle, an incident occurs that changes their lives forever. The family is left with no choice but to leave Delhi and move to Mumbai in disguise. They start life afresh and all seems well until the ghosts of the past surface again.  Things reach a point when Dev Sharma is prodded by his mother to take a course of action which not only avenges their plight but also take on the cause of the aggrieved in the country as a whole. The movement so created gets the support of the woman at large and the infirm who proudly proclaim him to be their Big Brother. Early Qing Dynasty, Jin guard(the imperial guards of Ming) assassin-ed into the palace of the general Li, won the Chicken Cup back. three hundred years later, inside a temple, the lead of Jin guard He Fan is dying to protect the chicken cup from the treasure hunter David Wong, He fan died in the battle, only survived is his son He Xingyun, the treasure got into the near lake. The story takes place in the year 2034, two years after the events in Ghost in the Shell: S.A.C. 2nd GIG. Female cyborg Major Motoko Kusanagi has left Public Security Section 9, an elite counter-terrorist and anti-crime unit specializing in cyber-warfare, which has expanded to a team of 20 field operatives with Togusa acting as the field lead. The Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) is a most dangerous zone in the world, which was established on July 27, 1953 when the Armistice Agreement was signed during the Korean War. And now in the DMZ... the struggle for survival of the female police who started to step on the landmine while chasing the jailbreaker. She only has Bluetooth, a revolver, and courage! Inspired by true events, this film takes place in Rwanda in the 1990s when more than a million Tutsis were killed in a genocide that went mostly unnoticed by the rest of the world. Hotel owner Paul Rusesabagina houses over a thousand refuges in his hotel in attempt to save their lives. Jake Carter and another former Marine, Luke Trapper, join forces to rescue a kidnapped girl from a gang of international criminals. Eager to win back his girlfriend, Kudin rushes off to join a gang of mat rempit, only to later discover that he is not welcome. It isn't until an Arabian scientist gives him a sample of magical petrol, which could turn his regular motorcycle into a "flying" one, that people start to notice him. With his fame increasing on the internet, Kudin's popularity starts to get to his head. His best friend Comel, who secretly has a crush on him, tries to lead him back to normalcy.  Seven kids will be called to be heroes. After accidentally finding out the plans of an evil corporation, the GadgetGents, to hack everyone's phones, these kids will have to defend their homes, their lives and the world. Luckily there is a ninja, a cowboy, a viking, two crafty sisters, two talented brothers and an Arsenal. Remarkable Shades of Gay is a compilation of nine short films shot by award winning LGBTQ director William Branden Blinn between 2008 and 2014. Included in the compilation are "Thirteen or so Minutes..." "Chased", "Never or Now", "Without A Mom", "Triple Standard", "Toeing The Line", "A la Carte", "Truth or Dare", and "He She We". Raj Malhotra lives with his mother, and comes from a very wealthy family. He meets Priya Bhatia, who works with a real estate agency, and instantly falls in love with her. A teenage student, who fails to live up to the expectations of his doting father, seeks the help of a few anti-social people to continue his education. Greg Stump's rockumentary-style ski film inspired a whole new generation of skiers when it was first released in 1988. Taking a look at the heroes of the ski world -- both known and unknown -- Blizzard of Ahhhs features some of the best ski action ever filmed. The movie centers on Hong and Yudi who share a history of street racing, from racing in small average cars to high powered cars. Years after they have separated, the two have been busy expanding their own businesses. One day, they coincidentally bump into each other once again at a street race without realizing that they are racing against each other. The made-for-TV Three Kings stars Jack Warden, Lou Diamond Phillips and Stan Shaw as three patients in a Los Angeles-area mental institution. Dressed as the Three Wise Men for a Christmas pageant, the trio is suddenly struck with the delusion that they are really their Biblical counterparts. As TV cameras grind away, the three ersatz Kings ride out of the Pageant--on camels--and into the mean streets of LA. As the story draws to its conclusion, the three escapees find themselves providing Christmas cheer for a group of homeless people on the outskirts of the city. Aaron Spelling's original story veers dangerously close to being devoured by its own cuteness at times, but Stirling Silliphant's script for Three Kings keeps the whimsy in check and the sillier events reasonably credible. While vacationing at a resort, an ornery and outspoken man is held captive by a criminal organization. Career criminal Youngblood Priest wants out of the Atlanta drug scene, but as he ramps up sales, one little slip up threatens to bring the whole operation down before he can make his exit. 'The Cyborgs' is re-telling the recent history of Ukraine - the legendary fight for Donetsk Airport in 2014 during Russian invasion. The freedom fighters from various divisions of Ukrainian army and volunteer battalions took a 242-days stand against the Russian backed militants until the complete destruction of the airport's terminal. 6th-century Scandinavian warrior, Beowulf embarks on a mission to slay the a man-like ogre, Grendel. It's the third edition of Saheb, Biwi Aur Gangster series where it's survival of the wittiest and the wealthiest. Will the royal couple Madhavi Devi and Aditya Pratap Singh live to tell the tale of relentless plotting, scheming and backstabbing? An adept spoof of cinema's behind-the-scenes experiences, Not Another B Movie combines frightening and disgusting zombies with frightening and disgusting hack directions to tell a hilarious story! With a cast that includes Ed Asner, Joe Estevez and David Faustino, it's an insightful romp through the horror film industry and the horrors of the film industry. John Wayne stars as U.S. Air Force aviator Jim Shannon, who's tasked with escorting a Soviet pilot (Janet Leigh) claiming -- at the height of the Cold War -- that she wants to defect. After falling in love with and wedding the fetching flyer, Shannon learns from his superiors that she's a spy on a mission to extract military secrets. To save his new wife from prison and deportation, Shannon devises a risky plan in this 1957 drama. It is a murder mystery which draws its inspiration from the real-life murders in Kerala and explores how a person can be framed and labelled a criminal, even if there is no solid proof of their guilt. A Harvard anthropologist is sent to Haiti to retrieve a strange powder that is said to have the power to bring human beings back from the dead. In his quest to find the miracle drug, the cynical scientist enters the rarely seen netherworld of walking zombies, blood rites and ancient curses. Based on the true life experiences of Wade Davis and filmed on location in Haiti, it's a frightening excursion into black magic and the supernatural. Loan shark Ginjiro Manda meets an old friend, banker Imamiya. Harassed by his manager and pestered about past mistakes, Imamiya commits suicide.  In the near future, the economy has collapsed and the country has turned into a ghetto. A secret agency, Gokuraku, has been created by the government. Secret agents Aya and Chinatsu's mission is to fight against one of the largest international companies, Kuroda Group. Secret agents are called 'Lady Ninja', and they use a traditional Japanese umbrella-like tool called 'sangoku' to defeat evil. "Diamond Dogs" is the story of a group of American fortune hunters, who come to China looking for a long-lost-treasure. During the Soviet crack-down on religion in the 1930's, a priceless Buddhist artifact, a Tangka was taken across the border to China and hidden in the mountains. The diamonds alone, decorating this huge gold-inlaid textile, are thought to be worth $50 million. The fortune hunters Kuntham is a Malayalam movie starring Sherin Malaika and Anjal Mohan in prominent roles. It is a crime-thriller directed by Niyas Yemmech with Ratheesh Vegha as musician, forming part of the crew. A billionaire Govinda Bhargav and his son are murdered with the aim of a hostile takeover of their company. But what his enemies do not know is that he has an heir that no one knows of. Gunned down in the snowy wilderness and desperate for shelter, Billy Cavanagh is taken in by kooky old lady Agnes, unaware that her isolated log cabin is surrounded by bloodthirsty skinless creatures hellbent on getting inside. Amar Saxena is a businessman, and the Managing Director of prestigious Khaitan Fans Ltd., India. One day while leaving from a board meeting, he meets a beggar named Jagmohan, who calls him ... A group of high schoolers try to spend their last night together before they Graduate but are interrupted by a KNOCK at the door. When they answer the door, they find a doll, and a clue telling them how to survive the night. At first, they don't suspect anything until it results in one of them being brutally murdered, leaving behind another clue. An all-too-real film on the country's current war on drugs, the film tackles the angle of the family members and community of addicts and pushers. New York in the 1920s. Max Perkins, a literary editor is the first to sign such subsequent literary greats as Ernest Hemingway and F. Scott Fitzgerald. When a sprawling, chaotic 1,000-page manuscript by an unknown writer falls into his hands, Perkins is convinced he has discovered a literary genius. Dr. Nawariyan (Dr. nvriyn) is a 2017 Sri Lankan Sinhala action, comedy film directed by Ranjan Ramanayake and produced by Ranjan himself with Flash Entertainment. It stars Ranjan Ramanayake and Ruwangi Rathnayake in lead roles along with Rex Kodippili, Sriyani Amarasena and Sarath Chandrasiri. The film has influenced by 2003 Bollywood film Munna Bhai M.B.B.S. A tenderfoot from Philadelphia, two misfit gamblers on the run, and a deadly preacher have a date with destiny in a boom town gone bust called Big Kill. A film crew discovers the "eighth wonder of the world," a giant prehistoric ape, and brings him back to New York, where he wreaks havoc. Lovro, a rocker from Pohorje, Dzon to his friends, a bachelor in his late thirties, has become victim to modern business machinations: after he failed to get his papers in order in time, the land that had been his family's property for generations came in the possession of the greedy mayor Fras. However, being short-tempered and as a hunter also a skilled shooter, Dzon takes justice into his own hands. Assisted by young journalist Alja he exposes Fras and his helpers. A lady cop takes interest in the case of a pregnant minor girl and her lover. But there's a twist in the case, and can she right a wrong, despite pressure from superiors? In a remote and dark place in the outback of Western Australia, the wanted man Leon Murphey (Ben Mortley) leaves his family in a bid to ensure their safety. While being transported by Captain Dalton (Michael Muntz), Leon's daughter is captured by the cruel Maitland (Steve Turner). The journey soon becomes a chaotic tale of revenge and murder within the ever-changing terrain of Western Australia. All Might and Deku accept an invitation to go abroad to a floating and mobile manmade city, called 'I Island', where they research quirks as well as hero supplemental items at the special 'I Expo' convention that is currently being held on the island. During that time, suddenly, despite an iron wall of security surrounding the island, the system is breached by a villain, and the only ones able to stop him are the students of Class 1-A. Geetha, Suni's wife, bears the brunt of his negligent lifestyle and often quarrels with him over it. After witnessing a gruesome accident, Suni and his friends find their lives taking some really unexpected turns.  Set in Ireland, a family moves to a new city neighborhood, taking residence in a large, old house that is rumored to have a dodgy past. Driven by the desire for the huge reward, Tang Ren (by Wang Baoqiang) tricked Qin Feng (by Liu Haoran) to New York, to attend the World Detective Contest,. Later on, behind the crazy competition, Qin and Tang discovered the real hidden facts of this contest. Narasimha is a man on the run with his one-year-old son. He reaches Kumbakonam and stays at the house of the village temple's dharma karta's house. But while there, he bumps into Gowri who seems to dislike him for some reason, despite being his childhood friend. A death row inmate Rami Reddy also seems to hold a grudge against Narasimha. Who is Narasimha and what did he do to make so many enemies? When their arch nemesis comes back into the light, cops McGraw and Higgs will do anything to keep Samir from completing his plan and achieving world domination. A group of people commit unspeakable crimes and are confident of getting away with it since there are no witnesses. But nature is witness to their crimes and when all five elements of nature combine to take revenge, can they survive against its wrath? Film starring Krishna Ghattamaneni, Rajanala and Mukkamala The film SAJJAN SINGH RANGROOT is based on true story about the Sikh Regiment, serving in the British Indian Army, during World War I. The movie depicts one such war hero Sajjan Singh, who is an officer in the British Army and served on the western front during the WW1 against Germany. Blake Redding is trapped in this dark room wanting to protect his love so the only thing he will do is escape like no failed student has done before. Director Franco Zeffirelli's beloved version of one of the most well-known love stories in the English language. Romeo Montague and Juliet Capulet fall in love against the wishes of their feuding families. Driven by their passion, the young lovers defy their destiny and elope, only to suffer the ultimate tragedy. After vanquishing the army of the Kauravas, the Pandava Brothers preside over Indraprastha, and Arjun takes a journey to worship Bhagwan Shri Shivji. It is during this journey that he will challenge Devrishi Narad that no one on Earth can instigate him to go against Bhagwan Shri Kishan. Arjun will soon have to mince his words when, on Subhadra's insistence, he will be compelled to take up arms and go to war against Kishanji in order to protect Chitrasen - who had inadvertently offended Sage Gabal - leading to Kishanji's decision to behead the former with his Sudarshan Chakra. The Giant Artificial Brain Gilbaris is trying to eliminate all intellectual life forms throughout the universe. Ultraman Geed confronts the harsh fate against a mighty enemy who withstands the power of Ultra Warriors' light. Ultraman Orb, Jugglus Juggler, and Ultraman Zero rush to the crisis! And the heated feelings inside Riku awakens Geed's Ultimate form - Ultimate Final! Under the leadership of the general commander Li Wei, the new generation of Bawanghua Xiao Qiao, Ah, Hao Ge and Yan pig successfully broke several large-scale cases, and became famous, and the limelight overshadowed the Flying Tigers under the command of Huang SIR. A Li, KING, Shantou and Black. The two teams began to look at each other and secretly compete. NATO bombs Belgrad March 1999. June: Serb army pulls out of Kosovo. Some Muslims believe they can now plunder, rape and kill Serbs in Kosovo. 5 Russians are to take Kosovo's airport from such bandits and hold it until peacekeepers arrive. A small-time businessman who runs a finance business at a local vegetable market enjoys the support of the local vendors and people in the area. All goes well for him until one day, he saves an honest police officer from being killed by a local gangster. Soon, a rivalry ensues between the two. Hitch, the most popular Rideshare app, has created safe rides for millions. At least, that's what they want you to think. It was only a matter of time before the story went public. The story of that one night. That one, horrific night. A policeman begins a revenge against a drug leader after the death of his brother. In his crusade take the help of a friends and the ex-girlfriend of drug leader.  A local toughie is hired as a bodyguard to protect a girl from the rivals of her family and becomes a natural target for her enemies. In the process, he ends up falling in love with her. An American in India befriends two journalists who are fighting for juvenile justice; her trip turns into a spiritual journey A don sends three criminals to recover a treasure buried by his grandfather in a village. A fourth criminal joins the trio en route, and they decide to hoodwink the don and share the treasure between themselves. Despite having serious anger management issues, Surya, an Indian Army officer is a brilliant officer but when anger takes control of him he is impossible to subdue. In spite of this issue, he achieves his goal of serving the country by overcoming the hurdles. Mina narrates the story to the audience. She is no more and her husband stays with their son in Singapore. They have no contact with her family as she had married against her family's wish. The Bouncer tells the story of Danny Martin a reluctant one man fighting machine tasked with cleaning up the roughest night spot in town without getting himself killed in the process.   Part 2 of 6 for the final chapter of Girls und Panzer series. When Gene, a maniacally deranged computer-game designer, gets dumped by his beautiful artist wife, he devises a masochistic plan for revenge. Taking his spouse prisoner, Gene locks her in her windowless Los Angeles loft but leaves her with something to keep her company -- a deadly mamba snake. Via electronic sensors and cameras, he watches with glee as his terrorized ex-lover fights for her life. "This film is about depression, although it's not that depressing. I suppose it has a message of faith and hope in it ... it does for me .... But then again my interest may not match yours. It was shot in San Francisco and in Central Oklahoma with a cast of one man and four women. Crushing emotions are indulged in against a massive meteorological background that brings inspiration and terror to the characters involved." A period drama set in the 1970s, KGF follows the story of a fierce rebel who rises against the brutal oppression in Kolar Gold Fields and becomes the symbol of hope to legions of downtrodden people. A new era is about to begin in Eastern Europe. Scythians, the proud warriors, are all but gone and most of the few remaining descendants have become ruthless mercenary assassins. Lutobor, a warrior who becomes involved in intertribal conflicts, sets off on a perilous journey to save his family guided by a captive Scythian. Portraying two sides of life in our society through a day of a lonely old man,who lives with his nostalgia in a busy hedonist world around. A gunfighting stranger comes to the small settlement of Lago. After gunning down three gunmen who tried to kill him, the townsfolk decide to hire the Stranger to hold off three outlaws who are on their way.  With nothing off-limits, David Cross is unapologetic, insightful, and biting in his Netflix original stand-up comedy special, MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. Filmed live at The Paramount Theatre in Austin, TX, Cross takes aim the current political landscape. Pakka Plan 2016 Telugu Movie Join Director Jay Schweitzer on a historical journey across the globe that documents the most progressive dirt bike riding of all time. Chaitanya and Anu are neighbours who fall for each other. However their path towards marriage is far from easy. A haughty would-be mother-in-law complicates the proceedings. The couple put up a united front to clear their roadblocks. The Argentine-Paraguay coproduction. Inspired by true events, the shocking story of London's most feared and notorious brothers Reggie and Ronnie Kray as they break Frank 'The Mad Axeman' Mitchell from Dartmoor Prison in December 1966. 1977 film from India in the Malayalam language!  High school girl, green was the leader of a female gang fight galore, of losing knowing since I was a kid, but it was unrelated to dominate the Academy as "Oniyakko-kai". Led by Ranko, Oniyakko-kai had to mediation as a "toy" to the president and principal of a high school girl in the back. By attacked by a principal, helped HARUE that has ran for his life from the demon guy Association, green day is made to wind up have a one-on-one battle and Ranko. One day an idol is bitten by a zombie and before she is taken into custody, she runs away. She only has 72 hours left until she becomes one, so she tries to find the zombie serum, but high school girl zombie hunter and zombies attack her. Will she make it to the destination within the time limit? A policeman gets killed and the short-staffed police chief sends for a few experienced officers to support him in his fight with organized crime. Meanwhile, a conflict between local gangster groups escalates. In 1921, six dead bodies were found near the Red House between Tel Aviv and Jaffa. One was the body of Y.H. Brenner, a brilliant author, the sharp critic of his generation, a man of ambiguous sexuality and the characteristics of a raging prophet; he was well known throughout the Jewish world. An official report, written but sealed shortly after these events, was discovered only recently. It features in this film, along with animated sequences by David Polonsky ("Waltz with Bashir"), conversations with Brenner scholars, rare period stills, and selections from his works. After a sudden explosion at Edge of Ocean island in Tokyo, Toru Amuro, codename Zero, begins to investigate. Meanwhile, private eye Kogoro is arrested as a suspect, so Conan Edogawa conducts his own investigation to prove his innocence, but Amuro stands in his way. A deranged serial killer known as "Clownface" terrorises the residents of a small town. Glenn Manning, "The Amazing Colossal Man," believed dead after falling from the Hoover Dam, reemerges in rural Mexico, brain damaged, disfigured, and very angry. Neel falls in love with a gangster's niece and things go bizarre when he finds himself getting involved with the underworld. A vigilante with a mysterious past becomes a one-man army in a crime-infested town as he takes the law into his own hands, at the same time protecting a young mother and her daughter. He sets his sights on a local kingpin, setting up an action-packed and fateful confrontation. Chandu, a swindler, falls in love with Shalini and tries to impress her uncle. When he manages to do so, she tells him that in order to win her over, he must mend his ways. A bloody power struggle erupts between three brothers who are vying to take over the family business following the death of their father. The film deals with four men who rob a bank to pay tens of millions of debts one of them to Iceland's most dangerous man, Gulla's car dealership. To help Arnari out of the pinch, his three friends decide to help him rob robbery, gripped and armed. What could possibly go wrong? The Junkyard Willie Movie: Lost In Transit is a rather raunchy and tasteless independent comedy film based on the Touch-Tone Terrorists prank calls CD's (as heard on Howard Stern and Crank Yankers on Comedy Central and MTV2). This movie also features Mary Carey (Sober House, Celebrity Rehab, California gubernatorial recall election candidate) and rock star Randy Ratchett (Toxic Sludge). Lost In Transit has received numerous awards, accolades and nominations including "Best Effort to Pilot an Aircraft While Intoxicated", "Best Lap Dance for a Nervous Hillbilly", and "Best Impersonation of an OBGYN." The Janitor's Guild calls it "A masterpiece", while Handicapped Boxers of America call it "Cruel and Unusual" The resistance of Ammar battalion in Abughoraib strait at the last days of Iran-Iraq war. Bahman and Ahad are bankrupted and escaping from their debts all the time. But when a fire in Plasco building happens it is their chance to take advantages. Two Iranian pilots are in a special mission to save the people of a Syrian city who are surrounded by the terrorists. But they have to face many challenges before manage to accomplish their mission. In a big city of Busan, twin brothers were left in the orphanage after the tragic death of their parents. Taeju, the older brother, becomes a cop and Taesung, the younger one, holds a significant position in the local gang. Their ironic fate adds up to have both of them love the same girl, Chanmi. As the feud between two different gangs surrounding the casino heats up, Taesung's best friend betrays him and places him in a trap. As police line approaches, Taeju comes to persuade Taesung to surrender but first they have to face the truth about the traumatic incident which caused them to drift apart. The film chronicles the life of Teja, a software engineer, who makes it his life's mission to make those around him happy until an incident changes his life forever. Suddenly, he transforms from a happy-go-lucky engineer to a revenge-seeking. lethal man. Two unlikely companions must smuggle four suitcases filled with contraband pork across Nazi-occupied Paris. Cody McGuire has just returned from an important doctor's appointment, only to find an attractive-but-naive artificially created man on her doorstep named Mr. Perfect. With the help of her best friend Jocelyn Christmas, Cody will have to find Mr. Perfect a new home before he drives her insane.  Tells the story of Jesus Christ at age seven as he and his family depart Egypt to return home to Nazareth. Told from his childhood perspective, it follows young Jesus as he grows into his religious identity. When Maria unknowingly falls for the man that killed the love of her life, all hell breaks loose. Veera Thevan Tamil Movie Starring Kaushik, Meenalotchani, Karate Gopalan in the lead roles. A school dropout tries to track down the men who might have kidnapped his sister. The lives of three friends, who get booked in a petty offense, turn topsy-turvy when they engage in illegal acts to overcome the hurdles they face. Disha and a group of school chums head out on holiday to celebrate their recent graduation. Disha's devoted uncle greets the happy group, and their vacation seems idyllic. But they soon discover that the serene country home is not as peaceful as it seems -- especially when the friends start dying one by one. Aman Sagar, Amit Panchori, Disha Vakhani, Satnam Kaur, K.K. Goswami, Mahesh Raj, Parthvi and Anil Nagrath star in this Hindi horror flick. A Hollywood studio executive is being sent death threats by a writer whose script he rejected - but which one? A woman is murdered and her neighbour is picked up as a suspect. Meanwhile, a journalist believes he can use this murder to lure an elusive gangster, with help from the guy's former accomplice. Patel S.I.R  avenges the death of this son's family by going on a killing spree. He vows to kill everyone that was the reason for the death of his son's family before his blinded granddaughter gets her vision back. Why did the villains kill Patel's son in the first place? How a sixty year old Patel does have his revenge?  Duniya Soori's Tagaru takes us on a bloody ride through the dark underbelly of the underworld and their clash against the police. Balu and his father have to protect a young man from a woman who has sworn vengeance on his entire clan. When her idyllic vacation takes an unthinkable turn, Ellen Martin begins investigating a fake insurance policy, only to find herself down a rabbit hole of questionable dealings that can be linked to a Panama City law firm and its vested interest in helping the world's wealthiest citizens amass larger fortunes. Tells a story about a group of special unit force led by Roslan, who has been trying to bring down a robbery gang led by a guy named Asyraff. A care-free youngster lands in trouble when he helps his brother to win the lady of his life. Yue Feng (Yue Song) is a young thug with exceptional streetfighting abilities. He will stop at nothing to defeat all challengers - until, in an tragic accident, he kills a fellow competitor and is sent to prison. Eight years later, Yue Feng emerges a changed man. He no longer fights, and is looking for a new life of peace and fulfillment. But it's brutal on the streets, and redemption doesn't come easy. His brotherhood is destroyed, family members murdered, and a loved one humiliated - a deadly chain reaction that leaves him no choice but to unleash his power in the name of justice. Drifting aimlessly through life, Kaisi (Li Yi Feng) has racked up debts of several million having borrowed money from his friends. Lured with the promise of writing it all off, Kaisi leaves his ailing mother and childhood sweetheart Qing (Zhou Dongyu) to board the ship Destiny and attend a gambling party controlled by the mysterious Anderson (Michael Douglas).  All players join the game with stars. For each game they lose, their opponent captures a star. Everyone is holding daggers behind their backs plotting dirty means by which to overcome their opponents. The game quickly deteriorates into a slaughter and Kaisi must battle save his own skin... Imants Veide is writing a script about con artists and their schemes. Together with his friend Harijs Kuharjonoks he's trying them out for real for greater authenticity, but gets too entangled in real criminal schemes. More and more colorful characters appear on the horizon, but Imant's main adversary on the road to criminal excellency is his Neighbour, a true iron lady with balls bigger than all those involved combined. After the events of Cross Cut, actors Sean and Ginger attempt to leave the entertainment industry but quickly become entangled in another dangerous plot twist. Up and coming screenwriter Chip Long and his understudy, Zane, contrive a new narrative that will soon throw the two actors into a fictional maelstrom of fistfights, chases, vigilante priests, nun assassins and underground metal. As Ginger resists the urge to sign with Chip at Sean's insistence, Sean becomes a scribe of his own to enter battle with Chip over an epic yet impromptu script spanning from Texas to Disneyland. As the writers come head to head via their competing visions, only one author can claim victory as real bodies begin to pile up and fact and fiction become more and more blurred in this darkly comical and fantastic adventure. An exploration of the dead-ends in downtown Paris juxtaposed with the endless roads of Russia, as a metaphor to the lives of their inhabitants. A musical of techno loops, boundless tracks of humans in transit. Earth is peaceful following the Tournament of Power. Realizing that the universes still hold many more strong people yet to see, Goku spends all his days training to reach even greater heights. Then one day, Goku and Vegeta are faced by a Saiyan called 'Broly' who they've never seen before. The Saiyans were supposed to have been almost completely wiped out in the destruction of Planet Vegeta, so what's this one doing on Earth? This encounter between the three Saiyans who have followed completely different destinies turns into a stupendous battle, with even Frieza (back from Hell) getting caught up in the mix. When huge bio-mechanical monsters descend upon the earth ready to destroy the entire city of Los Angeles, a whole new team of top notch "M-bot" pilots take control of their supercharged robot warriors and try to save the world from being reduced to rubble Vikranth plans a series of robberies on noted politicians. After a major robbery at his house, home minister, Nayak orders for an inquiry. To his shock, he comes to know that the man behind these robberies is Vikranth and why he has done all this. James Carr is a hotshot movie producer. His girlfriend Shandi is a hot commodity.  A romantic getaway, with plans of making her a star, goes awry when Shandi is kidnapped and forced into an underground adult film company called HIGHSPEED FLAMINGO, run by the eccentric Purple Hat Tom and his bumbling partner Bobby Lagoon.  Now with the assistance of a lazy bartender and sexy secret agent and rock star Genevieve Anastasio, it's life or death for James to save the day and get the girl in this lightning-paced action comedy! Joe Moore has a job he loves. He's a thief. His job goes sour when he gets caught on security camera tape. His fence, Bergman reneges on the money he's owed, and his wife may be betraying him with the fence's young lieutenant. Moore and his partner, Bobby Blane and their utility man, Pinky Pincus find themselves broke, betrayed, and blackmailed. Moore is forced to commit his crew to do one last big job. Mijaaj is the story of three youngsters, Jay (played by Malhar Thakar), Jhanvi (played by Esha Kansara) and Yogesh (played byRevanta Sarabhai), who are caught in the middle of a fight between Sarita ben an old lady, who owns India Lodge - a heritage property, and an MNC wanting to possess it. The lodge is a shelter to people from all walks of life, but when a local goon, joins hands with the MNC to evict the residents of the lodge, Jay, Jhanvi, and Yogesh make it their mission to fight against the goons and save India Lodge. Yuvaraja falls in love with Pallavi, and when pursuing her, he gets to know more about his past and his uncle who wronged him The famous Pink Panther jewel has once again been stolen and Inspector Clouseau is called in to catch the thief. The Inspector is convinced that 'The Phantom' has returned and utilises all of his resources - himself and his Asian manservant - to reveal the identity of 'The Phantom'. A group of three close friends, including Devi, Sri and Prasad live a happy life and when everything seems as well for them, a major car accident involving the popular heroine, Leela, changes their life drastically. Who is Leela? and What changes does her accident bring in the life of these friends, forms the crux. Tomboy and farmgirl Charlene "Charley" Wilson finds fun and adventure with her beloved dog Fuzz and tries to fit in to her small town, while her parents struggle with money and crop production worries. Shin-chan is all set to challenge Kung Fu in the Chinatown of Kasukabe city, known as Aiya Town.  He and the Kasukabe Defence Force are going to put up a totally no-stunt Kung Fu challenge on the stage. In a construction site under the full moon, construction workers dig too deep and inadvertently wake up Joe (Alex Lam), a vampire that has been lying underground for a century. Dazzled by the vibrancy of a modern city at night, Joe wanders around and runs into Apple (J. Arie), a jilted girl planning to kill herself. Eager for a taste of blood, Joe follows her home and helps her and her grandmother get rid of thugs sent by a real estate developer who wish to buy them off. What started as a battle for property turns out to be a battle among vampires. The story of Athiratha revolves around an aspiring journalist who helps the innocent and talented young students get a fair chance by uncovering the huge racket of question paper leaks and fake certification prevalent in the country. A pair of monkeys decide to break free from their human handler who ill treats them. While working in the Gaea Japan promotion in mid-90s, Ozaki formed the villainous Oz Academy stable with Chikayo Nagashima, Rieko Amano and Sugar Sato, eventually opening a training school under the same name. Oz Academy eventually started promoting sporadic independent events, featuring members of the stable and Ozaki's trainees, with the first event held on June 21, 1998 Written Churikatte is a 2018 Indian Kannada action thriller directed by Ravi Shivamogga. Southern Style kung fu was unsuccessful in defeating the invading enemy aliens. General Chen has no choice but to be go back in time again to the late Qing Dynasty to find the master of Northern Style kung fu and transfer his training back to the future. Unfortunately, the time travel causes Chen to lose his memory and he ends up working for the emperor Yuan Shikai and lost in time. Meanwhile in the future, the aliens army and strength grows by the day... A cop tries to bring a lot of positive changes in a city which is polluted by a goon's actions. The heir of a royal family tries to save his land and villagers from a greedy man. Psychotic Angela is itching to do what she does best: slaughter dozens of teenage campers. As luck would have it, the previous site of her murders has been renamed and converted into an experimental summer camp meant to bring together privileged and lower-class teens. On the day the youths are boarding the buses to camp, Angela runs over a potential camper with a garbage truck and assumes her identity. Once she has infiltrated the camp, the real terror begins. Humanity's desperate battle to reclaim the Earth from Godzilla continues. The key to defeating the King of the Monsters may be Mechagodzilla, a robotic weapon thought to have been lost nearly 20,000 years ago. Romantic action drama about the life of an easygoing youngster named Surya, whose life take some unexpected turns thanks to the three women he meets along the way. A boy's disappointing scores on the college entrance exam bring shame down on his family. Gunasingam, a family-loving farmer who hails from a small town, tries his best to keep his big family united despite him being misunderstood by many. Brace yourself for this mind-blowing battle against one of nature?s most deadly phenomena! Daryl Hannah (Kill Bill Vols. 1 and 2) is a dedicated scientist who reluctantly agrees to fly with a reporter... read more read more... (Dylan Neal, Blood Ties) on a routine storm-seeking mission. But they soon find themselves at the mercy of nature at its most awesome and destructive when a low-level hurricane off the Florida coast unexpectedly turns into one of the most powerful storms in America?s history. As the violent winds buffet and batter the small aircraft, knocking out the pilot, it?s a race against time as the pair struggle to escape with their lives and warn everyone about the fast-moving danger. ICAC Investigator William Luk and JFIU Chief Inspector Lau Po-keung both hit a dead end in their investigation of a bribery case and a money laundering case. In the meantime, William Luk was suspended when model Eva Ng went to Inspector Kenny Ching of ICAC's Internal Investigation Group L, to file a report against him for accepting a $12M bribe.  Lau discovered Luk was set up and whoever framed Luk was connected to his case. He began to suspect the bank manager Thomson Yau was assisting a gangster, Wong Hoi-wo in money laundering activities. When Director Hong Liang of China's Anti-Corruption & Bribery Bureau (ACBB) provided Lau with important intelligence, it became clear the money laundering activities were connected to a corrupted Vice-Ministerial Level cadre. To clear his name, William Luk put everything on the line... An army officer takes early retirement to protect his teenage daughter from the dangers of the of the world. However, despite providing extraordinary protection, his worst nightmare comes true and his daughter goes missing. Devastated, the parents desperately search for their daughter and uncover a mystery, which shocks them. The life story of the brave soldiers of the Pakistan Army, mainly the Pakistan Air Force. Outlining their lives, relationships, duty and hardships. "Song of the Assassins" is a return to old-school style wuxia, telling the tale of a secret Bureau of Assassins. Melnaattu Marumagan (English: Westernised Son-in-law) is a 2018 Tamil action film directed by MSS and produced by Mano Udhayakumar of Udhaya Creations. The film stars Rajkamal and Andreanne Nouyrigat in the leading roles, with Lollu Sabha Manohar and Muthukaalai in supporting roles. During the brutal Iraqi invasion of Kuwait, a group of Kuwaiti resistance groups gathers in their home, just to be discovered by Iraqi military forces, attacking the house and facing them with tanks. Teefa goes to Poland to get Anya to Pakistan to marry Butt gangster's son but lands up in trouble with Anya's gangster father and the Polish police. When two college students, Sam and Thea, meet Coles at a party, their mutual attraction is immediate, leading to a passionate and awkward night together, and the onset of an intensely charged bond. As they continue to push the sexual boundaries of their friendship, however, they are tested by Sam and Coles' incipient romance and Thea's increasing recklessness, until the relationship dissolves amid a cloud of fear, resentment and mistrust. Eight years later they reunite. An animator for a high-profile ad agency, Coles now lives with Claire, his girlfriend of five years. Thea is happily married to Miles, with whom she owns a flourishing restaurant. And Sam has just returned to Manhattan after working in London where she recently broke off her engagement. Yet upon reconnecting, the three are drawn back into the complicated dynamic that defined their relationship from the start and are forced to confront the true meaning of commitment and love. After a mysterious school opens across the street, the students of Super Hero High find themselves up against a new threat. Now, Wonder Woman, Supergirl, Batgirl and the rest of the DC Super Hero Girls not only have to worry about the well-being of their grades, but the safety and security of friends, family and the rest of civilization. The girls must figure out how to put a stop to this evil, new cross-town rival and save the world once again Anthology film consisting of 9 shorts featuring blood, action and horror. Separated at birth, after 28 years Bhai and Jaan grow up to be as different from each other as can be. While Bhai is outspoken and a little bit of a troublemaker a daring costume designer, Jaan is quite shy and timid. After years of being apart, fate brings the two brothers together and things take an interesting turn. Leveraging his ability to withstand pain, a young man trains to follow in the footsteps of his martial arts hero. Adri, a wanna-be private detective, asks his long-time best friend Jaka, his high-school investigative sidekick turned lawyer, to help him solve a serious case. The storyline of the film is based on the apprehension of the co-founder of Indian Mujahideen and conspirator of several bomb blasts in India, Yasin Bhatkal, by National Investigation Agency near Indo-Nepal border. Set against the haunting backdrop of a small lake town, this chilling thriller unravels a meticulous revenge set over a period of 7 years, all beginning with the accidental death of an innocent girl. Henry Brogen, an aging assassin tries to get out of the business but finds himself in the ultimate battle: fighting his own clone who is 25 years younger than him and at the peak of his abilities. Argentina, the year 2022. Second Falklands war. After 2 years of the wildest fight, the British gradually destroy the troops of the Argentine Army and intend to exterminate the enemy in the Islands. An Argentine soldier (Vic Cicuta) trained in the art of Ninjutsu, will intervene the monstrous plan risking his life and that of all those around him. "Death does not recognize ranks, this is Malvinas, this is war." When a cop's crooked past comes back to get him, can he do the right thing, or will he succumb to the threats of his dangerous connections? Part of BFI collection "The Age of the Train." An Indonesia vacation cruise has been attacked by pirates in international territory. Indonesian special task force try to liberate them. Charlie Rankin, recently released from prison, seeks vengeance for his jail-house mentor William "The Buddha" Pettigrew. Along the way, he meets the ethereal, yet streetwise, Florence Jane. They embark on a unlikely road trip, careening towards an unlikely redemption and uncertain resolution. EVIL BONG 777 leaves off where last year's EVIL BONG 666 left off. Our scowling weed-spewing Eebee is out of "Sexy Hell" and heading to Sin City with danger on her tail. She's joined by her whack pack of fabulous freaks: Faux Batty, Rabbit, Misty and The Gingerweed Man. Get ready for a tidal wave of smutty, skunky, surreal insanity as the gang gets into all manner of misadventures. Can Vegas handle this gaggle of ganja-fied weirdos? Xiaojia Xujiabao is doing surgery for the sister who lives with each other. Li Anran, a female thief, and Liu Xia, an inventor of the otaku inventor, sneaked into a luxury cruise ship and took advantage of the opportunity of the gang's annual gambling to help the international criminal police steal the criminal evidence of the gangster's bombing brother and smash the transnational criminal group for the international criminal police. Xu Jiabao and the two partners from each other to deceive each other to tell each other, Xu Jiabao grew from a selfish little punk into a grassroots hero who loves his companions. A stranger keeps threatening a man, promising him that he will kill him after a week. Who is the stranger and what is he after? Dharavi - known as the biggest slums on Earth, has many people living in abject poverty and destitute conditions. One such person is Rajkaran a taxi driver by profession, who has bought a taxi and is still for it in small installments. He, his wife, Kumud, and his son live in small tenement. Electricity and water are not available legally, but can be obtained illegally by paying middlemen, who in turn bribe the police and the Bombay Municipal Corporation (BMC) officials. Rajkaran's dream is to own his taxi, and start his own business - of dyeing clothes. Tamizhanane, the first Tamil film based on martial arts to fight violence against women. Kalavaram (English: Riot) is a 2014 Tamil film directed by Ramesh Selvan and produced by Ravichandran. The film features veteran actors Sathyaraj and Tanikella Bharani in the leading roles, while an ensemble cast of newcomers play other pivotal roles. The film, which had been in production since 2010, released on 14 January 2014. Ninaivil Nindraval is an upcoming Tamil film directed by director Agasthiya Bharathi and produced by Sree Sabari Movies. The film features Ashwin Sekhar, Keerthi Chawla and Gayathri Venkatagiri in the lead roles, while D. Imman composes the film's music. The film, which began in 2008, went through significant production delays before releasing on 31 January 2014 Dharmathin Thalaivan is a 1988 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by SP. Muthuraman, starring Rajnikanth, Prabhu Ganesan, Charlie, Nassar, Captain Raju, Kushboo, Suhasini and Vijayachanddrika. The film is the remake of Amitabh Bachchan-Randhir Kapoor starrer Kasme Vaade. With her marriage to the unfaithful Iskandar already in the toilet, Susy goes cougar and tries her luck with several younger men. Leading lady Suzzanna gets a brief reprieve from starring in nothing but horror flicks in this Private Lessons-inspired drama. A lowly prison guard attempts to foil the escape of an incarcerated rebel leader whose henchmen have come to free him. Satya is a college going youth who falls in love with Vaishnavi. He joins her college and woos herbut this is also the time when a dreaded gangster called Keshu Bhai lays his eyes on Vaishnavi. Things go out of hand as Keshu Bhai starts torturing Vaishnavi. This angers Satya who suddenly kills Keshu Bhai. Why did Satya kill Keshu Bhai? Is there a personal motive behind the killing? Will the police nab Satya? Remake of 'I Married a Monster From Outer Space' When her son's alleged kidnapper is released for lack of solid evidence, a reputable and well-known attorney takes matters into her own hands with unintended and spectacularly disastrous consequences. Amar, Akbar and Anthony are close friends living in Kochi. They enjoy a carefree life. Their perceptions and beliefs get shattered with an unexpected event and the resulting story forms the plot of the movie. The "Amazon Livestock Project," a mysterious care facility, the Amazon extermination organization 4C (Competitive Creatures Control Center) pursuing Haruka Misuzawa . . . all come together in a tale of symbiosis and competition; the mortal combat between the carnivore and herbivore. And, finally, an end to the troubles and conflicts of the Riders, two beings confronting a fierce fate. Basavaraju is an arrogant rich kid who desperately lusts over his schoolmate Shruthi(Palak Lalwani). In that process, he kills the school principal and gets sentenced to jail for 14 years. Upset with this, Shruthi's parents change her identity and shift her to Hyderabad. There, she gets close to Rana (Ranjith Somi), who is an easy going guy.  When everything seems to be going well in their life, Basavaraju comes out of the Jail and starts looking for Shruthi. Will Basavaraju find Shruthi's whereabouts? What will Rana do to save his girl's life? Every year the citizens of Fura City celebrate a Wind Festival. Where people live together with the wind. Long Ago, on the final day of the festival the Legendary Pokemon Lugia and bestow the blessings of the wind upon the people. This Film Focuses on Everyone's Story. from Lisa, a high school girl who is just starting out as a Pokemon trainer, to Karachi, a guy who can't stop lying to Torito, a researcher who lacks confidence in himself, to Hisui, an old lady who hates touching Pokemon, and Rarugo, a mysterious young girl who watches over the forest by herself. Ratanpur is a nail-biting Gujarati thriller where the protagonist, an IPS officer recently posted in the village of Ratanpur, is faced with his life's toughest challenge - a murder that will change his life forever. Following the sudden death of their father, two brothers realize the greatest threat to their criminal empire might just be each other. A no-holds-barred battle for power ensues that threatens to destroy everything their old man built. Jin entertainment will be split within the gang, killing each other, leading to the death of the gang boss at home, his daughter flee from the foam, the final killer organization saved. Three years later, in the organization of the arrangements she has eradicated his father's enemies, but also undermine the gold entertainment in the Mekong River drug trading, can she did not think that the smooth action is just a trap, crisis Has been pressing.  Gold entertainment will be a drug dealer repeatedly destroyed an unknown female killer, and the police locked drug traffickers are always the first to kill the female killer, which makes both anxious, from the foam by the police and the two sides of the hunt and kill, and At this time from the foam after the big conspiracy has just gradually surfaced.  Along With the Gods: The Last 49 Days follows the journey of 3 Afterlife Guardians and Su-hong as they journey through their 49th trial in order to gain their reincarnations and how the Guardians slowly recover their forgotten memories through Household God in the living world. The events begin at a Branch of the Royal Bank in a Village in Kerala Tamilnadu Border from Where Diamonds Worth Ten Crore Rupees is being Shifted to the regional office of the bank amid high security. However the diamonds go missing en route.The Story then takes a Suspense-filled ride and moves across many location and charecters. REPARATION is a powerful psychological thriller that swirls like a funnel cloud around Bob Stevens -- a small-town farmer with a three-year hole in his memory. When a mysterious stranger, Jerome, shows up claiming to have been his best friend in the Air Force Police, Bob's peaceful existence begins to unravel from the outside in. Bob's entire family is caught in the storm -- but none more than Bob's eight year-old daughter, Charlotte, who discovers that she might hold the key to conjuring Bob's forgotten past. As Charlotte comes to learn, "every time something happens that knocks us out of balance, we try doing something that will knock us back in..." That universal theme of balance is the soul of REPARATION. Threatened by a fascist plot, the Portuguese government recruits several "special people" to stop the coup. A carefree young man is forced to alter his life due to a shocking event that takes place in his life. He fights against an evil, corrupt politician to get justice for the society. Special prosecutor John Conroy hopes to combat organized crime in his city, and appoints his cop father Matt as chief investigator. John doesn't understand why Matt is reluctant, but cynical reporter Jerry McKibbon thinks he knows: he's seen Matt with mob lieutenant Harrigan. Jerry's friendship for John is tested by the question of what to do about Matt, and by his attraction to John's girl Amanda. Meanwhile, the threatened racketeers adopt increasingly violent means of defense. Four students (Viccy, Prabhakaran, Anand, SB Tamil Selvan) are rebels without a cause. They are always at loggerheads with their PT master (Sampath Ram) and his daughter (Sravanthika).  They want to somehow create problems for the strict master but ends up in trouble when they are kidnapped along with the master's daughter by a Chennai-based gang who are into theft, rape, and other nefarious activities.  And the root cause is an expensive antique gun, which the boys mistake for a Kalla Thuppakki (fake-gun) and stole when they were on a trip to Chennai!! coming soon.. Complete series of Mario Warfare by Youtube channels BeatDownBoogie After another deadly shark attack, Ellen Brody decides she has had enough of New England's Amity Island and moves to the Caribbean to join her son, Michael, and his family. But a great white shark has followed her there, hungry for more lives. Following the roguish terrorist attacks at Uri Army Base camp in Kashmir, India takes the fight to the enemy, in its most successful covert operation till date with one and only one objective of avenging their fallen heroes. Mehar is the village kabaddi champion that children idolize as a role model. With everything going in the right direction there is a chain of events that evolve to turn the tables for the worse. A feud that started between Jind Kaur and Chandu Pehlwan has put a target on Mehar's back to bear fruits. The lives of a few people get affected when ego clash erupts between a few cut-throat loan sharks An innocent college student is tossed into a jungle hellhole where she must fight for her life against an evil wardress, psycho inmates, voodoo experiments and the incredible torture machine. Adam, a lonely man with Asperger's Syndrome, develops a relationship with his upstairs neighbor, Beth. Belgian police try to solve the mystery of a tunnel. A rare astronomical event causes a permanent worldwide black out, forcing residents of a middle-class suburb to get by with no modern conveniences. The community pulls together and adapts to a simpler way of life, but their success draws the attention of the less resourceful residents in the area and soon results in a war between subdivisions. This is their story. Written by Anonymous  A catastrophic solar flare plunges Earth into global darkness. As society teeters on the edge of total anarchy the President and top government officials are swept away to a Cold War bunker in search of a solution. While the politicians fight insanity and each other, a group of middle-class suburbanites take survival into their own hands. With bullets and seeds, this neighborhood of schoolteachers and businessmen transform themselves into a village of self-sustaining warriors. Can they hold on until power is restored, or will they fall to the starving masses? Varathan (English: The Outsider) is an upcoming Indian Malayalam-language horror thriller film directed by Amal Neerad and co-produced by Nazriya Nazim. The film stars Fahadh Faasil and Aishwarya Lekshmi. Two best friends from Berlin win a trip to Greece. On their excursion, they get lost on an island. They wander in the woods until they find an abandoned village where they encounter a mysterious creature, who calls himself Hercules. They spend the night together in a cave and dream a mystical dream. On the next day, nothing between the two will be like it was before.  An assassin hunts and tortures his old predecessor in the basement of his European home, only to reveal the lies and corruption of their international hitman agency by taking a journey through the manipulations of the old man's past. Publisher Will Randall becomes a werewolf and has to fight to keep his job. To inherit his mother-in-law's colossal fortune, a hard living, gambling addict must change his unhealthy ways before it gets the best of him. School is in session for DC Super Hero Girls! This is where students master their super powers, brain power, and will power to become the Super Heroes of tomorrow. When Supergirl crash lands into the cafeteria, it's evident that though she has incredible power, she has a long way to go before she becomes a Super Hero. As Supergirl learn to harness her powers, the Junior Detective Club investigates a mysterious rash of security breaches. Could it all be because of reformed Super-Villain and Super Hero High Vice-Principal Gorilla Grodd - or something far worse? Satyameva Jayate is a ZEE5 Original drama film starring Arjun Chakraborty, Saurasani Maitra, Vipin Sharma, Sudiptaa Chakraborty, Dibyendu Bhattacharya, and Jayant Kripalani. Directed by Arindam Sil, the story revolves around a simple shopkeeper who is harassed by goons and denied justice in the court of law. Watch this engaging drama that reveals the ugly truth of the metropolitan city of Kolkata, according to Anandabazar Patrika. Stoker Thompson is a 35-year-old has-been boxer. His once-promising fighting career has come crashing to the end. Tiny, Stoker's manager, is sure he will continue to lose fights, so he takes money for a "dive" from a mobster, but is so sure that Thompson will lose that he doesn't tell the boxer about the set-up. At the beginning of the last round of the vicious boxing match he learns of the fix.  High school senior Tara is so painfully shy that she dreads speaking to anyone in the hallways or getting called on in class. But in the privacy of her bedroom with her iPod in hand, she rocks out -- doing mock broadcasts for Miami's hottest FM radio station, which happens to be owned by her stepfather. When a slot opens up at The SLAM, Tara surprises herself by blossoming behind the mike into confident, "Radio Rebel" -- and to everyone's shock, she's a hit! Mysterious events take place in an hotel: A feather flies from one room to another, and the customers are savagely killed by the sheets of their own beds.  After leaving their company Christmas Party together, David Hargrove and Emily Brandt's impromptu first date takes an unexpected turn when their coworker, Corey, asks them to make a late-night stop at an ATM.  What should be a routine transaction turns into a desperate struggle for survival when an unknown man appears outside the vestibule.  With the wintry temperatures dipping below freezing, and the morning sunrise still hours away, they have no choice but to play the man's deadly game of cat-and-mouse. A medical student is desperate to solve a murder to prove that she's not having a psychological breakdown, as her family and friends believe her to be. Recorded October 4, 2001, at the Grand Olympic Auditorium in Los Angeles, California.  A group of hard-core rockers who spun social upheaval into something fresh, brash and dynamic, The Cult emerged out of Britain's music scene in the early 1980s and quickly rose to the forefront of "Positive Punk." From Ian Astbury's first powerful note to Billy Duffy's last thundering guitar riff, The Cult knows how to rock an audience and this Los Angeles concert is no exception! Songs: Intro/Rise, In the Clouds, Lil' Devil, Peace Dog, Take the Power, My Bridges Burn, Rain, Edie (Ciao Baby), The Witch, Breathe, Fire Woman, Sweet Soul Sister, Wild Flower, She Sells Sanctuary, True Believers, War (The Process), Love Removal Machine. After an alien spacecraft destroys Washington, D.C., the residents of a small town must fight off a unit of alien soldiers on the hunt for the President of the United States and the mysterious device he's carrying after his escape chopper crash lands nearby. Santhosh Pandit' s New Movie In the center of the plot are modern heroes who have taken the path of fighting crime. This drama played out against the backdrop of the terrorist attack. Graduates of the 11 "A" class meet again with their school teacher, but now they are forced to move from theory to practice and save not only their lives, but also the lives of other people. Turning his back on a delinquent past and joining the police force, HP is determined to start doing the right thing. Soon he finds himself trapped in a web of lies, stretching out from both sides of the law. HP soon realizes that his present mission is closely connected to his own past, and that everything he worked so hard to escape from, is coming back to haunt him. A veteran gangster, Dollah who always dreamt of becoming an actor gets the chance of a lifetime when a popular actor asks him to become his mentor for an action movie. A gangster at a shooting set, Dollah surely causes all sorts of chaos. A story of lost love, young love, a legendary sword and one last opportunity at redemption. An innocent man sentenced to rot in a Cambodian jail is released for the sadistic pleasure of twisted trophy hunters and forced to fight - or die. It's nighttime. Cold. No sound except for the chattering of cicadas and the voice of a GUARD making his report on a walky-talky. MAX TAYLOR barges past him, incapacitating more guards until he breaks out of a building and makes his way to a checkpoint barrier. He is about to pass the barrier when he's surrounded by men in white coats. They drag him back into the building. Taylor is a patient at a military institute for highly trained soldiers and spies who have lost their sanity during combat or secret missions; they're kept under sedation and observation until such time as they're deemed fit to return to active duty. The next morning, JOHN DANCE walks through a secure reception area, asking HENRY WALSH (the institute's chief administrator) about the patients. Dance is introduced as a psychiatrist charged with assessing the institute's viability and the patients' mental stability. Chronicles Narendra Modi's life and events leading up to his swearing-in ceremony as the Prime Minister of India in 2014. Rakshana... Vijeta (The Victor) is the coming-of-age story of Angad (Kunal Kapoor). Confused like any other teenager trying to find himself and caught in between the marital problems of his Maharashtrian mother Neelima (Rekha) and Punjabi father Nihal (Shashi Kapoor), it is time for him to decide what he wants to do with his life. Angad chooses to become a fighter pilot with the Indian Air Force. What follows is his struggle to become a victor both with his self and the outer world. Angad is attracted to Anna Verghese (Supriya Pathak), who is the daughter of his flying instructor (Amrish Puri). Angad must learn to adapt to flying, leaving his mom and dad for long periods of time, as well as try and woo Anna who helps him overcome his fears and realize his potential as a fighter pilot. Nihal is a clean shaven Sikh, Neelima is a Hindu, Angad is a Sikh and Anna a Christian, while Angad's fellow officers represent all religion A young filmmaker has just unsatisfyingly captured the last shot for her film. While the crew encourages her to celebrate, she fears that the battle has just begun. Thankfully, she knows that worrying is never the answer. Instead, she turns to a traditional, evil-warding, garland-scattering ritual to direct all misfortune away from her film. Clifford Peach, an easygoing teenager, is finding less than easy to fit in at his new high school, where a tough-talking bully terrorizes his classmates and extorts their lunch money. Refusing to pay up, Clifford enlist the aid of an overgrown misfit whose mere presence intimidates students and teachers alike. But their "business relationship" soon turns personal as Clifford and the troubled loner forge a winning alliance against their intimidators - and a very special friendship with each other. The iconic Finke Desert Race, the largest off-road motorsport event in the southern hemisphere and Australia's fastest, deadliest, toughest and certainly dustiest race. Filmed over three years, Finke explores the race from within - competitors, organisers, paramedics, and the drive to win against the desert at all costs.  Finke is a visual adventure of inspiration and danger, excitement and spills. Jennifer and Vince, virtual strangers, find themselves strapped for cash and decide to stage a fake engagement and wedding just for the gifts Bizli has possessed supernatural power by birth. Her father wants to hide it, but an evil scientist wants to use her to implement a cold fusion electricity generation project. Trying to survive the family Christmas, Cody makes a wish to be alone, which ends up backfiring when a shark manifests and kills his entire family. Junoshin Kake is a ronin. To get hired by the Kurokaze Han, he lies and tells them that a religious group is trying to destroy them. He gets hired by the Kurokaze Han, but they learn that Junoshin Kake lied. Junoshin Kake is given the death sentence and he must think of an escape plan. Chintamani (Tamil: cintaamnni) is a 1937 Tamil-language film directed by Y. V. Rao starring M. K. Thyagaraja Bhagavathar, Serugulathur Sama and Aswathamma.[2] It was the first Tamil film to run for a year in a single theatre.  Chintamani was based on the legendary story of a Sanskrit poet and devotee of Lord Krishna named Bilwamangal (M. K. Thyragaraja Bhagavathar). Bilwamangal, a resident of Varanasi, was a Sanskrit scholar, who gets infatuated towards a courtesan called Chintamani (Aswathamma), a woman of ill-fame. As a result, he deserts his wife. However, Chintamani is an ardent devotee of Lord Krishna (Serugalathur Sama) and spends most of her time singing bhajans in praise of Lord Krishna. His attraction towards Chintamani eventually draws Bilwamangal closer towards Lord Krishna and transforms his life forever. Bilwangal, himself, becomes a devotee of Lord Krishna and pens a monumental Sanskrit work Sri Krishna Karnamritam. Passengers on a murder mystery train that crashes into a river must decide whether to risk waiting for help in the wreckage or take their chances in the murky depths below. The crew of an experimental underwater nuclear base are forced to struggle for their lives when their explorations disturb a creature who threatens to destroy their base. Tito is a shy 10-year-old boy who lives with his mother. Suddenly, an unusual epidemic starts to spread, making people sick whenever they get scared. Tito quickly discovers that the cure is somehow related to his missing father's research on bird song. He embarks on a journey to save the world from the epidemic with his friends. Tito's search for the antidote becomes a quest for his missing father and for his own identity. Vic Trevi is an undercover FBI agent positioned to betray the people he calls family. Vic needs to find out the truth about his family before his family finds out the truth about him. A trio of young film-makers shooting a survival video in the woods are menaced by a strange creature. Set in 1989, five members of the Commando Army from the Special Force Regiment have been instructed to locate the whereabouts of guerilla communists, who are planning to obtain the strategic position of central Peninsular Malaysia. However, when the members lose contact with the rest of the army due to a broken communication set, the five of them will have to fight off an army of guerilla communists. Putra and Yasmin are planning to get married in a romantic place. Putra invites his grandfather, Ray, as a witness. Yasmin invites her mother, Fazira. But, mutual suspicions ruin their happy day. Fazira rejects the law from Indonesia, while Ray does not agree that his grandson does not marry an Indonesian girl.  Ray, a retired intelligence, is present at the wedding is not without cause. Ray is investigating the alleged disappearance of the Malaysian plane that was hijacked. Ray finds a bright spot of an international criminal conspiracy. But Ray does not realize that his job ruins the wedding plan. Men and Yasmin. Ray even drags them into the vortex of the problem. Their lives are at stake. The name of the legendary fighter 'Toshi Toshi', Mr. Yoshino Masatoshi (Ozawa Hitoshi) in the Shinjuku business center, Shinjuku Kabuki-cho, legendary fighter, was roaring. Every day a tag litter of various places attacks a lone wolf Toshi. For such Toshi, only Toryokubai group manager Tanahashi group Tadashi Bashi (Shakuya) who used Shinjuku as a root founded his eyes. Toshi, who decided to live as a chorus, decides to live as a choreographer, making a fighting partner in the Gong Faction era as a brotherly son, and expanding its power as a fighter group. Picking up after the events of Never Back Down 2, former MMA champion Case Walker is on the comeback trail to become champion once again. Inspired by the true story, it displays on a human trafficking syndicate and tells the story of a woman who was tricked by her boyfriend. He was sold to a brothel where she was drugged and forced to sell itself. Aminah is a beautiful but tomboyish girl who works at her father's motorcycle workshop. She dreams of owning a Yamaha RX-Z motorcycle, and when she finally gets her hands on one, her life as a female rider begins. Hassan's parents passed away when he was young. Now all grown up, he returns from overseas and heads back home to his village in Taiping to handle matters regarding his late father's estate, especially his father's debt to Mr. Seman. As he returns to the village, he is scorned by the villagers as he is the son of a gambler, and many assume him to be just like his father. Mr. Seman is shocked to find out that Hassan is still alive, instead of shot dead along with his parents. Nur Ain, the daughter of the village chief, accidentally discovers the truth behinds the death of Hassan's parents, so she decides to help him solve his problem. An alcoholic gunman, hunted down by five pitiless bounty hunters, is sheltered by a saloon dancer. When his enemies kill the girl the outlaw pulls himself together and faces his adversaries and takes his revenge in a final showdown. An interesting take on the reluctant gunfighter theme contains some truly surprising twists. Facing mounting odds, a small but determined band of American soldiers venture into dangerous enemy territory on a mission to stop an advancing German unit from breaking through the Allied line. The Amendment is a powerful and inspiring true story of finding triumph over tragedy, injustice, and loss. In 1979, Brooks Douglass and his sister Leslie survived a devastating crime that rocked their community and took their parents' lives. Initially sent into an emotional tailspin, Brooks regained his footing, became Oklahoma's youngest state senator, and championed important victims' rights legislation. It is not until his quest for justice brings him face to face with his parents' killer that he finds the lessons of his father may hold the answer to finally finding peace. A film about Andrey Shestakov, head of the microbial biotechnology laboratory at Moscow State University. Together with his team, he travels all over the planet, from the Caucasus to the White Sea, with the goal of finding and testing microbes useful for mankind. A sincere cop, who's suspended from the department for locking horns with a few influential people in the society, starts taking revenge against those who finished off his dear ones. The Racer is a racing movie I can't find on IMDB An unscrupulous boxer fights his way to the top, but eventually alienates all of the people who helped him on the way up. An American mother searches for her daughter who was kidnapped by human traffickers in Central America. "The Most Dangerous Man in America" is the story of what happens when a former Pentagon insider, armed only with his conscience, steadfast determination, and a file cabinet full of classified documents, decides to challenge an "Imperial" Presidency-answerable to neither Congress, the press, nor the people-in order to help end the Vietnam War. The movie "Hong Kong Rescue" recounts the outbreak of the Pacific War on December 8, 1941. Hong Kong was occupied by the Japanese army and expelled millions of Hong Kong refugees. At the ... Jimmy is getting married and he gathers his buddies for the legendary bachelor. All is surprisingly normal this time and the wedding day is here. But something will disturb this wedding. A man wanders out of the desert not knowing who he is. His brother finds him, and helps to pull his memory back of the life he led before he walked out on his family and disappeared four years earlier.  When Frank finds his happy home under attack by a dangerous but largely unknown breed of shark, he's enlists the aid of the world's only "House Shark" expert and a grizzled former real estate agent to embark on a desperate quest to destroy the beast and claim back his life. Vixen lives in a Canadian mountain resort with her naive pilot husband. While he's away flying in tourists, she gets it on with practically everybody including a husband and his wife, and even her biker brother. She is openly racist, and she makes it clear that she won't do the wild thing with her brother's biker friend, who is black. Based on Charan Singh Pathik's short story Do Behnein, Pataakha narrates the story of two feuding sisters who realize the true nature of their relationship only after marriage separates them. A prototype of a  new cutting edge tank is being taken on a secret mission to Moscow, to Comrade Stalin. Soon the cross-country run turns into a ruthless race. Followed by Nazis, the tanks' team defeats their pursuers and proves the great ability and vast superiority of the machine that is about to become a legendary T-34.  Has-been director Harry Dawes gets a new lease on his career when independently wealthy Kirk Edwards hires him to write and direct a film. They go to Madrid to find Maria Vargas, a dancer who will star in the film. Millionaire Alberto Bravano takes Maria from Kirk. Count Vincenzo Torlato-Favrini takes Maria from Alberto. Pratik Choudhury is a young engineer, tasked with constructing a dam across a river in Suryanagar, a fictitious village in Bengal. Along the way he has to deal with wicked people, trying to amass wealth by constructing a cheap dam using low end products. Apart from this, Pratik has another secret task- to clear his dead father's name from slanderous allegations.  As a killer stalks the streets, a troubled young courier suspects that a doctor may be the long-lost sister he hasn't seen since childhood. Eastern Europe, 1944. The Allies successfully bomb a dam in France, wiping out a German installation, concealing secret codes valuable for Allied decoding. A rogue band of soldiers is sent to retrieve the codes from a hidden vault in the flooded towns ruins and bring them back to the Allied headquarters. Along the way they must fight off pockets of Nazi resistance and stay alive. A supernatural love story focusing on a successful entrepreneur, Peter Brisco, who encounters his true love, Katy, but then loses her in a tragic accident. He seeks solace on Life Line, a mysterious chat line for the bereaved. For one month every year, five highly competitive friends hit the ground running in a no-holds-barred game of tag they've been playing since the first grade. This year, the game coincides with the wedding of their only undefeated player, which should finally make him an easy target. But he knows they're coming...and he's ready. Hispanic South Texas man encounters a change of a lifetime when out hog hunting one night an e.t. encounter would change him to the god of purgatory with a new mission to hunt down every demon and angel that have fallen from the heavens and hell and are trying to rule this world beginning in Texas. This remastered, rare, local production from the 80s is an unfiltered look into the mind and heart of the world-renowned folk artist Howard Finster. Walking and talking in his Paradise Garden, Finster gives insight into his visions, Faith, and artwork. He even sings and plays the banjo.  Dr. George Pullen interviews Finster. And in this case, the word "interview" means that Dr. Pullen just lets Finster talk. And it's pure gold. What if it made perfect sense for ordinary people to kill each other for money? Better than slow grinding financial ruin and misery, and all done according to a strict code by consenting adults. This is Trading. A group of friends including five girls and four boys studying in 12th standard share a close bond with each other. All goes well for the group until suddenly a crisis arises, which puts their friendship to test. Based on the best-selling novel by Alessandro Baricco, this visually stunning film tells the story of a French trader who finds unexpected love far away from home. A slick private eye (Duane Martin) set out to investigate the death of a young rapper, only to find himself knee-deep in drugs, guns, and double crosses. Vivica A. Fox and real-life rappers Jadakiss and Sticky Fingaz co-star. The watching of an old film in 8 mm format produces memories and doubts for two persons who faced the question of armed political fight in '70 in Italy. Darcy is a cop who is also a supehero named Black Scorpion at night who kicks and beats evildoers to a pulp. She soon catches wind of an asthmatic mad scientist who plans on tainting the city's air supply with a toxin. Only Darcy in her superhero garb can stop him with the assistance of a petty thief named Argyle. With no means for defeating Godzilla Earth, mankind watches as King Ghidorah, clad in a golden light, descends on the planet. The heavens and earth shake once again as the war moves to a higher dimension. Dev (Rajniesh) is an Assistant Director working in television serials and aspires to direct a film. He approaches Raj Chopra( Krushna Abhishek), a superstar actor with his story. Raj Chopra... Class is in session as your seductive sensei, Cynthia Rothrock gives you the hardest hitting lessons of your life! Courses include a study on the greatest 'Martial Arts Movie Masters', 'Deadliest Weapons", and the many failed attempts at recreating the 'Magic of Bruce Lee'. Will you earn your cinematic black-belt or get tossed on the pile of failed students? The film centers around a Malaysian pharmaceutical company using a new virus to generate an epidemic. A secret organization, known as "The Leaker", discloses this information. After the suicide of the pharmaceutical company's son and a local reporter, the wife of the pharmaceutical company's owner leaves for Hong Kong. A Malaysian police chief , Hong Kong police officer, and journalist work together to locate her whereabouts. Chronicle of the daily activity of a newspaper called "La Jornada". Through the events covered by the gossip columnist that occupy precisely the seventh page, a portrait emerges of different classes of Spain in the 50's and a vision of reality where facts are mixed comedy, police, emotional, dramatic and even tragic. The movie highlights the issues of attachment and detachment in human relationships through the events that occur in the life of a girl before and after her romantic affair.  Raka meets Gani, an ex prisoner who is in the run from a mob. Nicky Larson is tasked to recover the perfume of Cupid, a perfume that would make anyone who uses it irresistible. From acclaimed documentary film director Dana Brown (Dust to Glory, On Any Sunday - The Next Chapter, Highwater and Step Into Liquid) comes Dust 2 Glory, the much-anticipated motorsports action documentary. This special one-night event will be the most in-depth and dramatic exploration of the world's toughest point-to-point desert race ever created, the SCORE Baja 1000, and will feature exclusive interviews with Brown and legendary drivers. <<Spitak>> tells the story of the most devastating and largest (in terms of casualties) Armenian earthquake that happened on December 7, 1988. This day went down in history as the day of a horrible disaster, which claimed the lives of over 25,000 lives and left more than half a million people homeless. The film <<Spitak>> is the story of Gor, who left Armenia in search of a better life but now returns back after the earthquake in order to find his home. His family. But it's too late. Everything is destroyed by the disaster. and he has to re-learn to love what he destroyed himself. Film-Requiem. Khalid and Kehailan are two team leaders who are passionate about car racing and challenges. They enter into a crazy competition to win the challenge involving a lot of surprises, which unexpectedly change both their lives. A convict on death row escapes from prison and accidentally ends up with a retired veteran who is called upon by the authorities to teach the process of hanging a convict to the new staff. Three unemployed graduates who are desperate for money devise an elaborate scam to pose as secret service officers in order to scam established fraudsters at a local cyber cafe where their friend works. A romantic comedy film directed Rajesh Bhuyan, starring Nayan Nilim in the lead role. A war-hardened Crusader and his Moorish commander mount an audacious revolt against the corrupt English crown. From funny to warm & touching... A smile with tears story of a group of unsung dog rescue heroes The charitable film takes the "Paws-Men" as the backbone of the dynamic organization, bringing out the message of respect for the spirit of life and the love of animals, that hopes to raise public awareness of animal rights and interests. The movie is divided into four chapters, each chapter with a famous actor as the leading character. The Paws-Men are Tat Yan, Charlie, Seal, and Keith. When a dog is in need of rescue, the Paws-Men assemble to save the dog immediately like Batman. "Paws-Men" tells the story of rescuing dogs, in which Paws-Men encounter many difficulties, such as a dog eatery, bullies and a dog abusing granny. Yet Paws-Men witness true friendships between dogs and humans. This film makes us realize: Saving dogs is not hard. People are the real problem. A feminist legend, a May 68 activist, a famous playwright and poet, Helene Cixous is the vehicle of this road movie. With friends like the philosopher Jacques Derrida, the artist Adel Abdessemed, with Ariane Mnouchkine and her cosmopolitan theatre company, Cixous explores the wounds our time and allows us to ear the cry of literature. The history of dozens of members of her German-Jewish family who were assassinated in the Death Camps, and the trauma of the wars of decolonization are never far, for this major figure who was born in Algeria shortly before the start of the Second World War. A new drug is taking over the streets, coating them in blood, vomit, and other less savory fluids. The six eye-opening stories in this anthology reveal the truth about this new white menace. Events happening in the 22 minutes before, during and after the explosions of the Thamrin bombings. Based on a true story. Ja-yoon is a high school student who struggles with memory loss after she endured some unknown trauma during her childhood. While trying to uncover the truth, she is unwittingly dragged into a world of crime and finds herself on a journey that will awaken many secrets hidden deep within. Saike, Kazuki, and Takeo were abused by their respective parents and did not go to school. They stayed together at a youth detention center. To survive, these three young men commit robbery and burglary against criminal groups. (AsianWiki) Pogue is a private eye with a problem: every morning when he wakes up, he has total amnesia, waking up with a 'blank slate'. Since he is in the middle of a hot investigation and has a developing romance, this is less than convenient. Harbans Rai and Ranjit Rai are two wealthy businessmen who absolutely *loathe* poverty and poor people . As fate would have it , Harbans Rai's daughter Madhu falls for a poor mechanic Raja while Ranjit Rai's son Ajay romances a poor girl Kajal . When Harbans and Ranjit come to know of it they try various ways to separate the lovers. After claiming countless lives, the fairies won the great battle with the demons. However, the leader of their Kunlun sect Yu Qingzi died for his young apprentice Xiao He. 500 tranquil years later, Xiao He finds himself face to face with a resurrected Yu Qingzi. After the end of the civil war that tore apart Japan, the new governors of Touto, Hokuto and Seito work together to reunify the country. However, they are actually members of an extraterrestrial race called the "Blood Tribe" (the same species as Evolto), who assumed their government positions as part of a plan to destroy Earth as they have done to Mars and other planets before. Considering Sento Kiryu (Kamen Rider Build) a major threat to their plans, the Blood Tribe manipulates his friends and other civilians into attacking him. With even his close ally Ryuga Banjo (Kamen Rider Cross-Z) now against him, Sento must fight to survive and stop the Blood Tribe's plan from succeeding. Three strangers from different backgrounds find themselves trapped inside a confined mansion and as they run lows on resources they soon figure out the only way to escape is for one to kill the other two.  Ridwan Imam Fadli, called Imam by his friends, has a very Islamic name buat doesn't fulfill his responsibilities as a Muslim. His girlfriend Widya has already finished college and is working. They've been dating four years and have been waiting for Imam to graduate so they can get married, though he keeps failing to advance. Imam's not happy with the way Widya has to behave at work.  When Imam accompanies his friend Billy to Sam Po Khong in Semarang, he meets Chen Jia Li, a muslim girl from China whose on vacation before her planned marriage to Ma Fu Hsien, owner of an Islamic and Wing Chun boarding school in Beijing. Imam starts to fall for the hijab wearing Chen Jia Li because of her friendliness and grace. Imam feels comfortable with Chen Jia Li. She never forces, tells, or even asks why Imam doesn't pray. For her, Imam's willingness to worship has to come from within. This story is based on a long forgotten folklore of Veera and her brother, adapted in today's time. It still has the essence of Guru Nanaks blessings to mankind. The Secret Of Immortal Code Every day at 6 pm a serial killer kills another person. Police officer Helena Rus thinks the killings are done by one man only and decides to reveal the killer's identity by getting back in 18th century history of the city. YouTubers Brendan Mitchell and his pint-sized sidekick Gabriel Mercado make their long-awaited return to Sin City. They double-down with new crew members and a mysterious fanny pack. Five Class 11 students continue with their mischievous ways till a new teacher joins their school and puts her faith in them, despite the opposition from other faculty. While the boys change their ways, a shocking incident leaves a lasting impact in their lives.  'Manhunt' is a dark, surrealistic revenge fantasy of animals on humans for the mess they have made.  The core idea for this short film is to switch the roles of humans and animals, hunters hunted, to show how the world could be like from the animals' perspectives, and to put us humans in their shoes. When scientists discover something in the Arctic that appears to be a buried Pyramid, they send a research team out to investigate. Little do they know that they are about to step into a hunting ground where Aliens are grown as sport for the Predator race. When the War between the majestic Garuda and the monstrous Raksod burst into a wide-spread annexation all over the ancient world, the last soldiers of Garuda have the courageous Himmaphan Warriors joining their alliance. Together, they have to fight against the brutal annihilation from the cold-hearted creatures that want to conquer the world. Sara Blecher returns with a markedly different film: a groundbreaking multi-cultural African gangster thriller. After a quarrel with her boyfriend on New Year's Eve, Mane (Pinal) drives her car from Mexico City to Cuernavaca to meet her parents in their country house. The car breaks down in the highway and Mane has to ask for help. Mechanic Cruci (Infante) arrives and, after testing the car, offers Mane a ride on his motorcycle. Back in Mane's house, she invites him some drinks to celebrate New Year's Eve. They get drunk and, the morning after, Mane's parents arrive and find them sleeping together. Not knowing what happened, Mane and Cruci are forced to get married against their will. When the crew of an American tugboat boards an abandoned Russian research vessel, the alien life form aboard regards them as a virus which must be destroyed. Nishith (Sumanth) suffers from a unique condition that keeps him awake at nights. He takes up a night job upon his doctor's suggestion. But taking up this job brings out a side of him no one knew existed. Amongst the communal riots that erupt in the city, Tara shelters a wayward Sakina from a crazed mob and a bond that blossoms into love is created. The two eventually get married and have a son. The happy family, now living in Amritsar, gets the shock of their lives when Sakina learns that her father (Amrish Puri), whom she previously believed died in the riots back in Amritsar, is still alive after seeing his picture in a tattered, old newspaper. Upon contacting him, Sakina's father, now the mayor of Lahore in Pakistan, arranges for his daughter to arrive in Lahore to see him. Sakina leaves for Lahore minus Tara and her son, and upon reaching the city, learns of her father's plans for her - plans that include forcing Sakina to forget about her family and start life anew in Pakistan. Then begins an extraordinary journey which will lead Tara to cross the border into Pakistan to find his love Sakina Das is a sincere doctor who gets kicked out of a corporate hospital and starts working at a private clinic. On the other hand, Deva is a dreaded don who is on the run. During a gun fight with his enemies, Deva gets hurt and reaches Das's hospital and gets treated there. This small meeting between Deva and Das turns into a deep friedship. As time passes by, one crucial incident regarding Deva and his mafia background causes a rift in the friendship. Coming soon.. When a city-bred girl comes home to her village, she falls for the macho village boy and asks him out. As a passionate romance brews, the guy falls madly in love with her, but does she feel the same way? Or is it just a passionate summer fling? Set in the backdrop of Angamaly, Cuban Colony tells the tale of five close friends whose friendship is tested by the challenges they face in their otherwise happy life and how they deal with the challenges in their own style. Joe McDoakes pleads "not guilty" to a traffic violation but is convicted anyway. Handling this setback in his usual manner, the two-dollar fine quickly pyramids to a 10-year jail sentence. Connor Phillips has the perfect life until the brutal murder of his wife turns his world upside down. As he struggles to put his life back together, his nightmares continue to haunt him and a gnawing desire for retribution grows. Connor begins to understand why others believe in raw justice and finds himself agreeing that sometimes it may not only be right, but justified. As the line between right and wrong increasingly blurs, he finds himself entangled in a deadly game of vengeance. Until one fatal mistake forces him to face the truth. But is it too late? A few children who are adept in martial arts are kidnapped by a bunch of goons to stop them from participating in a sports competition. The kids use all their ability to save their lives Kray, an underappreciated and underpaid stuntwoman, takes on one last job with her former gang only to be trapped in a hellish underworld. A man and woman form and try to sustain a relationship, in 2025, where technology can consume people's lives. Two brothers run a bar called Zenigata in a backstreet of a fishing port. At midnight, the bar changes to a lending place, where the brothers lend money and charge high interest. One day, they hire a former boxer When cattle mysteriously start dying of anthrax in a small Alberta ranching community, an RCMP officer tries to keep the peace as ranchers lay the blame on a local agricultural research center. A reporter encourages the angry ranchers - led by the Mountie's mother-in-law - to stage a sit-in at the research center. When an eccentric old rancher dies after being exposed to a deadly strain of anthrax, the protesters are quarantined. No one notices that the reporter has disappeared - along with several vials of the deadly bacteria. The RCMP officer begins his own investigation, gleaning information from a U.S. government agent. He finds himself racing against time to recover the stolen anthrax. coming soon..  Gary Hart, former Senator of Colorado, becomes the front-runner for the Democratic presidential nomination in 1987. Hart's intelligence, charisma and idealism makes him popular with young voters, leaving him with a seemingly clear path to the White House. All that comes crashing down when allegations of an extramarital affair surface in the media, forcing the candidate to address a scandal that threatens to derail his campaign and personal life. The young actor Antonio Mora wants to meet veteran actors, possibly unfamiliar, to learn from their successes and failures, to understand the facet of the interpreter as a worker and as a media star. This seeks help from a journalist friend who will put you in touch with some players, especially in the era of gender co. The episode will focus on the young Zeon ace Char Aznable earning his "Red Comet" nom de guerre, as well as the beginnings of the Federation's "Project V" weapons project that will eventually birth the RX-78-2 Gundam. Stoker Thompson is a 35-year-old has-been boxer. His once-promising fighting career has come crashing to the end. Tiny, Stoker's manager, is sure he will continue to lose fights, so he takes money for a "dive" from a mobster, but is so sure that Thompson will lose that he doesn't tell the boxer about the set-up. At the beginning of the last round of the vicious boxing match he learns of the fix. In Gaochun, Lin Chong, who was set up by Lin Niangzi, was set up to slay Lin Chong. On one side, the wild boar forest was going to kill Lin Chong. On the other hand, he deliberately let Lin Niangzi know that the news had opened Lu Zhishen. Lu Zhishen was entrusted by Lin Chong to protect the Lin Niangzi. Lin Chong was in trouble. He had to find a way to save Lin Chong first, and then came back to protect Lin Niangzi. Unfortunately, Lin Chong still had hopes for the court. He insisted on going to Chenzhou to be a man after he was sentenced. Lu Zhishen had no choice but to escort Lin Chong to Zhangzhou. After Lu Zhishen sent Lin Chong, he rushed back to the capital. He knew that Gaochun had already laid down a lot of organs. On the one hand, he tried to stop Lu Zhishen from returning to the capital. On the other hand, he tried to force the Lin Niangzi, who was alone, to press and squash.  A D-Day rescue mission turns ugly when a band of Allied soldiers battle with horrific experiments created by the Nazis. A thrilling high seas adventure feature documentary where two marine conservation captains from Sea Shepherd go on a hundred day chase of the illegal poacher and pirate fishing vessel, the Thunder. When the body of the executive of hockey Benoit Brisset is found on the billboard of the border of Quebec and Ontario, the jurisdiction of the crime is shared between the two police forces and detectives David Bouchard from Montreal and Martin Ward from Toronto are assigned to work together. With totally different styles, attitudes and languages. Set in the Depression-era Franklin County, Virginia, a bootlegging gang is threatened by authorities who want a cut of their profits. The villagers in a small mountain village during the Anti-Japanese War were exposed to the burning, killing and looting of the Japanese invaders. Anti-Japanese War with the Japanese in the end the story. Yang Jun feather starring Geshan, is a grass-roots hero from a small village. This movie strongly appeals to me is to pay attention to authenticity, but also this character is very cute. In the near future, a ship of space explorers crash land on an unknown planet. They're soon met with some of their worst fears as they discover the planet is inhabited by monstrous dinosaurs. Only Child is the beautifully shot film in which we watch as an Irish couple go through a life journey dealing with the harsh reality of love and loss. The battle of needing the person you love to be there for you, whilst you be there for them. A shipment of a narcotic more dangerous than opium is about to be distributed across the country by a corrupt pharmaceutical company. In the face of foreign and domestic enemies, can Wong Fei-Hung stop the spread of this dangerous narcotic and save lives in time? Anna hasn't seen her family for a decade. When her grandmother dies, she returns home to take care of her grandfather. In the week leading up to the funeral, nothing goes as expected, and Anna is forced to reconsider how she lives her life. The events revolve around Akram (Tamer Hosni), who receives an invitation to attend a masquerade party. He decides to wear police uniforms, which causes him to suffer a crisis as a police officer, while looking for a particular file. A general who sacrificed for secret historic bag on the night of November 1885 while Myanmar last federalist King Thibaw was exiled.Geroge J.Harlam an Anglo-Indian from England called George J Harlam who is interested in Myanmar ancient cultural heritages.George's adopted obedience son, Elvis.Htet Paing, who spent more than a decade of his life time in Europe becomes an accused criminal at one of the attorney offices on Pansodan St at Yangon.The daughter Saung Nanda who heritages the love and interest in ancient histories, abilities of discovering and collecting at ancient artifacts from her father.The girl who got the greatly power to be able to find historical treasure from her father as inheritances. Her name is Saung Nandar. The ruthless extremist Bazgaev responsible for terrorist attacks which lead to deaths of hundreds of civilians, among them school children, is planning new actions. A group of security officers is to track and destroy him. Based on a true story. In 1944, a courageous group of Russian soldiers managed to escape from German captivity in a half-destroyed legendary T-34 tank. Those were the times of unforgettable bravery, fierce fighting, unbreakable love, and legendary miracles. Mauli is a tough cop whose in control when in uniform.But a big terror to criminals without uniform he gets transferred to Kapur village which has no respect for cops and it's temple is closed since last 15 years due to terror of Nana Londhe.Mauli beats his men black and blue where he finds admire in Renuka.Its soon reveled that Mauli is a simple man but the actual terror cop is his twin brother with the same name.Mauli's brother dies while trying to save Mauli from Nana leaving Mauli helpless in the village and face humiliation in front of Nana's terror. The story of Sultan Agung Hanyakrakusuma, the king of Mataram when he was still a teenager until he becomes a king. A rookie CBI officer must enlist the help of an incarcerated criminal in order to catch a serial child killer, who has recently escaped police custody. "God Complex" is the CSULA Film Productions Spring 2017 Semester short film, directed by Bryan Lopez The film revolves around a pair of big-boned, bumbling cops who find themselves at the heart of a drug trafficking case. The agent "J" (Zhang Wen) was shot in the head during an A-level mission, causing damage to the intracranial hypothalamus. During the period of rehabilitating, J gradually became a big fat man of three hundred pounds and suffered from severe narcolepsy, but J still considered himself a ace agent. Finally, J received the task again and went to Japan to retrieve the confidential documents. After the file was obtained, J arbitrarily opened the file and decided to continue the task of hiding the organization for the organization, but he fainted in the izakaya. J who woke up in the hospital got to know the security guard Handsome Hao (Bei-Er Bao), Handsome Hao to prove that he is not a waste of nothing to resolutely join the mission. In the process of carrying out the task, the temporary partner has experienced the ridiculous and dangerous crisis of time over and over ...  A young man who had come to a village as a refugee falls in love with the daughter of the headman, whom the locals consider as a God. Will their romance be accepted? Asif comes to City in search of Captain Khan, who, he learns, paid a price for choosing to be a gangster. Unperturbed, he continues in his search. Does he find Captain Khan and what's the mystery behind his disappearance? Louis XIV is no newcomer to Albert Serra's filmography, the hero of his latest opus to date, THE DEATH OF LOUIS XIV (2016). ROI SOLEIL features a twin, even though, in the game of differences, it turns out that there are quite a few. Instead of Jean-Pierre Leaud, a non-professionnal actor whom Serra already worked with in his first films. The popular rise of darts is charted in this pin-sharp documentary that follows the trajectory of arrows from local pub to beer-soaked arena. Featuring archive footage, behind-the-scenes access and interviews with current darting personalities such as Michael van Gerwen, Gary Anderson and Raymond van Barneveld, the film traces the sport's evolution from humble beginnings through to the glamorous heyday of the 1980s and on into the lucrative professional era. One of the first feminist movies, this is the story of an intelligent woman trapped in a loveless marriage. While protecting the U.S. President, Secret Service agent Nick Sager helps him to dispose of the body of a young girl, who accidentally died during an adulterous encounter. Some time later, a few weeks before the elections, the disillusioned ex-agent is approached by his former partner. The President's former aide, and one of few people who knew about the cover-up, is found dead in mysterious circumstances. John Hunter is Vietnam Green Beret Veteran, Half Commando, Half Ninja, whose daughter has been abducted by a secret Ninja Organization, led by a Central-American dictator, who wants to create a new-world order - through time. Monsters from space attack earth, two scientists and a couple of teenagers try to stop the extraterrestrial invaders. A man with no name is forced into a world of danger and bloodshed after he saves a scientist and a gifted child from a horde of radiation-scarred mutants. Keita, Whisper, Jibanyan, Inaho, Usapyon, and all of their Yo-kai friends embark on five unique adventures that all end up tied together in the end. Aliens have invaded Earth. After months of conflict, they reach the northern border of Greece, wiping cities and villages in their passage. Will a young man's courage be enough to overturn the inevitable to the technological superiority of a superior race? Darius Weems, a 15-year-old with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy, had never left his hometown of Athens, Georgia. In the summer of 2005, he and a group of young college students traveled across the country in a wheelchair-accessible RV to test accessibility in the United States. Their ultimate goal was to reach Los Angeles and convince MTV's hit show, "Pimp My Ride," to customize Darius's wheelchair. Along the way, they found joy, brotherhood, and the knowledge that life, even when imperfect, is always worth the ride. This feature length film will follow renowned BASE jumper, climber and mountain biker Clair Marie as she attempts real-world Lara Croft challenges that show what it takes to become a Tomb Raider. The feature will also include a special narrative showcase highlighting the journey of Lara Croft as told through in-game cinematics from the trilogy. For the first time ever, fans can experience the story of Lara Croft's origin on the big screen. Following this, fans will get to see never-before-seen footage from the upcoming Shadow of the Tomb Raider game. While working on an in memoriam piece for a dead colleague, a famous news reporter loses track of the TV story and becomes part of a father-daughter relationship with the teenager left behind. Art dealer, Charles Mortdecai, searches for a stolen painting rumored to contain a secret code that gains access to hidden Nazi gold. Homeless/unemployed dude has a spiritual awakening and rehabilitates himself working at a circus. A cop prone to violence is tasked with capturing a psycho who has been setting vehicles belonging to employees of a financier on fire. Hindi film released in 2014 Two brothers, a prominent and respected doctor and an international gun for hire turned businessman, form an ambitious partnership and reconnect after their last job in Southeast Asia. No Overview Sanki Daroga is a 2018 Indian Bhojpuri-language romance action drama film starring Ravi Kishan and Anjana Singh, and directed by Saif Kidwai. The movie is produced and written by Ravi Kishan under his banner, Ravi Kishan Productions. Sanki Daroga marks the debut of Ravi Kishan as a producer A martial artist, trained by the military to become an assassin, begins to question himself after killing someone who didn't deserve to die. He now must face not only his demons, but his ... Based on true events. On the edges of Las Vegas, 17-year-old Andrew's life is spiraling out of control. Unable to cope with the loss of his father, Andrew's descent into drugs and violence is gaining momentum, and the once promising young man is now headed for self-destruction. Andrew's mother, helpless to control her son and fighting an addiction of her own, refuses to watch idly as her only child destroys himself. As a last resort, she hires a private company to forcibly kidnap and confine him in a locked-down and corrupt psychiatric hospital. As Andrew is subjected to the secret physical and emotional abuses of the program something inside him is re-awakened. He must somehow get free to save what's left of his life, but to do that, he knows he must first face his own demons head-on.  After nuclear warfare has decimated Earth, tyrants using service robots to enslave the population are met with a rebellion.  A debauched Hollywood movie actor tries to piece together one wild night in Miami years earlier which remains a drug-induced blur, and soon finds out that some questions about his past are best left unanswered.  Hailing from Chintakapudi village, Bala Koteswara Rao falls in love with the mysterious Parvati at first sight, who reciprocates to his love. Having never seen Parvati before in his village, Koti begins to dig deep into her past to learn about her. When his helicopter goes down during his fourth tour of duty in Afghanistan, Marine Sam Cahill is presumed dead. Back home, brother Tommy  steps in to look over Sam's wife, Grace, and two children. Sam's surprise homecoming triggers domestic mayhem.  The true events of Lieutenant Commander Arman Anwar of PASKAL, an elite unit in the Royal Malaysian Navy, and his team's mission to rescue the MV Bunga Laurel, a tanker which was hijacked by Somalian Pirates in 2011. A group of historical treasure hunters pursue a mysterious map of a tomb and discover the secret inside it... Gatchaman, Polymar, Tekkaman and Casshern join forces for a new fight. This time, Joe Asakura also returns. Is he a friend or a foe?  In the post-apocalyptic future, the world is at war. The newly instated Soviet Russian Army has invaded the USA with the assistance of an evil German scientist who has created an army of super human soldiers, half-man and half-shark. The alarm has sounded and the Pontypandy crew is off to rescue their friends and others in need. From engine sparks and wild fireworks to water rescue and more, you won't want to miss these adventures with your favorite hero, Fireman Sam! Rui, once a famous basketball player, faces his downfall and works as a street-parking fee collector, who also accepts jobs from a car theft gang.  One night, a robber hijacks Rui when he accidentally spots a seriously injured woman in the vehicle. Now the police and the public see Rui as the suspect of the bank robbery, and the girl who could clear his name remains unconscious. How can Rui get himself out of this quagmire? In the 1930s, the gangster pair Bonnie Parker and Clyde Barrow began robbing banks in U.S. cities until they were eventually killed in a police shoot-out. Saban's Power Rangers follows five ordinary teens who must become something extraordinary when they learn that their small town of Angel Grove -- and the world -- is on the verge of being obliterated by an alien threat. Chosen by destiny, our heroes quickly discover they are the only ones who can save the planet. But to do so, they will have to overcome their real-life issues and before it's too late, band together as the Power Rangers. Traveling in search of the rare ingredient, "sky fish"  Meliodas and Hawk arrive at a palace that floats above the clouds. The people there are busy preparing a ceremony, meant to protect their home from a ferocious beast that awakens once every 3,000 years. But before the ritual is complete, the Six Knights of Black--a Demon Clan army--removes the seal on the beast, threatening the lives of everyone in the Sky Palace. No overview found. Every cloud has a silver lining and Aarohanam showcases the brighter side of a mental disorder, along with all the trials and turbulence of such a life. In an age where the morbidity of poverty has been vehemently publicized, this film strives to unassumingly uncover the true essence of Indian culture while offering a raw and intimate experience of family and community life in the Indian slums.  Six people are thrown together during an elaborate bank heist where any move can alter the outcome. Is it coincidence, or are they merely pawns in a much bigger game. 13 years ago, suddenly one part of Tokyo broke off and began to float in the sky. Tokyo was separated into "Old Tokyo" as the part that was floating in the air, and "New Tokyo," the part that stayed on the ground. Communication and interaction between the two Tokyos was impossible, and years passed. One day, a young girl perceives that Old Tokyo will fall back down to the ground, and she sets out on the perilous path from from Old Tokyo to New Tokyo to save the citizens from the impending crisis. In 2019, Lincoln Six-Echo is a resident of a seemingly "Utopian" but contained facility. Like all of the inhabitants of this carefully-controlled environment, Lincoln hopes to be chosen to go to The Island -- reportedly the last uncontaminated location on the planet. But Lincoln soon discovers that everything about his existence is a lie. Dirty Harry Callahan returns for his final film adventure. Together with his partner Al Quan, he must investigate the systematic murder of actors and musicians. By the time Harry learns that the murders are a part of a sick game to predict the deaths of celebrities before they happen, it may be too late... It revolves about a team of "puliscredibles", consisting of three charismatic and adventurous police officers named Jack, Emily, and Popoy, who embark on a mission to stop crimes from occurring within their vicinity. On the run from the police, a female thief and her band of robbers take refuge on a desert island where they discover a mansion inhabited by a family whom they take hostage. One of the robbers falls for the couple's daughter. Wolfgang, a professional mercenary for hire is thrust in the middle of a local dispute when hired by a wealthy benefactor. But when he develops a friendship with a young orphan and a local tour guide, he is torn between his loyalty to violence for money, and righting wrongs in the name of innocents. The fourth movie in the Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha franchise, a continuation of Reflection.   first film from visual artist Rinus Van de Velde Kallookaran Joy is a single father who has left his gangster life behind to lead a peaceful life with his daughter. Things take an unexpected turn when his past comes knocking back to him. When three friends finally come to after a raucous night of bachelor-party revelry, they find a baby in the closet and a tiger in the bathroom. But they can't seem to locate their best friend, Doug - who's supposed to be tying the knot. Launching a frantic search for Doug, the trio perseveres through a nasty hangover to try to make it to the church on time. The year is 2101. South America has become the dumpster for rotten and infected corpses from all over the world. In the middle of this wasteland a man will wake up with no recollection of his past, his present or why was he dumped there in the first place. Ridzuan loses faith in his fellow police officers when he witnesses the death of his best friend, Aman, who he believes have been killed by the police. He then breaks off communications with everyone and starts living on a secluded island, hiding his true identity from the residents there. But Tuan Moktar and Tuan Anwar from Bukit Aman manage to track him down. He is then tasked with leading an operation called Operasi X to take down the AJ Gang. A wealthy Gujarati businessman's only son wants to join the Indian Army, but his father wants him to join the family business. Addri works hard to save the entire bus passenger which plunged into the abyss due to torrential rain. Addri's wife, Indri, is very understanding of her husband's work as a member of the National SAR team. Separately, Arifin, weather analyst, is trying to meet the demand of her lover, Denanda, a physician.  Huge flood enveloping Jakarta. Arifin sees the weather has passed the normal limits and continued to argue with Hadi, his boss, on what to do. At the time he is doing some anticipation of disaster, he reunited with Addri. A poor comic book artist summons four legendary Kung Fu masters to learn the highest level of martial arts and help him get his girl. A group of terrorists have taken over a village and are holding the villagers hostage. Special Forces from Malaysia and Indonesia are tasked with handling the incident but their mission fails. Now it is up to Inspector Sani and Inspector Khai to save the hostages and at the same time, take down the terrorist group. A runaway train, transporting deadly, toxic chemicals, is barreling down on Stanton, Pennsylvania,  and proves to be unstoppable until a veteran engineer and young conductor risk their lives to try and stop it with a switch engine. A boy falls in toxic waste. His face melts and he becomes a bloodthirsty monster who goes around killing people. Halloween. Four friends, beautiful girls and an alien invasion that will force them to face monsters of any kind...including the ones from their past. The visual "degeneration" of the image ... through successive rephotography is paralleled by the compression of verbal information to the point of its loss of legibility; yet, both the "degenerated" sound and image are perceptually engaging, even in the most advanced stages of "degeneration". It is obvious why the film has its title, because of the strategies of its coming into being, but, paradoxically, at the level of effect, its dynamics arise from its "Episodic Degeneration". After being framed for a kidnapping, an honest cop races against time to clear his name and catch the conspirator. By 2017, the global economy has collapsed and American society has become a totalitarian police state, censoring all cultural activity. The government pacifies the populace by broadcasting a number of game shows in which convicted criminals fight for their lives, including the gladiator-style The Running Man, hosted by the ruthless Damon Killian, where "runners" attempt to evade "stalkers" and certain death for a chance to be pardoned and set free. Donghyun, who works at a real estate office, is surrounded by angry customers due to his boss' disappearance after the greenbelt revocation plan has been cancelled on the land they purchased. A former convict, named Raul Vela, and a cabaret singer, called Clara, are a couple who tries to lead a normal life. He has found an employment and she wants to leave the cabaret. One day an old chief, who wants to disappear, proposes him to justify his supposed death in a supposed accident. In exchange, Raul will receive one hundred thousand pesetas as gratification. Raul refuses to engage in the deception. Shortly after, he reads in a newspaper about the death of Cervera, which makes the police relate him to the case. When the American ambassador to Italy is kidnapped, a rogue U.S. government agent makes demands that send the President and the C.I.A. scrambling to protect a mysterious covert government project involving memory transference. With his brain recently scanned into a hard drive, the ambassador's knowledge of all international undercover agents becomes a hot commodity on the black market and only one scientist has the know-how to implant that data into another host. With a plethora of double agents in the mix, the C.I.A. dispatches Agent John Ramsay to find and secure the scientist. But, knowing who to trust becomes virtually impossible as corruption and treachery trickle down from the highest levels in this pulse-pounding spy thriller. In the world of Sougo Tokiwa and Sento Kiryu, their "companions" are losing their memories one after the other as they're replaced by other people. The Super Time Jacker, Tid , appears before them. He orders his powerful underlings, Another Double and Another Den-O, to pursue a young boy called Shingo. While fighting to protect Shingo, Sougo meets Ataru, a young man who loves Riders, but Ataru says that Kamen Riders aren't real. What is the meaning of those words? While the mystery deepens, the true enemy that Sougo and Sento must defeat appears in the Kuriogatake mountain... Britt Reid (Seth Rogen), the heir to the largest newspaper fortune in Los Angeles, is a spoiled playboy who has been, thus far, happy to lead an aimless life. After his father (Tom Wilkinson) dies, Britt meets Kato (Jay Chou), a resourceful company employee. Realizing that they have the talent and resources to make something of their lives, Britt and Kato join forces as costumed crime-fighters to bring down the city's most-powerful criminal, Chudnofsky (Christoph Waltz). The imperial forces of Lord Quimio capture princess Felelia and steal a big cargo of vital force for the rebellion. Obi Wan Quequena, warned by the princess, starts gathering a group of brave people to recover the force, save the princess and end the empire that strikes the galaxy. In End of the World, the fate of humanity lies in the hands of two guys who run a video rental store and are "sci-fi obsessed" movie fans.  And who better to save the world, than guys who have seen all the movies and all the "out there" ways to save it!? A pair of investigators team up with a Special Forces Unit to venture deep inside a war raging between the military and a massive army of Nazi Zombie Stormtroopers. Their mission is to fight their way behind enemy lines, locate the technology at the source of this growing threat and prevent the seemingly inevitable rise of the 4th Reich. In ancient Egypt, peasant Mathayus is hired to exact revenge on the powerful Memnon and the sorceress Cassandra, who are ready to overtake Balthazar's village. Amid betrayals, thieves, abductions and more, Mathayus strives to bring justice to his complicated world. A troubled family moves to New York. Jamie is a makeup artist for a local bikini contest on the beautiful South Beach of Miami. Her life appears to be falling apart when her boyfriend leaves her in a jealous rage. Her wild and gorgeous friends, Dev and Bink, convince her to be a contestant in the contest while her ex-boyfriend's bumbling private detective hilariously tries to track her. In a transformation of innocence to high-profile model, Jamie heats up Miami at South Beach. In the waning years of the Ming Dynasty, the Bruneian Empire offers a rare creature to the nation as a gift. Ocean, a member of the Imperial Secret Police, has been tasked to tame the beast. Though the furry beast appears ferocious on the outside, Ocean discovers that it is kind by nature. Not wanting to turn the beast into a killing machine on the battlefield, Ocean secretly releases the beast into the wild and elopes with Frigid, the daughter of a man executed on false charges. A straightforward mission turns into much more for an expert martial artist. During the tumultuous time of the Shenlong Era of the Tang Dynasty, martial artist Xie Yun Liu is commanded by his master to escort Prince Li Chong Mao to the capital city of Chang'an.  As Yun Liu and Chong Mao are traveling through the Fenghua Valley, they witness Crown Prince Li Chong Jun and Princess Li Hua Wan being attacked,and Yun Liu ends up reluctantly coming to the rescue. Hailed as their savior, Yun Liu is invited back to the imperial Li family's mansion for a celebration, only to find himself in the thick of other assassination attempts by the warring Wu family.  When Yun Liu is challenged to a deadly battle by Lu Wei Lou, the head of the Ming Sect, can he survive the predicament with his life? Kismath (English: Destiny) is a 2016 Indian Malayalam romantic drama film written and directed by debutante Shanavas K Bavakkutty. It stars Shane Nigam and Shruty Menon as two star-crossed lovers from different religious backgrounds. It is produced by Shailaja Manikandan under the banner of Pattam Cinema Company, and in association with LJ FIlms and Akbar Travels.  The film narrates the real-life story of a Ponnani couple - a 28-year-old scheduled caste woman and a 23-year-old Muslim man - who faced backlash from society for their relationship in 2011. Living a troubled home-life, a teenager becomes so stressed out with everything around her that she disappears into a series of fantasy-related books. While trying to escape her situation, she soon finds herself living in feudal Japan with a ninja master and his students who inform her that she's in a separate dimension from her regular life and are to help train together in the way of the ninja. When the training's complete, the girls learn that an evil warlord that left them orphans has intentions on killing them all as well, forcing the girls to team up together with all their training to defeat the madman and live in peace again. Gods come to Earth to prevent its destruction. The film is based on the true story about a Soviet KV-1 crew of a Soviet KV-1 tank, under the command of Semyon Konovalov , whom despite being heavily outnumbered by German forces, destroyed 16 tanks, 2 armored vehicles and 8 other enemy vehicles  at the village of Nizhnemytyakin, Tarasovsky district, Rostov region on July 13th, 1942. Hell-bent on avenging the murder of his family, a former detective infiltrates a remote island that serves as a prison for vicious death row criminals. Inspector Boro is an incorruptible, no-nonsense cop highly skilled in martial arts who gets suspended for bashing up a well connected gang of traffickers. A Superintendent of Police asks him to unofficially track down a girl named Sabrina Rai who has been missing for four days. While investigating, he learns that someone had taken her from her village to Guwahati city under the pretext of training her for the hospitality industry. While trying to track her down, Inspector Boro finds that her phone is switched off and she is missing from her hostel. He then heads to Guwahati and punches and kicks his way to the uncomfortable truth - Sabrina might have been entangled in a trafficking ring run by a corrupt policeman. A game that has been played for millennium , A game that can identify truth and lies , A game that can identify loyalty and treachery and distinguish between right and wrong. The film revolves around a small police investigation in Rudravaram village, which leads to solving a mystery around the underworld. Legendary tomb explorer Hu Bayi is on a dangerous mission as he seeks out the Tomb of Emperor Xian, located on an island of monstrous creatures in this mystical action-adventure. U.C. 0097, one year after the opening of "Laplace's Box".  Despite the revelation of the Universal Century Charter that acknowledges the existence and rights of Newtypes, the framework of the world has not been greatly altered.  The conflict later dubbed the "Laplace Incident" is thought to have ended with the downfall of the Neo Zeon remnants known as the Sleeves. In its final battle, two full psycho-frame mobile suits displayed power beyond human understanding. The white unicorn and the black lion were sealed away to remove this danger from people's consciousness, and they should now be completely forgotten.  However, the RX-0 Unicorn Gundam 03, which disappeared two years earlier, is now about to show itself in the Earth Sphere once more. A golden phoenix... named Phenex. Don Mendo, Marquess of Cabra, gallant and dashing knight of medieval Castilian, is also a virtuous mandoline player and a specialist in climbing towers. But he has a bad run, all played and all lost at seven-thirty (card game), and lost his honor playing in his latest escalation of love to the apartment of his beloved and beautiful Magdalena. Don Nuno Manso de Jarama, father of Magdalena, has pledged the hand of his daughter to the Duke of Toro,  and surprises Don Mendo in the room of Magdalena. To save the honor of his beloved one, Don Mendo says that no love has led him to the Tower, but he has climbed to steal. Magdalena is clean of all suspicion, and he is condemned to die buried in the castle wall. The Marquess of Moncada and other noble gentlemen, all friends of Don Mendo, facilitate his escape. A Goon-For-Hire is taught to be a better person..when the time comes, will he choose the path of good or evil? Awang finds himself jobless after his boss En. Tapa fires him, all because he beat up and injured Pak Mahmud while collecting debt repayment. He tries to make money by selling of a golden drill, which is a valuable antique owned by his mother. Unfortunately for him, he doesn't have the necessary document needed to sell it off. The kids are going about their lives like other children, at times finding it difficult to control their powers. It is only during a school trip when they run into the mysterious circus performer, Erma , that things start to heat up. Kotikokkadu is about Satya who runs a real-estate agency. His only goal is to fulfill his father's dream of living a billionaire's life. As a shortcut to achieve this goal, he starts robbing the illegal money held by the tax evaders. In order to put everyone in the dark, Satya claims that all those crimes are done by his look-alike thug Shiva. Not with standing that the two businessmen and a corrupt cop have started making moves to nail Satya. Does the police catch Satya with ample and substantial evidence or does he manage to walk scot-free? The gay mafia "Gang of Cherry" is residing at a construction site somewhere in Thailand. One of its most notorious members is Mac aka "PlayBoy", a gay male prostitute with an addiction for sm sex. Bipolar Cherry is the gang's leader. The situation escalates when a shipment of drugs disappears. American tycoon George Harrison, his beautiful wife, Mona, and deep-sea diver Jeff Clark are off the coast of Africa hoping to salvage a fortune in diamonds at the bottom of the sea near the voodoo-haunted island of Mora Tau, and are joined by an English girl named Jan. The treasure is reported to be guarded by Zombies, walking dead-men doomed to roam the earth until men stop trying to find the sacred treasure. Here, they are walking the sea-bottom, and there is a large conflict of interest between them and the treasure-seekers. In honor of his birthday, San Francisco banker Nicholas Van Orton, a financial genius and a cold-hearted loner, receives an unusual present from his younger brother, Conrad: a gift certificate to play a unique kind of game. In nearly a nanosecond, Nicholas finds himself consumed by a dangerous set of ever-changing rules, unable to distinguish where the charade ends and reality begins. A group of Central-American teen-agers depart from the slums of Guatemala City escaping poverty and violence, towards the promised land of California. Second of three films compiling the "Code Geass: Hangyaku no Lelouch" TV anime. Snoop Dogg Maquinaria Festival 2011 For the protagonist 'abbai' (Sree Vishnu), life is all about taking care of his elder sister and doting parents until they are all killed in a mysterious bomb blast. The plot follows this youngster going all out to avenge their deaths. When mailman Bridd Takes his sexy date Charlotte home, they find their boss on the floor with a mail opener stuck in his chest. The assailants are also after Bridd and he has to use all his talents to foil an extra-terrestrial complot. The film "Sword of the Sword" revolves around the extremely special occupation of the anti-drug police, on the one hand to the anti-drug police blue sea and family family clues, through a series of intricate events, highlighting the lonely and dangerous occupation of the burden Stress and responsibility. On the other hand about the anti-drug police who face the crime, courage, fear of the sacrifice of the spirit of dedication and depth of the wolf points cut off the story of drug trafficking. The film reveals the mysterious subject, passing positive positive energy, but also let the public more understanding of this ordinary and great mysterious career.  Peter Parker and his friends go on a summer trip to Europe. However, they will hardly be able to rest - Peter will have to agree to help Nick Fury uncover the mystery of creatures that cause natural disasters and destruction throughout the continent. When Quinn, a grouchy pilot living the good life in the South Pacific, agrees to transfer a savvy fashion editor, Robin, to Tahiti, he ends up stranded on a deserted island with her after their plane crashes. The pair avoid each other at first, until they're forced to team up to escape from the island -- and some pirates who want their heads. Set during the Heian Period, Kyo is a beautiful city that is proud of its glory. Two beautiful onmyouji meet, and the sad and short-lived beautiful cherry blossom starts to stir after 1000 years. This examination of a famous scandal from the 1970s explores the relationship between Barbara Baekeland and her only son, Antony. Barbara, a lonely social climber unhappily married to the wealthy but remote plastics heir Brooks Baekeland, dotes on Antony, who is homosexual. As Barbara tries to "cure" Antony of his sexuality -- sometimes by seducing him herself -- the groundwork is laid for a murderous tragedy. A Presidential candidate running against the Vice-President plans a trip to the Balkans to negotiate the release of American servicemen being held hostage. Before he leaves, he receives a disk documenting evidence that the Vice-President has been trying to revive the American economy by causing a war in the Balkans. He plans to show it to both sides in the hopes of ending the situation. However, Secret Service agents hijack the Concorde he is on and kill the pilots. It's up to an Air Force officer, nicknamed "Washout" because he can't fly a plane, to land the Concorde. Written by Leigh Roche Short -  -  Humberto Berlanga, Julian Bucio, Axel Cabello The City of Joy, is a "target" for a gang of terrorists. The story carries the heroism of two  persons Surya and Ganga. Surya who was assigned to the duty of imprisoning the culprits responsible for the explosion that shook the city and its inhabitants were in the grip of fear. Ganga was a hardworking lad and believed in doing anything that came his way. Four hundred brave volunteers fought alongside the army to defend Ayothaya when it came under attack after enemies tried to capture the cities of Tanaosri and Muang. In the hazy aftermath of World War III, the fallout from a 'nuclear misunderstanding' is producing strange mutations amongst the survivors, and the noble Lord Fortnum finds himself transforming into a bed sitting room. When straight arrow FBI agent Roy Clayton heads up the investigation into a dangerous international conspiracy, all clues seem to lead back to former U.S. Special Operations officer, Samir Horn.  Tommy Lee (Phillip Rhee) comes to visit his sister and finds that the town is being overrun with members of the Arian brotherhood. These Arian brothers certainly weren't expecting a Taekwondo expert to show up. Tommy and his sister's husband played by Christopher Mcdonald team up to stop the racism. whats better than watching neo-nazis get the crap kicked out of them? when the person kicking the crap out of them is dressed like homie the killer clown, complete with big red shoes and a foam nose. and thats just ONE of the MANY many many many many many cinematic jewels contained within this action packed blessing to the silver screen.this is the best worst martial arts film since sonny chiba's street fighter! you don't believe me? see for yourself namby-pants and check out the best of the best 3. now!!!  This is the third and final part of a 3-part theatrical film remake of the first 2 seasons of the parent anime. Hard criticism of excessive consumption and exploitation of natural resources by our society. 2017 Telugu Movie (Acted by karthi)When the materialistic businessman, Gopikrishna, is diagnosed with a life-threatening disease, he decides to take a 30 days trip with his son, Karthik, who also has a materialistic approach to life. Along the way, they meet various people who give them a fresh perspective on life, while Gopikrishna tries to hide the fact of his impending death from his son. A Big Night in with Darren Hayes, was recorded in the Concert Hall of the Sydney Opera House in Sydney, Australia in July 2006. It was the third tour undertaken by Australian singer-songwriter Darren Hayes as a solo artist. The tour was undertaken to celebrate the release of Savage Garden's 10th anniversary greatest hits album. The staging for the tour was simple, with a 'living room' feel, featuring a bar, dining area and wardrobe. The show featured a great deal of audience participation. 