A Documentary on the Making of 'Gore Vidal's Caligula' A millionaire leaves all his fortune to his older granddaughter. But his two granddaughters are twins and nobody knows who's the older one is.  A movie about sexual love as a drunk woman finds her way to a man's house in the middle of the night. Dong-wook is on his first day of work and finds out there's only the female owner and the female team manager in the office. The team manager Mi-ran claim everyone's gone on vacation and shows Dong-wook his seat. However, Dong-wook is surprised at the way she approaches him. They secretly have sex in the office. Later, he has a talk with Eun-min the owner and she tells him to be good to her if he wants to keep working there. Then she asks him for a massage. Now, Mi-ran and Eun-min start to bully him in the most peculiar way. An experiment on the affect sex has on diet.  Yeong-gyu and Tae-joon are making a documentary.  The first week, they have sex once with one woman.  The second week, they have sex twice with two women.  The third week, they have sex three times with three women.  Regardless of nationality, marriage or past?!  Where is the end of this reckless project that goes on for 3 weeks with 6 women? Sexy VJ Flirty-zel is waiting for her prince when her boyfriend goes bankrupt and forces her to VJ for an adult website under the name of VJ Flirty-zel. She instantly gets famous but Ji-yeon dreams of escaping the 'prison' as she suffers from abuse and pressure every day. Meanwhile, a man who adores her on the internet finds out where she's held captive... This hostel is full of beautiful women!  Hyeon-soo manages a hostel run by his friend Jeong-ho. It's a hostel for foreign female students. There is a Korean-American from LA, a Japanese who's here to learn Korean out of love for K-Pop and his friend's sister who just happens to be there. These women are very outspoken and Hyeon-soo and Jeong-ho fall for them. This hostel is full of beautiful women!  Hyeon-soo manages a hostel run by his friend Jeong-ho. It's a hostel for foreign female students. There is a Korean-American from LA, a Japanese who's here to learn Korean out of love for K-Pop and his friend's sister who just happens to be there. These women are very outspoken and Hyeon-soo and Jeong-ho fall for them. Baek-ho lives in his brother's house and he's a jobless man with his mind in the gutter. He steals his in-law's panties for his own pleasure.  One day he is caught. Henry Steele is a basketball phenom at his small town high school, but when he matriculates to a big city university on a scholarship, soon realizes that he has few skills outside the sport. Expected by his coach to contribute significantly to the team, Henry is overwhelmed by the demands on his time, the "big business" aspect of college sports, and the fact that he never fully learned to read. Things look bleak for Henry when Janet Hays, a pretty graduate student, is assigned as Henry's tutor. Her intellect and strength lift Henry out of his doldrums just in time to battle the coach, who attempts to rescind Henry's scholarship. Love, motherhood and a musical career strike dissonant chords in this dark tale of a young Russian woman who tries to keep her balance among wealthy French expats in New York. Brazil in the early 70s. Miguel, Eloi, Osvaldo and Paolo take part in armed attacks against the military dictatorship. They pay a heavy price with torture and arrest. Today the four friends still see each other. Only Miguel is politically active. On a photograph from a political meeting in Sao Paolo he recognises the policeman who tortured them 25 years ago and who was responsible for the death of Miguel's girlfriend. The policeman has been officially dead for a few years. On one of their fishing trips together, Miguel tells his friends of his discovery. When they hunt down and confront their nemesis they come into conflict with both themselves and each other. The first movie based on the TV Series The Testament of Sister New Devil, takes place right after the season 2 final. A vampiric doctoral student tries to follow the philosophy of a nocturnal comrade and control her thirst for blood. In the foothills of the Andes, the dreams of a widowed father and his son shelter their quiet relationship from the cruelty of neighbors, until a desperate act of violence tears them apart. It takes the brave intervention of a stranger to reunite them once again in the place of their dreams. Some secretaries use more than skills to get ahead. A performance artist turns up dead with a carrot up her butt by LAX. Three detectives interview her friends to find out who killed her and why. Maureen is pregnant and her husband Eddie is missing. Nervous, Maureen shares a couple of drinks with neighbor Kiefer, who tries to rape her and then beats her. When Eddie returns and finds his wife bruised, he goes ballistic, shoots a paramedic and is put in a psychiatric institution. Ten years later, Eddie is released and finds that Maureen has divorced him and is remarried with three children, one of whom is his little girl Jeanie. Eddie goes to reclaim his wife More than half a century after independence, the Algerian question remains a taboo subject in France and arouses passions. Whatever the words, whatever the decisions, there will always be a side that feels aggrieved. Why does time fail to cure resentment? From the signing of the Evian agreements in 1962 to the skid of the candidate Macron, who was in February 2017 in opposition to the "Pieds Noirs" community for comparing the colonization of Algeria to a crime against humanity. The story is told through the experiences of exiles, activists, former soldiers and politicians, all involved in the events. If you've never been good at anything in your life, why would murder be any different? Patrick (David Hewlett) has always had a somewhat combative relationship with his little sister Marilyn (Kate Hewlett), but when she brings home her new sci-fi soap star fiance Ryan (Paul McGillion), it's all out war. When Patrick fails to drive a wedge between the happy couple, he reaches for sharper instruments. A newsreel spoof with WWII homefront gags, including rationing, air raid drills and women filling in men's jobs. The sickness returns in THE HOSPITAL 2, the new film from Deviant Pictures. The discography of Roy Orbison (1936-1988) - which yielded some of the most heartfelt, passionate classics of the rock 'n' roll era - shined even brighter with the release of Mystery Girl, the last album Orbison recorded, in 1989. The commercial success of Mystery Girl was nothing short of impressive: the album was a Top 5 hit, eventually earning Orbison his first platinum award for over 1 million sales, and featured the worldwide Top 10 smash "You Got It." Mystery Girl: Unraveled features a new hour-long documentary on the making of the album, executive produced by Roy's sons. The documentary includes new interviews with those behind the album including Steve Cropper, Tom Petty, Mick Campbell and Jeff Lynne. In addition there are eight wonderful music videos, including an unreleased alternate video for "She's a Mystery to Me" and three new videos for "The Way Is Love," "You Got It" and "California Blue. Two soldiers from opposite sites get stuck between the front lines in the same trench. The UN is asked to free them and both sides agree on a ceasefire, but will they stick to it? Recorded at Bray Studios, England before a small audience for the MTV Unplugged series, Eric Clapton performed a live acoustic set which included his successful 1991 single "Tears in Heaven" and an acoustic version of "Layla". The accompanying album became the most successful live album ever released. Nothing in her background destined Loie Fuller from the American Midwest to become a Belle Epoque icon, even less a dancer at the Paris Opera. Even at the risk of destroying her back and burning her eyes with the stage lights, she will never falter in the quest to perfect her dance. But her encounter with Isadora Duncan, a prodigious young dancer hungry for fame and glory, will precipitate the fall of this icon at the beginning of the twentieth century. A parable made in the manner of an old silent comedy about artistry and illusion. A crazed military explosives expert heads for Los Angeles with an RV full of explosives, intending to blow up a rock festival and kill all the "hippies". An army officer is sent to stop him. Jay, a failed musician, walked out of his family and now earns a living as head bartender in a trendy London pub. Every Wednesday afternoon a woman comes to his house for graphic, almost wordless, sex. One day Jay follows her and finds out about the rest of her life (and that her name is Claire). This eventually disrupts their relationship. The calving of an Arctic iceberg releases a giant praying mantis, trapped in suspended animation since prehistoric times. It first attacks military outposts to eat their occupants, then makes its way to the warmer latitudes of Washington and New York. A paleontologist works together with military units to try to kill it. (copied from IMDB) Plagued by the abuse of her past and the turmoil of failed intimate encounters, Laura struggles to find a lover and a sense of normalcy. Her beacon of hope comes in sixteen year-old Eva, a talented pianist disillusioned by the life her mother imposes upon her. An unlikely relationship is formed between the two and Eva becomes an obsession to Laura. In light of Eva's unhappiness, Laura convinces her to runaway to her house and they soon find themselves caught within an intense entanglement. Manipulation, denial and codependency fuel what ultimately becomes a fractured dynamic that can only sustain itself for so long. An assassin is shot by her ruthless employer, Bill, and other members of their assassination circle - but she lives to plot her vengeance. The setting is Camp Firewood, the year 1981. It's the last day before everyone goes back to the real world, but there's still a summer's worth of unfinished business to resolve. At the center of the action is camp director Beth, who struggles to keep order while she falls in love with the local astrophysics professor. He is busy trying to save the camp from a deadly piece of NASA's Skylab which is hurtling toward earth. All that, plus: a dangerous waterfall rescue, love triangles, misfits, cool kids, and talking vegetable cans. The questions will all be resolved, of course, at the big talent show at the end of the day. A lonely girl befriend a witch in the woods who has alter motives in this adult fairy tale. An Amazon princess comes to the world of Man in the grips of the First World War to confront the forces of evil and bring an end to human conflict. Pauline has no news from Bruce, the married man whom she has an affair with. During her break in the countryside with her friend Violette, she will spend the whole stay waiting for...a text message. Experimenting the thousand stages of obsessive love. Tired of poverty, Jane finally accepts the advances of Ambrose, the wealthy owner of the factory in which she works, and becomes his mistress. Years later, long after she has left Ambrose, Jane falls in love with Richard Newton, whose own past, like hers, hardly stands out as scrupulous. They get married and have a child, but then Richard finds out that Jane had been a kept woman, and insists on a separation. A lively, outspoken single mother develops an unlikely friendship with a shy cartoonist. In lawless storm ravaged New Orleans, eleaguered Detective Sean Riley is trying to cope with the death of his young son and the abandonment of his wife. Facing a probable suspension from the department, Riley is teamed with a young homicide Detective, Will Ganz, to help solve a series of brutal murders that have plunged the city into a major gang war. The two quickly realize there is something far more sinister going on than either could have ever imagined. The astounding story of Tanya Kach made international headlines when she revealed she had been living in captivity for 10 years, just a stone's throw from her home. True Stories gains key insight into how a 14-year-old girl vanished without trace, only to resurface a decade later, still living within the same community.  Her school security guard, Thomas Hose, a man 24 years her senior, had kept Tanya as his sex slave, occasionally letting her out of the house into town after four years, yet no one in their small community recognised her as the missing girl.  Now, with exclusive access, Tanya Kach recounts her 10-year hell and, for the first time, the many sides to this disturbing and tragic story are told through the key characters, including Tanya's estranged family, her high school friends and the police who worked on the missing person investigation. A drab, run-of-the-mill guy witnesses a vampiress devour a bum and becomes so infatuated with her, he tracks her down and traps her in a basement so she can't kill again. Get up close and personal with 16 of the most successful women in the adult film industry as they shed their clothes for an intimate photo shoot with director Deborah Anderson. As questions are asked, personal stories about their lives are revealed, from why they chose the business of sex to how they got into it in the first place. These porn stars have always been discreet about their private lives in the past, yet Anderson has a way of opening up a dialog allowing them to share more than just their naked skin on screen. Their true inner vulnerability is touching, yet the characters they have created are confident and intoxicating. Once you hear their stories, you'll never look at them in the same way again. This docudrama highlights the complexities of compensation through the legal system for medical malpractice. For when the mother attempts to investigate the hospital procedure of using forceps to deliver her now retarded child, her husband frowns upon this and would rather ignore the whole thing. Brian Hartley has finally found the girl of his dreams in Linda. Unfortunately, he can't convince her or himself that it's really true. When she catches him with another woman, she finally decides she's had enough and vows to never see him again. Frenzied from the loss, Brian breaks into her house to try to talk her into seeing him again, but Linda and her roommates Kim and Sharon instead bind him to the bed.   Paris, France, early 19th century. The legendary convict Francois Vidocq lives in disguise trying to escape from a tragic past that torments him. When, after an unfortunate event, he crosses paths with the police chief, he makes a bold decision that will turn the ruthless mastermind of the Parisian underworld against him. Teresa is a stewardess who lives a perfect life in the midst of his impeccable suits world clean and prepared foods. However the world scares land: men, motherhood, love ... Meanwhile, Julian, a young doctor, must travel to Ushuaia to throw the ashes of his dead wife in the place where they fell in love. An omnibus of tales of horror and adventure by the master of suspense Damon Packard  When 30 something Sean meets Eastern European immigrant Wolf, sparks fly.  They return to Sean's apartment and begin a high energy and hugely sexual affair.  What starts as a mere chance meeting slowly evolves into something more. Wolf is easy going, turning tricks to supplement his living, while Sean is needy, talkative and neurotic. Creating a stable relationship is fraught with problems. With Wolf disappearing for hours at a time and Sean doing drugs the two of them seem to be headed down a path of destruction. A gang of thieves decides to hit the headquarters of Aspex. The police intervened and only two of the robbers managed to escape with the loot, while the other two are forced to take hostages to escape. The police started investigations but also the gang leader, the Cat, will be hunting the first two escaped with the loot to get money, and revenge for their escape. A journey through the life and career of Fernand Fox and, at the same time, a ride through the Luxembourg theatre, TV and film world from the fifties to now. A portrait of the actor, as Luxembourg knows him, and an intimate look at the other side of Fernand, the person. As he played in over 120 theatre productions and films, the story of his career is also the story of the development of Luxembourg's theatre and early film scene. Bizarre nightmares plague Regan MacNeil four years after her possession and exorcism. Has the demon returned? And if so, can the combined faith and knowledge of a Vatican investigator and a hypnotic research specialist free her from its grasp?  When a family visits Grandma's house on Christmas Eve, they leave their dog at home alone. And when burglars try to take the presents from under the tree, the dog must use every trick it knows to stop them. CAPTIVE AUDIENCE, the most depraved of this trilogy, shows the horror of compliance. A teenage comedy film about a young Yorkie. "Rising" opened the first movie on screen.  The story of fun gangs of teenage age 15+ hormones gurgling at the curiosity to try on their love and sex has spread out. Matt and Christina Drayton are a couple whose attitudes are challenged when their daughter brings home a fiance who is black. Steve Coogan, an arrogant actor with low self-esteem and a complicated love life, is playing the eponymous role in an adaptation of "The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman" being filmed at a stately home. He constantly spars with actor Rob Brydon, who is playing Uncle Toby and believes his role to be of equal importance to Coogan's. America is addicted to oil. President George Bush said so... and now that phrase is echoed everywhere. But are we really "addicted"? Our daily lives are dripping in oil. It's in virtually everything we use and fuels everything we do. To be sure, it is something to worry about. Are we going to run out? Aren't we fighting wars for oil? But, if we do slow the flow, how will that change the way we live? When it comes to what we're told about oil, there's rhetoric and then there's reality. Who can we believe? The media? Politicians? Environmental activists? You'd be surprised. For nearly ten years, journalist turned media analyst MARK MATHIS has studied our use of oil. And what he found shocked him so thoroughly that he made a movie about the misinformation, distortions and even outright lies about oil. We do have an "oil problem" in America (and the world), but it's not what you've been told. So, it's time to Fill Up on Truth... for a change. Colonel Robert Sikes is on a mission to rid his city of crime. As a stealthy, one-man assault team, he will take on street gangs, mobsters, and politicians with extreme prejudice until his mission is complete. His former protege, William Porter, teams up with the local police department to bring his former commander to justice and prevent him from further vigilantism. Seventeen-year-old Shirley is a good student who works as a babysitter in order to make money for college. One night Michael, a father Shirley works for, confesses he's unhappy with married life. Shirley has a crush on Michael, and seizes this moment to kiss him. Michael is so happy he presents Shirley with a big tip, which gives her an idea. Shirley plans to make extra money by setting up her teenage friends with other unhappy fathers. In a remote fortress, a sinister sorority of surgically skilled sisters lie in wait of their next victim. They control a bevy of caged women who have been brain washed and sponge-batherto become the worlds most anatomically awesome surgeons. This is the git-wrenching story of one innocent girl, Sabrina, who finds herself trapped in a living nightmare. Captive to a slavery ring that is training an Phrases of Stephen Foster, set to music by Joel Heartling, are set to film in this autobiographical piece: a solitary female voice, occasionally joined by a chorus, sings phrases of sorrow as we watch a solitary man in shadows in an unadorned house: he stretches out, he picks his feet, he walks across a room, he rocks in a chair. Occasionally he watches two young children at play; the film sometimes speeds up. Handwritten words, like "dark void" and "waiting longing," cross the screen. Film and phrases often come in short bursts. Outdoor it looks gray and cold. Modesty Blaise, a secret agent whose hair color, hair style, and mod clothing change at a snap of her fingers is being used by the British government as a decoy in an effort to thwart a diamond heist. She is being set up by the feds but is wise to the plot and calls in sidekick Willie Garvin and a few other friends to outsmart them. Meanwhile, at his island hideaway, Gabriel, the diamond thief has his own plans for Blaise and Garvin Hollywood, 1927: As silent movie star George Valentin wonders if the arrival of talking pictures will cause him to fade into oblivion, he sparks with Peppy Miller, a young dancer set for a big break. When South Carolina closed its dams the striped bass origanally an ocean fish became landlocked and unable to go to saltwater. After several years, fishermen and biologists realized the fish were thriving and reproducing incredibly for the first time ever in freshwater. The setting is Camp Firewood, the year 1981. It's the last day before everyone goes back to the real world, but there's still a summer's worth of unfinished business to resolve. At the center of the action is camp director Beth, who struggles to keep order while she falls in love with the local astrophysics professor. He is busy trying to save the camp from a deadly piece of NASA's Skylab which is hurtling toward earth. All that, plus: a dangerous waterfall rescue, love triangles, misfits, cool kids, and talking vegetable cans. The questions will all be resolved, of course, at the big talent show at the end of the day. Following the events of Captain America: Civil War, Peter Parker, with the help of his mentor Tony Stark, tries to balance his life as an ordinary high school student in Queens, New York City, with fighting crime as his superhero alter ego Spider-Man as a new threat, the Vulture, emerges. A vengeful father hunts down his daughter's boyfriend on the Fourth of July. Although deeply in love with her boyfriend - and indeed sleeping in the same bed with him - a schoolteacher cannot handle the almost complete lack of intimacy he will allow. Increasingly frustrated, she gradually finds her sexual appetites leading her into ever more risky situations, including a developing one with the headmaster. In the midst of a nasty public breakup of married movie stars, a studio publicist scrambles to put a cap on the escalating situation as the couple's latest film has found it's only print kidnapped by the director. Liquidated after discovering a corporate conspiracy, mild-mannered graphic artist Patience Phillips washes up on an island, where she's resurrected and endowed with the prowess of a cat -- and she's eager to use her new skills ... as a vigilante. Before you can say "cat and mouse," handsome gumshoe Tom Lone is on her tail. Dark, mysterious and sensual, Vampirella (Talisa Soto) is a princess from the Planet Drakulon.  Like all vampires, she needs blood to live, but she will not kill to get it - a synthetic substitute keeps her alive.  After journeying across space and time seeking vengeance for her father's brutal murder, she now finds herself on Earth, in Las Vegas, where her enemy Vlad (Roger Daltry) has disguised himself as a rock star.  In order to stop Vlad's doomsday plan for world domination, Vampirella must make a dangerous alliance with a group of hi-tech vampire hunters.  It's a race to stop the apocalypse of humanity and our fate is in the hands of the fiery, dangerous and beautiful Vampirella. 