Simple-minded Joseph Briteman breaks a golden rule of his 'life skills' program when he walks away unsupervised to rescue his long lost baby sister. To land a role in the movie Hooker X, Asian American actress Windy (Cheryl Ling) researches what life is like as a prostitute. After being mistaken for a real call girl by undercover cops, Windy runs into trouble with a group of thugs and a huge wrestler. Poking fun at the entertainment industry as well as Asian stereotypes, this independent comedy co-stars Pat Morita, Martin Kove and Dean Haglund. Travis and his sister, Whitney, visit their grandparents for the summer and fall through a magical portal which transports him to the world of American hero Paul Bunyan and his big, blue, talking ox, Babe. Dean and Sal are the portrait of the Beat Generation. Their search for "It" results in a fast paced, energetic roller coaster ride with highs and lows throughout the U.S. Twenty-two years after the events of Jurassic Park, Isla Nublar now features a fully functioning dinosaur theme park, Jurassic World, as originally envisioned by John Hammond. John Carter is a war-weary, former military captain who's inexplicably transported to the mysterious and exotic planet of Barsoom (Mars) and reluctantly becomes embroiled in an epic conflict. It's a world on the brink of collapse, and Carter rediscovers his humanity when he realizes the survival of Barsoom and its people rests in his hands. An Amazon princess comes to the world of Man in the grips of the First World War to confront the forces of evil and bring an end to human conflict. The story of an Indian boy named Pi, a zookeeper's son who finds himself in the company of a hyena, zebra, orangutan, and a Bengal tiger after a shipwreck sets them adrift in the Pacific Ocean. Armed with the astonishing ability to shrink in scale but increase in strength, master thief Scott Lang must embrace his inner-hero and help his mentor, Doctor Hank Pym, protect the secret behind his spectacular Ant-Man suit from a new generation of towering threats. Against seemingly insurmountable obstacles, Pym and Lang must plan and pull off a heist that will save the world. The Croods is a prehistoric comedy adventure that follows the world's first family as they embark on a journey of a lifetime when the cave that has always shielded them from danger is destroyed. Traveling across a spectacular landscape, the Croods discover an incredible new world filled with fantastic creatures -- and their outlook is changed forever. A multinational expedition discovers a lost city beneath a pyramid, where they must stop the reawakened gods of ancient Egypt from initiating the apocalypse Astronaut Scorch Supernova finds himself caught in a trap when he responds to an SOS from a notoriously dangerous alien planet. A young boy learns that he has extraordinary powers and is not of this earth. As a young man, he journeys to discover where he came from and what he was sent here to do. But the hero in him must emerge if he is to save the world from annihilation and become the symbol of hope for all mankind. An orphaned boy raised by underground creatures called Boxtrolls comes up from the sewers and out of his box to save his family and the town from the evil exterminator, Archibald Snatcher. A recently slain cop joins a team of undead police officers working for the Rest in Peace Department and tries to find the man who murdered him. Based on the comic by Peter M. Lenkov. The peaceful realm of Azeroth stands on the brink of war as its civilization faces a fearsome race of invaders: orc warriors fleeing their dying home to colonize another. As a portal opens to connect the two worlds, one army faces destruction and the other faces extinction. From opposing sides, two heroes are set on a collision course that will decide the fate of their family, their people, and their home. Interstellar chronicles the adventures of a group of explorers who make use of a newly discovered wormhole to surpass the limitations on human space travel and conquer the vast distances involved in an interstellar voyage. Life for former United Nations investigator Gerry Lane and his family seems content. Suddenly, the world is plagued by a mysterious infection turning whole human populations into rampaging mindless zombies. After barely escaping the chaos, Lane is persuaded to go on a mission to investigate this disease. What follows is a perilous trek around the world where Lane must brave horrific dangers and long odds to find answers before human civilization falls. Six children genetically cross-bred with avian DNA, complete with wings, take flight around the country to discover their origins. When a nun broke her covenant with God to save the life of  her unborn son, Aman, he was cursed for life. As an adult, Aman has killed those who have crossed him. But his curse brings his victims back to life and they pursue him for revenge, so Aman enlists a young gunman to fight by his side against his undead victims. Ford Brody, a Navy bomb expert, has just reunited with his family in San Francisco when he is forced to go to Japan to help his estranged father, Joe. Soon, both men are swept up in an escalating crisis when Godzilla, King of the Monsters, arises from the sea to combat malevolent adversaries that threaten the survival of humanity. The creatures leave colossal destruction in their wake, as they make their way toward their final battleground: San Francisco. When an unexpected enemy emerges and threatens global safety and security, Nick Fury, director of the international peacekeeping agency known as S.H.I.E.L.D., finds himself in need of a team to pull the world back from the brink of disaster. Spanning the globe, a daring recruitment effort begins! A teenager finds herself transported to a deep forest setting where a battle between the forces of good and the forces of evil is taking place. She bands together with a rag-tag group characters in order to save their world--and ours. An aging, skateboarding veterinarian Sir Billi goes above and beyond the call of duty fighting villainous policemen and powerful lairds in a battle to save an illegal fugitive - Bessie Boo the beaver! Interpol Inspector Zenigata begins a world-wide hunt for the infamous thief Lupin The 3rd. But together, they face a powerful enemy and form the Lupin team in response. The Lupin team then faces the challenge of retrieving the "Crimson Heart of Cleopatra" locked away in a fort like safe. The treasure is thought to allow its owner to control the world. A young boy and his dog, who happens to have a genius-level IQ, spring into action when their time-travel machine is stolen and moments in history begin to be changed. Dorothy wakes up in post-tornado Kansas, only to be whisked back to Oz to try to save her old friends the Scarecrow, the Lion, the Tin Man and Glinda from a devious new villain, the Jester. Wiser the owl, Marshal Mallow, China Princess and Tugg the tugboat join Dorothy on her latest magical journey through the colorful landscape of Oz to restore order and happiness to Emerald City. Bilbo Baggins, a hobbit enjoying his quiet life, is swept into an epic quest by Gandalf the Grey and thirteen dwarves who seek to reclaim their mountain home from Smaug, the dragon. Tarzan, having acclimated to life in London, is called back to his former home in the jungle to investigate the activities at a mining encampment. English folk rock band captured live in performance at the Red Rocks Ampitheatre in Colorado in summer 2012. As well as footage of the concert itself the journey of the band to Red Rocks is explored, from their humble origins in the West London music scene to their ability to sell out the spectacular 10,000 capacity open-air amphitheatre. Fuelled by his restored faith in humanity and inspired by Superman's selfless act, Bruce Wayne and Diana Prince assemble a team of metahumans consisting of Barry Allen, Arthur Curry and Victor Stone to face the catastrophic threat of Steppenwolf and the Parademons who are on the hunt for three Mother Boxes on Earth. For a thousand years, the Reapers guarded mankind from the demons that wait in the dark. Now, at the beginning of a new age, the Reapers are betrayed and slaughtered. Only one Reaper remains - Red, and she's out to exact revenge. A father takes his estranged son on a rafting trip into the wilderness that suddenly turns into a struggle for survival. As they get to know each other better, old wounds open up. Each of them slowly becomes aware of the other's side of the story. A city teen travels to Montana to go hunting with his estranged father, only for the strained trip to become a battle for survival when they encounter a grizzly bear An adventurous road trip of two lovers is being captured on camera by a crazy video crew, along with an insane group of musicians who intend to turn this footage into a music video for a music company contract.  Abandoned by his wife, Bernard struggles to overcome his grief and settles in a residence for singles. Employed by "SOS Doctors", he provides night guards to occupy his insomnia. That's how he is brought one night to help a neighbor, Nadine Foulon, victim of discomfort in the elevator. It turns out that Nadine is also going through a difficult time, since her companion, Terry, a singer-guitarist, has left her. A professional photographer, she can not forget it and has since oscillated between depression and bulimia. Gathered by their pains of heart, these two beings will, with the wire of the confidences, become more intimate ... This colorful adventure tells the story of an impetuous mermaid princess named Ariel who falls in love with the very human Prince Eric and puts everything on the line for the chance to be with him. Memorable songs and characters -- including the villainous sea witch Ursula. Abbott and Costello's version of the famous fairy tale, about a young boy who trades the family cow for magic beans. The story is more or less familiar to everyone, though if your entire point of reference is Disney, you are missing a wide range of interpretations and odd deviations. In this version, things are slimmed down for the brief runtime, and Aladdin's role as a weaver reminds more of The Thief and the Cobbler than the street rat of the most famous Western interpretation.  A young man who arrives at a remote island finds himself trapped in a battle for his life. At Kinetech Labs, an inventor named Allan Topher designs a robot for search and rescue, but when he finds out that the robot will be used for military purposes, he programs the robot to flee. The robot escapes but is damaged in the process. It is discovered by 12-year-old Henry Keller, who fixes it and names it Cody. The robot does not remember its past, and Henry and Cody develop a friendship. Eventually, Kinetech and the inventor find Cody and bring the robot back to the laboratories. The inventor feels guilty for taking Cody away, so he returns the robot to Henry. The inventor meets Henry's mother, Joanna, in the process and falls in love. Kinetech wants the robot back, so it kidnaps the inventor and Joanna. Henry and Cody embark to save them and to bring down Kinetech. They are small. They are angry. And every four years or so they appear in masses, seemingly from nowhere. Meet the Norway lemming, perhaps the most misunderstood and mysterious animal of the Scandinavian mountains. In Ancient Greece 1200 B.C., a queen succumbs to the lust of Zeus to bear a son promised to overthrow the tyrannical rule of the king and restore peace to a land in hardship. But this prince, Hercules, knows nothing of his real identity or his destiny. He desires only one thing: the love of Hebe, Princess of Crete, who has been promised to his own brother. When Hercules learns of his greater purpose, he must choose: to flee with his true love or to fulfill his destiny and become the true hero of his time. The story behind one of the greatest myths is revealed in this action-packed epic - a tale of love, sacrifice and the strength of the human spirit. The Little White Cloud That Cried, made in tribute to underground filmmaker Jack Smith, and described as: "Goddesses unharnessing the power of the sea and putting it into a whole new element as they engaged in orgiastic battles and whoopla." --cinematical.com In this family adventure a brother and sister, Mo and Melody, join up with the brilliant scientist and inventor Professor Shonku and his robot helper Robu to find their missing legendary explorer father. Soon they find themselves deep in the Himalayas followed by the evil Franzotti who is tracking a hidden treasure. Along the way they encounter unicorns and other magical creatures, and uncover a hidden paradise kept away from the world. Two youngsters Bahman and Nader who must go to the military service and are searching for a way to escape from that meet each other and become friends. This friendship is the beginning of many troubles and adventures for them. A potpourri of love, drama, passion and culture, "10 Days in Sun City" is a comedy-drama that sees Akpos on another 'adventure', this time, to South Africa, with his girlfriend Bianca. Set in 1941 in Murmansk. A ferryboat ships prisoners and ammunition to battle line to help the fighting against German army. The crew must elude the attack from German warcrafts and control the prisoners' riot. After moving to a small town, Zach Cooper finds a silver lining when he meets next door neighbor Hannah, the daughter of bestselling Goosebumps series author R.L. Stine. When Zach unintentionally unleashes real monsters from their manuscripts and they begin to terrorize the town, it's suddenly up to Stine, Zach and Hannah to get all of them back in the books where they belong. Livingston is trying to merge the Russians, Chinese and Italian gangsters into one group with huge amounts of money and power. FBI agent Susan and DEA agent Max are trying to stop them. Game of Assassins is about General Tu Jia who trains a trio of young assassins to seek revenge against villainous King of Wei. And one of the assassins succumbs to the dark side for temptation of wealth and power. When Bond's latest assignment goes gravely wrong and agents around the world are exposed, MI6 is attacked forcing M to relocate the agency. These events cause her authority and position to be challenged by Gareth Mallory, the new Chairman of the Intelligence and Security Committee. With MI6 now compromised from both inside and out, M is left with one ally she can trust: Bond. 007 takes to the shadows - aided only by field agent, Eve - following a trail to the mysterious Silva, whose lethal and hidden motives have yet to reveal themselves. The course of Ganges River and its worshipers and pilgrims.  The adventures of high school girl Ireesha and her friends (talking frog and guitar-fairy Robby) as she visits Elf world to retrieve her friend's soul. A young Peruvian bear travels to London in search of a new home. Finding himself lost and alone at Paddington Station, he meets the kindly Brown family. John Gregory, who is a seventh son of a seventh son and also the local spook, has protected the country from witches, boggarts, ghouls and all manner of things that go bump in the night. However John is not young anymore, and has been seeking an apprentice to carry on his trade. Most have failed to survive. The last hope is a young farmer's son named Thomas Ward. Will he survive the training to become the spook that so many others couldn't? In the rolling landscape of Appalachia, beauty resides within each valley and atop the crest of each hill. But under the surface of this delicate veneer, a treacherous underbelly lies. A world stricken with drugs, guns, money, and the Mountain Mafia rules all. After completing a covert mission in southern Thailand, CIA agent Gunja finds herself forced to fight off operatives who've been ordered to take her out at all costs. She survives and after two years of laying low, re-emerges in Bangkok to face her old foes and foil a plot to detonate a bomb in the city. The Dwarves, Bilbo and Gandalf have successfully escaped the Misty Mountains, and Bilbo has gained the One Ring. They all continue their journey to get their gold back from the Dragon, Smaug. After spending two decades in England, Bill Bryson returns to the U.S., where he decides the best way to connect with his homeland is to hike the Appalachian Trail with one of his oldest friends. Here's the delightful tale of teamwork and adventure your whole family will love! Air Bud is the proud father of five adorable puppies - the hip-hopping B-Dawg, lovely Rosebud, mellow Buddha, dirt-loving Mudbud, and the big fella Budderball - with an unbelievable secret: They can talk! And the hilarious, hair-raising exploits of these barking, talking, ball-playing pups will have you cheering as they run off on a daring rescue mission to save their parents! In Scotland 1874, Jack is born on the coldest day ever. Because of the extreme cold, his heart stops beating. The responsible midwife in Edinburgh finds a way to save him by replacing his heart with a clock. So he lives and remains under the midwife's protective care. But he must not get angry or excited because that endangers his life by causing his clock to stop working. Worse than that, when he grows up, he has to face the fact he cannot fall in love because that too could stop his delicate heart. Ana, a nine year old girl, arrives with her mother to an isolated beach with the intention to rest and to know the sea. There, she discovers that they are under a terrible threat, therefore she is obligated to look for help with her father in order to save her mother. New CIA operative Aaron Cross experiences life-or-death stakes that have been triggered by the previous actions of Jason Bourne. Spike has just put Tyke to bed for his nap when Tom and Jerry chase out the door to Tyke's crib, waking him up. This gives Tyke an attack of hiccups. Spike warns Tom not to wake him up again, which of course is all Jerry needs... The Texas Rangers chase down a gang of outlaws led by Butch Cavendish, but the gang ambushes the Rangers, seemingly killing them all. One survivor is found, however, by an American Indian named Tonto, who nurses him back to health. The Ranger, donning a mask and riding a white stallion named Silver, teams up with Tonto to bring the unscrupulous gang and others of that ilk to justice. After his career is destroyed, a brilliant but arrogant surgeon gets a new lease on life when a sorcerer takes him under her wing and trains him to defend the world against evil. A modern day adventure about the search for special stones touched by the hand of the Lord and brought to the Americas. Brave is set in the mystical Scottish Highlands, where Merida is the princess of a kingdom ruled by King Fergus and Queen Elinor. An unruly daughter and an accomplished archer, Merida one day defies a sacred custom of the land and inadvertently brings turmoil to the kingdom. In an attempt to set things right, Merida seeks out an eccentric old Wise Woman and is granted an ill-fated wish. Also figuring into Merida's quest -- and serving as comic relief -- are the kingdom's three lords: the enormous Lord MacGuffin, the surly Lord Macintosh, and the disagreeable Lord Dingwall. Based on the novel 'Evolution Man' by Roy Lewis, this tells the story about the first man - young Edward - to descend from apes. Edward is ejected by his tribe, but is very resourceful. He learns to walk, discovers fire, manages to hunt - and we follow him as he evolves. He has a generous nature, and search for true humanity - a world where we don't eat our fathers. A young priest is ordered to preside over the wake of a witch in the church of a remote village. This means spending three nights alone with the corpse with only his faith to protect him. Against the odds of survival WW1 flyer's in the Lafayette Esquadrille risk everything for honor and conquest. The adventurers momentum does not end when the ravages of war and lost friends is over. As sought after undercover agents X WW1 pilots are taken by the first narcotics division of the U.S. Treasury Department to fight the international Opium trade, their way. From a life of war and assassinations retirement is the ultimate goal. No rest for the weary when the local Civil authorities intermixed with the Klan and its bigotry lead that retirement into revenge. From biplanes to Model A's and guns "Alexander Jamieson" moves from 1915 to 1932 during turbulent times of Asia, Costa Rica and the mountains for North Carolina. Four children dream of escaping the tedium of a summer holiday with their mother. When finally given permission to camp on their own on an island in the middle of a vast lake, they are overjoyed. But when they get there they discover they may not be alone... The battle for ownership of a lonely island teaches them the skills of survival, the value of friendship and the importance of holding your nerve. A city in Washington state awakens to the surreal sight of foreign paratroopers dropping from the sky--shockingly, the U.S. has been invaded and their hometown is the initial target. Quickly and without warning, the citizens find themselves prisoners and their town under enemy occupation. Determined to fight back, a group of young patriots seek refuge in the surrounding woods, training and reorganizing themselves into a guerrilla group of fighters. Starts off in the 15th century, with Connor McLeod (Christopher Lambert) training with another immortal swordsman, the Japanese sorcerer Nakano (Mako). When an evil immortal named Kane (Mario Van Peebles) kills the old wizard, the resulting battle leaves him buried in an underground cave. When Kane resurfaces in the 20th century to create havoc, it's up to McLeod to stop him. Amazonia is an adventure in 3D inside the largest rainforest on the planet: the Amazon rainforest. Chestnut is a Capuchin monkey domesticated who survives a plane crash and finds himself alone in the dense forest. The monkey needs to learn to live in freedom, in a new world where animals of all kinds: Jaguars, alligators, snakes, tapirs, hawks. Gradually, Brown learns to live in the forest, making new friends, especially the monkey Gaia, their fellow species. A young man comes to possess a supernatural notebook, the Death Note, that grants him the power to kill any person simply by writing down their name on the pages. He then decides to use the notebook to kill criminals and change the world, but an enigmatic detective attempts to track him down and end his reign of terror. Fourteen hundred years ago, a tormented soul walked the earth that was neither man nor god. Hercules was the powerful son of the god king Zeus, for this he received nothing but suffering his entire life. After twelve arduous labors and the loss of his family, this dark, world-weary soul turned his back on the gods finding his only solace in bloody battle. Over the years he warmed to the company of six similar souls, their only bond being their love of fighting and presence of death. These men and woman never question where they go to fight or why or whom, just how much they will be paid. Now the King of Thrace has hired these mercenaries to train his men to become the greatest army of all time. It is time for this bunch of lost souls to finally have their eyes opened to how far they have fallen when they must train an army to become as ruthless and blood thirsty as their reputation has become. Animal pals Alex, Marty, Melman, and Gloria are still trying to make it back to New York's Central Park Zoo. They are forced to take a detour to Europe to find the penguins and chimps who broke the bank at a Monte Carlo casino. When French animal-control officer Capitaine Chantel DuBois picks up their scent, Alex and company are forced to hide out in a traveling circus. Five world class surfers travel to New Guinea in search of undiscovered waves, but end up discovering so much more. Lucille (Linnea Quigley) is murdered by crime boss Severin (Jim O'Rear) and his thugs, goes to hell and returns five years later as a demon / zombie to get her revenge. The city needs heroes. Darkness has settled over New York City as Shredder and his evil Foot Clan have an iron grip on everything from the police to the politicians. The future is grim until four unlikely outcast brothers rise from the sewers and discover their destiny as Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. The Turtles must work with fearless reporter April and her wise-cracking cameraman Vern Fenwick to save the city and unravel Shredder's diabolical plan. Extreme athlete turned government operative Xander Cage comes out of self-imposed exile, thought to be long dead, and is set on a collision course with deadly alpha warrior Xiang and his team in a race to recover a sinister and seemingly unstoppable weapon known as Pandora's Box. Recruiting an all-new group of thrill-seeking cohorts, Xander finds himself enmeshed in a deadly conspiracy that points to collusion at the highest levels of world governments. A young boy whose parents are going through a bitter divorce, is given hope and courage through the powerful stories embellished by his grandfather. The stories give the boy the inner strength and resolve to confront the inevitable challenges which lie ahead. When Tony Stark's world is torn apart by a formidable terrorist called the Mandarin, he starts an odyssey of rebuilding and retribution. As an asteroid nears Earth, a man finds himself alone after his wife leaves in a panic. He decides to take a road trip to reunite with his high school sweetheart. Accompanying him is a neighbor who inadvertently puts a wrench in his plan. In modern day New York City a ninety eight year old women lies helpless on her death bed. As her granddaughter begins to take on the chores of cleaning the apartment, she comes upon a story that her grandmother had been writing. It is the story of Blooming Flowers. The account is from her younger days as a journalist of her 1935 trip to a remote village hidden along the border of China and Cambodia. Joseph and Maria are married for six months and Maria still has never had an orgasm with her husband. They begin to visit mysterious doctor Baltazar who teaches them how to reach ecstasy in sex. Toby, a cynical advertising director finds himself trapped in the outrageous delusions of an old Spanish shoe-maker who believes himself to be Don Quixote. In the course of their comic and increasingly surreal adventures, Toby is forced to confront the tragic repercussions of a film he made in his idealistic youth. When a daredevil kid named Ernie, his sister Julia, and his best friend Max are horsing around in Max's inventor father's workshop, they accidentally trip a time-machine into operation and find themselves transported back in time 65 million years, where they meet a T-Rex named Tyra and her rambunctious dinosaur son Dodger. The unlikely group find themselves on an amazing adventure exploring the lush prehistoric jungle, despite Tyra's evil dinosaur rivals conspiring against them - while, back in the present day, Max's dad and Ernie and Julia's overprotective mom plot their rescue. The separation of a long married couple goes awry when they fall for each other again. When a globe-trotting, workaholic father trying to visit his daughter on a last minute layover in Los Angeles discovers that she's disappeared, he forces her awkward, nervous ex-boyfriend, still nursing a broken heart, to help him find her over the course of one increasingly crazy night. Five school friends seek adventure on Halloween night in an abandoned, haunted mine, only to find to their horror that the ghostly rumors may be true as they fight for survival. The year is 2029. John Connor, leader of the resistance continues the war against the machines. At the Los Angeles offensive, John's fears of the unknown future begin to emerge when TECOM spies reveal a new plot by SkyNet that will attack him from both fronts; past and future, and will ultimately change warfare forever. A group of young people stuck in the small Texas town of Fossil Ridge have to fight for their lives against dinosaurs that have been reanimated by a local scientist. The story of an ancient war that is reignited when a young farmhand unwittingly opens a gateway between our world and a fearsome race of giants. Unleashed on the Earth for the first time in centuries, the giants strive to reclaim the land they once lost, forcing the young man, Jack into the battle of his life to stop them. Fighting for a kingdom, its people, and the love of a brave princess, he comes face to face with the unstoppable warriors he thought only existed in legend-and gets the chance to become a legend himself. Lara Croft, the fiercely independent daughter of a missing adventurer, must push herself beyond her limits when she finds herself on the island where her father disappeared. A young street artist in East Los Angeles is caught between his father's obsession with lowrider car culture, his ex-felon brother and his need for self-expression. Seventeen-year-old Mariah Mundi's life is turned upside down when his parents vanish and his younger brother is kidnapped. Following a trail of clues to the darkly majestic Prince Regent Hotel, Mariah discovers a hidden realm of child-stealing monsters, deadly secrets and a long-lost artefact that grants limitless wealth--but also devastating supernatural power. With the fate of his world, and his family at stake, Mariah will risk everything to unravel the Curse of the Midas Box. After a massive destruction on Earth, a white girl Alba (14) and a black boy Didac (9), are the only survivors on the Earth. They must start a new world. A Second Origin. Population is over. There are only two survivors. Now, our future depends on them. After witnessing a murder, a hapless pair of misfits escape their own near death experience by posing as male strippers - only to find themselves neck deep in even bigger trouble. From DC Comics comes the Suicide Squad, an antihero team of incarcerated supervillains who act as deniable assets for the United States government, undertaking high-risk black ops missions in exchange for commuted prison sentences. Construction worker Douglas Quaid discovers a memory chip in his brain during a virtual-reality trip. He also finds that his past has been invented to conceal a plot of planetary domination. Soon, he's off to Mars to find out who he is and who planted the chip. In the winter of 1820, the New England whaling ship Essex is assaulted by something no one could believe--a whale of mammoth size and will, and an almost human sense of vengeance. A man who stops into a foster home to drop off some donations soon tells the kids a story about two teenage friends who uncover a long-lost medallion that transports them back in time. Katniss Everdeen reluctantly becomes the symbol of a mass rebellion against the autocratic Capitol. An apocalyptic story set in the furthest reaches of our planet, in a stark desert landscape where humanity is broken, and most everyone is crazed fighting for the necessities of life. Within this world exist two rebels on the run who just might be able to restore order. In Pakistan's Khyber Pakhtunkhua, RAW Agent Vinod (Saif Ali Khan) is rescued by colleague Rajan (Ravi Kishan) from a rogue Pakistani army officer (Shahbaz Khan). In Russia/Uzbekistan, an ex-KGB Officer is tortured and murdered. In Cape Town, a group of international business tycoons discusses a rumor that the dead KGB officer possessed a nuclear suitcase bomb. In Moscow, Rajan is exposed and shot dead while trying to send a Code Red message to India. In India, the head of RAW sees the incomplete message containing just number 242. Agent Vinod undertakes a globe-trotting secret mission to discover the reason why his colleague, Rajan, was murdered. A series of twists and turns take Vinod across the globe to Morocco and Latvia, Karachi to Delhi and finally London where he discovers the actual conspiracy. Sean Anderson partners with his mom's boyfriend on a mission to find his grandfather, who is thought to be missing on a mythical island. When the Sultan's first born is taken by an evil sorcerer, Sinbad is tasked with traveling to a desert of magic and creatures to save her. When the crew of the Enterprise is called back home, they find an unstoppable force of terror from within their own organization has detonated the fleet and everything it stands for, leaving our world in a state of crisis.  With a personal score to settle, Captain Kirk leads a manhunt to a war-zone world to capture a one man weapon of mass destruction. As our heroes are propelled into an epic chess game of life and death, love will be challenged, friendships will be torn apart, and sacrifices must be made for the only family Kirk has left: his crew. Agents J and K are back...in time. J has seen some inexplicable things in his 15 years with the Men in Black, but nothing, not even aliens, perplexes him as much as his wry, reticent partner. But when K's life and the fate of the planet are put at stake, Agent J will have to travel back in time to put things right. J discovers that there are secrets to the universe that K never told him - secrets that will reveal themselves as he teams up with the young Agent K to save his partner, the agency, and the future of humankind. Betrayed by his own kind and left for dead on a desolate planet, Riddick fights for survival against alien predators and becomes more powerful and dangerous than ever before. Soon bounty hunters from throughout the galaxy descend on Riddick only to find themselves pawns in his greater scheme for revenge. With his enemies right where he wants them, Riddick unleashes a vicious attack of vengeance before returning to his home planet of Furya to save it from destruction. no Overview available Asian Hawk (Jackie Chan) leads a mercenary team to recover several lost artifacts from the Old Summer Palace, the bronze heads of the 12 Chinese Zodiac animals which were sacked by the French and British armies from the imperial Summer Palace in Beijing in 1860. Assisted by a Chinese student & a Parisian lady, Hawk stops at nothing to accomplish the mission. Wolverine faces his ultimate nemesis - and tests of his physical, emotional, and mortal limits - in a life-changing voyage to modern-day Japan. The luxuriantly bearded Pirate Captain is a boundlessly enthusiastic, if somewhat less-than-successful, terror of the High Seas. With a rag-tag crew at his side, and seemingly blind to the impossible odds stacked against him, the Captain has one dream: to beat his bitter rivals Black Bellamy and Cutlass Liz to the much coveted Pirate of the Year Award. It's a quest that takes our heroes from the shores of exotic Blood Island to the foggy streets of Victorian London. Along the way they battle a diabolical queen and team up with a haplessly smitten young scientist, but never lose sight of what a pirate loves best: adventure! Deadpool tells the origin story of former Special Forces operative turned mercenary Wade Wilson, who after being subjected to a rogue experiment that leaves him with accelerated healing powers, adopts the alter ego Deadpool. Armed with his new abilities and a dark, twisted sense of humor, Deadpool hunts down the man who nearly destroyed his life. A freak tsunami traps shoppers at a coastal Australian supermarket inside the building ... along with a 12-foot great white shark. When mankind beams a radio signal into space, a reply comes from 'Planet G', in the form of several alien crafts that splash down in the waters off Hawaii. Lieutenant Alex Hopper is a weapons officer assigned to the USS John Paul Jones, part of an international naval coalition which becomes the world's last hope for survival as they engage the hostile alien force of unimaginable strength. While taking on the invaders, Hopper must also try to live up to the potential that his brother, and his fiancee's father, Admiral Shane, expect of him. Nono, a Dutch kid lacking two days being thirteen, runs away from problems at home and, disguised as a girl, takes up with the world's cleverest thief, who unbeknownst to Nono, may hold the bizarre key to his true identity. When an evil spirit known as Pitch lays down the gauntlet to take over the world, the immortal Guardians must join forces for the first time to protect the hopes, beliefs and imagination of children all over the world. A team of explorers discover a clue to the origins of mankind on Earth, leading them on a journey to the darkest corners of the universe. There, they must fight a terrifying battle to save the future of the human race. A look at the relationship between Mike and Sulley during their days at Monsters University -- when they weren't necessarily the best of friends. Two soldiers from opposite sites get stuck between the front lines in the same trench. The UN is asked to free them and both sides agree on a ceasefire, but will they stick to it? A wise-ass on delivery detail ends up on the wrong side of the mob. The adventures of teenager Max McGrath and alien companion Steel, who must harness and combine their tremendous new powers to evolve into the turbo-charged superhero Max Steel. Once home to the most advanced civilization on Earth, Atlantis is now an underwater kingdom ruled by the power-hungry King Orm. With a vast army at his disposal, Orm plans to conquer the remaining oceanic people and then the surface world. Standing in his way is Arthur Curry, Orm's half-human, half-Atlantean brother and true heir to the throne. A 12-year-old boy searches for the one thing that will enable him to win the affection of the girl of his dreams. To find it he must discover the story of the Lorax, the grumpy yet charming creature who fights to protect his world. Jack Harper is one of the last few drone repairmen stationed on Earth.  Part of a massive operation to extract vital resources after decades of war with a terrifying threat known as the Scavs, Jack's mission is nearly complete.  His existence is brought crashing down when he rescues a beautiful  stranger from a downed spacecraft.  Her arrival triggers a chain of events that  forces him to question everything he knows and puts the fate of humanity in his hands. In a time when America's economy was crumbling and sense of community was in question, one guy left everything behind to see if he could survive solely on the support and goodwill of the 21st century's new town square: Craigslist. A half-striped zebra is blamed for the drought and leaves his herd in search of his missing stripes. He is joined on his quest by an overprotective wildebeest and a flamboyant ostrich; they defeat the tyrannical leopard and save his herd. Set in a bustling bird city on the edge of the majestic Victoria Falls, "Zambezia" is the story of Kai - a naive, but high-spirited young falcon who travels to the bird city of "Zambezia" where he discovers the truth about his origins and, in defending the city, learns how to be part of a community An ordinary Lego mini-figure, mistakenly thought to be the extraordinary MasterBuilder, is recruited to join a quest to stop an evil Lego tyrant from gluing the universe together. Having escaped years of imprisonment, vampire warrioress Selene finds herself in a changed world where humans have discovered the existence of both Vampire and Lycan clans and are conducting an all-out war to eradicate both immortal species. Now Selene must battle the humans and a frightening new breed of super Lycans to ensure the death dealers' survival. Clerics are psi-enhanced women warriors with the ability to see potential future outcomes of events and can manipulate reality. During a space voyage, four scientists are altered by cosmic rays: Reed Richards gains the ability to stretch his body; Sue Storm can become invisible; Johnny Storm controls fire; and Ben Grimm is turned into a super-strong ... thing. Together, these "Fantastic Four" must now thwart the evil plans of Dr. Doom and save the world from certain destruction. A Documentary crew entered an asylum to shoot a documentary on the place on Halloween night 2004. Several mysterious things occurred throughout the night leading up to a missing crew member the following morning. SAVING AMERICA'S HORSES A Nation Betrayed is a compelling compilation of expert testimony, undercover footage and true life stories shot against the dramatic backdrops of the American countryside. A traumatized shark expert (Halle Berry) must battle her own fears to lead a thrill-seeking businessman on a dive into a dangerous section of water known as "Shark Alley." The goal of Hawaii, a Voice for Sovereignty is to raise awareness of the issues that threaten the Hawaiians ancient and once-environmentally-sustainable culture. It is an epic documentary about Hawaiian spirituality and the peoples close connection to the land. It focuses on the complicated social, economic and ecological issues that have arisen in Hawaii since the overthrow of Queen Liliuokalani by the United States in 1893. For Hawaiians, sovereignty is the legal, political and moral right to live on and care for the land; build and grow a sustainable economy; protect natural resources; practice spiritual and cultural traditions; honor their ancestral past; and care for family and community. The film is in the voice of native Hawaiian people who address the issues they continue to face in their long struggle to regain sovereignty over their rights and the native lands lost after the U.S. businessmen and military overthrew the Kingdom of Hawaii. Two best friends (Kate and Chloe) embark on a cross country trip back to their hometown to attempt to win a pageant that eluded them as children. After thirty years of marriage, a middle-aged couple attends an intense, week-long counseling session to work on their relationship. A parasitic alien soul is injected into the body of Melanie Stryder. Instead of carrying out her race's mission of taking over the Earth, "Wanda" (as she comes to be called) forms a bond with her host and sets out to aid other free humans. It's Schluufy's birthday, and the Oogieloves (Goobie, Zoozie and Toofie), along with their friends J. Edgar, Windy Window and Ruffy, are organizing a party. (Shh! It's a secret.) Everything is going along just perfectly until J. Edgar trips and loses the last five magical balloons in all of Lovelyloveville--OH NO! The Oogiloves set out to find the magical balloons in time to save their friend's party. Along the way, they meet some very interesting characters indeed, including Dotty Rounder (Cloris Leachman), Bobby Wobbly (Carey Elwes), Milky Marvin (Chazz Palminteri), Rosalie Rosebud (Toni Braxton) and Lola and Lero Sombero (Christopher Lloyd and Jaime Pressly). Can these new friends help them recover the magical balloons and get back to the cottage in time to celebrate Schluufy's surprise birthday? A global quest for adventure, 45 years in the making all in stunning, original footage Hoping to bring his family closer together and to recreate his childhood vacation for his own kids, a grown up Rusty Griswold takes his wife and their two sons on a cross-country road trip to the coolest theme park in America, Walley World. Needless to say, things don't go quite as planned. Something sinister has come to the shores of Erin Island, unbeknownst to the quaint population of this sleepy fishing village resting somewhere off Ireland's coast. First, some fishermen go missing. Then there is the rash of whale carcasses suddenly washing up on the beach. When the murders start, it's up to two mismatched cops - an irresponsible alcoholic and his new partner, a by-the-book woman from the mainland - to protect the townsfolk from the giant, bloodsucking, tentacled aliens that prey upon them. Their only weapon, they discover, is booze. If they want to survive the creatures' onslaught, everyone will have to get very, very drunk! Matt, a self-absorbed young attorney, goes to visit his grandfather - an eccentric recluse who lives in the backwoods without gas, electricity, or phone - to convince him not to give away his estate as he plans to do. But in the end, it is Matt who is convinced to make some life changes. Jason London and Ed Asner star.  When a woman needs someone to look after her aging father (Ed Asner), her irresponsible son isn't her first choice. Matt (Jason London) can't get his career, love life, or wallet in order, so how can he be expected to check in on his grandfather? But desperation leads Matt to visit his grandfather at his home in the middle of nowhere. For Matt, this barebones life takes some adjustment, but then he meets a single mother who helps him learn about the simple life.  When petty thieves discover that mobsters are scheduled to pick up $1 million from a local deli, the gang decides to swoop in and steal the cash. Set in 1965, a true story of one man's struggle to bring rock music to a nation, an iconic New Zealand story with a universal 'David and Goliath' theme. The youth will find it incredible this actually happened and existed as part of New Zealand society in the 1960's. It's a titanic struggle for freedom and 'the choice to choose'. Three best friends and dedicated roleplayers take to the woods to reenact a dungeons and dragons-like scenario as a live action role-playing game. Trouble arises when a prop spellbook purchased from the internet ends up being a genuine grimoire and they unwittingly conjure up a blood-lusting succubus from hell. A mysterious warrior teams up with the daughter and son of a deposed Chinese Emperor to defeat their cruel Uncle, who seeks their deaths. A pair of teenagers in Western Australia looking to escape the monotony of life in a small town take up surfing lessons from a guy named Sando. A non-traditional road movie exploring a Moroccan perspective on the entwined relationship between Hollywood and The Arab World. Sinaloa hitchhikes into Texas to meet Merle, her half-sister by way of their dead country musician father. As the two get to know each other, Sinaloa's chaotic influence starts to unravel Merle's quiet, comfortable life. While the family music legacy brought Sinaloa to Austin, she won't leave without taking revenge against the people who stole her daddy away years ago. After the events in the previous film, Secret Service agent Mike Banning finds himself framed for an assassination attempt on the President. Pursued by his own agency and the FBI, Banning races to clear his name and uncover the real terrorist threat which has set its sights on Air Force One. An ex-cop turned con threatens to jump to his death from a Manhattan hotel rooftop. The NYPD dispatch a female police psychologist to talk him down. However, unbeknownst to the police on the scene, the suicide attempt is a cover for the biggest diamond heist ever pulled. Many thousands of years in the future, Earth's cities roam the globe on huge wheels, devouring each other in a struggle for ever diminishing resources. On one of these massive traction cities, the old London, Tom Natsworthy has an unexpected encounter with a mysterious young woman from the wastelands who will change the course of his life forever. After selling his soul to a sorceress Robin is killed in battle. Distraught over these horrific turn of events Marian and Little John attempt to resuscitate Robin and his Merry Men. In doing so they inadvertently have turned the one-time heroes into the living dead and worse, the ghostly reincarnations are now hunting down Marian and Little John. So the pair attempt to seek out a new potion that will free these tormented souls from their demonic possession. Two helpless high school geeks travel to Russia the summer before their senior year in hopes of losing their virginity at a summer camp that "guarantees" they'll get laid. David Portnoy, a 15-year-old birding fanatic, thinks that he's made the discovery of a lifetime. So, on the eve of his father's remarriage, he escapes on an epic road trip with his best friends to solidify their place in birding history. Framed for crimes against the country, the G.I. Joe team is terminated by Presidential order. This forces the G.I. Joes into not only fighting their mortal enemy Cobra; they are forced to contend with threats from within the government that jeopardize their very existence. Maleficent and her goddaughter Aurora begin to question the complex family ties that bind them as they are pulled in different directions by impending nuptials, unexpected allies, and dark new forces at play. When a covert mission to rescue a kidnapped CIA operative uncovers a chilling plot, an elite, highly trained U.S. SEAL team speeds to hotspots around the globe, racing against the clock to stop a deadly terrorist attack. Polar bear Norm and his three Arctic lemming buddies are forced out into the world once their icy home begins melting and breaking apart. Landing in New York, Norm begins life anew as a performing corporate mascot, only to discover that his new employers are directly responsible for the destruction of his polar home. Phil Keoghan, the host of "The Amazing Race," left Los Angeles on his bike headed for New York, with his wingman Ben, best friend Scott, Greg a former California Highway Patrolman, and his dad. He wanted to really test his 41-year old mind and body like never before. Asterix crosses the channel to help second-cousin Anticlimax face down Julius Caesar and invading Romans. A Christmas elf accidentally takes off in Santa's sleigh, crash lands in a small town, and loses the magic toy bag. Beethoven must rescue the elf, recover the bag from greedy crooks, and return the sleigh to Santa in time to save Christmas. The story of four high school boys whose undefeated basketball season and friendship are threatened after a drive-by shooting leaves one of them in a coma and one of them with a secret. Brent Fencett, Jed Bracken, and T.J. Lewis are star players on the Charlevoix High School Basketball team; Jackson Carlson is their most obnoxious fan. They are unbeaten on the court and inseparable off it - until Brent gets caught up in his older brother's mixed up life. The consequences of Brent's choice leave T.J. in the hospital, and Brent's soul in turmoil. Written by Frontier Boys In a universe where human genetic material is the most precious commodity, an impoverished young Earth woman becomes the key to strategic maneuvers and internal strife within a powerful dynasty... The modern world holds many secrets, but by far the most astounding is that witches still live among us; vicious supernatural creatures intent on unleashing the Black Death upon the world and putting an end to the human race once and for all. Armies of witch hunters have battled this unnatural enemy for centuries, including Kaulder, a valiant warrior who many years ago slayed the all-powerful Witch Queen, decimating her followers in the process. In the moments right before her death, the Queen cursed Kaulder with immortality, forever separating him from his beloved wife and daughter. Today, Kaulder is the last living hunter who has spent his immortal life tracking down rogue witches, all the while yearning for his long-lost family. After the disappearance of her scientist father, three peculiar beings send Meg, her brother, and her friend to space in order to find him. Two turkeys from opposite sides of the tracks must put aside their differences and team up to travel back in time to change the course of history--and get turkey off the holiday menu for good. Oscar Diggs, a small-time circus illusionist and con-artist, is whisked from Kansas to the Land of Oz where the inhabitants assume he's the great wizard of prophecy, there to save Oz from the clutches of evil. In the town of Blithe Hollow, Norman Babcock can speak to the dead, but no one other than his eccentric new friend believes his ability is real. One day, Norman's eccentric uncle tells him of a ritual he must perform to protect the town from a curse cast by a witch centuries ago. Hector is a quirky psychiatrist who has become increasingly tired of his humdrum life. As he tells his girlfriend, Clara, he feels like a fraud: he hasn't really tasted life, and yet he's offering advice to patients who are just not getting any happier. So Hector decides to break out of his deluded and routine driven life. Armed with buckets of courage and child-like curiosity, he embarks on a global quest in hopes of uncovering the elusive secret formula for true happiness. And so begins a larger than life adventure with riotously funny results. Thule finds an ancient amulet, and gets possessed by an underworld demon that needs 3 additional amulets, acquiring of which will allow him to take control over the world. We always knew they were coming back. Using recovered alien technology, the nations of Earth have collaborated on an immense defense program to protect the planet. But nothing can prepare us for the aliens' advanced and unprecedented force. Only the ingenuity of a few brave men and women can bring our world back from the brink of extinction. Set in rural Ohio, the birthplace of football, UNDERDOGS is the story of a small-town high school football team destined to play their cross-town rival, a perennial powerhouse, while standing up for an entire community. At the height of the Cold War, a mysterious criminal organization plans to use nuclear weapons and technology to upset the fragile balance of power between the United States and Soviet Union. CIA agent Napoleon Solo and KGB agent Illya Kuryakin are forced to put aside their hostilities and work together to stop the evildoers in their tracks. The duo's only lead is the daughter of a missing German scientist, whom they must find soon to prevent a global catastrophe. A heart-warming tale about friendship, honour &amp; courage, which sees a young boy become a man as he embarks on a quest to become a knight. The thrilling second chapter of the epic How To Train Your Dragon trilogy brings back the fantastical world of Hiccup and Toothless five years later. While Astrid, Snotlout and the rest of the gang are challenging each other to dragon races (the island's new favorite contact sport), the now inseparable pair journey through the skies, charting unmapped territories and exploring new worlds. When one of their adventures leads to the discovery of a secret ice cave that is home to hundreds of new wild dragons and the mysterious Dragon Rider, the two friends find themselves at the center of a battle to protect the peace. A decade after his heroic defeat of the monstrous Kraken, Perseus-the demigod son of Zeus-is attempting to live a quieter life as a village fisherman and the sole parent to his 10-year old son, Helius. Meanwhile, a struggle for supremacy rages between the gods and the Titans. Dangerously weakened by humanity's lack of devotion, the gods are losing control of the imprisoned Titans and their ferocious leader, Kronos, father of the long-ruling brothers Zeus, Hades and Poseidon. The last Gunslinger, Roland Deschain, has been locked in an eternal battle with Walter O'Dim, also known as the Man in Black, determined to prevent him from toppling the Dark Tower, which holds the universe together. With the fate of the worlds at stake, good and evil will collide in the ultimate battle as only Roland can defend the Tower from the Man in Black. Angela Vidal, the young television reporter who entered the building with the firemen, manages to make it out alive. But what the soldiers don't know is that she carries the seed of the strange infection. She is to be taken to a provisional quarantine facility, a high-security installation where she will have to stay in isolation for several days. An old oil tanker, miles off shore and surrounded by water on all sides, has been especially equipped for the quarantine. During an emergency landing on a deserted island suddenly traumatized by antiauthoritarian education Lena Schneider (Josefine Preuss) together with the Turkish Super Macho Cem Ozturk (Elyas M'Barek) must fight for survival. After initially Cem macho repulsive acts on Lena, a jellyfish in the water and sand in a bikini, she recognizes the time the romantic core behind his cool facade. Meanwhile, meet also their parents, who obdurate psychologist Doris (Anna Stieblich) and Metin Ozturk (Adnan Maral) to work together to find their missing children. So both generations take an involuntary Turkish Basic Course for beginners. After Kick-Ass' insane bravery inspires a new wave of self-made masked crusaders, he joins a patrol led by the Colonel Stars and Stripes. When these amateur superheroes are hunted down by Red Mist -- reborn as The Mother Fucker -- only the blade-wielding Hit-Girl can prevent their annihilation.  Everything changes for Eva when she receives an insurance settlement check accidentally made out for $5,000,000 instead of the expected $50.000. She and her best friend take the money and head out for the adventure of a lifetime. After a Soviet space station crashes into a New York City subway tunnel, a species of venomous spiders is discovered, and soon they mutate to gigantic proportions and wreak havoc on the city.  Starring Patrick Muldoon, Christa Campbell, directed by Tibor Takacs. Originally called "Spiders 3D" but now simply "Spiders" "The Odyssey" reaches for inspiration in the great literary journeys such as Dante's "Inferno" and the homonymous work by Homer - which lends the title to this film - to portrait the many fases of love and break up and suffering. Featuring songs from Florence + the Machine latest album, "How Big, How Blue, How Beautiful", "The Odyssey" puts together the previously released music videos and introduces the one for "Third Eye". Wren is invited to a Halloween party by her crush, Aaron Riley, but she is also forced by her mother to take her oddball little brother Albert with her when she goes out trick-or-treating on Halloween. When she goes to the party instead, she loses him and must find him before her mother finds out. In the 1820s, a frontiersman, Hugh Glass, sets out on a path of vengeance against those who left him for dead after a bear mauling. A Marine Biologist is assigned to investigate the mysterious deaths of marine life in an inland salt water lake that have been attributed to a creature thought to have been the stuff of legend. When legions of monstrous creatures, known as Kaiju, started rising from the sea, a war began that would take millions of lives and consume humanity's resources for years on end. To combat the giant Kaiju, a special type of weapon was devised: massive robots, called Jaegers, which are controlled simultaneously by two pilots whose minds are locked in a neural bridge. But even the Jaegers are proving nearly defenseless in the face of the relentless Kaiju. On the verge of defeat, the forces defending mankind have no choice but to turn to two unlikely heroes--a washed-up former pilot (Charlie Hunnam) and an untested trainee (Rinko Kikuchi)--who are teamed to drive a legendary but seemingly obsolete Jaeger from the past. Together, they stand as mankind's last hope against the mounting apocalypse. When her father seemingly goes missing, divorcee Laura LeCrois is forced to return home after a 20-year hiatus. However, home is not the way Laura remembers it. Her father is in major debt with the bank, her ex-boyfriend is the town sheriff, and her ex-husband has quit his job as a world-renowned professor who is now suspiciously buying up swampland in the area. In an effort to save the swamp and to pass the time, Laura decides to work the dying family business giving boat tours of the Louisiana swamp. But on her first sunset tour, deep in the swamp, Laura and her passengers witness two Bayou swamp rats toss a squirming body into a gator pit, only the gators aren't the ones that feast on the flesh. Instead it's the most terrifying creature Laura has ever seen...(IMDB,com) The title is an oblique reference to Warhol's The Philosophy of Andy Warhol (From A to B and Back Again) where Warhol famously spoke of his understanding of death. He didn't believe in it, he said. His work, perhaps as a result, is a constant celebration of presence. This piece, using a methodology diametrically opposed to Warhol's own, revisits stray elements (a seagull, reflections of the filmmaker in the window, a blinking light and so on) that pass incidentally through that moment of monumental presence we experience in 'Empire'. In TInseltown, the world of scheming and dreaming reaches a particularly nasty low when a powerful producer known as the 'Senator' hatches a plan to undermine the future success of his shady arch rival, the 'Master' in more ways than one.  His plot begins with the simple delivery of a silver briefcase.  But nothing is simple in Hollywood.  The case goes missing, which sets off a chain of events that are categorically not part of the plan.  The Senator engages the best of his team to locate the package, but doesn't count on the tenacity of two thugs who now have the mystery prize in their curious possession. Alongside Night is the story of the final economic collapse of the United States as seen through the eyes of 16-year-old Elliot Vreeland, searching for his missing Nobel-laureate-economist father, and the mysterious teenage "Lorimer" whom Elliot meets in a black-market underground, whose own father might be the reason Elliot's father is missing. After she spends all her money, an evil enchantress queen schemes to marry a handsome, wealthy prince. There's just one problem - he's in love with a beautiful princess, Snow White. Now, joined by seven rebellious dwarves, Snow White launches an epic battle of good vs. evil... Manny, Diego, and Sid embark upon another adventure after their continent is set adrift. Using an iceberg as a ship, they encounter sea creatures and battle pirates as they explore a new world. Ace Wonder is a 10-year-old detective, struggling to find a storyline for his latest novel. When his path tangles with Derek Morton, a simple family mystery becomes a very real case of corporate espionage, scientific discovery, and one coldblooded killer. Randall Dooley is a geek. His three best friends are geeks too. He works in a game shop, he spends all his free time playing online games, his older brother bullies him unmercifully, his ... A six year old boy named Jojo wakes up from a car crash deep within the woods. He reluctantly pulls his baby sister from the wreckage, plops her into his back pack, and together they try to make it home alive Brain scientist Professor Richard Davidson sets up his mind to conduct an unusual experiment: He will teach American war veterans and children meditation and yoga. Can veterans through meditation and yoga ease their pain and nervous system, find happiness and be more peaceful and get back to a life more like the one they had before the war? After the birth of Renesmee, the Cullens gather other vampire clans in order to protect the child from a false allegation that puts the family in front of the Volturi.  When the creator of a popular video game system dies, a virtual contest is created to compete for his fortune. im Crawley (Michael Manasseri - WEIRD SCIENCE, LICENSE TO DRIVE, DIRTY LOVE, BABYSITTER WANTED) is having a really bad day. He gets fired from his job at the nuclear power plant, his car is towed, he discovers his wife is having an affair, then a kind man who saves his life turns out to be an evil scientist. Jim is abducted by the scientist and infected with a deadly mosquito-borne virus that is spreading across the planet. Turns out all those years of exposure to nuclear radiation and rabid mosquito DNA don't mix very well. Unfortunately for the scientist (RICKY WAYNE) and anyone else whoever wronged Jim, vengeance comes in the form of the half man-half mosquito. The child-duo Rico and Oskar, one of them is quite more sluggish, but precisely because of fantasy and own world view; the other one is a smart whiz, but scared for life. Lovable and friendly, the trolls love to play around. But one day, a mysterious giant shows up to end the party. Poppy, the optimistic leader of the Trolls, and her polar opposite, Branch, must embark on an adventure that takes them far beyond the only world they've ever known. The story of a woman who must find her kidnapped son, navigating a world she doesn't know, on the edge of danger with every heartbeat. Shakey is a family film about a 35-year-old widower named J.T. O'Neil, his precocious 10-year-old daughter and their devoted mutt Shakey. After moving from a small town to Chicago and missing the fine print in their rental contract, J.T. is forced to try and get rid of his lovable pooch. Shakey and Chandler won't have it and hatch a plan to keep Shakey and teach J.T. a valuable lesson about loyalty and the importance of keeping family together. Axe Giant - The Wrath of Paul Bunyon is a dark, contemporary take on the tall tale. Kids at a first-time offenders' boot camp discover the legend of lumberjack Paul Bunyan is real, but is much more horrifying than they could have imagined. They incur the wrath of the 15-foot monstrous giant, who was banished from town 100 years ago and thought dead. Gru is recruited by the Anti-Villain League to help deal with a powerful new super criminal. Dusty is a cropdusting plane who dreams of competing in a famous aerial race. The problem? He is hopelessly afraid of heights. With the support of his mentor Skipper and a host of new friends, Dusty sets off to make his dreams come true. Follow Cambodia's first national baseball team as they prepare for the 24th Sea Games- the premier sporting competition between South East Asian nations, similar to the Olympic Games- to be held in Bangkok, Thailand. Encounter the texture of daily life in the players' villages, meet the American coaches whose passion for the game has fueled their desire to win, and travel with the team as they pour their blood, sweat and tears into training. Can they bring home a medal? In a planet where humans must scavenge the post-apocalyptic barren wasteland, Hirokin - a reluctant warrior with a dark past - sets off on mission to fulfill his destiny. Having fought to the death to save his wife and son from the planets evil dictator - Griffin - and his elite army of hunters, the lone warrior is left for dead in the vast desert. Armed with his samurai blade, Hirokin is forced to choose between avenging the murder of his family and fighting for the freedom his people. In a twist of fate and with a small rebellion by his side Hirokin s vision finally becomes clear. Two estranged brothers reunite at their childhood home in the Alaskan wild. They set out on a two-day hike and are stalked by an unrelenting grizzly bear. Little Raven and his friends embark on a big treasure hunt. Competing against the beavers they have to solve riddles and navigate great dangers in order to finally find the most surprising of all treasures. Based on the books by Nele Moost and Annet Rudolph. Sausage Party, the first R-rated CG animated movie, is about one sausage leading a group of supermarket products on a quest to discover the truth about their existence and what really happens when they become chosen to leave the grocery store. Tarzan was a small orphan who was raised by an ape named Kala since he was a child. He believed that this was his family, but on an expedition Jane Porter is rescued by Tarzan. He then finds out that he's human. Now Tarzan must make the decision as to which family he should belong to... What are your limits? Everyday heroes put this question to the test as they embark on an epic journey to the tropical rain forests and beaches of Costa Rica in pursuit of adventure and surf. Meet Christiaan, Patrick and Jake, three men who triumph over their physical disabilities in life with a wheelchair view. These men symbolize hope to their peers as they dare to go where wheelchairs are not welcome: the ocean, the jungle and the skate park. From Huntington Beach, the Kodak Theater in Hollywood, Venice Beach and Malibu to the coast of Central America, you will be astonished by the bravery of these injured athletes as they smash down stereotypes. Handicapped? We don't think so! On the last day of the first manned mission to Mars, a crew member of Tantalus Base believes he has made an astounding discovery - fossilized evidence of bacterial life. Unwilling to let the relief crew claims all the glory, he disobeys orders to pack up and goes out on an unauthorized expedition to collect further samples. But a routine excavation turns to disaster when the porous ground collapses and he falls into a deep crevice and near certain death. His devastated colleagues attempt to recover his body. However, when another vanishes, they start to suspect that the life-form they have discovered is not without danger. In the land of Orlais, a brash young Seeker--Cassandra--fights to stop a blood-soaked conspiracy. Hidden hands seek to tear apart the realm's most powerful religious order, and as the sinister plot unfolds, Cassandra is accused of treason and murder. Hunted by friend and foe alike, the impulsive beauty must clear her name while clashing with corrupt templars and rogue blood mages. Should she fail, the executioner's blade awaits. Should she overcome her rage and expose the unseen forces threatening the rule of the Divine, Cassandra will take her place in legend. Cut through the flashy swastikas, and you can see the German Nazis were Christians fulfilling a historic obligation (the Final Solution). Relatively few were so well-read as to imagine themselves Nietzscheans. Two powerful female warriors must journey across a post-apocalyptic land to fight a ritual duel, and fulfill an ancient prophecy. When reporter Dan Geraldo (Alain Chabat) arrives in Palombia to hunt for a scoop, he never suspects that he is about to make an incredible discovery... With his resourceful local guide Pablito (Jamel Debbouze), D an has one surprise after another during a thrilling adventure that allows him to bring the world some spectacular news: the Marsupilami, a mythical and mischievous animal, really does exist! You too will believe in furry tails! Detective Mark Corley storms his way onto an alien spaceship to rescue his estranged son. When the ship crashes in Southeast Asia, he forges an alliance with a band of survivors to take back the planet once and for all. A German student, Stefan, who has finished his studies, then decides to have an adventure. After hitch-hiking to Paris, he commits crimes to get money. He then meets a free-spirited American girl, Estelle, who he follows to Ibiza, and then begins a sad &amp; dark path into heroin addiction. Barbet Schroeder's first film, it is also notable for its soundtrack, which was composed by the band Pink Floyd, who he would also use in his next film, La Vallee. When two best friends go missing during Spring Break, their mothers do everything they can to find them, while realizing that their different parenting styles may have led to the disappearances. Based on the classic novel by Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game is the story of the Earth's most gifted children training to defend their homeplanet in the space wars of the future. A 16-year-old international assassin yearning for a "normal" adolescence fakes her own death and enrolls as a senior in a suburban high school. She quickly learns that being popular can be more painful than getting water-boarded. Russian Winter is a terrible thing... especially if it arrives in mid-July. Out amidst the icy storm, something raises its hideous head - a Russian zombie - senseless and merciless. Two homeless Kurdish brothers see Superman in the town's first movie theatre and decide they are going to live with him in the US. It's a long, dangerous road in the hands of ruthless human smugglers. After the Evil Queen marries the King, she performs a violent coup in which the King is murdered and his daughter, Snow White, is taken captive. Almost a decade later, a grown Snow White is still in the clutches of the Queen. In order to obtain immortality, The Evil Queen needs the heart of Snow White. After Snow escapes the castle, the Queen sends the Huntsman to find her in the Dark Forest. The recurring tone of an old filmstrip signals to the viewer the outmoded nature of the educational narration we hear about the native peoples of North America in this Janis Crystal Lipzin creation. It is just one authoritative voice in a collage soundtrack juxtaposed to Super-8mm footage that maps tourist images of the Southwest, Stonehenge and other candid "evidence" of civilizations present and past. Taking the smug yet also quaint manner of such instructional material as a starting point, American filmmaker Lipzin's 2004 film-on-video collage sets up a series of shrewd oppositions regarding our own understanding of ourselves. - Robert Avila A dog goes on quest to discover his purpose in life over the course of several lifetimes with multiple owners. A troubled man runs away to Mexico and is recruited to join a paramilitary group of teens fighting the drug cartels. He proves himself to the group, but questions their motive. This pulse-racing real-life adventure follows two of Australia's greatest surf legends on their quest to hunt down and ride the Pacific's biggest and most dangerous waves. With 3D cameras installed on their boards, Ross Clarke-Jones and Tom Carroll defy middle age by pushing the limits of what they -- and cinema technology -- can do. (TIFF) The Last Prince of Atlantis is a beautiful fairy tale about love, an animated family movie. The dynamic intrigue, a bright and multidimensional shows keeps the audiences captivated. An old pearl-fisher Bltazar is forced to sell his boat to wealthy man Don Vincenzo. But this is not the worst part. Now Vincenzo wants to take his beautiful daughter Adrianna! The girl is against that, but for how much longer can she resist? Police and gangsters serve Vincenzo... But money and power are nothing when the real love comes around. The Last Prince Of Atlantis appears from the bottom of the sea, where he spent thousands of years in a stone sarcophagus. One day he sees Adrianna in the sea, strikes up looking for her and finds her... Based on the best-seller book 'The Little Prince', the movie tells the story of a little girl that lives with resignation in a world where efficiency and work are the only dogmas. Everything will change when accidentally she discovers her neighbor that will tell her about the story of the Little Prince that he once met. A teen is visited by aliens after he broadcasts a message into space. Somewhere in the interior of Argentina, popular belief holds that when a man dies because of a treason, he must be avenged by his first born son, so that that soul may rest in peace. Walking with Dinosaurs 3D is a film depicting life-like 3D dinosaur characters set in photo-real landscapes that transports audiences to the prehistoric world as it existed 70 million years ago. The film is based on the 1999 documentary television miniseries Walking with Dinosaurs, produced by the BBC. Walking with Dinosaurs 3D is being produced by Evergreen Studios, the company that produced Happy Feet, and it is was released on October 11, 2013. Tad is a celebrity archaeologist and adventurer just like his hero Max Mordon... in his dreams! In reality, Tad is a Chicago construction worker. One day, however, he is mistaken for a real professor and takes his place on a flight to Peru in search of the lost city of Paititi. Mr. Church reunites the Expendables for what should be an easy paycheck, but when one of their men is murdered on the job, their quest for revenge puts them deep in enemy territory and up against an unexpected threat. Country music singer Charlotte comes back home to Tennessee a week before she's set to get married, hoping to borrow her late mother's wedding dress from her grandmother. Wreck-It Ralph is the 9-foot-tall, 643-pound villain of an arcade video game named Fix-It Felix Jr., in which the game's titular hero fixes buildings that Ralph destroys. Wanting to prove he can be a good guy and not just a villain, Ralph escapes his game and lands in Hero's Duty, a first-person shooter where he helps the game's hero battle against alien invaders. He later enters Sugar Rush, a kart racing game set on tracks made of candies, cookies and other sweets. There, Ralph meets Vanellope von Schweetz who has learned that her game is faced with a dire threat that could affect the entire arcade, and one that Ralph may have inadvertently started. Summer is coming to Nicaragua and Maycol and Bryan will start to learn their families' trade, shark hunting. In a place where traditional trades disappear in favor of drug trafficking, these two boy choose their future. A coming of age film set in the forgotten Caribbean coast of Nicaragua. Mayhem and death follow when an earthquake traps a group of tourists in a Chilean town. A warrior fleeing the violence of his past must take up the sword and risk everything to face a god of incalculable power. Thrust into an all-new adventure, a down-on-his-luck Capt. Jack Sparrow feels the winds of ill-fortune blowing even more strongly when deadly ghost sailors led by his old nemesis, the evil Capt. Salazar, escape from the Devil's Triangle. Jack's only hope of survival lies in seeking out the legendary Trident of Poseidon, but to find it, he must forge an uneasy alliance with a brilliant and beautiful astronomer and a headstrong young man in the British navy. A man named Fisher Rood helps a lost soul and dispenses Divine justice while out running the law and the agents of an evil, global corporation. A football team from Belgrade, former Republic of Yugoslavia gets a chance to go to the First World Football Championship, but things get complicated along the way.  When their ship is sunk in the Indian Ocean during the first world war, 50 men have to cross infinite stretches of sea and desert, avoid enemies, find allies and finally make it home to Germany. A breathtaking real-life odyssey. When Niko visits his grandparents in the Philippines for the summer, he knew he would be exposed to a different culture. What he didn't expect, was to plunge headlong into an unseen world ... One thousand years after cataclysmic events forced humanity's escape from Earth, Nova Prime has become mankind's new home. Legendary General Cypher Raige returns from an extended tour of duty to his estranged family, ready to be a father to his 13-year-old son, Kitai. When an asteroid storm damages Cypher and Kitai's craft, they crash-land on a now unfamiliar and dangerous Earth. As his father lies dying in the cockpit, Kitai must trek across the hostile terrain to recover their rescue beacon. His whole life, Kitai has wanted nothing more than to be a soldier like his father. Today, he gets his chance. Celestine is a little mouse trying to avoid a dental career; Ernest is a big bear craving an artistic outlet. When Celestine meets Ernest, they overcome their natural enmity by forging a life of crime together. An aging, booze-addled father takes a trip from Montana to Nebraska with his estranged son in order to claim what he believes to be a million-dollar sweepstakes prize. Surly, a curmudgeon, independent squirrel is banished from his park and forced to survive in the city. Lucky for him, he stumbles on the one thing that may be able to save his life, and the rest of park community, as they gear up for winter - Maury's Nut Store. Mateo follows America's most notorious gringo mariachi on his misadventures to Cuba. King T'Challa returns home from America to the reclusive, technologically advanced African nation of Wakanda to serve as his country's new leader. However, T'Challa soon finds that he is challenged for the throne by factions within his own country as well as without. Using powers reserved to Wakandan kings, T'Challa assumes the Black Panther mantel to join with girlfriend Nakia, the queen-mother, his princess-kid sister, members of the Dora Milaje (the Wakandan 'special forces') and an American secret agent, to prevent Wakanda from being dragged into a world war. Mozzman takes a long journey to Mt. Fuji in search for his old friend Kitakitsune. When a giant alien spider escapes from a military lab and rampages across the city of Los Angeles, it is up to one clever exterminator and his security guard sidekick to kill the creature before the entire city is destroyed. One girl's journey to inspire a movement. Juliette is fourteen years old and she is on a mission to save elephants. After single-handedly raising funds Juliette embarks on a life-altering journey to South East Asia to meet and work with her hero The Elephant Lady. This is the story of two women, one from the East, one from the West, coming together on common ground, saving elephants. It's the coming of age of a passionate emerging woman joining forces with the wise eastern animal advocate on an enlightening journey of compassion, action, and hope that is sure to motivate audiences young and old. The message: no matter what your age, your ethnicity, or disposition, no matter what the cause, you can make a difference. A chronicle of Gertrude Bell's life, a traveler, writer, archaeologist, explorer, cartographer, and political attache for the British Empire at the dawn of the twentieth century.  Visiting my girlfriend, who has made a medical internship on the Seychelles.... In a world divided into factions based on personality types, Tris learns that she's been classified as Divergent and won't fit in. When she discovers a plot to destroy Divergents, Tris and the mysterious Four must find out what makes Divergents dangerous before it's too late. An Indian woman is looking for vengeance. After losing his parents, a priest travels to China, where he inherits a mysterious ability that allows him to turn into a dinosaur. At first horrified by this new power, a hooker convinces him to use it to fight crime. And ninjas. After the cataclysmic events in New York with The Avengers, Steve Rogers, aka Captain America is living quietly in Washington, D.C. and trying to adjust to the modern world. But when a S.H.I.E.L.D. colleague comes under attack, Steve becomes embroiled in a web of intrigue that threatens to put the world at risk. Joining forces with the Black Widow, Captain America struggles to expose the ever-widening conspiracy while fighting off professional assassins sent to silence him at every turn. When the full scope of the villainous plot is revealed, Captain America and the Black Widow enlist the help of a new ally, the Falcon. However, they soon find themselves up against an unexpected and formidable enemy--the Winter Soldier. Just when you thought it was safe to go back to the beach, it appears that our large fishy friends have found a way to chomp on you when you're chilling out on the sand too! CHAMPIONS OF THE DEEP is a fantastic adventure movie for the whole family! A brother and sister help a mythical guardian of the ocean find the Sword of the Sea, and bring balance back to the waters of the earth. While fighting the dark forces of the water, the kids learn to use their martial arts skills to protect the ocean that they love. In their quest to confront the ultimate evil, Percy and his friends battle swarms of mythical creatures to find the mythical Golden Fleece and to stop an ancient evil from rising. Set right before Christmas, Niko the reindeer must deal with his mom getting re-married and his being tasked with looking after his little stepbrother. At a hospital in New York, Alex, a police officer, meets Leo, a boy who has the ability to get out of his body and pass through the walls like a ghost. Both team up with Mary, an intrepid journalist, to capture a disfigured villain who terrorizes the city. The tale of an ordinary garden snail who dreams of winning the Indy 500. A group of oddball high school students find themselves trapped in detention with their classmates having turned into a horde of Zombies. Banksy's work now reportedly changes hands for millions.  But he puts up his street art for free. Have you ever wondered  what would happen if you got your hands on one of these?  Does it mean you've found a winning lottery ticket or just  scraped some worthless crap off a wall?  Going up against the Art Establishment, Critics, Auction Houses,  Gallery Owners and Authentication Boards in a quest for the  elusive meal ticket, two filmmakers unwittingly gatecrash the  murky and protective world of Banksy.  "HOW TO SELL A BANKSY" raises questions of ownership,  authentication and the true value of art itself. Through all the  chaos and incompetence comes a modern-day, true-story,  crime-theft, comedy-caper. Kate and Will Spicer's brother, Tom, has Fragile X Syndrome, the most common form of inherited learning disability. He is also a massive fan of Lars Ulrich from Metallica. They made a promise to Tom that they would get him to meet Lars. Tom's dream is their promise. Together they went on a Mission to Lars. The story of the last Seal Child's journey home. After their mother's disappearance, Ben and Saoirse are sent to live with Granny in the city. When they resolve to return to their home by the sea, their journey becomes a race against time as they are drawn into a world Ben knows only from his mother's folktales. But this is no bedtime story; these fairy folk have been in our world far too long. It soon becomes clear to Ben that Saoirse is the key to their survival. American high school sweethearts, Wade and Lisa, travel to Australia to experience nature at its finest. As their relationship strains, they head inland to Uluru, navigating remote dirt roads with an unreliable GPS. Soon, they find themselves stranded and ill- prepared and, with only each other to rely on, the two are driven to extremes in order to stay alive in the harsh and unforgiving Outback. An operative for an elite private intelligence firm finds her priorities irrevocably changed after she is tasked with infiltrating an anarchist group known for executing covert attacks upon major corporations. For Peter Parker, life is busy. Between taking out the bad guys as Spider-Man and spending time with the person he loves, Gwen Stacy, high school graduation cannot come quickly enough. Peter has not forgotten about the promise he made to Gwen's father to protect her by staying away, but that is a promise he cannot keep. Things will change for Peter when a new villain, Electro, emerges, an old friend, Harry Osborn, returns, and Peter uncovers new clues about his past. After fighting his way through an apartment building populated by an army of dangerous criminals and escaping with his life, SWAT team member Rama goes undercover, joining a powerful Indonesian crime syndicate to protect his family and uncover corrupt members of his own force. The ultimate X-Men ensemble fights a war for the survival of the species across two time periods as they join forces with their younger selves in an epic battle that must change the past - to save our future. This shocking documentary tells the story of the indigenous Miskito lobster divers along Nicaragua's Caribbean Coast who risk their lives every day diving for the region's most lucrative resource - the Caribbean spiny lobster. The action of this story begins in the near future. The great device codenamed as the "Phantom" is invented by the Global Security Corporation in order to eliminate the crime and to establish a secure global community.  But, it is not how it really is. The reverse side of the "Phantom" is to establish an absolute control over people's minds. The Corporation aims to change the course of the history, by gaining the community of obedient "puppets", who would never realize that their minds are being controlled.  Step by step, the "Phantom" fractures people's lives, but nobody suspects anything, until it destroys the lives of in-love couple- Timur and Keira. She is convicted of murder, and he needs to break the law to save her. An American criminal hacker named Zach helps Timur to find the truth, and to uncover the Corporation's conspiracy. Heckle and Jeckle, the world's most famous talking Magpies, go on a moose-hunting trip. In order to get close enough to a moose to shoot him, they combine themselves into a female(?) moose costume. But the disguise is too effective, the moose is soon in love, and it appears a union that will produce the worlds first Moosepie animal is in the offing. A telling of the life of Colton Harris-Moore, notorious young airplane thief. A young boys dream of flying and designing airplanes becomes a reality when he breaks out of a halfway house at the age of 15 and steals the first of five airplanes. Colton's captor, lawyer, mother, the FBI team that hunted him for several years tell the almost unbelievable story of The Barefoot Bandit. A group of rodeo trick-riders recruits a young girl to join them. Storyline: In the summer of 1683, 300 000 Ottoman Empire's warriors begin the siege of Vienna. City's fall, will open way to conquer the Europe. The Sept 11 is the day of main battle between Polish cavalry under the King Jan III Sobieski and Turks. Intangible Blue is a portrait of the beauty and biodiversity of Mexico's seas and coasts. It shows people struggling both on and off shore to develop an exemplary sustainable model. It is a voyage through the country's northeastern seas, offering a new perspective on the interaction that can exist between oceans and city dwellers, to achieve a balance between resource management and preservation. Ever since US Diplomatic Security Service Agent Hobbs and lawless outcast Shaw first faced off, they just have swapped smacks and bad words. But when cyber-genetically enhanced anarchist Brixton's ruthless actions threaten the future of humanity, both join forces to defeat him. (A spin-off of "The Fate of the Furious," focusing on Johnson's Luke Hobbs and Statham's Deckard Shaw.) A cliche hunchbacked evil scientist's assistant aspires to become a scientist himself, much to the displeasure of the rest of the evil science community. Found footage of an expedition into the Congo jungle where a team of explorers stumbles upon a colony of Dinosaurs. Off-grid is not a state of mind. It is not about being out of touch, living in a remote place, or turning off your mobile phone. Off-grid simply means living without a connection to the electric and natural gas infrastructure. From 2011 to 2013 Jonathan Taggart (Director) and Phillip Vannini (Producer) spent two years travelling across Canada to find 200 off-gridders and visit them in their homes.  - Skipper, Kowalski, Rico and Private join forces with undercover organization The North Wind to stop the villainous Dr. Octavius Brine from destroying the world as we know it. In a war-torn country that is plagued by a vicious dragon, Elenn, an arrogant, young noblewoman, accompanies her aunt on a mission to bring an ancient relic to the secret coronation of the rightful king. The streets of the Bronx are owned by '60s youth gangs where the joy and pain of adolescence is lived. Philip Kaufman tells his take on the novel by Richard Price about the history of the Italian-American gang 'The Wanderers.' Pia's life, a girl from a small German town, changes when surprisingly, finds in her garden  a huge black monster. She soon discovers that the mysterious creature, which called Yoko, is actually a kind yeti spiritually protecting animals and children worldwide. Yoko is constantly showing his friends Pia and their unique qualities, but children are not the only ones who want the Yeti. Its great value calls attention to two hunters who want to take advantage of the yeti. Throughout his life Edward Bloom has always been a man of big appetites, enormous passions and tall tales. In his later years, he remains a huge mystery to his son, William. Now, to get to know the real man, Will begins piecing together a true picture of his father from flashbacks of his amazing adventures. In 79 A.D., Milo, a slave turned gladiator, finds himself in a race against time to save his true love Cassia, the beautiful daughter of a wealthy merchant who has been unwillingly betrothed to a corrupt Roman Senator. As Mount Vesuvius erupts in a torrent of blazing lava, Milo must fight his way out of the arena in order to save his beloved as the once magnificent Pompeii crumbles around him. A group of hobos begin melting into multicolored piles of goo after drinking sixty-year-old liquor. At the same time, the psychotic Vietnam War vet who rules the hobo camp snaps and begins killing at random. Two brothers set out to stop the liquor and the killer. A teacher with paranormal abilities helps a group of ghosts graduate high school. Angel, a young intelligent and kind, aims to be a police inspector. Rafael  instead  is an expeditious, forceful and arrogant policeman. Meanwhile, Miguel and Mateo are part of Group 7, a group of rogue cops ready to do anything to achieve their goals. Huge lakes on Titan, Saturn's largest moon -- salt water geysers on Enceladus -- these are only two of the amazing discoveries of NASA's Cassini Mission, as told by one of its top scientists in her own words. Dr. Carolyn Porco eloquently takes us on a thrilling tour of Saturn and its moons, using Cassini's stunning original digital photographs and the astonishing images of its probe, Huygens, that actually landed across space on the surface of Titan. Fly over Titan's Lake Ontario and glide through the mists of Enceladus ... and wonder whether life hasn't already emerged in their watery depths. In 1943, five US soldiers are recruited by the OSS for a time travel mission to save the world from the tyranny of Hitler's 25th Reich. Eleven years old Jeff and his friends are looking for a treasure buried in the old castle. A teenager finds himself transported to an island where he must help protect a group of orphans with special powers from creatures intent on destroying them. Tokyo, Winter. Despite the use of the Youth Ordinance Bill to enforce curfews for minors and regulate the use of the Internet, young people continue to fight for their own freedom through underground methods. One such group calls themselves Surat. They have decided to take on Fumito Nanahara, a man who has great influence on the political world, and basically controls Tokyo with an iron fist. While using the Internet as a weapon to discover more information about Fumito, they learn about "Tower", the secret organization behind Fumito which engages in human experimentation. It is the age of Imperial Rome.Young Timo is an orphan of Pompeii's terrible eruption, adopted be general Chirone and raised in the famous Gladiator's Academy in Rome. Is this the beginning of a new legend? The legend of a great hero? Not so much! Timo is not exactly gladiator material! He just wants to hang out with his friends, Ciccius and Mauritius, and avoid his stepfather's bizarre training sessions at all costs! However, when Timo meets the lovely Lucilla, he decides to change his life and bring out the valour inside himself - valour that has never shown itself before. Through spells, crazy raids in the woods and terrible trainings of a very personal lady trainer, Timo has to transform himself into the greatest gladiator of all time. And as they say, if "fortune favours the bold" in Rome ... hard times are awaiting Timo! Anina Yatay Salas is a ten-year-old whose name spells trouble: those three palindromes in a row are an ongoing source of teasing at school. When a playground fight results in mysterious punishment, Anina will learn to put her problems in perspective and empathize with others in this sweet little daydream of a tale. Katniss Everdeen has returned home safe after winning the 74th Annual Hunger Games along with fellow tribute Peeta Mellark. Winning means that they must turn around and leave their family and close friends, embarking on a "Victor's Tour" of the districts. Along the way Katniss senses that a rebellion is simmering, but the Capitol is still very much in control as President Snow prepares the 75th Annual Hunger Games (The Quarter Quell) - a competition that could change Panem forever. Katniss Everdeen reluctantly becomes the symbol of a mass rebellion against the autocratic Capitol. With the nation of Panem in a full scale war, Katniss confronts President Snow in the final showdown. Teamed with a group of her closest friends - including Gale, Finnick, and Peeta - Katniss goes off on a mission with the unit from District 13 as they risk their lives to stage an assassination attempt on President Snow who has become increasingly obsessed with destroying her. The mortal traps, enemies, and moral choices that await Katniss will challenge her more than any arena she faced in The Hunger Games. Julian Torralba is a former movie stuntman in Almeria, Spain. He and several of his colleagues, who once made a living in American Westerns shot in Spain, now are reduced to doing stunt shows for minuscule audiences on the decaying set built for those old Westerns. Julian wrestles with dark memories of the death of his son, also a stuntman, and with estrangement from his daughter-in-law Laura and her son Carlos. Carlos, a young boy, becomes intrigued with his late father's life and runs away to join Julian and his band of has-beens. There Carlos is initiated into the rambunctious life of these hard-drinking faux cowboys. But when Laura, a powerful executive looking for a new site for a tourist resort, learns that Carlos has joined the hated Julian, she moves to destroy even this remnant of Julian's once-proud career. Julian and the cowboys decide to fight back the only way they know how. The Famous Five In this family-friendly adventure, two teens must put their rivalry aside and join forces to stop notorious bandits and survive the brutal wilderness known as the Treasure State. Two ill-prepared slacker buddies head into the wilderness hoping their documented exploits catch the eye of their reality television survival idol, Bear. They should have left their girlfriends at home. A man who suffers visions of an apocalyptic deluge takes measures to protect his family from the coming flood. Three women struggle to survive in the Alaskan wilderness after a mysterious event has left them homeless. Along the way, they encounter other survivors who are out to help or hurt them, as well as a dangerous supernatural presence. Bound by a shared destiny, a bright, optimistic teen bursting with scientific curiosity and a former boy-genius inventor jaded by disillusionment embark on a danger-filled mission to unearth the secrets of an enigmatic place somewhere in time and space that exists in their collective memory as "Tomorrowland." Beso is 14 years old kid from remote village of Georgia, he is growing up in a family of disabled father, mother who is family bread maker, a homosexual brother who gives private dance lessons to make money. Beso and his friend Beka spend their time like most kids. Beso writes rap and records himself on a tape recorder, he sees his rapping as a way out from his harsh life.  When the child Arthur's father is murdered, Vortigern, Arthur's uncle, seizes the crown. Robbed of his birthright and with no idea who he truly is, Arthur comes up the hard way in the back alleys of the city. But once he pulls the sword Excalibur from the stone, his life is turned upside down and he is forced to acknowledge his true legacy... whether he likes it or not. In a future world of scientific advances, humans share every aspects of their lives with their machines. But when a leading scientist and his team build an advanced prototype cyborg, the scientists aren't prepared for the consequences The 8 week road trip of photographer Diana Scheunemann, her boyfriend PJ Norman and their little dog Nico around the USA is an emblematic ensemble of breathtaking landscapes and stories, people and situations. Through 10,128 miles, 21 different states and 30 conversations, inside the homes and the hearts of Americans they encounter, they are pushed by curiosity and a deep fascination for the different elements that together create this country. Get ready for a magical, fun-filled journey of adventure, fantasy and friendship! Tom Sawyer and his best buddy Huck Finn love going fishing, daydreaming about pirates and stolen gold, and thinking about Becky Thatcher - the pretty new girl at school. But when these pals set out on a quest for buried treasure, they end up face to face with the town's most "grizzly" bear, Injurin' Joe. Giving Joe the slip, they find themselves in the middle of a fantastic adventure that takes them from the mighty Mississippi to the mysterious caverns of a secret hideout where they discover fun, excitement... and a fortune beyond their wildest dreams! Featuring the voices of Don Knotts, Betty White, and country music superstars Rhett Akins, Mark Wills, Lee Ann Womack, Hank Williams Jr. and more, Tom Sawyer is an enchanting, music-filled family adventure. An epic journey into the world of dinosaurs where an Apatosaurus named Arlo makes an unlikely human friend. In legendary Chen Village, everyone is a martial arts master, using their powerful Chen Style Tai Chi in all aspects of their lives. Lu Chan has arrived to train, but the villagers are forbidden to teach Chen Style to outsiders, and do their best to discourage him by challenging him to a series of fights. Everyone, from strong men to young children, defeats him using their Tai Chi moves. But when a man from the village's past returns with a frightening steampowered machine and plans to build a railroad through the village at any costs, the villagers realize they may have no choice but to put their faith in Lu Chan... who has a secret power of his own. A 12-year-old cartographer secretly leaves his family's ranch in Montana where he lives with his cowboy father and scientist mother and travels across the country on board a freight train to receive an award at the Smithsonian Institute. Thor fights to restore order across the cosmos... but an ancient race led by the vengeful Malekith returns to plunge the universe back into darkness. Faced with an enemy that even Odin and Asgard cannot withstand, Thor must embark on his most perilous and personal journey yet, one that will reunite him with Jane Foster and force him to sacrifice everything to save us all. Stolen Seas presents a chilling exploration of the Somali pirate phenomenon and forces you to rethink everything you thought you knew about pirates. It's November 8th, 2008 and the CEC Future, a Danish-owned merchant ship, is on high alert. Sailing inside the pirate-infested swath of sea between Somalia and Yemen, the ship's captain blinks hard at the radar screen where a light begins to flash. This is it, Nozhkin thinks, and he's right. Machine guns sound on the boat's hull and for two months this 13-man crew will be held at the mercy of Somali pirates, helpless as hostage negotiations threaten their lives and cameras capture every move. The pirates' translator, Ishmael Ali, a single dad who may or may not have stumbled into this controversial role, puts in a call to the shipping magnate's CEO Per Gullestrup demanding an exorbitant 7 million dollars. The shipowner's response is the first of many misfires and communications to come... The Foreign Legion marches in to Mogador with booze and women in mind just as singer Amy Jolly arrives from Paris to work at Lo Tinto's cabaret. That night, insouciant legionnaire Tom Brown catches her inimitably seductive, tuxedo-clad act. Both bruised by their past lives, the two edge cautiously into a no-strings relationship while being pursued by others. But Tom must leave on a perilous mission: is it too late for them? After the disastrous food storm in the first film, Flint and his friends are forced to leave the town. Flint accepts the invitation from his idol Chester V to join The Live Corp Company, which has been tasked to clean the island, and where the best inventors in the world create technologies for the betterment of mankind. When Flint discovers that his machine still operates and now creates mutant food beasts like living pickles, hungry tacodiles, shrimpanzees and apple pie-thons, he and his friends must return to save the world. Mockumentary family adventure taking its cue from the YouTube viral video sensation. An Australian zoologist travels to China to find the baby panda - whose sneeze has been watched over 250 million times - in the hope that the star attraction will revitalise her ailing zoo. Successful woman in love tries to break her family curse of every first marriage ending in divorce, by dashing to the alter with a random stranger before marrying her boyfriend. An unmarried 40-year-old woman turns to a turkey baster in order to become pregnant. Seven years later, she reunites with her best friend, who has been living with a secret: he replaced her preferred sperm sample with his own. A group of friends who venture into the remote Texas woods for a party weekend find themselves stalked by Bigfoot. Dust Up is a kick ass action comedy served up by Ward Roberts and starring Amber Benson that will make you laugh, gasp and punch the person you're sitting ... A group of travelers descends on The Park to witness one last Firefall. They come from different backgrounds and walks of life, but their paths will crash together in hilarious ways, as a film crew document (Mockuments) their crazy antics. The characters comprised of: Scottish "Free" Climbers, a disgraced outdoor survival television host and his nephew, a former welter-weight bodybuilding champion who's let himself go, a dysfunctional family in denial, Park Rangers, a hiding hippie who has been living in The Park for years, and a Mutant Bear will experience amazing, terrifying and hilarious situations as they discover their true character and values on their way to the final Firefall. A team of 20 elite Nepali climbers venture into the Death Zone of Mount Everest to restore their sacred mountain and the contaminated water source of 1.3 billion people. They ascend the highest point on the planet to the 150 bodies of deceased climbers and 100,000 pounds of rubbish that remain on the high slopes of Everest. This is the self-documented story of their life-threatening journey. The demonic force lurking in Amityville for over 300 years escapes to a remote California mansion. It encounters a struggling family living together by uncertain means. The beast manipulates a little girl by manifesting itself in the form of her dead father. Soon it will be able to possess her completely... is it too late for a young priest to defeat the demon and end the curse? The film's plot follows that of the game closely. Nariko, a member of an ancient tribe who have guarded an ancient magical sword for thousands of years, is charged with bringing the sword to its destined wielder, a deity reincarnated who will bring peace to the land. But on her quest, Nariko must wield the sword herself against the forces of King Bohan, who wishes to possess the weapon himself. Created under a "manifesto" whose directives would make Lars von Trier shudder, this three-part film might look on paper like an exercise in forced hipness. Fortunately, its directors - Harmony Korine (USA), Alexsei Fedorchenko (Russia) and Jan Kwiecinski (Poland) - prove innovative and just insane enough to make The Fourth Dimension an exhilarating experiment. A young Austrian soldier in World War I fights his way through the Alps to rescue his Italian girlfriend and escape the impending explosion that will rock the mountain. Light years from Earth, 26 years after being abducted, Peter Quill finds himself the prime target of a manhunt after discovering an orb wanted by Ronan the Accuser. The evil wizard Gargamel creates a couple of mischievous Smurf-like creatures called the Naughties that he hopes will let him harness the all-powerful, magical Smurf-essence. But when he discovers that only a real Smurf can give him what he wants, and only a secret spell that Smurfette knows can turn the Naughties into real Smurfs, Gargamel kidnaps Smurfette and brings her to Paris, where he has been winning the adoration of millions as the world1s greatest sorcerer. It's up to Papa, Clumsy, Grouchy, and Vanity to return to our world, reunite with their human friends Patrick and Grace Winslow, and rescue her! Will Smurfette, who has always felt different from the other Smurfs, find a new connection with the Naughties Vexy and Hackus or will the Smurfs convince her that their love for her is True Blue? During a solo voyage in the Indian Ocean, a veteran mariner awakes to find his vessel taking on water after a collision with a stray shipping container. With his radio and navigation equipment disabled, he sails unknowingly into a violent storm and barely escapes with his life. With any luck, the ocean currents may carry him into a shipping lane -- but, with supplies dwindling and the sharks circling, the sailor is forced to face his own mortality. The film follows the Tang Monk and his three disciples on their westbound pilgrimage, beating monsters and villains along the way. A fatal plane crash changes the lives of Roman and Jake forever. Roman loses his wife and daughter in the accident, while Jake loses his mind--as he happens to be the air traffic controller who failed to avert the nightmare. Rage and revenge engulfs Roman and Jake finds himself swamped with guilt and regret. Chris wants to show girlfriend Tina his world, but events soon conspire against the couple and their dream caravan holiday takes a very wrong turn. When Lane McCrae confronts the outlaw that murdered his family, the battle leaves him fatally wounded. He is visited by the Devil, who offers him a deal that would save the lives of both he and his brother, but instead makes him a bounty hunter for Hell replacing his predecessor. When Zathera, the embodiment of death, walks the earth, it's up to Lane, Hawk and their team, to stop her before she wipes out humanity. They are not the only ones hunting Zathera though - there are others who want to reach Zathera first, for plans of their own! An anthropology student takes some of his classmates to his family ranch, where his brother lives in a haze of drugs, guilt, and Chumash Indian rituals (IMDb.com) The warrior is Esmeralda, a princess who has brains, can fight and is pretty, too. The sexy one is Don Juan, a pretty boy laughing at danger. These two Spanish champions, along with Don Juan's sidekick Miguel, dance and joke their way through a swashbuckling, Renaissance adventure, saving the queen's English cousin from the nasty, Teutonic Krankenmal. 13 year old kind-hearted Sonja arrives at a tiny village together with a company of bandits. But there is a curse on the village. A long time ago, the King's only daughter Goldhair disappeared while searching for the Christmas Star. The Queen died of a broken heart, leaving the shattered King all on his own. From that day on, the King cursed the Christmas Star, thereby causing darkness and grief to descend upon the land. However, an old sage has revealed that Goldhair is still alive, and will return only if the King finds the way back to the Christmas Star. Ever since, the King has been searching for the Christmas Star every Christmas, but all in vain. European mercenaries searching for black powder become embroiled in the defense of the Great Wall of China against a horde of monstrous creatures. Saber Raine is hired to guide three elite soldiers on a rescue mission to recover a prince and princess who have been abducted from their home world. The trail leads Saber and his allies to a planet deep within uncharted space that is inhabited by strange mutated creatures. A blocked writer and a troubled young woman who meet over a phone-sex line go on a journey together. In a future not too far away, Steve Battier, an elderly, terminally ill multi-millionaire, accepts the offer of a company - RPG - that in exchange for a high monetary sum, provides a very select group of clientele the chance to be young again. For 10 hours, 10 millionaires from around the world, men and women of fame and power, are transferred to attractive and healthy younger bodies, to live in a world of temporary rejuvenation, in a game of real thrills, where every hour someone must die. Alice, the only relatively normal member of the eccentric Sycamore family, falls in love with Tony Kirby. His wealthy banker father, Anthony P. Kirby, and his snobbish mother, strongly disapprove of the match. When the Kirbys are invited to dinner to become better acquainted with their future in-laws, things do not turn out the way Alice had hoped. On the south face of Annapurna, at 7,400 metres, Inaki Ochoa de Olza is dying. His rope companion sounds the alarm. And, from the other side of the world, the biggest rescue attempt in the history of the Himalayas gets underway. For four days a dozen men including some of the best mountaineers in the world, from ten countries, set out to try to rescue their stricken comrade.  Even beyond his peaks Inaki is an exceptional man. As exceptional as the rescue attempt itself and the men who risked their lives to save him. Exceptional because their one driving rule is to live.  To live in the only way possible: with pure intensity and honesty. The story of the most remote music festival in the world, Festival Au Desert, and the battle to make it happen. Ordinary Joe presents a captivating portrait of Joe Sciacca, a beer drinking, blue-collar Vietnam War veteran from Long Island, NY whose life proves to be anything but ordinary. Driven by complex motives, Joe annually returns to Vietnam traveling its back alleys and country roads, searching out the poor, diseased and disabled. By single-mindedly delivering envelopes of small donations collected back home, this brash New Yorker has proven to be an unlikely champion to a far away and seemingly forgotten people. Frank (12) and his sister Caroline (16) arrive in mythical Attic Town in Shadowland, where the Great Syndicate is ruling and robbing citizens. An army of Shadows kidnaps anyone out after dark and the Patrolling Thieves make the daylight miserable for everyone. Attic Town is a place where the streets have no names and there is no turning back. Not realizing that they shifted in space and time, Frank and Caroline part, looking for directions. Wandering the streets, the boy meets Donlore, a young Patrolling Thief, and trusts this somewhat shadowy figure despite his first instincts. Caroline finds herself on a farm outside of town. She soon sets on a journey to find her brother and help him realize his mistake. She has to find him before dark. When the night falls, he will remain one of the dark rulers forever and there will be no way back. In the meantime, the underground opposition of Attic Town begins to revolt. Two gangsters named Lukas and Marc planned to have a nice evening in an brothel. When both of them selected their girls for the night, a bunch of demons starts to attack the brothel. The few ones who survived this attack are confronted with the daugther of the devil herself. She needs the blood of 666 victims to resurrect her father. Lukas and Marc must stop her! Norway is per capita one of the world's biggest producers of weapons and ammunition. The Norwegian Solution gives us a rare look into the ammunition's factory Nammo, situated in the idyllic surroundings of Raufoss, in the middle of the country. The Grounded movie tells the true tale of an Alaskan wildlife filmmaker's persistent curiosity and quest to test the claims of what appears to be an outrageously simple and "too good to be true" healing concept - physical, bare skin contact with the Earth - which may have been known by civilizations throughout history.  New research has started to confirm the unexpected, that the surface of the Earth has a healing power, like a gigantic treatment table. In the Mexican-Guatemalan border, young teenage lovers, Sabina and Jovany, both Hondurans, accidentally meet again after some years without seeing each other. She plans to get to the United States and dreams about being a great singer; he commits all the required atrocities to be accepted by the gang: la Mara Salvatrucha. Sabina and Jovany crashed with the most adverse conditions at the border like white slavery, the Mexican and American migratory agents Burrona and Patrick, the brothel matron Dona Lita, Don Nico the Mexican Consul in Tecun Uman, the drug trafficking networks, the army and la Mara Salvatrucha. Nathan Algren is an American hired to instruct the Japanese army in the ways of modern warfare, which finds him learning to respect the samurai and the honorable principles that rule them. Pressed to destroy the samurai's way of life in the name of modernization and open trade, Algren decides to become an ultimate warrior himself and to fight for their right to exist. A frog who hates the water and jumping wishes that he could be like the other animals in the Amazon rainforest. Badly planned trek across Dartmoor landscape brings four friends face to face with the Dartmoor Beast. Lost and afraid the terrified party has to fight for their own lives in desperate attempt to survive the night.  This is the third movie from the "Mijn Vader is een Detective" film series. When filmmakers Tiernan Turner and Matt Kendall decide to attend the world famous Carnaval, they embark on a 10,000 mile, cross-continental road trip of a lifetime - from Las Vegas to Rio de Janeiro - on nothing but Suzuki motorcycles and the help of the burgeoning, international social network of adventure riders and couch-surfers. Along the way they make life-changing connections with strangers and fellow travelers, proving that, despite all our fears, the world is full of kind and generous people. But when they encounter harsh terrain, mechanical and electrical failures, logistical problems, and other dangers, they must rally their strength and endurance in order to arrive at the festival on time. A quirky caveman sets out on a journey to find his family after they accidentally bury him alive and along the way he meets a very unusual traveling partner; a Chicken. An epic silent space opera about a robot-based alien invasion, featuring unique visuals created by meticulously modifying and editing thousands of hours of silent and serial film footage. With an original story, musical score, and sound design, Time of the Robots creates a new experience highly reminiscent of early cinema. 1979: Cousins Carole and Jerome go on an organized trip to Odessa, behind the Iron Curtain. During the day, posing as tourists celebrating their engagement, they visit monuments and museums. In the evening they slip away from the group and meet "refuseniks", Jews persecuted by the Soviet regime for wanting to leave the country. While Carole is motivated by political commitment and a taste for risk, Jerome's motivation is Carole. When an oil company unwittingly unleashes a prehistoric shark from its icy  prison, the Jurassic killer maroons a group of art thieves and a group of  college students on an abandoned island When are you ready to find out who you really are? At the age of 10, adopted Russian children Grego and Alexa Ammon are rocked by the murder of their father Ted in the Hamptons by their stepfather Danny Pelosi. Soon afterwards, their mother Generosa died of cancer. Now twenty years old, they decide to unearth their roots in the Ukraine. Orphans made orphans again, seeking their identities because even reality doesn't seem real, 59 MIDDLE LANE is a deeply felt documentary that charts the human need to connect and the mysterious journey it takes to move from tragedy to joy. When a rival nation sends troops to invade the Song Dynasty, the emperor sends general Yang Ye (Adam Cheng) to defend the nation. However, Yang's place in the court is shaky due to a feud with Pan Renmei caused by the accidental death of his son at the hands of one of Yang's sons. At the battle, Yang is abandoned by Pan's troops, leaving him trapped in the face of an attack by Yeli Yuan (Shao Bing), an enemy general who wants to kill Yang to avenge his father. After learning about their father's predicament, Yang Ye's seven sons set out to rescue their father at any cost. 100 years ago, titans suddenly appeared on Earth. Soon, human civilization veered on collapse due to the titans. Humans then built a giant wall to defend themselves. Within the giant walls, humans lived in peace, but, 100 years later, the giant wall is broken. Do you know how to turn ordinary water into a billion-dollar business? In Switzerland there's a company which has developed the art to perfection - Nestle. This company dominates the global business in bottled water. Swiss journalist Res Gehringer has investigated this money-making phenomena. Nestle refused to cooperate, on the pretext that it was "the wrong film at the wrong time". So Gehringer went on a journey of exploration, researching the story in the USA, Nigeria and Pakistan. His journey into the world of bottled water reveals the schemes and strategies of the most powerful food and beverage company on our planet. Doreen is about to marry the man of her dreams, Hank, a mild-mannered guy who is equally as excited about marrying Doreen. However, Doreen's older brother, a wild man named Travis who's been estranged from her for several years, shows up to make amends, but instead he accidentally curses her. Doreen is now possessed by the devil. In Las Vegas is a homeless man known as Johnny Priest, who is the last known person to perform an exorcism in America. It's up to Travis and Hank to put aside their differences and travel from Chicago to Las Vegas to get Doreen an exorcism before it's too late and her soul is lost forever. The PS22 Chorus from Staten Island became a YouTube sensation when their teacher started posting videos of them singing on his blog. At their annual Holiday Concert they received a surprise visitor. Anne Hathaway was there to invite them to be the featured performance at the 83rd Annual Academy Awards! Once in a Lullaby follows these lovable fifth-graders from the streets and hallways in Staten Island to the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood, where creative differences, lost voices, and homesickness threaten their performance. The day she turns 40, Marguerite Flora, a successful rep for a nuclear power company, begins receiving letters she'd sent to herself at age seven. The letters tell her what to do if her life hasn't turned out the way she thought it should, when she was living in poverty with her mother and brother in a small village in southern France. She decides to go back to her birthplace to get the lawyer to stop the letters, but also to visit her childhood sweetheart and her long-forgotten brother, in order to find peace within herself. When inept, self-proclaimed survival experts Kaduche and Wynn discover the world's impending destruction, they pull their act off YouTube and enter Epic Mode to save the Earth. Teaming up with their nemesis, the girl of their dreams, and an eccentric visionary known as the Oracle, the group sets out to battle domestic terrorists, disenfranchised Russian communists and brain-eating zombies. Documentary - Beauty Beneath the Dirt follows the story of three young urbanites -- a lawyer, an Ivy grad, and a city chick -- as they attempt to balance family, friendship, and personal happiness while hiking from Georgia to Maine. -  Katherine Imp, Brandon Imp, Emily Ginger Six strangers find themselves in circumstances beyond their control, and must use their wits to survive. A shy struggling actor is dragged into the world of professional male stripping by his egotistical brother. Inspired by the true story of the first giraffe to visit France, Zarafa is a sumptuously animated and stirring adventure, and a throwback to a bygone era of hand-drawn animation and epic storytelling set among sweeping CinemaScope vistas of parched desert, wind-swept mountains and open skies.  Under the cover of darkness a small boy, Maki, loosens the shackles that bind him and escapes into the desert night. Pursued by slavers across the moon-lit savannah, Maki meets Zarafa, a baby giraffe - and an orphan, just like him - as well as the nomad Hassan, Prince of the Desert. Hassan takes them to Alexandria for an audience with the Pasha of Egypt, who orders him to deliver the exotic animal as a gift to King Charles of France. The most famous guitar-makers in the world band together on a journey into one of the most primeval forests on earth. Their struggle is with a Native American logging company, their hope: to save the acoustic guitar. Climb aboard for an extraordinary version of Mark Twain's sweeping adventure when Walt Disney presents The Adventures of Huck Finn, starring Elijah Wood (The Lord of the Rings). Directed by Stephen Sommers (The Mummy, The Mummy Returns), it's the unforgettable saga of a mischievous youngster and a runaway slave The age of fish meat is here. Our hunger for seafood grows and grows but the seas are running out of fish. But what exactly is farmed fish? Where does it come from, and how is it made? Two friends, a fish scientist and environmental engineer, take a sailing voyage through the cradle of western civilization to pull back the cover on modern fish farming. Along the way they discover the tragedy of Bluefin Tuna and the joy of carp. This is the strange but true story of Wild Bill Cooper. Part Arctic adventure and part crime caper, WILD BILL'S RUN is an unforgettable ride with a true American folk hero.  In the winter of 1972, Wild Bill Cooper led a ragtag crew of mechanics, ranchers and photographers on a grueling expedition across the polar ice. During some of the darkest days of the Cold War, their goal was to snowmobile 5,000 miles from Minnesota to Moscow. This special is showing a day of Eclair's life as a prologue to the movie Houou no Miko. After his girlfriend commits suicide, a man (Shinya Tsukamoto) becomes embroiled in gang warfare attempting to obtain a gun in hopes to kill himself. Air Force One is shot down by terrorists, leaving the President of the United States stranded in the wilderness. 13-year old Oskari is also in that wilderness, on a hunting mission to prove his maturity to his kinsfolk by tracking down a deer, but instead discovers the President in an escape pod. With the terrorists closing in to capture their prize, the unlikely duo team up to escape their hunters. The 1954 musical film based on the play by the same name. Actress Grace Kelly won an Academy Award for Best Actress. The film tells the story of an ex-theater actor who is given one more chance to star in a musical yet his alcoholism may prevent it from happening. Boston in the 1920s. A young East Coast debutante is dating the most eligible bachelor in the world, John D. Rockefeller III. Her future seems set: a dream life in the upper echelons of society. But when she least expects it, she meets a young painter from one of the most beautiful places on Earth, the Canadian Rocky Mountains. Their worlds are polar opposites. As their attraction turns their lives upside down, they soon face a universal question: Can you find "home" in another person? A Killer Stalks and Terrorizes a group of Sorority Girls on a College Campus. Three high school virgins, suspended from school on a bogus graffiti charge, flee to the inner city in an attempt to live out the plot of The Catcher in the Rye - a book they neither have read nor understand. BINDLESTIFFS documents their struggles along the way as they surrender their virginities to vagrants, prostitutes, and crack fiends. Hot on their tail is Charlie, the deranged school security guard. Under the impression that the boys are planning a school shooting, he takes the law into his own hands to stop them and save America. The Searcher, a guy who left his old life in search of the Sweet Fruits, sets out to travel into the world. In the very beginning he meets the forester, who seems to have the answer to all his questions. Unfortunately the Searcher doesn't understand anything the forester says, so he has to consult with the wise men of this world in the hope that they can give him the answers he is looking for. His Odyssey leads him on dangerous adventures around the globe until he can finally meet his destiny and uncover the secret of the Sweet Fruits. PAD YATRA: A Green Odyssey is the adventure of 700 people trekking across the Himalayas with a call to save the planet's "3rd pole," a glacial region now devastated by the climate chaos associated with global warming. Battling the most treacherous terrain on the planet, the trekkers spread their message of ecological compassion through human's most basic means -by walking on foot, village to village, and showing by example. Surviving harrowing injuries, illness, and starvation, they emerge with nearly half a ton of plastic litter strapped to their backs, triggering an historic green revolution across the rooftop of the world. "Scavenger Hunt" follows condor biologists in remote Northern Arizona as they uncover the reason behind the decline of North America's largest flying land bird. The issue of lead poisoning from spent ammunition is analyzed from the perspective of the conservationist hunter. It is revealed that lead bullet fragmentation is an important issue for all species of scavengers, and for humans as well. A stark adaptation of Flannery O'Connor's short story A Good Man Is Hard To Find. Through unlocked genetic memories that allow him to relive the adventures of his ancestor in 15th century Spain, Callum Lynch discovers he's a descendant of the secret 'Assassins' society. After gaining incredible knowledge and skills, he is now poised to take on the oppressive Knights Templar in the present day. Thirty-somethings Michael, Nabil and Sylvain head to New York to surprise their friend Samia on her birthday, secretly arranged with the help of another friend, Gabrielle. The two women had moved to NYC two years previously to try their luck. Samia shares a fabulous loft with a renowned American actress and works as her assistant. Gabrielle has a more mundane job in a small retirement home. Transposed to New York, the close bonds formed over the years between the five friends from a housing project on the outskirts of Paris take on a different aspect. The laughter and emotion is dictated by the adventures they share during their stay, from the daily lives of the women to the discovery of this cult city. The Grand Rescue is a story about a rescue that became legend. In 1967, on the North Face of the Grand Teton, seven rescuers risked their lives to save a severely injured climber and his companion. The rescue took three harrowing days, pushed the team to the edge of their abilities, and cemented a lifelong bond. Growing up can be a bumpy road, and it's no exception for Riley, who is uprooted from her Midwest life when her father starts a new job in San Francisco. Riley's guiding emotions-- Joy, Fear, Anger, Disgust and Sadness--live in Headquarters, the control centre inside Riley's mind, where they help advise her through everyday life and tries to keep things positive, but the emotions conflict on how best to navigate a new city, house and school. The team-up between Kaizoku Sentai Gokaiger and Space Sheriff Gavan, celebrating the 30th anniversary of Toei's Metal Hero Series. The legendary Space Sheriff Gavan is hired to capture the Kaizoku Sentai Gokaiger. However, Gavan himself is captured by Gavan Bootleg and is trapped in the worst prison in the universe. The Gokaigers resolve to rescue the sheriff from the prison and join forces with him to fight Gavan Bootleg. In 2005, filmmaker Broderick Fox was found on the Berlin subway tracks with his head split open and a lethal blood alcohol level of 0.47. Strangers pulled him to safety, giving him a second chance at life and propelling him on a global journey to explore the limits of body, mind, spirit and art. Spanning Germany, Canada, Japan, Kenya, and the United States, Fox's journey includes collaborations with Canadian First-Nations artist Rande Cook and African-American artist Zulu, who help him memorialize his experiences in a full back tattoo. In our digital age where personal confession and self-exposure abound, Fox instead transforms his experiences into art, making a film that is both innovative and accessible. A young man and his young elephant street beg in gritty Bangkok amid the controversial elephant business that threatens their survival, until the opportunity comes to release the elephant to the wild. England, 1021. Rob Cole, a boy born in a miserable mining town, swears to become a physician and vanquish disease and death. His harsh path of many years, a quest for knowledge besieged by countless challenges and sacrifices, leads him to the remote Isfahan, in Persia, where he meets Ibn Sina, the greatest healer of his time. Featuring collectors, dealers, auctioneers and a rich range of artists, including market darlings George Condo, Jeff Koons, Gerhard Richter and Njideka Akunyili Crosby, this documentary examines the role of art and artistic passion in today's money-driven, consumer-based society. George Cabot Jr., the son of a department store owner, enrolls Kristina Nielsen, the store's sports clerk,  at a university to use her as an advertisement for their fashion department. She falls for Larry Taylor, a teacher, and gets expelled. A group of scientists in San Francisco struggle to stay alive in the aftermath of a plague that is wiping out humanity, while Caesar tries to maintain dominance over his community of intelligent apes. A landscape narrative in which an unseen child narrator recounts his extraordinary adventure throughout the lifeless suburbs near his Orlando home. Over documentary footage of Central Florida, he tells of his experiences - tales of danger, destruction, and close calls, dreams of Utopian achievements for mankind, and visions of war and conquest, all seamlessly interwoven with matter-of-fact details of his own life. When Ross is diagnosed with terminal brain cancer and given six weeks to live, his newly engaged older brother Seth offers to spend his $50,000 wedding fund on a final trip of a lifetime. Their plans are complicated when Ross invites a call girl to join the group and Seth's uptight fiancee insists on tagging along. This raucous road trip comedy features hip-hop star Asher Roth. As a new day begins in the town of Silverton, its residents have little reason to believe it will be anything other than ordinary. Mother Nature, however has other plans. In the span of just a few hours, an unprecedented onslaught of powerful tornadoes ravages Silverton. Storm trackers predict that the worst is still to come, as terrified residents seek shelter, and professional storm-chasers run toward the danger, hoping to study the phenomenon close up and get a once-in-a-lifetime shot. Where the Yellowstone Goes follows a 30-day drift boat journey down the longest undammed river in the contiguous United States. Intimate portraits of locals in both booming cities and dusty, dwindling towns along the Yellowstone River, illustrate the history and controversies surrounding this enigmatic watershed leading to questions about its future. Connect with colorful characters, get lost in the hypnotic cast of a fly rod, and experience silhouetted moments of fireside stories on this heartfelt river adventure. Compilation of episodes 1-2 of the Space Battleship Yamato 2199 TV anime. As humanity picks up the pieces, following the conclusion of "Transformers: Dark of the Moon," Autobots and Decepticons have all but vanished from the face of the planet. However, a group of powerful, ingenious businessman and scientists attempt to learn from past Transformer incursions and push the boundaries of technology beyond what they can control - all while an ancient, powerful Transformer menace sets Earth in his cross-hairs. A group of American musicians are stuck in Argentina after they are arrested with the possession of drugs. Told in eleven chapters, each of which coincides with a track on their album, this story follows their adventures through rehab, across the country of Argentina, and finally into Chile. When a convoy of American soldiers disappears in the Mideast, a Special OPS team is deployed on a search and rescue mission. When they arrive they encounter monstrous over-sized scorpions, spiders and snakes that were created when a former government scientist opened a vortex into another dimension. Now, the team must figure out a way to close the wormhole - but can they close it in time? Victor is both thrilled and mystified when his family moves into his grand-uncles somber mansion filled with African masks, taxidermy crocodile mounts - and a dark secret: Four decades ago, his grand-cousin Cecilia, at the same age as he is now, lost her life in the mansions impressive staircase, and the circumstances of her death still remain obscure. After living a long and colorful life, Allan Karlsson finds himself stuck in a nursing home. On his 100th birthday, he leaps out a window and begins an unexpected journey. Taiwan in the year 2000, only thirteen years after the lifting of Marshall Law rule and still an unruly place referred to by many as the "Wild, Wild East," provides a perfect setting for The Taiwan Oyster. Masquerading as a bender road--movie, the darkly  comic film explores deep existentialist questions as the protagonists journey deeper and deeper into the Taiwanese countryside. Darin and Simon's quest for the perfect burial spot becomes a strange trip down Taiwan's picturesque East Coast Highway as they encounter the unique cultures of Taiwan, welcoming families, violent gangsters, and Nikita, another lost soul who joins their odyssey. Along the way, they explore the Southeast Asian ex-patriot experience, their own personal demons, and the universal questions that arise when one is confronted  with an untimely death.  A Norman pirate ship berths at the quay of the small Galician town of Tui, with orders to sack the village. Bieito Dubidoso, barely 9 years old but armed with startling magic powers, manages to get them expelled. The news of the miracle spread like wildfire all over the region and, from then on, he will be widely known as "The Little Wizard". Together with his inseparable friend Destreza, he will embark on endless adventures and will face Bishop Juan, lord and master of the city, who will not forgive Bieito for showing him as a coward to his vassels. Will The Little Wizard keep himself safe in his adventures? As an orphan, Naoto Date was scouted by mysterious organization Tiger's Cave. The group trains young men to become villainous wrestlers and collects half of their earnings. Naoto Date goes through a harsh training regime and eventually graduates from Tiger's Cave. He hopes other orphans will not have to go through the difficult life he has.  Naoto Date then makes his debut as the villain Tiger Mask. With his earnings, he also begins to donate his earnings to an orphanage where he grew up. When Naoto Date hears of the orphanage's desperate financial situation, he donates all of his earnings, including the portion that is supposed to go to Tiger Cave.  Tiger Cave now considers Naoto Date a traitor and they send assassins to get ride of Tiger Mask. Based on the hit web series of the same name, the science fiction/adventure/comedy, Angry Video Game Nerd: The Movie, follows a disgruntled gamer who must overcome his fear of the worst video game of all time in order to save his fans. Hilarity ensues as a simple road trip becomes an extravagant pursuit of the unexpected. When Scooby and the gang get trapped in a video game created for them, they must fight against the 'Phantom Virus.' To escape the game they must go level by level and defeat the game once and for all. Hushpuppy, an intrepid six-year-old girl, lives with her father, Wink in 'the Bathtub', a southern Delta community at the edge of the world. Wink's tough love prepares her for the unraveling of the universe--for a time when he's no longer there to protect her. When Wink contracts a mysterious illness, nature flies out of whack--temperatures rise, and the ice caps melt, unleashing an army of prehistoric creatures called aurochs. With the waters rising, the aurochs coming, and Wink's health fading, Hushpuppy goes in search of her lost mother. Sasaki has had a difficult period, going through a divorce and losing his job. To take a break and start anew, Sasaki decides to visit Iriomote Island. While there, Sasaki's belongings are stolen by four homeless men. Sasaki then lives with three other people: a survivalist, a city man and a girl who speaks Kansai dialect. One day, Sasaki hears news about the four homeless men and decides to get revenge ... 4 years, 3 continents, 2 friends, 1 dream, and no script. In the aftermath of a massive earthquake in California, a rescue-chopper pilot makes a dangerous journey across the state in order to rescue his estranged daughter. In this elaborately mounted seafaring adventure, Rolfe is a Viking leader with the cunning and devious mind of a pirate. Rolfe tells others sailors of "The Mother of Voices," a mammoth bell made of gold and as tall as three men, but he adds enough incorrect details to throw them off the proper trail. However, Aly Mansuh, the leader of a group of ambitious Moors, sees through Rolfe's story, and soon the two are in a breakneck race to be the first to capture the precious bell. Kogoro's detective agency receives a mysterious phone call. Someone on the other end warns about a bomb and leaves behind a code, "The Boy in Blue and The Blue Zebra, the rain from above ..." If Conan can decipher the riddle, he can stop the bomb. An adventure begins for Conan and the Detective Boys, taking place at a soccer match between Hideo Akagi of the Tokyo Spirits and Ryusuke Higo of Big Osaka Beirut, 1982: a young Palestinian refugee and an Israeli fighter pilot form a tentative bond in their attempt to make their way across war-torn Lebanon back to their home. "To Have and to Hold" centers on Alice who still can't believe her high school crush, the dashing, wealthy and successful Joe Chambers, would choose to marry her and willingly allows him to mold her into his ideal socialite wife. Despite Alice's best efforts to be the woman of Joe's dreams, he can't help but be unfaithful to her. When Joe's indiscretions impact his career, Alice's life is further turned upside down. Alice unexpectedly finds herself falling for her best friend's boyfriend and begins to wonder if her fairy tale ending could exist after all. Two best friends set out to rescue their pal after he's accidentally dragged to hell. Jerry McGill slipped from a rock'n'roll career into a life of crime, robbing banks and running from the FBI while touring with legends of country music and appearing in movies. After three jail sentences (under two different names), aged 70 and suffering from terminal cancer, he announced his return to music. We follow a gun-toting McGill and his fiance Joyce through four states as he steals whatever's not nailed down and charms his way into and out of trouble. But when you point a camera at a man who will do anything for notoriety, how responsible are you when he goes too far? Ahmad Idham's local comedy sees four friends, Ajis, Ben, Yaya and Diana, who are assigned to hike into an abandoned cave, Gua Bewah, in order to study the history of the place as their final year project for college. However, to complete the assignment they would need to help of a fifth member, which they find in the mysterious and gothic external student Marsha. Marsha reveals that she can guide them to an area of the cave that no modern human has ever entered. However, the group does not count on the various supernatural happenings that they have to face once they are there... Earth has been conquered by robots from another galaxy and the human survivors must stay in their homes, or risk incineration. A global exploration of interesting characters, the decisions they make and how they go about making them. When Damon Miller, a talented, young London filmmaker becomes involved in the disturbing research surrounding Near-Earth Objects he stumbles onto the discovery that the Earth stands on the brink of an extraterrestrial disaster. For the 1,120 Continental workers, the closure of the plant came as a shock! Determined to face up to their destiny, they decide to do battle alone against the mighty multinational. They used every possible means, avoided all the traps and learned a lot about themselves. The human adventure goes beyond news headlines, revealing a tribe facing a challenge where their livelihoods are at stake. Their view of work, society and the crisis is both pertinent and lucid. Part documentary, part fiction, they play their own roles. In a rural African village poised at the outer edge of the modern world, a teenage girl hatches a secret plan to rescue her 11-year-old sister from an arranged marriage. Yann Madec, long-time best mate of Frank Drevil, the star skipper of Global System Insurance, sees his dream come true when he replaces the injured Frank at the last minute for the start of the Vendee Globe. Nine days into the race and leading, Yann is forced to stop in Cape Verde to repair his broken center-board. Back in the race, Yann discovers a stowaway on board, a Senegalese teenager named Moussa. Faced with the risk of disqualification because of Moussa's presence, Yann hesitates... Their encounter leads to the most unforgettable round-the-world race ever. Gotham City is under siege by a series of bizarre crimes and only the world's greatest detective, Batman, can unravel the mystery! The trail leads to none other than the Penguin and his Animilitia, an animal-inspired squad of villains including Silverback, Cheetah, Killer Croc and the monstrous Man-Bat. Reveal the Path is a genre-defying adventure film that contemplates what it means to live an inspired life using the bicycle as a mechanism to explore, dream and discover.  Regions explored include Scotlands lush valleys, Europes snow capped mountains, Moroccos high desert landscapes, Nepals rural countryside and Alaskas rugged coastal beaches. Ride along and get lost in the wonders of the world Meet the locals living modest yet seemingly fulfilling lives, leading us to question what it means to live an inspired life however humble or extravagant. Filmed across four continents and featuring Tour Divide race legends, Matthew Lee &amp; Kurt Refsnider, this immersive film is sure to ignite the dream in you.  Join in as the creators of Ride the Divide take you on an adventure that will leave you with an eager desire to chart your own course to far away lands or simply to discover with eyes wide open whats right around the bend. From the well-publicized events at San Francisco State in 1968 to the image of black students with guns emerging from the takeover of the student union at Cornell University in April, 1969, the struggle for a more relevant and meaningful education, including demands for black and ethnic studies programs, became a clarion call across the country in the late 1960's. Through the stories of these young men and women who were at the forefront of these efforts, Agents of Change examines the untold story of the racial conditions on college campuses and in the country that led to these protests.  Agents of Change links the past to the present and the present to the past--making it not just a movie but a movement.  Two punks from the big city, traveling across the country in a Volkswagen bug, embrace the western ethos when they must take revenge against a group of rednecks for killing their friend in this lighthearted road movie. Along the way, they enlist the help of a young woman who runs a wrecking service. Ricardo, an amusing grumpy middle-aged man, decides to travel overland to India, as he used to do, shipping hippies in the sixties. Only now he has other things on his mind. He has been in a wheelchair for 10 years, suffering from a degenerative disease, that's pushing into its final stages. This is to be his last journey. Accompanied by his housekeeper Dana he sets off, crossing Europe, through Turkey, Iran, Pakistan. It turns out to be a funny and inspiring journey, opening doors both Ricardo and Dana thought were closed forever. As the landscape widens ahead, all of the crucial things of life unfold before them. Most importantly, Ricardo finds a reason to live. Edilson's car broke down in Mount Dora on his way to a cousin's wedding. In the little town he will meet Elizabeth who will change his life forever. Four friends will be drawn into a dangerous adventure to find a Templar cemetery in the mountains of the Pyrenees. In a post-apocalyptic land consumed by "Rottens", a simple farmer and his teenage daughter struggle to survive. Meanwhile, an unruly gang make a plan to kidnap and sell the daughter for their own selfish profit. The summer break is over and the twins returned to Lindenhof. That has now changed a lot. Because Mrs Theobald had to travel, Mademoiselle Bertoux has taken the lead. Joe Toy, on the verge of adolescence, finds himself increasingly frustrated by his single father, Frank's attempts to manage his life. Declaring his freedom once and for all, he escapes to a clearing in the woods with his best friend, Patrick, and a strange kid named Biaggio. He announces that they are going to build a house there, free from responsibility and parents. Once their makeshift abode is finished, the three young men find themselves masters of their own destiny, alone in the woods. Soledad is a folclore singer and Larguirucho a beloved cartoon character; both from Argentina. The movie follows both in their adventures accompanied by numerous songs. In a woods filled with magic and fairy tale characters, a baker and his wife set out to end the curse put on them by their neighbor, a spiteful witch.  The true-life, stranger-than-fiction tale of eighteenth-century Greek pirate turned merchant Ioannis Varvakis, who rose from humble beginnings to become the head of one of the largest mercantile empires in Europe. Alex Jones exposes the growing militarization of American law enforcement and the growing relationship between the military and police. Witness US training with foreign troops and learning how to control and contain civilian populations. You will see Special Forces helicopter attacks on South Texas towns, concentration camps, broad unconstitutional police actions, search and seizure and more. The true story of Forrest Tucker, from his audacious escape from San Quentin at the age of 70 to an unprecedented string of heists that confounded authorities and enchanted the public. Wrapped up in the pursuit are a detective, who becomes captivated with Forrest's commitment to his craft, and a woman, who loves him in spite of his chosen profession. As they celebrate their high school graduation, four friends are involved in a hit-and-run accident when their car hits and apparently kills a pedestrian on an isolated roadway. They dispose of the body and vow to keep the incident a secret, a year later somebody starts sending them letters bearing the warning "I Know What You Did Last Summer". After a construction project begins digging in their neighbourhood, best friends Tuck, Munch and Alex inexplicably begin to receive strange, encoded messages on their cell phones. Convinced something bigger is going on, they go to their parents and the authorities. The three embark on a secret adventure to crack the code and follow it to its source, and discover a mysterious being from another world who desperately needs their help. The journey that follows will change all their lives forever. Inara, The Jungle Girl (2012) is about a young girl in the military whose world comes crashing down when her father passes away. Offered a mission to the remote island of N'iah in order to exploit the precious oil and metals found there. Inara  discovers that the jungle and the women who inhabit it, have more in common with her than she knows. An adventure about Mick, aged 11, and his quest for a new home. Mick runs away on an ice dragon, owns a cat factory, befriends brothers Bengt and Bertil, falls in love for the first time and eventually finds his way home. A story of two coalitions - ACT UP and TAG (Treatment Action Group) - whose activism and innovation turned AIDS from a death sentence into a manageable condition. Despite having no scientific training, these self-made activists infiltrated the pharmaceutical industry and helped identify promising new drugs, moving them from experimental trials to patients in record time. These sexy sirens bring a whole new meaning to "Ladies of the Night" as they lure victim after victim to their VampSisters.com website. Utilizing the web to entice victims to their lair, they seductively work their beauty and their bodies to fulfill an unholy desire to feed on human blood! Once the kinky fun begins, the sisters bare their fangs and the feeding frenzy begins! After these sensual bloodsuckers are finished, they drag the bodies to a hideous creature they keep locked in their shed. As the Missing Persons pile up, two undercover vice squad detectives pose as a kinky couple to infiltrate the Vampire Sisters' home. A chilling battle between the sisters and the undercover cops leads to a mind-blowing finally climax; Iggy -- the creature in the shed -- is finally released After thirty years of marriage, a middle-aged couple attends an intense, week-long counseling session to work on their relationship. Escaped prisoners on a Philippine island battle headhunters and other jungle dangers. A famous photographer, Jo Ellen Hathaway, has been being stalked for quite some time. She returns to the island she grew up on in an effort to get away from the stalker and get some well-needed relaxation time. On the island, she meets up with old friends and boyfriends and works on relationships with her family. However, she can't shake the feeling that she's still being watched. Patch Town, inspired by the award-winning short film of the same name.  After years in a loving home, Jon, a toy, was forgotten, deserted and ultimately betrayed by his adoptive mother. He returns to live a sad life as a worker on the line; a life of factory work and oppression in a place where hundreds of cabbage babies are born every day. The thankless task of shucking, picking, and processing these newborns to go out into the world and to their new mothers has taken its toll on Jon. With each new birth, Jon slips deeper into sadness, lamenting the days when life was good and he was loved. Five British friends head to the Andes for a stag weekend. Of course, they're unprepared, get lost - and inevitably ignore all warnings about the sinister local legend of the 'The Hunter'. The tables are turned as four teenagers are sucked into Jumanji's world - pitted against rhinos, black mambas and an endless variety of jungle traps and puzzles. To survive, they'll play as characters from the game. A visual love song to the surf blessed land of Chile, its people, and the ocean that defines it. The Greatest Showman star Hugh Jackman joins Alex Zane to discuss his career on stage and screen, as well as his favourite movie musicals of all time. In the mid 19th century, Yankee whalers taught the sailors on the tiny island of Bequia in the West Indies how to catch whales. The once proud American tradition has been kept alive and cherished by Bequians generation after generation. For the last few decades outside pressures, overt and covert, have conspired against the whale hunters and those who rely on them. The stouthearted whalers simply seek sustenance for their community but also provide something else: identity. The story of Tom Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn, placed in the years right after the Second World War in Germany. A tale about friendship and courage. After the closure of their shipyard in Northern Spain, a few former workers: Santa, Jose, Lino, Amador, Sergei and Reina keep in touch. They meet mainly at a bar owned by their former colleague Rico. Santa is the most superficially confident and the unofficial leader of the group. A court case hangs over him relating to a shipyard lamp he smashed during protest against the closure. Jose is bitter that his wife, Ana, is employed when he is not. The gap between them is widening and he is fearful that she will leave him for a co-worker. Despite arthritic legs, Ana endures night shifts at a fish factory and thinks her looks are now lost. Not everyone seems to agree including her boss. Lino, an aging family man doggedly pursuing positions beyond his qualifications. The oldest member of the group, Amador, has degenerated into alcoholism after being abandoned by his wife; maintaining an increasingly transparent pretense that his wife will soon return from holiday. Fourteen-year-old Mackenzie is sent to live with her uncle in Juneau when her mother can't care for her anymore. The living situation quickly takes a turn for the worse, and she runs away to rejoin her mother in Seattle. While on her dangerous journey of sleeping in cars and breaking into hotel rooms, she's drawn to Rene, a lonesome backpacker looking for tranquility in the wilderness. Following a deadly viral outbreak, private military soldier Max Gatling leads a handful of survivors and a ragtag band of robots against an army of the infected. Guts, an immensely strong sword-for-hire, has little direction in his life, simply fighting one battle after the next. However, this all changes suddenly when he meets and is bested by Griffith, a beautiful and charismatic young man who leads the Band of the Hawk mercenary army. After Guts joins the Band and the relationship between the two men begins to blossom, Casca, the tough, lone swordswoman in the Band of the Hawk, struggles to accept Guts and the influence he has on the world around her.  While the two men begin to fight together, Griffith continues to rise to power, all seemingly in order to reach his mysterious, prophesied goals. What lengths will Guts and Griffith go to in order to reach these goals, and where will fate take the two men? David Essex stars as Nick Freeman, a motorcycle racer who, following the death of his brother, inherits a revolutionary prototype motorcycle, and is determined to race it at the British Grand Prix at Silverstone. Religion, mysticism and reality entwined. A Cast &amp; crew of western culture artists and misfits travel to Gabon, Africa, the believed origin of the Garden of Eden.. home of one of the most powerful psychotropic plants on Earth. Their experience mimicked the script but the film never got made.. the documentary did. An evil criminal organisation called Sigma kidnap prominment business leaders to harvest their DNA and only Karate-Robo Zaborgar can save them. In the wild west, two brothers embark on a journey to collect a bounty in a desperate attempt to save their home: but what they find along the way is more than they bargained for. A film about imagination, in which the protagonist goes on internal journeys around the world, overcoming fears and making new discoveries. A devastating hit-and-run can't end this cyclist's dream of biking across America. "The Long Bike Back" follows Pearson Constantino's recovery and inspiring quest to ride across the United States with his brother to remind people of the joy of riding a bicycle Alex Taylor investigates her sisters murder in this erotic thriller. Her sister, Kim Taylor, is a gorgeous girl who's murder haunts Alex. Alex is out of her jurisdiction, but, decides to complete the investigation. Wilco Live: Ashes of American Flags is a live performance DVD by the American alternative rock band Wilco. A captivating statesman from Americas past takes a modern family on a series of wild adventures, opening their eyes to the origins and importance of the U.S. Constitution. Several people volunteer for a scientific experiment about mind-reading and memory, but the experiment goes horribly wrong. Fourteen year old Nim, more determined than ever to protect her island and all the wildlife that call it home, faces off against resort developers and animal poachers. Soon she realizes she can't depend on her animal cohorts alone and must make her first human friend - Edmund, who's run away to the island from the mainland - to save her home. After dying before his time, an aspiring comic gets a second shot at life... by being reincarnated as a wealthy but un-likable businessman. Peter Parker and his friends go on a summer trip to Europe. However, they will hardly be able to rest - Peter will have to agree to help Nick Fury uncover the mystery of creatures that cause natural disasters and destruction throughout the continent. A modern Shakespearean actor must travel back in time to confront enigmatic forces from the past and future. Stranded after a tragic plane crash, two strangers must forge a connection to survive the extreme elements of a remote snow covered mountain. When they realize help is not coming, they embark on a perilous journey across the wilderness. Friends from the land of the Fairy Tale Tree become trapped in Winterland and must find 5 magical crystals to return home. Drawing from ancient knowledge and cutting edge science, Symphony of the Soil is an artistic exploration of the miraculous substance soil. By understanding the elaborate relationships and mutuality between soil, water, the atmosphere, plants and animals, we come to appreciate the complex and dynamic nature of this precious resource. The film also examines our human relationship with soil, the use and misuse of soil in agriculture, deforestation and development, and the latest scientific research on soil's key role in ameliorating the most challenging environmental issues of our time. Filmed on four continents, featuring esteemed scientists and working farmers and ranchers, Symphony of the Soil is an intriguing presentation that highlights possibilities of healthy soil creating healthy plants creating healthy humans living on a healthy planet. Imagine Wes Anderson's Bottle Rocket fused with the reality TV show Survivor, and you might get the slightest inkling of this hilarious buddy-comedy-crime-caper that spins entirely off the rails. Two party-animal, reality TV stars (Jason Trost - The FP, and Lucas Till - X-Men: First Class) are stranded in Thailand. The only way home, and last chance of reclaiming their reality star-status? A treasure map... to a treasure map... Hilarity and adventure ensue in this indie comedic gem. A couple live a mediocre life and are thrilled to have won an exotic vacation to Fiji & their excitement increases when they get a chance to play "Tell all truth" game for a mind boggling prize money. The game begins and the couple discovers that the game isn't really a game, but is a game of survival. The 13th June of 1929, three French pilots, with a clandestine passenger on board, jump from the Old Orchard beach in Maine (USA) into the risky crossing of the Atlantic. After 30 flying hours and a minimum of fuel, they are forced to land in a beach of the north of Spain. Two days later, they continue their trip to Paris where they are welcomed as heroes. They become the first crew having crossed the Atlantic and the first one to unite North America and Spain. This is The Adventure of the Yellow Bird. A lighthearted, feature-length documentary that explores what happens when four first-timers accept a challenge to ride naked on bicycles in Seattle's legendary Fremont Solstice Parade. Through first-person footage of four audacious riders, and interviews with critics and fans, Beyond Naked explores our deep-rooted fear and awkward fascination with nakedness.  Filmmakers Dan McComb and Lisa Cooper follow the four riders in the run up to the parade, uncovering their trepidations about, and motivations for riding naked. From nudist camp, to waxing spa, to the streets of Seattle's quirky neighborhood called Fremont, audiences will experience the tensions and silliness at that arise at the intersection of public and private. Tastefully shot for a mainstream audience, the film will leave viewers inspired by the creative courage of those who are willing to dare more with less. The film narrates the love between Janaina and a native warrior who, when dying, takes the form of a bird. For six centuries, the story of the couple survives through four stages in the history of Brazil: 1500, when the country was discovered by the Portuguese explorers, 1800, in events during slavery; 1970, during the high point of the military dictatorship, and 2096, when there will be a war over water. Lenny is a surveyor who just lost his job. When a new opportunity arises, he doesn't think twice to take it. What he doesn't know is that this new job will test, not only his abilities, but also his will to survive. Primatologist Davis Okoye shares an unshakable bond with George, the extraordinarily intelligent, silverback gorilla who has been in his care since birth.  But a rogue genetic experiment gone awry mutates this gentle ape into a raging creature of enormous size.  To make matters worse, it's soon discovered there are other similarly altered animals.  As these newly created alpha predators tear across North America, destroying everything in their path, Okoye teams with a discredited genetic engineer to secure an antidote, fighting his way through an ever-changing battlefield, not only to halt a global catastrophe but to save the fearsome creature that was once his friend. This is a modern pirate story complete with a captain, a mutinous crew of outlaws, a princess, her wedding dress and untold riches. Only one thing is missing: the ship. According to legend, Vulchan, a 19th-century gypsy pirate, attacked three convoys laden with gold. He robbed them, sunk them and hid his treasure by the coast. Fast forward to present day. Captain Jack, an ex-con himself, leads a motley bunch of homeless outcasts--alcoholics and petty criminals--in a search for the hidden loot. But their hopes of riches and glory are threatened when the brother of the Bulgarian Prime Minister announces plans to build a new mega tourist resort by the Black Sea. An unlikely friendship between 2 young men becomes everything, when an Australian soldier takes refuge under the canopied jungles of Singapore, during the violent Japanese invasion in World War II. Jim is lost, injured and defenseless in a hostile, tropical world, hunted by Japanese troops, Seng, a Singapore-Chinese resistance fighter emerges from the jungle and the two young men find themselves thrown together hoping to survive. Ben and Katie Jordan are a married couple who go through hard times in fifteen years of marriage. There's something strange happening inside Buffalo Central Terminal. A group of urban explorers find more than they bargained for. In the mid-19th century, Senator William J. Tadlock leads a group of settlers overland in a quest to start a new settlement in the Western US. Tadlock is a highly principled and demanding taskmaster who is as hard on himself as he is on those who have joined his wagon train. He clashes with one of the new settlers, Lije Evans, who doesn't quite appreciate Tadlock's ways. Along the way, the families must face death and heartbreak and a sampling of frontier justice when one of them accidentally kills a young Indian boy. When his grandfather's drive-in cinema and home in the outback town of Wyndham is threatened with demolition, a twelve-year-old Aboriginal boy must journey through Australia's bush country -- equipped only with ancient survival skills -- to stop the city developers. After an archaeologist and his students excavate a Templar Knight's tomb, they are thrown into the middle of an ancient blood feud. They must either follow the Templar's ancient path or face destruction at the hands of a dark league of assassin. When zombies overrun San Francisco, a desperate group survives by locking themselves inside Alcatraz Prison. When the undead breach the island, our heros are forced to return to the mainland overrun with the undead. A detective from Hong Kong teams up with an American gambler to battle against a notorious Chinese criminal. A demeaning game-show appearance, an ill-advised mushroom-picking outing that goes horribly off the rails, inquiries from a cynical reporter -- things just keep getting worse for the middle-aged politician at the centre of Estonian director Toomas Hussar's satire about a shallow, fame-obsessed post-Cold War culture. (TIFF) In the 28th century, Valerian and Laureline are special operatives charged with keeping order throughout the human territories. On assignment from the Minister of Defense, the two undertake a mission to Alpha, an ever-expanding metropolis where species from across the universe have converged over centuries to share knowledge, intelligence, and cultures. At the center of Alpha is a mysterious dark force which threatens the peaceful existence of the City of a Thousand Planets, and Valerian and Laureline must race to identify the menace and safeguard not just Alpha, but the future of the universe. When one of her hits goes wrong, a professional assassin ends up with a suitcase full of a million dollars belonging to a mob boss ... The Snow Queen is a powerful story of friendship and the triumph of love over wickedness. The story follows a young woman who is forced to battle the wicked snow queen in order to save the soul of the man she loves. Private eye Roland Drake cracks cases and romances femme fatales in 1940's Los Angeles while corrupt cop Det Barry Tate rules the city. A tale told in the classic style of film noir. Drake has fallen on hard times in a harsh world. He has been evicted from his office and disgraced by a missing persons case. Ruined in the public eye and with the police. it seems like it's all over for Roland Drake. Then, redemption walks in - with curves. The owner of those curves is a sexy, dark haired beauty named Katherine Montemar. She wants his help. The chemistry is immediate and her concern for the disappearance of her family members pulls him into her case - and into bed. Spain, under Philip IV (1621-1665). The film is based on a novel by Gonzalo Torrente Ballester. The King (Gabino Diego) is stunned to see the naked body of Marfisa (Laura del Sol), the most beautiful prostitute of the town and Court. After that, he also wants to see the Queen (Anne Roussel) naked. However, the King, despite the opposition and the scandal of the Church, will not stop until he reaches his wishes. For his 50th birthday Marcos only receives an invitation to the wedding of the only woman he loved; 30 years ago. With the chinese mafia after his restaurant and the shattered dream of becoming a writer, Marcos decides to go to the wedding. Fernando, the irresponsible delivery guy joins Marcos in this cross-country adventure. Will they make it ti the wedding on time? The special bond that develops between plus-sized inflatable robot Baymax, and prodigy Hiro Hamada, who team up with a group of friends to form a band of high-tech heroes. Following the gruesome murder of a young woman in her neighborhood, a self-determined woman living in New York City--as if to test the limits of her own safety--propels herself into an impossibly risky sexual liaison. Soon she grows increasingly wary about the motives of every man with whom she has contact--and about her own. A group of B-string superheroes go on a reality show in hopes of hitting the big time. Speckles, a ferocious tarbosaurus and his young son junior, mourning the loss of their family in an epic battle, roam the lands in search of food, adventure and peace. Under the watchful eye of his dad, Junior is growing up healthy and strong, but with an overconfidence thanks to his young age. After one encounter results in Junior being kidnapped, Speckles embarks on an adventure to the ends of earth to find his son. Encountering friend and foe, ally and enemy, Speckles will stop at nothing and will take on all corners to save his offspring. Recent MIT grad Matt Franklin should be well on his way to a successful career at a Fortune 500 company, but instead he rebels against maturity by taking a job at a video store. Matt rethinks his position when his unrequited high-school crush, Tori, walks in and invites him to an end-of-summer party. With the help of his twin sister and his best friend, Matt hatches a plan to change the course of his life. When their daughter is kidnapped by experienced nappers (Bacon and Love), the Jennings' (Theron and Townsend) turn the tables on this seemingly foolproof plan. A secret cabal, The Shadow, works to bring about the return of Goth Azul - the Undead God - in the rich world of SAGA, populated by elves, orcs, dwarves and dragons.  A ruthless elven bounty huntress (Nemyt) shoots down the dragon ridden by the fugitive orc shaman, Fangtor Bloodmoon. When Fangtor refuses to surrender quietly, the huntress must battle for her own life against the dangerous villain, and comes away with more than just his head. Following the events of Captain America: Civil War, Peter Parker, with the help of his mentor Tony Stark, tries to balance his life as an ordinary high school student in Queens, New York City, with fighting crime as his superhero alter ego Spider-Man as a new threat, the Vulture, emerges. Two gay bikers unearth a mysterious artifact while performing an archaeological dig at a remote river. A peculiar disc jockey living in the same town with a fancy of the supernatural and conjuring spirits. Whether it be the strange artifact or the work of the disc jockey, the town of Mayor's Cove, run by a prejudice government, now has a strange albino black drifter from the Voodoo Dolls motorcycle gang wreaking havoc on the Krackers gang. Chock full of violence, rebellion, homosexuality and voodoo, "Bros on Bikes" is unlike any motion picture of its genre! Johanka and Matyas have an unusual home. The two live among the animals and plants of an enchanted botanical garden in the middle of the city, but this idyll is under threat. To the children's horror, the mayor wants to build a theme park on the same spot. The Blue Tiger, an animal with magic powers, comes to their aid. Only he can protect the garden, but Johanka and Matyas must now stop the mayor from capturing their newfound friend. MODRY TYGR is a colourful, atmospheric and imaginatively told animated fairytale that inspires the viewer to reflect on natural resources and habitats. An American on his hilarious and uncovering journey in Germany in search of the mystery of German's identity and their beer culture. The film is set in Tuscany during the Black Death. As in the Decameron, ten young Florentines take refuge from the plague. But instead of telling stories, they have lusty adventures, bawdy exchanges, romance and swordplay. There are randy nuns, Saracen pirates, and a sexy cow. Fall and Winter is an epic and spectacularly photographed journey across the U.S. in search of what is causing our unfolding global crisis. Pollution, droughts and diminishing resources now threaten the very engine driving these catastrophes; civilization itself. Massive dislocations are manifesting in our lifetime, and our world will never be the same. Set in a troubled town in the center of England, life is tough for Toby, a local fighter down on his luck. His mother is an invalid; the town hates him and a particularly nasty businessman has plans for him that will tear his life apart. One day, after losing a crucial fight, a stranger only known as 'The Collector' arrives to take him away and drop him in the middle of an unforgiving landscape, where he will either sink or swim. Toby realizes that he has died and landed in a cruel holding pattern between heaven and hell, where he must find his own way, or be forever stuck going in circles. Although the journey is at times brutal and cruel, it is an ultimately rewarding story of a lost soul finding its place in the universe. In this entry in the MGM "Crime Does Not Pay" series young Frank Davis, dropping out of school and joining a small-time hoodlum gang, finds out that leading a life of crime is not all he thought it would be. The personal story of a young woman in her early 20's who escapes societies expectations and becomes a sheepherder for a summer season. This documentary follows Hayley, a 40-year old New Zealand-born Canadian, pursuing her dream to solo kayak in crashing waves and treacherous seas to bring awareness to an endangered seabird, the albatross. Freemont Gordon isn't passionate about his successful Architecture job in Los Angeles. After he turns 30, he finds his job isn't enough and he quits and goes on a road trip. Along the way, he meets the most amazing and generous everyday folks. Freemont shows his thanks by building secret tree houses for the families in hopes of giving their kids fun places to play. Freemont finds that doing what he loves is what matters most. This creature feature tells the story of a an old grumpy man (the hermit) on revenge, a pack of hunters and a rugby gorilla mascot running for his life, with one thing in common: an alien being that has crashed to earth, eating anyone in its path. Now it's up to the heroes to stop this menacing creature at all cost. An adventurous woman with a secret from her husband insists they go for a romantic camping trip in a remote wood to reconnect and share some quality time. But their idyll is shockingly cut short after a group of nearby hunters are brutally killed by a mysterious creature. Trapped inside their tent, the couple is forced to help one of the injured hunters and together they plan their escape. Is there really something supernatural hidden in the forest?  Or is it just their imaginations running riot. Soon they must determine if the real threat is inside or outside their enclosure When yet another anniversary passes without a marriage proposal from her boyfriend, Anna decides to take action. Aware of a Celtic tradition that allows women to pop the question on Feb. 29, she plans to follow her lover to Dublin and ask him to marry her. Fate has other plans, however, and Anna winds up on the other side of the Emerald Isle with handsome, but surly, Declan -- an Irishman who may just lead Anna down the road to true love. A rogue submarine captain pulls together a misfit crew to go after a sunken treasure rumored to be lost in the depths of the Black Sea. As greed and desperation take control on-board their claustrophobic vessel, the increasing uncertainty of the mission causes the men to turn on each other to fight for their own survival. A comedy about funny adventures of the married couple on the remote island. Deep into a forest, a gathering of wild animals start a nocturnal opera, conducted by a squirrel. The journey of Manolo, a young man who is torn between fulfilling the expectations of his family and following his heart. Before choosing which path to follow, he embarks on an incredible adventure that spans three fantastical worlds where he must face his greatest fears. 1892, Saint Petersburg. Sasha, a young Russian aristocrat, has always been fascinated by her grandfather's life as an adventurer. A renowned explorer, he designed a magnificent arctic ship, but he hasn't returned from his last expedition to the North Pole. To save her family's honor, Sasha runs away. Headed towards the Great North, she follows her grandfather's trail in search of his famous ship. intro #1 - Queen - Flash Gordon soundtrack  intro #2 - The Rolling Stones - I Am Waiting  Anthony Van Engelen intro - Chemical Brothers - Dream on  Anthony Van Engelen #1 - Iggy Pop and the Stooges - Search and Destroy  Anthony Van Engelen #2 - Thurston Moore - Root (25 Guitar Pieces remix)  Anthony Pappalardo - Roots/Ron Ayers - Proceed (remix)  timelapse - Tortoise - Ten-Day Interval  Pat Corcoran - Turing Machine - Swiss Grid  Jason Dill - Phillip Glass - The Ark  Rob Dyrdek intro - Playaction - Hip Hop V.1  Rob Dyrdek - Main Flow & Mood - Crime Outfit  Josh Kalis intro - DJ Shadow - Red Bus Needs to Leave  Josh Kalis #1 - Freddie Fox - 24 Hrs  Josh Kalis #2 - Black Rob - Whoa  Jason Dill intro - Radiohead & Unkle - Rabbit in the Headlights  Jason Dill - Radiohead - Polyethylene  credits - Tortoise - TNT  kid regeneration segment - Philip Glass - Glassmasters  Jason Dill spear segment - Philip Glass - Anima Mundi soundtrack  Habitat - Mr. Dibbs Primitive Tracks NEVER SAY...NEVER MIND, the SWEDISH BIKINI TEAM find themselves in London at BUCKINGHAM PALACE receiving British Orders of Chivalry. But first, they must locate and destroy a copy of the infamous Los Alamos hard drive. Meanwhile, HELGA is missing in action in AMAZONIA and gets her Damehood in absentia. The other TEAM MEMBERS think that their next stop will be a leisurely yacht cruise and an appearance at the International Bikini Team Federation (IBTF) Open, where they will be judging the contest. Little do they know that intrigue, adventure, portable nuclear devices, a mutant yeast strain and danger in high places awaits. A portrait of rural melancholia, SALT IN THE AIR exhumes the spirit of salt from a 3,500-year-old salt mine in a foggy and hardscrabble Carpathian Mountain village in Ukraine. With rhythmic pacing and intimacy, SALT IN THE AIR connects actual salt with the landscapes and the lives that salt touches. Innovative asthma clinics where patients inhale salt crystals. The enduring legacy of salt pork. And the salt-miners' struggle to sustain a solemn covenant with what was once the most valuable material on Earth. A struggling NYC matchmaker is hired by a king to find his son a suitable wife in time for a national celebration. As the clock ticks towards her deadline, the matchmaker finds him the perfect wife -- only to realize that she's fallen in love with him! The events of Battle of Gods take place some years after the battle with Majin Buu, which determined the fate of the entire universe. After awakening from a long slumber, Beerus, the God of Destruction is visited by Whis, his attendant and learns that the galactic overlord Frieza has been defeated by a Super Saiyan from the North Quadrant of the universe named Goku, who is also a former student of the North Kai. Ecstatic over the new challenge, Goku ignores King Kai's advice and battles Beerus, but he is easily overwhelmed and defeated. Beerus leaves, but his eerie remark of "Is there nobody on Earth more worthy to destroy?" lingers on. Now it is up to the heroes to stop the God of Destruction before all is lost. Treasure hunter Ben 'Finn' Finnegan has sunk both his trusty boat and his marriage to Tess in his obsessive quest to find the legendary 'Queen's Dowry' treasure. When he finds a vital clue that may finally pinpoint the treasure's whereabouts, he drags Tess and her boss along on the hunt. But Finn is not the only one interested in the gold--his former mentor-turned-enemy will stop at nothing to beat him to it. An adventurous Australian Journalist (Brian Jeffery) travels to Cambodia in seek of a fresh perspective on life that can only be experienced in the once expansive Kingdom. Within a landscape rich in beauty and a culture so venerable, the sprawl of urban society bustles for survival. Youthful Father Chuck O'Malley led a colorful life of sports, song, and romance before joining the Roman Catholic clergy. After being appointed to a run-down New York parish, O'Malley's worldly knowledge helps him connect with a gang of boys looking for direction, eventually winning over the aging, conventional Parish priest. An elementary school principal and a third grade teacher find romance... Continuing his "legendary adventures of awesomeness", Po must face two hugely epic, but different threats: one supernatural and the other a little closer to his home. Nobita and Doraemon use time tree Mochi and catches a big bird Moa, which has been extinct for 500 years ago. To protect extinct the animal, Nobita and Doramon go to Beremon Island which is protected by a golden beetle named Herakles. They meet a girl from the Rokkoro tribe and a boy who looks exactly like Nobita on Beremon Island ... In rural Connecticut, baseball players Ben and Mickey are trying to survive a zombie plague. They are forced to form a battery: a catcher and a pitcher who work together to outwit the batter, the one who hits the ball. And the batter in this case just happens to be a zombie. Tough Ben and gentle Mickey frequently disagree on the best way to go about the situation. Then they suddenly hear a human voice through their walkie-talkies. Is salvation nearby, like Mickey thinks, or is Ben's suspicion justified? Bravo city is in trouble. Mind Brain and his evil shadow walkers plan to take it over, and eventually control the whole world. Driven by greed, Mind Brain uses villains with immense powers to achieve his goals.Bravo city's only hope is a kid named skater, an aspiring hockey player and the first member of the Universal Ninjas' Team 94 years after The Battle of Yavin, the New Republic has been resurrected and democracy once again rules the galaxy. The Jedi Order is reestablished on the planet Yavin 4, and has continued to train new Jedi Knights in the art of peace and justice. But all is not peaceful in this new world. With the fall of the Dark Empire, the ancient Skenvi Empire now comes out of the shadow to make its move. The Skenvi now oppose the New Republic for control over the galaxy with their aggressively growing empire. The Skenvi seek to seize control of all the galaxy's most valuable resources to cripple their enemies. And if a planet refuses to join them, they have been known to take very aggressive actions. Caught in between this struggle over the fate of the galaxy is the little planet of Coreign. The planet possesses a very powerful resource that would greatly favor the side that has access to it if a galactic war was to emerge. A black doctor ex-convict returns to the all-white town he knows as home and discovers a deadly disease threatening the citizens. He must fight prejudice and time if he is to save the town. One Dream, Two Brothers, One continent. Two brothers follow their dream of surfing the American Pacific showing the Continent as a whole, through its different cultures, villages, food, people, animals and landscapes while camping and surfing on their way back home to Argentina. In his film, the Chilean film director accompanies Russian filmmaker Victor Kossakovsky during the shooting of his latest film. In Patagonia, at Lake Baikal and in Shanghai, Victor Kossakovsky explores the singular relationships between places and people on opposite sides of the world. Carlos Klein documents the making of this ambitious film in a very personal way, driven by his own inner search for images that still have an impact on us. While doing so, he reveals his own and Kossakovsky's ambiguous attitude towards filmmaking. Ostracized at her posh new uptown school and shaken by the death of her beloved grandmother, a 10 year-old downtown girl finds an unlikely mentor in the form of an irascible chess-master, who uses the game to teach Max lessons in resilience, perseverance, and how to embrace inevitable change. Five friends go camping on the wild coast of Vancouver Island. Things start to go seriously wrong while partying with two Australian surfers Dory is reunited with her friends Nemo and Marlin in the search for answers about her past. What can she remember? Who are her parents? And where did she learn to speak Whale? "Plastic Paradise" is an independent documentary film that chronicles Angela Sun's personal journey of discovery to one of the most remote places on Earth, Midway Atoll, to uncover the truth behind the mystery of the Great Pacific Garbage Patch. Along the way she encounters scientists, celebrities, legislators and activists who shed light on what our society's vast consumption of disposable plastic is doing to our oceans -- and what it may be doing to our health. The Grand Budapest Hotel tells of a legendary concierge at a famous European hotel between the wars and his friendship with a young employee who becomes his trusted protege. The story involves the theft and recovery of a priceless Renaissance painting, the battle for an enormous family fortune and the slow and then sudden upheavals that transformed Europe during the first half of the 20th century. Fifteen years ago, three childhood friends, Geki, Sherry and Okuma, were star-gazing and became inspired to go into space. As adults, Geki and Okuma join a mission to Mars, but their space shuttle goes missing before they could reach their destination. A year later, a monster attacks and a mysterious silver-colored warrior appears. A 3D feature film about Sir Edmund Hillary's monumental and historical ascent of Mt. Everest in 1953 - an event that stunned the world and defined a nation. Burger Beard is a pirate who is in search of the final page of a magical book that makes any evil plan he writes in it come true, which happens to be the Krabby Patty secret formula. When the entire city of Bikini Bottom is put in danger, SpongeBob, Patrick, Mr. Krabs, Squidward, Sandy, and Plankton need to go on a quest that takes them to the surface. In order to get back the recipe and save their city, the gang must retrieve the book and transform themselves into superheroes. A Sadhu. A holy man of Hinduism who has renounced all earthly possessions in order to retire to a grotto in the heart of the Himalayas. After eight years of living as a hermit, his meditations no longer satisfy him. In order to redeem his solemn vow, he has to take the risk of confronting the world again. During his pilgrimage Indian mysticism becomes gradually superimposed by the humanity of this wise man. A sage that no longer wants to be one. Kombodhi (Pasupathy) is the leader of a tribe of thieves living in Vembur. After a particular expedition, they come to know of a solitary thief, who claims to be from their village. Kombodhi hunts him out and finds that his name is Varipuli (Aadhi) and that he is very skilled. Kombodhi invites him to join his gang and live in Vembur. But after Varipuli arrives, his past catches up with him. Clay, Michael and Andrew are fascinated by a yearbook from Chico High's class of 1990 that they discover at a Value Village. Intrigued by the cryptic word "Caduceus" emblazoned across the cover, and by the countless sweet mullets and dream girls inside, the three friends lock onto one particular student: feather-banged mystery man Timothy Truelove. When the guys discover tickets for the 20th reunion available online, they can't resist the temptation to crash. This is hands down the most awesome road trip you'll ever take from Portland to Chico, California! Will they get busted by the Reunion Committee? Will Truelove show? What the heck does "Caduceus" mean anyway? The documentary equivalent of a John Hughes movie, Finding Truelove is an exuberant comedy that pays homage to all things '80s-from Saved By the Bell to Howard Jones to Back to the Future-with pure energy and heart. A documentary about Buffalo wings and the ragtag team that set out to find the perfect one. In a modern day fairy tale, Rowan ventures into mysterious darkness that contains dangerous creatures to save her family from the clutches of the evil Dr. Ravenen. While on a grand world tour, The Muppets find themselves wrapped into an European jewel-heist caper headed by a Kermit the Frog look-alike and his dastardly sidekick. Flamboyantly gay Austrian television reporter Bruno stirs up trouble with unsuspecting guests and large crowds through brutally frank interviews and painfully hilarious public displays of homosexuality. The tables are turned as four teenagers are sucked into Jumanji's world - pitted against rhinos, black mambas and an endless variety of jungle traps and puzzles. To survive, they'll play as characters from the game. Two young men, one rich, one middle class, both in love with the same woman, become US Air Corps fighter pilots and, eventually, heroic flying aces during World War I. Devoted best friends, their mutual love of the girl eventually threatens their bond. Meanwhile, a hometown girl who's the lovestruck lifelong next door neighbor of one of them, pines away. In the 1940s war-torn Denmark, the young girl Marie turns 10 ye$ars old. It is celebrated in the parents' bakery shop where she and her cousin Sebastian on 13 years daily work. But the normally sheltered life comes to an end as a group of soldiers storms the shop and take both Marie's father and mother with them. Together with Sebastian, Marie goes out to find her parents. Although the reality gives little chances Marie is hopeful, while Sebastian fears the day he will have to tell her the truth Sammy and Ray, leatherback turtles and friends forever, are enjoying an atoll's water and sand, shepherding new hatchlings Ricky and Ella out to sea. Suddenly, a poacher swoops in and ships them off to be part of a spectacular aquarium show for tourists in Dubai. The kingpin of the place, Big D the seahorse, enlists them in his plans for a great escape. But with their new friends Jimbo the bug-eyed blob fish and Lulu the snippy lobster, Annabel the sweet Octopus, and a whole family of penguins, Sammy and Ray hatch breakout plans of their own. That is when little Ricky and Ella arrive, determined to break in to rescue them. After a series of thrilling adventures and narrow escapes, our heroes head south to meet up with Shelly, Sammy's first and only love. Three slackers from Grand Rapids drive across America in an old motorhome searching for a mysterious folk music festival in the desert.  Along the way, they encounter many obstacles including suspicious border patrol guards, alien abductions, bad haircuts, bad dreams, and bad directions.  Finding a music festival in the desert turns out to be more difficult and strange than they expected. Sixteen years ago, a mysterious masked ninja unleashes a powerful creature known as the Nine-Tailed Demon Fox on the Hidden Leaf Village Konoha, killing many people. In response, the Fourth Hokage Minato Namikaze and his wife Kushina Uzumaki, the Demon Fox's living prison or Jinchuriki, manage to seal the creature inside their newborn son Naruto Uzumaki. With the Tailed Beast sealed, things continued as normal. However, in the present day, peace ended when a group of ninja called the Akatsuki attack Konoha under the guidance of Tobi, the mysterious masked man behind Fox's rampage years ago who intends on executing his plan to rule the world by shrouding it in illusions. When the government puts all its rotten criminal eggs in one airborne basket, it's asking for trouble. Before you can say, "Pass the barf bag," the crooks control the plane, led by creepy Cyrus "The Virus" Grissom. Watching his every move is the just-released Cameron Poe, who'd rather reunite with his family. A group of complete strangers find themselves isolated by a wealthy madman on his island compound. They are forced into a horrifying gauntlet where they must survive a barrage of ever deadlier species of shark. Picture-processed photos from the artist-filmmaker's family. Faces are abstracted in a divisionistic manner. To most people math appears abstract, mysterious, complicated, inaccessible. But math is nothing but a different language to express the world... Minions Stuart, Kevin and Bob are recruited by Scarlet Overkill, a super-villain who, alongside her inventor husband Herb, hatches a plot to take over the world. Elsa, Anna, Kristoff and Olaf are going far in the forest to know the truth about an ancient mystery of their kingdom. Terror arrives at the one place we all feel safest in this taut psychological thriller starring Natasha Henstridge, Jason Patric and Scott Adkins. When a wealthy woman and her stepson are targeted by a trio of expert thieves in their remote mansion, her only form of help comes from a call with a security systems specialist. But as the intruders become increasingly hostile and the connection wavers, will she trust him to be her eyes and navigate her to safety? Chapman is an ex-marine in Brazil's slums, battling the yakuza outfit who attacked his sister and left her for dead. Chinese steampunk martial arts blockbuster about the early years of Tai chi master Yang Luchan, the man who founded in the 19th century what has now become the most popular Tai Chi style in the world. The second instalment of the "Tai Chi" trilogy continues the journey of Yang Luchan, a gifted child with a fleshy growth on his forehead who helped save a village from a frightening army of steampunk soldiers bearing strange machines with the knowledge of Tai Chi that they entrusted him with. Garden gnomes, Gnomeo & Juliet, recruit renown detective, Sherlock Gnomes, to investigate the mysterious disappearance of other garden ornaments. Three young Inuits set off in search of a promised land to save their clan from starvation. After moving into a boardinghouse, a young woman becomes the object of her lonely neighbor's obsessions. Exposing the dark underbelly of modern animal agriculture through drones, hidden & handheld cameras, the feature-length film explores the morality and validity of our dominion over the animal kingdom. While returning from a military expedition a helicopter crash lands a commando unit in a dense, remote tropical jungle - a lost world populated by dinosaurs. Now they must find a way out of this isolated valley before becoming prey for prehistoric predators. 16-year-old Cassie Sullivan tries to survive in a world devastated by the waves of an alien invasion that has already decimated the population and knocked mankind back to the Stone Age. Intrepid FBI agent Beck, assigned to solve the case of a multimillionaire couple's missing daughter. As clues begin to reveal themselves, Beck draws an explosive line connecting the kidnapper and the girl's mother -- and brings to light their dark, disturbing secret. Racing against the clock, the determined agent must discover the real reason for the abduction and save the child's life. A film crew tracks a group of researchers and their breakthrough disease research. While battling through the rain-forest, things turn deadly leaving them fighting to survive.  Forced to give up his land and home, Texas rancher Red Bovie isn't about to retire quietly in a dismal trailer park. Instead he hops in his Cadillac and hits the road with his estranged grandson for one last wild adventure filled with guns, women and booze. It's just another night in Old Mexico. A western occupation propaganda film in which a boy repairs a western style doll that comes to life and uses a magic pen to rebuild his bleak and war torn world into a happy place resembling western civilization. Richard Dacier owns a tour agency specialized on organizing safaris for European tourists eager to confront the African wild life. Actually, he took the job after his father and never went into the savanna by himself. As he owes big money to some mobster, he is compelled to convey a fake tourist, with a suspicious suitcase, toward Mozambic. To avoid suspicion from the authorities, he is supposed to tour a group of tourists as usual. The only problem - he is completely unexperienced as a guide! Based on the TV series the film follows DI Regan and DS Carter as they became embroiled in a deadly political scandal. One of the leading members of the government, Charles Baker (Ian Bannen) is about to secure a huge deal with OPEC stabilising the world oil market and boosting Britain's position within it. Baker is the rising star of government, regarded a future prime minister, who is closely controlled by his urbane, manipulative American press secretary Elliot McQueen (Barry Foster). When Regan investigates the mysterious death of a prostitute as a favour to one of his informants, he becomes aware that Baker and McQueen might be involved. A spate of killings follow - which sees Regan take on both the criminals and the hierarchy of the Metropolitan Police and British security services. Immediately after the events of The Desolation of Smaug, Bilbo and the dwarves try to defend Erebor's mountain of treasure from others who claim it: the men of the ruined Laketown and the elves of Mirkwood. Meanwhile an army of Orcs led by Azog the Defiler is marching on Erebor, fueled by the rise of the dark lord Sauron. Dwarves, elves and men must unite, and the hope for Middle-Earth falls into Bilbo's hands. A revolutionary film about the cinematic genius of North Korea's late Dear Leader Kim Jung-IL, with a groundbreaking experiment at its heart - a propaganda film, made according to the rules of his 1987 manifesto. Through the shared love of cinema, AIM HIGH IN CREATION! forges an astonishing new bond between the hidden filmmakers of North Korea and their Free World collaborators. Revealing an unexpected truth about the most isolated nation on earth: filmmakers, no matter where they live, are family. Two "down on their luck" buddies are convinced by a third to take a vacation. Only after landing in the third world country do they realize that they are there to attempt to capture the United States' most wanted criminal - with no military training. Two best friends, Red and Blue, risk everything to find the greatest treasure of all time. The Gamers: Hands of Fate follows Cass (Brian Lewis) as he sets out to win a collectible card game world championship... and a date with Natalie (Trin Miller), one of the game's top players.  Meanwhile in Countermay, a world far across time and space, Myriad (Samara Lerman) begins to suspect that fate has stacked the deck against her as she attempts to save her kingdom from a ravenous army of the undead.  Set at Gen Con Indy, a massive midwest games convention, this fantasy comedy from the makers of Dorkness Rising and JourneyQuest presents a new chapter in the epic, decade-spanning tale that began in The Gamers. A tense nonstop roller-coaster ride through the distorted mind of Sly Stone, a sadistic and brutal killer who distorts the scriptures to suit his own self serving madness. He's teamed up with a run-away drifter Annie Parker who bows to his every command... both for love and for fear of her own life. " I have the Bullets For Jesus " is Slys motto, and NO ONE is safe from his twisted pulpit. Lucky Express is a feature length documentary film that criss-crosses Indian Railways with the destitute children who have made the vast network their home as they share their astonishing life histories, hopes and dreams with fellow former 'platform child' turned filmmaker, Lucky, whose insider connection shapes the film's entire vision. Nick Malloy portrays an Emergency Medical Technician (EMT) who finds himself caught in a deadly 12-round game of cat and mouse with a vigilante tied to the paramedic's past. With little time to spare and his wife's life hanging in the balance, the EMT must figure out why he's been chosen to be the pawn in this maniac's game before it's too late. Great Patriotic War, 1945. After barely surviving a battle with a mysterious, ghostly-white German Tiger tank, Red Army Sergeant Ivan Naydenov becomes obsessed with its destruction. Story of the adventures of three young men from two of the world's metropolis, New State Trinity Capital and Karen village in Northern Thailand. To help save the world from disaster recovery due to global warming. The Ginger Ninjas rock band made a musical odyssey from Northern California down to the south of Mexico. They bicycle over thousands of miles, each carrying their belongings and musical instruments, and generate power for their concerts. What at first appears to be a quixotic mission to inspire society change turns quickly into a profound and inspiring story about a human journey that results in an inner quest-- if not changing the world, changing their own lives. Cast into a violent and bloody world of murder, Hereward, a novice monk, must deliver the Holy Gospel of Lindisfarne - a book of great beauty and power - to the safety of the Iona monastery, while being pursued by a Viking death squad hell- bent on its capture. On his way to the monastery, he meets a fierce and skilled swordsman who answers his prayers and dedicates his life to protecting Hereward while he delivers the book. In the midst of their journey, they are confronted by Vikings ready to kill in order to get what they want, leaving Hereward and his protector at their mercy. A young mother is plagued by a tragic mistake and alienates her little boy. A brilliant writer is released from prison after serving a 15-year sentence and begins working at Vic's Diner. Their stories converge when the man must overcome obstacles of the past to save the little boy and ultimately himself. Fifteen years have passed since the Martians' first failed invasion of Earth. The year is 1914, and at the eve of World War I, Mars launches a sudden and more devastating second attack. A small defense force, A.R.E.S., is Earth's only hope. The giant A.R.E.S. battle tripod GOLIATH is called up to war, and its young multinational crew must face their fears in their struggle to save Humanity from the alien invaders. Hailed as India's first stereoscopic animated film, 'Krishna Aur Kans' is an exciting narrative full of action and drama. The movie chronicles Krishna's early years -- from his birth as the nemesis of his tyrannical uncle Kans. In this pygmalionesque musical, a drab secretary leads a boring life until a good friend intervenes. The friend begins a total make-over upon her friend. First she slathers her in mud-packs, and then she encases her in lovely silk dresses. Soon the plain woman is transformed into an extraordinary beauty. It is no surprise that her boss, not knowing her true identity, falls hopelessly in love with her. Singing, dancing and romancing ensues. Songs include: "A Picture No Artist Can Paint," "You Gotta Be Modernistic," "I'm Telling the World About You," "Maybe Someday," and "Can I Help It." Stories of lesbian, gay and transgender youth intercut with music video style short films starring the young people. A year has passed since Menma's ghostly return to the Super Peace Busters. Although the time they spent together during that summer was short, the five members reminisce about what happened as they each write a letter to their lost friend. Picture a life in a box measuring just six square metres, without daylight or contact to fellow members of the species. For years forty chimpanzees from Sierra Leone were used illegally in experiments aimed at developing Aids and hepatitis vaccines. After fifteen years, the Austrian pharmaceutical company Immuno abandon these tests as inconclusive, and a resocialisation project for these infected primates begins. For their bicycle tour to Catmoor, the friends Julian, Dick and Anne, their cousin Georgina, called George, and her dog Timmy have long looked forward to. But the camping holiday in the countryside ends with the kidnapping of Dick, confuse the two underprivileged hoodlums with the same age millionaire's son Hardy. With sophistication and courage, the five friends take on his trail that leads from a mysterious traveling circus to the castle "Owls Nest" where the kidnappers force Dick to coax the clue to a giant emerald. Tutajos is an excellent student whose parents decide to reward his academic achievements with a vacation to the countryside. Robbed of his gadgets and easy city-lifestyle, Tutajos finds himself completely out of his element - until a goodhearted ranger named Matula teaches him how to get back to nature. As Tutajos' best friend Butyok joins him on his vacation, the two boys learn the joys of camping, hunting, and living off of the land. A retired explorer is convinced to take up one last expedition with an old friend, to chart the never-before-explored Fuerte Valley. But when the expedition leaders turn against them and kidnap their friends to take a treasure, they must race against time to stop them. On February 7th, 2003, renowned artists across multiple music genres and generations commandeered the stage at New York City's Radio City Music Hall to pay tribute to their common heritage and passion - the blues. Shared with thousands of fans in attendance, legendary performers from roots, rock, jazz and rap joined forces for a once-in-a-lifetime "Salute To The Blues" benefit concert whose proceeds went to musical education. A scientist working on an energy project discovers his family have undergone strange changes in their personalities, while a series of natural disasters are happening across the globe. He realises that his work has accidentally pushed the planet forward in time seven seconds - and the loss of those few moments has had devastating effects on the world and the human race. The story of the film is loosely based on a novel named 'Godavari Kathalu', written by BVS Rama Rao. The film is set in 1986, in Bangarappeta village near Rajahmundry. Malli (Aadhi) and Chitra (Lakshmi Manchu) is a newlywed couple who are forced to battle it out against a devastating flood of the River Godavari. They lose all hope of survival, so they decide to narrate the darkest moments of their lives to each other after they find a support to rest on. Tommy and Gary are criminals engaging in grand thefts in order to make ends meet. They are opportunists and have no fear. After a routine robbery goes awry, the friends are forced to put their criminal activity behind them. As Tommy's relationship flourishes with his new girlfriend Scarlet, his economic hardships become obvious. Scarlet soon proposes a notion that will make all their money troubles vanish - the heist of a half a million dollar painting. With just a short window of opportunity, Tommy and Gary design an ambitious plan, one that will ultimately determine their fate. As the devoutly single Don Johnston is dumped by his latest girlfriend, he receives an anonymous pink letter informing him that he has a son who may be looking for him. MOHAMMED TO MAYA is a documentary feature that examines the spiritual and emotional side of sex change through the story of a devout Muslim from India (Maya Jafer), who was persecuted by her orthodox Muslim family and religious community for deciding to undergo sexual reassignment surgery. Filmmaker Jeff Roy follows Maya to three countries (Thailand, United States, and India), along a difficult journey as she struggles to maintain her faith while fighting for personal liberation. The son of a retired astronaut competes to win a seat on the next space shuttle. Four close friends descend into the depths of a cave, looking for a lost treasure, ignoring that this will wake the fury of the Guardian the devourer, who will eat their souls until they destroy each other. The People and The Olive is an inspiring documentary about the daily struggles and joys of Palestinian olive farmers. When a group of American ultra-marathoners sets out to run 129 miles in 5 days across the West Bank they discover that in replanting uprooted olive trees they are planting hope and building cultural bridges. A paedophile returns to his hometown after 12 years in prison and attempts to start a new life. Willy Wonka meets "The Breakfast Club" at Christmas. When kids become so bratty and self-centered that Santa's elves go on strike, Santa, in desperation, must bring six unscrupulous youths to his boot camp to help save Christmas. Live Without a Net is a live concert video of Van Halen recorded in New Haven, Connecticut in 1986, and released the following year. It was of their performance on August 27, 1986 at New Haven's Veterans Memorial Coliseum. The 90-minute release removed a few songs from the full performance. While the band attempted to record the previous night, audio problems prevented it from being used, although some video footage from that night would later surface in music videos. The concerts were part of the 5150 Tour, supporting the album of the same name, Van Halen's first with lead singer Sammy Hagar. During the film Dawn of the Dead, the survivors in the shopping mall communicate with a lone man named Andy, who is on the top of a building across the street. This is the footage from Andy's last days. Jamie is a boorish, insensitive American twentysomething traveling in Chile, who somehow manages to create chaos at every turn. He and his friends are planning on taking a road trip north to experience a legendary shamanistic hallucinogen called the San Pedro cactus. In a fit of drunkenness at a wild party, Jamie invites an eccentric woman--a radical spirit named Crystal Fairy--to come along. A battle-weary ex-Special Forces Operative buys a ranch in remote American West to flee from the world, and encounters a strange series of trespassers, including a beautiful elf princess and a Native American mystic and Orcs. When the Orcs invade his property, John must give up his isolation to become a hero, before the Orcs unleash their dragon god on our world. Victor receives an unusual proposal, to carry 7 boxes of unknown content through the Market Number 4 but things get complicated along the way. Barney, Christmas and the rest of the team comes face-to-face with Conrad Stonebanks, who years ago co-founded The Expendables with Barney. Stonebanks subsequently became a ruthless arms trader and someone who Barney was forced to kill... or so he thought. Stonebanks, who eluded death once before, now is making it his mission to end The Expendables -- but Barney has other plans. Barney decides that he has to fight old blood with new blood, and brings in a new era of Expendables team members, recruiting individuals who are younger, faster and more tech-savvy. The latest mission becomes a clash of classic old-school style versus high-tech expertise in the Expendables' most personal battle yet. King Henry II of England has trouble with the Church. When the Archbishop of Canterbury dies, he has a brilliant idea. Rather than appoint another pious cleric loyal to Rome and the Church, he will appoint his old drinking and wenching buddy, Thomas Becket, technically a deacon of the church, to the post. Unfortunately, Becket takes the job seriously and provides abler opposition to Henry. When her boyfriend dumps Emily, a spontaneous woman in her 30s, she persuades her ultra-cautious mom to accompany her on a vacation to Ecuador. When these two very different women are trapped on this wild journey, their bond as mother and daughter is tested and strengthened while they attempt to navigate the jungle and escape. Bhutan is known as the last Himalayan Buddhist Kingdom and one of the happiest places on earth. 'Crossing Bhutan' tells the story of four veteran athletes and their journey to explore Bhutan's enigmatic policy of Gross National Happiness by making the first 485-mile, border-to-border crossing of this isolated kingdom entirely by foot and bike. Sree Hari Hara Sudhan Swami Ayyappan Movie is Fully 3D Animated Devotional Story of Lord Ayyappan. An inner-city boy joins a Boy Scout Troop and struggles to decide whether or not he should report a crime he witnessed. Kenny Wells, a modern-day prospector, hustler, and dreamer, is desperate for a lucky break. Left with few options, Wells teams up with an equally luckless geologist to execute a grandiose, last-ditch effort: to find gold deep in the uncharted jungle of Indonesia. Six blind Tibetan teenagers climb the Lhakpa-Ri peak of Mount Everest, led by seven-summit blind mountain-climber Erik Weihenmayer. Television producers and adventurers Josh Thomas and J.J. Kelley test their skills on an epic adventure down India's sacred River Ganges. Mathilde organizes the world's very first 'Miss Homeless' pageant. Fifteen women compete for the main prize: one year rent-free housing. 'Mathilde's Misses' uses the controversy of the election, to sketch a committed portrait of women at the edge of society. We follow three of the participants during 18 months, resulting in a dramatic story with the election as a backdrop. Bollywood 2015 Framed in the 1940s for the double murder of his wife and her lover, upstanding banker Andy Dufresne begins a new life at the Shawshank prison, where he puts his accounting skills to work for an amoral warden. During his long stretch in prison, Dufresne comes to be admired by the other inmates -- including an older prisoner named Red -- for his integrity and unquenchable sense of hope. What child has never dreamed of having a double, someone who would do all of the annoying things in his place? Seeing his reflection get out of the mirror into the real world, this dream comes true for the fearless boy Fernando. Odnanref, his double, presents himself as a solution to all his problems. Adaptation of a successful Brazilian novel written by Fernando Sabino. Zombies- everywhere! The film follows Kamala, a young woman from Chitkul village and her girl child Manya, who embarks on a journey leaving their native land in search for her missing husband. Along this journey she encounters Nawazudin, a free spirited army deserter who helps them to get to their destination with his own selfish motive. A flock of storks fly in the misty sky, all carrying white bundles. One of the bundles falls and a little girl called Juniper ends up in a strange world. This is the beginning of a wonderful, magical adventure as the girl tries to find out who she really is and where she came from. She finally meets an old troll called Rolli who tells the girl his own, eventful story. The girl and the troll become friends and together they encounter a dangerous threat against the fairytale woods. This is a universal tale of bravery and friendship that takes its audience through exciting plot twists, circus spotlights and the splendor of the fantastic forest. Though safely entombed in a crypt deep beneath the unforgiving desert, an ancient queen whose destiny was unjustly taken from her is awakened in our current day, bringing with her malevolence grown over millennia, and terrors that defy human comprehension. The adventure of a brave girl in the amazing animal land. Directed by Xu Kerr. Centuries of unchecked industrialization have left Earth unsuitable for supporting human life. Rather than trying to restore the ravaged planet, humanity has learned to embrace its changing environment. An alien scout lands on earth in the year 1854. The creature is searching for water and food. Once it finds what it needs, it will call in an invasion fleet. A lone cowboy must stand against the alien invader or all will be lost. Emily arrives in Miami with aspirations to become a professional dancer. She sparks with Sean, the leader of a dance crew whose neighborhood is threatened by Emily's father's development plans. In the working-class Paris suburb of Montreuil, Jimmy's restaurant, the Bombay Bar, is on the verge of being closed down by creditors. Jimmy is despondent -- the fact that his wife is about to have a baby isn't helping matters -- when he and his business partner Fifi find unlikely inspiration in the form of "Riches et Sympas," a TV show dedicated to the lives of the rich and famous. Figuring that getting the "right" people to frequent their business will ensure its reputation, Jimmy and Fifi persuade Jimmy's friend, the laid-back, unemployed Mike, to pose as a nobleman and lure his moneyed associates to the Bombay Bar. Mike agrees, and after crashing a posh charity ball, he finds himself being taken in by the likes of society fixture Arthus de Poulignac and Evrard, the latter of whom ensconces Mike in his private mansion. Unfortunately, Mike soon becomes a little too fond of his newly-acquired lifestyle, leaving Jimmy to wonder what to do with the monster he unwittingly created. The film tells the story of an eight meter long crocodile on the rampage in Hangzhou. Xiao befriends Amao, a 36 foot crocodile, who lives on his fathers croc sanctuary. Soon his father is forced to sell the crocodiles to a gangster who plans to use them for high priced meals. The story begins. The story of a town at the mercy of a landscape in transformation; standing on the brink of an encroaching reality, one in which the age-old fears of the inhabitants are being reproduced. A hamlet has survived, perched in a remote location where its children can grow up and the elderly can die and stay there. Grasp the Nettle follows the exploits of a ragtag band of land rights activists in London as they struggle against corporations, government, police - and themselves - in their efforts to create alternative communities outside the framework of consumer society. When an eco-village pops up on a piece of disused land in West London , film-maker Dean Puckett (The Crisis of Civilization) gives up everything - his flat, job and normal life - to live among its eclectic inhabitants in an effort to understand what makes them tick. Opil is a plump, 8-year-old boy. In a desperate attempt to stop him from wolfing down junk food, his mother serves him a special dish: the wish fish. But Opil takes it as a joke and wishes that mutant aliens come to Earth and take away all of the fish from the planet. The following day, the wish is fulfilled...and then some! While spending the summer at her grandmother's farm, a girl discovers a talent for communicating with horses and tries to tame a fierce stallion. It's a jungle out there for Blu, Jewel and their three kids after they're hurtled from Rio de Janeiro to the wilds of the Amazon. As Blu tries to fit in, he goes beak-to-beak with the vengeful Nigel, and meets the most fearsome adversary of all: his father-in-law. Twenty years ago Alan Ereira's influential television film From The Heart of the World: The Elder Brothers' Warning brought global attention to the Kogi people of Colombia, a remote and ancient South American civilization determined to caution us about environmental damage to the earth. Now, two decades later and convinced that their message has gone unheeded, the next generation of Kogi are reaching out to the world once more with a much more specific warning about the future of the planet. The Band of the Hawk participates in the Midland war campaign. On the bloody battlefield, they conquer decisive victories that lead them to Doldrey, an old fortress that will decide the outcome of the war. A year has passed since Guts parted ways with the Band of the Hawks. Meanwhile, his former mercenary group is plotting a rescue mission to save an imprisoned Griffith. Filling the giant screen with stunning time-lapse vistas of Antarctica, and detailing year-round life at McMurdo and Scott Base, Anthony Powell's documentary is a potent hymn to the icy continent and the heavens above. Status Quo play a series of shows in Fiji and become embroiled in a secret Russian Roulette ring lorded over by Jon Lovitz. Thor is imprisoned on the other side of the universe and finds himself in a race against time to get back to Asgard to stop Ragnarok, the destruction of his home-world and the end of Asgardian civilization, at the hands of an all-powerful new threat, the ruthless Hela. A one-month-journey of twin sisters from London back to their home, Bangkok, by train.  They traveled via the famous trans-Siberian route through many countries such as Germany, Russia, Mongolia and China, with many stories to tell.  Adapted from the successful novel, Dead in 5 Heartbeats, by Ralph "Sonny" Barger with Keith and Kent Zimmerman. The story follows the Infidelz MC's former President, Patch Kinkade, who has left his personal demons behind for the calm of desert life. When war erupts between his brothers he left behind and the rival Hooligans, Patch rides back into town to either make peace or do battle. A man can no longer tolerate injustice and corruption and he becomes a vigilante to fight for a better society. In a peaceful little clearing, the remains of a hastily abandoned picnic sparks a battle between two tribes of ants. A bold young ladybug finds himself caught in the middle. He befriends the leader of the black ants, Mandible, and helps him save the anthill from the assault of the terrible red ant warriors, led by the fearful Butor. A fantastic journey at ground level... Ba'al travels back in time and prevents the Stargate program from being started. SG-1 must somehow restore history. A book-smart teenager joins his school's wrestling team as a way to reunite his surviving family members, who split apart after the death of his father, a college wrestling legend, 10 years ago. Daniel Raim's documentary following the history of America's first cinematographers. Four female friends embark on a weekend camping expedition into the woods. Things go horribly awry when the quartet runs afoul of a group of wicked rich folks who enjoy hunting humans for sport. Will any of these ladies make it out of the forest alive? Documentary - In Tempting Fear, Sweden's soft-spoken Adventurer of the Year, Andreas Fransson, explores a place in which fear overhwelms all emotions, playing both friend and enemy in a pas de deux where death lies just one misstep away. -  Xavier de la Rue, Andreas Fransson, Felix Hentz The Dream Share Project is an inspirational documentary film that follows two recent college graduates on a road trip across America, as they explore how successful people have chased their dreams. The life story of Ogg, a male wolf living in the northern mountains of Israel.  When teenagers Rachel and Grace travel inside a super-powered rainbow to China, they disturb nature's balance. Using Rachel's connection to the energy of the rainbow and with help from their new friend Xiao Cheng, they must race against time to save the Earth. 1949, a French explorer goes on a solitary expedition in the Amazon forest. He leaves behind him a diary that reflects the meaning of Pure Life and his encounters but leaves the mystery of his own disappearance unsolved. Based on a true story. Zephyr, now known as Z, rides the seas with only one goal: Destroy all pirates and their dreams at becoming King of Pirates. When Luffy and his crew encounter him at sea, not only are they utterly defeated by the man with an arm made of Seastone, Nami, Robin, and Chopper are turned 10 years younger due to Z's minion Ain. Luffy is so determined to win against him that he does not even notice Z's master plan that could sacrifice thousands of lives. A spirited cancer survivor goes on a spontaneous search for 'The Berlin Patient' - the first man in the world actually cured of HIV. A cryptic message from Bond's past sends him on a trail to uncover a sinister organization. While M battles political forces to keep the secret service alive, Bond peels back the layers of deceit to reveal the terrible truth behind SPECTRE. The Untold Story of The Tragedy In Cyprus Venus came to find the truth about her parents' disappearance on her childhood home of Cyprus years ago. What begins as a personal journey starts a secret odyssey that will lead her closer and closer to unearthing Cyprus's tragic and hidden history. But in a land so deeply occupied divided, how far will Venus go for a country that is not her own? Despite his family's baffling generations-old ban on music, Miguel dreams of becoming an accomplished musician like his idol, Ernesto de la Cruz. Desperate to prove his talent, Miguel finds himself in the stunning and colorful Land of the Dead following a mysterious chain of events. Along the way, he meets charming trickster Hector, and together, they set off on an extraordinary journey to unlock the real story behind Miguel's family history. Action / Comedy - Five retired ex-military men attempt the unthinkable and dust off their old uniforms for one last explosive mission. The team quickly discovers that they are up against an enemy from their past. This time, The Dependables mission is personal. With guns blazing, the group puts their lives on the line to defeat their arch nemesis and save their grandchildren. Ethan and team take on their most impossible mission yet--eradicating 'The Syndicate', an International and highly-skilled rogue organisation committed to destroying the IMF. After getting a taste for blood as children, Hansel and Gretel have become the ultimate vigilantes, hell-bent on retribution. Now, unbeknownst to them, Hansel and Gretel have become the hunted, and must face an evil far greater than witches... their past. As two evil sisters prepare to conquer the land, two renegades--Eric the Huntsman, who aided Snow White in defeating Ravenna in Snowwhite and the Huntsman, and his forbidden lover, Sara--set out to stop them. Best Friends Forever (BFF) is the 16th year anniversary presentation of Star Cinema starring the Megastar Sharon Cuneta and the Comedy Queen Ai Ai delas Alas. Sharon and Ai Ai will be playing as best friends in this comedy film helmed by box-office director Wenn Deramas of Tanging Ina and Ang Tanging Ina N'yong Lahat. Three high school students search for a lost treasure in their hometown, only to be haunted by the ghosts that protect the lost fortune. After a small airplane crash lands in a remote area of Central China, several passengers survive, including a Chinese boy and his American guardian. As they wait to be rescued, they soon encounter the mysterious Yeren-- an elusive ape-man creature rumored to have inhabited the Shennongjia mountains for many centuries. When ruthless poachers arrive to capture the Yeren, our heroes must decide if the unique creature is their friend or foe. The Year is 1812. On the eve of the decisive battle of Borodino, Napoleon's secret agent steals a Russian battle plan. This fact is known to General Kutuzov (Head of Russian forces), thanks to a young nobleman Alexey Tarusov. Tarusov joint to the the regiment of Russian lancers, and finds new friends like Lieutenant Gorzhevsky, Prince Kiknadze and Sergeant Ptukha. After the terrible battle of Borodino, they fall into many unexpected adventures... A human child raised by wolves, must face off against a menacing tiger named Shere Khan, as well as his own origins. Wile E. Coyote suspends his chase with the Road Runner to explain to two young boys watching him on TV why he wants to catch the speedy bird. Based on the best-selling novel, A CHRISTMOOSE STORY brings to life the tale of an unlikely friendship between a young boy and a large, talking moose. Young Max has low expectations for his first Christmas after his parents' divorce, when suddenly a large moose crashes through the roof of his garage. And if that isn't strange enough, the moose claims to have fallen from Santa's sleigh! But being friends with a moose isn't all that simple. Especially since Max's grumpy neighbor has no interest in hanging stockings for Christmas but would love to hang up a pair of moose antlers, and Santa is out there somewhere looking to get his sleigh back! Filmmakers of "Pandas: The Journey Home" were granted unprecedented access to the Wolong Panda Center in China. Meet all of the pandas at the center as they get ready for their new lives in various parts of the world, and learn about their fascinating habits and personalities. A beautifully filmed documentary about the life and work of Ski Patrol at several Montana Ski Resorts and the Search and Rescue teams that respond to winter emergencies in the backcountry. A college music student turns to prostitution to make a little cash and look for inspiration, as she has blocked on a major musical composition that she must create in order to graduate. A catastrophic volcanic eruption releases ancient dragon-like creatures on the surrounding areas. Scientists believe this could start a chain reaction of volcanic eruptions giving way to a global Dragon Apocalypse. A coming of age story about a 16-year-old boy who finds himself searching for escape in the island of Puerto Rico after his mother leaves him and his sister with his grandparents in a surf town. His fascination with a hula hoop model leads him to steal his grandfather's car to meet the object of his affection in person. A vending machine robbery by small time thief and drug addict Bobbie (Vincent Kartheiser) goes badly awry, and his friends contact street-wise thief and part-time druggie Mel (James Woods) to patch him up.Recognizing a kindred spirit, Mel befriends Bobbie and his girlfriend Rosie (Natasha Gregson Wagner), inviting them to join him and his long-suffering girlfriend Sid (Melanie Griffith) on a drug robbery which should set them up for life. The seemingly simple robbery is a great success, but the sale of the drugs afterward fails badly, and Mel and Bobbie are shot.The four take refuge with the Reverend, who charges them half of their haul from the robbery to care for them. In a desperate attempt to recover their losses, Mel involves the crew in a disastrous, ill-advised jewellery robbery, and they become caught up in a web of violence that rapidly spirals out of control. When Tony Stark tries to jumpstart a dormant peacekeeping program, things go awry and Earth's Mightiest Heroes are put to the ultimate test as the fate of the planet hangs in the balance. As the villainous Ultron emerges, it is up to The Avengers to stop him from enacting his terrible plans, and soon uneasy alliances and unexpected action pave the way for an epic and unique global adventure. Malagasy Mankany is a colorful and entertaining dramedy-adventure set in Madagascar about three sociology students named Jimi, Bob and Dylan. When Jimi's father becomes suddenly ill and nears death in his home village, the three friends embark on a journey of a lifetime from the capital of Madagascar to the deep countryside to bring assistance to Jimi's family. On the road trip, the trio encounters off the wall characters that embody the spirit of the island of Madagascar. Their journey ends with each of them standing at the very edge of their future, which brings them not only face to face with their own fate but the fate of their country. King Henry II tests the loyalty and honor of his son Richard sending him to a secret castle known as the Knight's Martyr. There, the Prince must fight against adversaries representing the virtues of a knight. In this fully animated, all-new take on the Smurfs, a mysterious map sets Smurfette and her friends Brainy, Clumsy and Hefty on an exciting race through the Forbidden Forest leading to the discovery of the biggest secret in Smurf history. In its first 25 years only 10 people have finished The Barkley Marathons. Based on a historic prison escape, this cult like race tempts people from around the world to test their limits of physical and mental endurance in this documentary that contemplates the value of pain. Crowds is a feature documentary that records popular events of Uruguay where thousands of people gather spontaneously, called by faith, passion, celebration and memory. What happens when we set aside our individuality to act collectively? This documentary observes the passions that draw thousands of people close in order to join in a choral character. It discovers the crowd while it transgresses and experiences catharsis, while it seeks miracles and hopes; in continuous movement it splits and rejoins... until they dissipate and individuals re-emerge in their own solitude. A young boy named Roscoe finds a portal to another world where he is taught magic by an elder demon known as Dimwos. Dimwos raises the boy into manhood, revealing to him many secrets. This is an Amazon Studios test movie, a rough draft of a film. Charlie thought his biggest challenge was finding a job to support his family...until he stumbles upon a GPS device with the location of a priceless stolen artifact. Will Charlie's wild Hawaiian adventure to find this treasure with his family solve all his problems? We'd love your thoughts on this story. Let us know (and learn more about test movies) at Amazon.com/TestMovies. A fiction film made with fragments of reality. An historical documentary made by cogging fictional elements. This is the odyssey of those who dared dreaming and were devoured by their dreams. An adventure into the origins of cinema and utopias, an historical road movie. The K Effect recounts Maxime's passionate life during the 20th century: a century shaken by fascinating utopias that spawned cheerful dreams and dreadful nightmares. Lights and shadows. The great metaphor of cinema. A group of student activists travel from New York City to the Amazon to save the rainforest.  However, once they arrive in this vast green landscape, they soon discover that they are not alone... and that no good deed goes unpunished. Racial tensions rise in San Francisco when Charles Manson's cult returns to find that white people are the new oppressed race.  A new war is about to be started, but can somebody prevent that from happening? Legend knows him as an archer of unwavering focus, the soldier who fought a battle in his own heart before taking up arms against his enemy. This is the untold story of Arjun, hero of the Mahabharata. A precocious talent plunged from boyhood and innocence into a murky world of deceit and betrayal, coming of age to become the most powerful warrior of his time. From the dusty plains of Hastinapur to the icy peaks of the Himalayas, Arjun: The Warrior Prince is the story of a man discovering what it takes to be a hero. shaw production A common thief joins a mythical god on a quest through Egypt. Three converging story lines involving bootleggers, a serial killer and drug dealers are followed. A former drug dealer tries to go straight, but comes across a stash of stolen drugs. Meanwhile, a middle-aged suburban housewife hides a sadistic and vicious streak. Looking to mine for gold, greedy industrialist Bartholomew Bogue seizes control of the Old West town of Rose Creek. With their lives in jeopardy, Emma Cullen and other desperate residents turn to bounty hunter Sam Chisolm for help. Chisolm recruits an eclectic group of gunslingers to take on Bogue and his ruthless henchmen. With a deadly showdown on the horizon, the seven mercenaries soon find themselves fighting for more than just money once the bullets start to fly. A survivor of the Great Siege of Rochester Castle fights to save his clan from from Celtic raiders. A sequel to the 2011 film, "Ironclad." All paths inevitably end, whether we want them to or not. This is a tale about one particular path, followed by two particular people, but this is not a tale about romance, this is simply a film about beginnings and endings. Daniel and Eve are a young couple in crisis. The film follows their relationship in reverse from the end to the beginning, starting with a break up. Daniel - a level-headed, well-meaning slacker caught between his desire to make something of himself,and his student inclinations to have fun. Upon meeting Eve at a party, Daniel finds her attractive precisely because she possesses the traits he does not. As their various differences bring them together, they are forced to acknowledge their faults, many of which are reflected in the other. Mad doctor uses patients at his isolated psychiatric institute as subjects in his attempts to create longevity by surgically installing an artificial gland in their skulls, with disastrous results. Documents the lives of Break Dancers in Guatemala city affected by gangs  From rooftop farmers to backyard beekeepers, Americans are growing food like never before. Growing Cities goes coast to coast to tell the inspiring stories of intrepid urban farmers who are challenging the way this country feeds itself. Living Life or Waiting to Die is a comedy about everyday struggles we face and how we choose to deal with them. It comes down to two questions; are you living life to the max or are you letting life pass you by and simply waiting to die? Deep in the Nevada desert, thousands of people meet every summer at a incredible celebration called Burning Man. Here's an intimate glimpse into what 5 participants - known as Burners - discover about love, creativity, the environment, art...and reality. This documentary follows Torstein Horgmo during 2 years as a world famous professional snowboarder going about his anything but ordinary life. An unique film made by Tobias Froystad which gives a insight into highs, lows, victories and defeats of proffessional snowboarder Torstein Horgmo. An all-new Disney holiday classic is born - Santa Paws 2: The Santa Pups. Starring a brand-new litter of the cutest talking pups ever - Hope, Jingle, Charity, and Noble - it's perfect for the whole family. When Mrs. Claus travels to Pineville, the playful Santa Pups stow away on her sled. Taking mischief to a whole new level, they begin granting joyful wishes to Pineville's boys and girls, but something goes terribly wrong - the Christmas spirit begins to disappear. Now the Santa Pups and Mrs. Claus must race to save Christmas around the world. From the creators of Disney Buddies, this magical, heartwarming tale is brimming with hope, cheer, and Christmas spirit. Written by Paws The true story of Ian McCormack who grew up surfing the waters of New Zealand. Wanting to dive deeper, Ian sets out on a journey with his best friend that will change his life as they chase the perfect wave. Inspired by his outsider status, Raja sets out to make this film independently without the support or the substantial financial backing of the studio system. Two foreign producers (Raj Yerasi, Giulia Achilli) are so taken with the script and its potential to do well abroad that they agree to greenlight the production. Raja enlists a talented team of actors (Naseerruddin Shah, Arjun Mathur, Vijay Raaz) and a hardworking and seasoned film crew. Together, ready for anything, they set out into the streets of Bombay. Steve Wampler, a man with severe form of cerebral palsy ascends the biggest rock face in the world, El Captain in Yosemite National Park. 20,000 pull-ups, 5 nights 6 days on the sheer face of the mountain and, with only the use of one limb, this is a story of terror and triumph. Steve Wampler's story is a American feel-good tale which will leave the viewer inspired and happy. Water and its sources have historically been the key factor in the establishment of cities, of civilizations. 'Glacial Balance' is a contemplative documentary film showing the effects climate change is having on Andean glaciers and the lives of those who depend on them for survival. In the film, we travel along the spine of the Andes mountain range, from Colombia to Argentina, getting to know the lives of those who will be first affected by the dwindling glacier reserve, the 'canaries in the mine'; The locals' experiences and scientists working in a race against time. Brother and Sister, as it happens with children, have a hard time getting along. Then Granny gets involved, arriving on a scooter and twisting the green button on her vest, thus launching an unbelievable series of sandbox adventures. Can a mission to save a mob of brumbies in an inaccessible wilderness bring fiercely independent horseman and feral control National Parks Ranger to see the world through each other's eyes? 1780,  a group of slaves flee from a sugar cane hacienda. As they are pursued by Don Manuel Aguirre, obsessed landowner who has fixed his eyes on Azu, the beautiful slave with an ancestral destiny. The grandfather welcomes us into his blue grotto, there was still beautiful memories of childhood to tell Kirikou: the times when he helped the men and women of his village and elsewhere ... He tells us how Kirikou, thanks to his bravery and intelligence, came to the aid of the strong woman. He tells us by what trick the little hero found the grumpy old man, who had been lost in the bush, and how a cherry threatened by the witch was finally able to pass on his knowledge to the villagers. We also discover the secret of a mysterious blue monster, and finally through a flute linked to the family of our small and valiant heroes, the magical power of music. Ben, a 25-year-old with anxiety and OCD still living with his mom, awakes one morning to a proposition: go on an all-expenses-paid road trip to Salt Lake City in order to move his Great Uncle Harold out of a retirement home. When she suggests he bring his friend Richardson along, Ben hesitates... Nonetheless, he invites Richardson to join him on the journey. With a fanny pack fully stocked with hand sanitizer in tow, the two hit the road... Blood Riders is a blood soaked adventure comedy about 4 young friends who stumble upon a body after stealing a car. That discovery pushes the friends on a road trip around town during which they try get rid of the increasing amount of corpses. Along their wild ride the kids encounter neo-Nazis, punk artists, devil worshipers and a plan to resurrect Hitler. A former assassin tries to redeem himself by becoming a masked highwayman in Colonial America. 12-year-old Pelle accidentally gets bitten by an ant and develops unimaginable superpowers. With help from his friend, comic book nerd Wilhelm, Pelle creates a secret identity as the superhero Antboy. Slowly things start to happen in the surburban community, and when a scary and crazy supervillain, Flea, enters the scene, Antboy must step up to the challenge.  The first Danish superhero-movie. Based on the books by Kenneth Bogh Andersen. A sequel to the 2013 horror comedy. A magical adventure begins Once upon a time, within a vast and wild forest there was a fantastic Kingdom called Rodencia, a place where wonderful creatures and powerful wizards lived. It's the story of adventures and love of a small mouse called Edam, a clumsy magician's apprentice and the beautiful and confident mouse Brie, who will have to face many dangerous obstacles in order to obtain the power of the princess's tooth and defeat the troop of rats commanded by the evil Rotex who invades Rodencia (the peaceful kingdom of mice), in order to dominate them and take their treasure. In the middle of the forest; the magic of the light and the darkness, the love and resentment will face together. Edam and Rotex will fight and only one will leave victorious. When a colossal tectonic shift causes the sea level to start rising, a microbiologist gathers the DNA of as many species as she can, while the military creates an "ark" in a desperate attempt to preserve life on Earth. One Couch at a Time follows 'CouchSurfing evangelist' Alexandra Liss across 6 continents, 21 countries, CouchSurfing for 7 months in the first full-length feature ever to document the CouchSurfing movement and this emerging 'age of sharing' we are entering. This documentary explores a vivid and unmatched perspective to the existence of coffee in our daily lives. Expanding production to United States, Italy, India, Guatemala, Honduras and Nicaragua, the film takes coffee enthusiasts on a trip that will transcend their knowledge of the beverage and get them close to a human reality they haven't experienced before. While escaping from Nazis during the WWII, a Jewish man dug suitcases full of things dear to his heart in the ground two. The war deprived him of his family, and afterwards he endlessly turns over the soil of Antwerp to find the suitcases, which makes him look obsessed. He keeps checking old maps and keeps digging, trying to find, in fact, those he lost. His daughter Chaya is a beautiful modern girl looking for a part-time job. She finds a place as a nanny in the strictly observant Chassidic family with many children, although her secular manners clearly fly in the face of many commandments. One of the reasons she is accepted is that mother of the family is absolutely overburdened by the household, so she stays despite the resistance of the father, normally - an indisputable authority in the family. She develops a special bond with the youngest of the boys, four-year old Simcha, so far incapable of speaking. It's a hot summer day in 1933 in South Philly, where 12-year old Gennaro lives with his widowed mom and his ailing grandpa, who sits outside holding tight to his last quarter, which he's promised to Gennaro and which Gennaro would like to have to buy a ticket to the plush new movie theater. But grandpa's not ready to pass on the quarter or pass on to his final reward: he has some unfinished business with a woman from his past, and he enlists Gennaro to act as his emissary. An orphan who practices hypnosis faces off against a bank robber who wants her book on the art form.  Faraway worlds, so close. Fascinating nature shots take the audience on a journey into the lives of snails, captivating with their adventures of magical slowness and elegant grace. Audrey, a determined young American woman, arrives in the Philippines with a mysterious mission, little money, and no chance of success. But when she enlists the help of two friendly locals, Hazel and Rey, and an extremely unfriendly American expatriate, Nick, suddenly the possibility of success comes into view. All they have to do is cross 300 miles of roads, jungles, and ocean, ward off the attacks of a vicious local motorcycle gang, and keep themselves from killing each other. It's going to be a bumpy ride. A man must struggle to travel home for Thanksgiving, with an obnoxious slob of a shower ring salesman his only companion. An aspiring Hollywood actress working on her first feature--a no-budget horror flick oddly crewed by enthusiastic teenagers--and a cowboy on a mysterious job arrive in the small border town of Del Rio, Texas, each with their own very clear agenda. When the starlet's film director and the cowboy's associate both fail to appear, however, there's nothing to do but wait and see. Dusty Del Rio quickly becomes a strange way station where time seems to stand still and things are not what they seem. CIA special operations team Silent Echo is tasked with uncovering Turkmen President Dmytryk's invasion plans for Iran. Team member 'Grip' struggles to come to terms with guilt from the loss of his closest friend 'Shadow'. Snoopy embarks upon his greatest mission as he and his team take to the skies to pursue their arch-nemesis, while his best pal Charlie Brown begins his own epic quest. After a 20 year stay at an asylum for a double murder, a mother returns to her estranged daughter where suspicions arise about her behaviour. F. Scott Fitzgerald's novel is brought to life in this story of a movie producer slowly working himself to death. With the villagers of Saint-Elie-de-Caxton barely having enough food to survive, Esimesac convinces them to collaborate on a community garden. Each person will multiply his or her yield by cultivating the land together. At the same time, talk of a new railway line promises to connect Saint-Elie-de-Caxton to the rest of the world and brings the hope of abundance. Riopel, the hulking blacksmith, starts working on the railway track and convinces the locals to invest in his project rather than waste their time playing in the garden. Esimesac's big project flounders under the weight of metal. But can he really stop progress? HANGS UPON NOTHING documents the lives of surfers: Chuck Corbett who wandered his way to the remote atolls of Kiribati, brothers Mikala and Daniel Jones whose adventures take them to the far corners of the Indonesian archipelago, alongside a local crew of teenage surfers coming of age amongst the surf mecca of Bali. Their intertwined journeys are bound by an unending quest to find and ride perfect waves. Are tourists destroying the planet-or saving it? How do travelers change the remote places they visit, and how are they changed? From the Bolivian jungle to the party beaches of Thailand, and from the deserts of Timbuktu, Mali to the breathtaking beauty of Bhutan, GRINGO TRAILS traces stories over 30 years to show the dramatic long-term impact of tourism on cultures, economies, and the environment. Lost in Thailand is the story of two rival business managers, Xu (Xu Zheng) and Bo (Huang Bo), who are fighting over a revolutionary new in-house technology for control of their company. If Xu wins, his future will be secured. The critical task is to secure control over the shares of the chairman, who is at a retreat in Thailand. Xu catches the first plane to Bangkok, where he meets the happy-go-lucky Wang (Wang Baoqiang), an unexpected travel companion who will open his eyes to life's true priorities The film tracks legendary swimmer Diana Nyad's lifetime vision and four harrowing attempts to swim non-stop from Cuba to Florida. An abusive past collides with an obsessive present over a dangerous 60-hour feat never before accomplished. After weeks of traveling through Europe, the immature William finds himself in Copenhagen, the place of his father's birth. He befriends the youthful Effy, who works in William's hotel as part of an internship program, and they set off to find William's last living relative. Effy's mix of youthful exuberance and wisdom challenges William unlike any  woman ever has. As the attraction builds, he must come to grips with destabilizing elements of his family's sordid past. An unmarried 40-year-old woman turns to a turkey baster in order to become pregnant. Seven years later, she reunites with her best friend, who has been living with a secret: he replaced her preferred sperm sample with his own. Follows a couple through their completely different journeys in Thailand and simultaneously reveals their past in New York through flash backs. When Peru's Biggest Action Film Star and Jordan's newest rising talent find themselves pursued by a notorious Bookie, a couple of private investigators are forced to choose between their job and their conscience. Margaret Mead is the best known anthropologist of all time. How can her legacy guide a species that today faces unprecedented changes to its environment? THE ANTHROPOLOGIST is a follow up to the Sundance hit and Emmy nominee THE LINGUISTS. A highly driven law student eludes her entitled rival as she retraces the path of the underground railroad. 'Hijo de Trauco' is the story of Jaime; a 14-year-old skeptical young man who one day discovers that everything he knows about his father is a lie. Set in a world where superheroes are commonly known and accepted, young Will Stronghold, the son of the Commander and Jetstream, tries to find a balance between being a normal teenager and an extraordinary being. When reporter Rachel Armstrong writes a story that reveals the identity of a covert CIA operative, the government demands that Rachel reveal her source. She defies the special prosecutor and is thrown in jail. Meanwhile, her attorney, Albert Burnside argues her case all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court. Joselito is a shepherd who lives happily taking care of his sheep in the mountains. From time to time he goes down to the village where his parents live. His mother always expects him but his father is never there. When Joselito discovers the real reason for this absence (his father spends all the money the boy carries home in drinking) he decides to quit everything. Then he associates with Pepino a sympathetic rogue who believes that the voice of the shepherd is going to provide them a lot of money  Stranded after a tragic plane crash, two strangers must forge a connection to survive the extreme elements of a remote snow covered mountain. When they realize help is not coming, they embark on a perilous journey across the wilderness. Poor voice actors have a project that they have to finish dubbing in just one day. However, they are cramped in a tiny glass booth and tired of being treated like dirt by those above them. Unexpectedly, their story turns into one of heroes who adventure to space. When David accurately foretells the death of their teacher and says God told him, Lyle devises a plan to find out if God really exists. In a highly secured vault deep within the walls of Vatican City, the Catholic Church holds thousands of old films and video footage documenting exorcisms/supposed exorcisms and other unexplained religious phenomena they feel the world is not ready to see. This is the first tape - Case 83-G - stolen from these archives and exposed to the public by an anonymous source. Set after the events of Continental Drift, Scrat's epic pursuit of his elusive acorn catapults him outside of Earth, where he accidentally sets off a series of cosmic events that transform and threaten the planet. To save themselves from peril, Manny, Sid, Diego, and the rest of the herd leave their home and embark on a quest full of thrills and spills, highs and lows, laughter and adventure while traveling to exotic new lands and encountering a host of colorful new characters. The story of the daring romance Solovyov Sevastyanov G., ctupivshem by the call of blood on the path of the valiant Russian robbery. And while the security forces led by a secret agent trying to close H7 gang Nightingale the Robber, he, with his drive and mischief, restores fairness in my native land. But sooner or later every "Tale" comes to an end ... European Surf Journal is a great new surf film all about surfing in Europe. There are many rarely filmed locations. This film features the best waves and surfers from 10 European countries. Its world premiere was in Lisbon June 2012 receiving a standing ovation at the end of the screening before a packed cinema audience of 300 people.  Two friends discover the perfect beach at a remote Norwegian shore just above the Arctic Circle and decide to spend the winter here - surfing. Building a hut from driftwood and living on expired food only, the young men turn sustainable living into their own Robinson-adventure, keeping their calm even in the face of personal danger. The table read of Star Wars VII When a gay couple's impending wedding hits a snag, the grooms must rely on their friends and family to see them through. When an evil emperor executes their leader, his band of knights - bound by duty and honour - embarks on a journey of vengeance that will not come to an end until they've destroyed their mortal foe. 101-year-old Rose DeWitt Bukater tells the story of her life aboard the Titanic, 84 years later. A young Rose boards the ship with her mother and fiance. Meanwhile, Jack Dawson and Fabrizio De Rossi win third-class tickets aboard the ship. Rose tells the whole story from Titanic's departure through to its death--on its first and last voyage--on April 15, 1912. Escaping death, a Hebrew infant is raised in a royal household to become a prince. Upon discovery of his true heritage, Moses embarks on a personal quest to reclaim his destiny as the leader and liberator of the Hebrew people. Canyoneering is the sport of descending canyons by means of hiking, climbing, rappelling and swimming. Relatively obscure, the sport was brought to the mainstream in 2003 with the news of Aron Ralston who had severed his own arm while trapped in a canyon. Experiencing an overnight spike in popularity by the late 90s - a result of information appearing on the internet - the sport became inundated with thrill-seekers of all backgrounds and skill levels. Facing a new era of off-the-couch recreationalists, three influential participants, a canyoneering instructor, pioneer, and guidebook author each respond to a growing interest in the incredibly dangerous activity. Gorging employs the story of canyoneering to examine larger questions about the pursuit of thrills and the consequences that follow. On the verge of depression following the murder of his father, Cory, a nervous, guilt-ridden 12-year-old "altar boy", is coaxed by his adventurous best friend, Ben, to prove their manhood by embarking on their first overnight fishing trip out in the wild on the Mississippi Bayou's Wolf River; but their trip goes awry when the hapless "altar boys" become targets of a mob hit in progress by a cold-blooded assassin who is determined to collect on a gambling debt. At Betty Boop's Music School for Animals, Pudgy the dog doesn't do so well, but puppy love triumphs. Filmmaker Peter Brosnan digs up the set of the 1923 film 'The Ten Commandments', long buried in the sands of California's Central Coast. From T.C. Christensen, director of the sensational pioneer film, 17 Miracles, comes the heroic true story of a simple man who was called to do the work of angels. Ephraim's Rescue relates the story of Ephraim Hanks: a rescuer of the Martin Handcart company. Follow Ephraim as his adventures lead him to join the LDS Church and ultimately to one of the most heroic rescues in American history. With a unique desire to help and strengthen others, Ephraim learns that each choice we make can prepare us for what lies ahead. He discovers, through it all, that decisions determine destiny. They are the world's biggest rapids, thundering down the final pitch of the mighty Congo River. Legendary kayaker Steve Fisher and his elite expedition team battle seemingly insurmountable obstacles, navigate the maddening politics of a broken Central African country and face their own worst fears in an attempt to be the first explorers to survive the Inga Rapids. "Where the Trail Ends..." is a film following the worlds' top freeride mountain bikers as they search for un-ridden terrain around the globe, ultimately shaping the future of big mountain freeriding.  This unparalleled story documents man's challenge of mother nature and himself showcased through a cast of colorful characters. This is the most progressive and ambitious mountain biking ever attempted resulting in an entertainment adventure unlike anything experienced before. While she fights a heroic battle against the Spanish besieger with her female army, Kenau, driven by hate and sorrow of the execution of her youngest daughter, is threatened to also lose her eldest daughter, because her fear and pain are covered by her stubborn closeness. An inexplicable archeological find leads Dr. Peter Kenner to conclude that we are not alone, aliens have visited the Earth in the distant past and have now returned. Struggling to reconcile the evidence with his once held religious views, Peter turns to his uncle, Josh Sanders, a retired scientist and a man of strong Christian faith. Meanwhile, Sarah Pennington seeks protection for her young daughter, Kara, believing the extraterrestrials are bent on abducting the gifted nine-year-old as they did Sarah's husband three years earlier. When the four are brought together by Ethan, a mysterious stranger, Peter and Sarah wrestle with their own beliefs as Josh seeks to convince them of the truth. It becomes clear that Kara has a very special gift-one that can expose the true nature of the extraterrestrials. In 2009, Sprague Theobald and his family set sail for the infamous Northwest Passage, the Arctic sea route connecting the Atlantic to the Pacific oceans. Since 1906 a staggering number have died trying. From Newport, RI, through the Arctic, down to Seattle, it would be a five month, 8500 mile trek filled with deadly danger from ice, predators, personal conflict and severe weather. Reuniting his children and stepchildren after a divorce fifteen years earlier, the family embarked with untold hurts, and unspoken mistrusts. Mother Nature's fury, and personality clashes threatened to tear the crew apart. The Other Side of the Ice a film of survival, adventure and ultimately redemption. Stranded after a tragic plane crash, two strangers must forge a connection to survive the extreme elements of a remote snow covered mountain. When they realize help is not coming, they embark on a perilous journey across the wilderness. A young man meets a 23-year-old cancer patient on the way to the park and disrupts her plan to commit suicide. When an energy experiment goes haywire, a rash of massive hurricanes rips across North America. A high school science teacher must get his family to safety before the hurricanes merge, creating a "hypercane" with the power to wipe the US off the map. Using breakthrough flesh-regeneration technology, a biotech firm creates a set of living dinosaurs. But when the creatures escape their museum exhibit and terrorize Los Angeles, a former firefighter must rescue his teenage daughter from the chaos brought on by the Age of Dinosaurs The epic myth of the Minotaur brought to life through computer animation. A very interesting thriller about the coming of age of a troubled young man searching his place in this world.  Teenage boy Jonathan (Fabien de Marchi) is having a hard time living with his father and stepmother. On a whim, he steals some money and embarks on a journey of forbidden pleasures.  He spends the night in abandoned building and wakes up bound and is held prisoner by Antoine (Johan Libereau), a young drug dealer wanted by the police. The two boys forge an ambiguous relationship between violence, compassion and fascination. Victim, Jonathan ends up taking a liking to his tormentor. Discover the magic of making films An aging Irish businessman, an aspiring Australian actress, a retired American baseball player and a widowed British bodyguard attempt to complete the four most difficult ultra marathon races on Earth-- a goal previously only attempted by professional athletes. The four races bring them to the world's most picturesque and brutal deserts in Chile, China, Egypt and Antarctica, where they will push their bodies, minds and spirits to their limits. Desert Runners chronicles the intense, year-long journey of these dedicated runners and the many obstacles that they face - both expected and unexpected,external and internal - and provides an intimate view into the complex ways human beings deal with heartbreak and triumph. Rey develops her newly discovered abilities with the guidance of Luke Skywalker, who is unsettled by the strength of her powers. Meanwhile, the Resistance prepares to do battle with the First Order. The story begins with the establishment of the three different worlds apart, bound to meet for an adventure like no other. The humble family-oriented story of Enteng Kabisote, a low-profile technician married to the beautiful fairy princesss of Encantasia, Faye; The battles of the Agimat, the brave village Warrior Hero of Amuleto; and the high tech-yuppie Kingdom of Diwatara ruled by Princess Angelina Kalinisan-Orteza, also known in the world as "AKO" where she leads an environmental advocacy organization. A grand and adventurous journey of discovery to the last white areas of the world map. But no matter how far we go and how hard we try to find answers, we ultimately meet ourselves and our own transience. Assigned to protect a small town in Vietnam, Dao arrives to fight against the crime boss; but soon his past catches up with him, threatening to destroy the cherished village. Madame Rosa lives in a sixth-floor walkup in the Pigalle; she's a retired prostitute, Jewish and an Auschwitz survivor, a foster mom to children of other prostitutes. Momo is the oldest and her favorite, an Algerian lad whom she raises as a Muslim. He asks about his parents; she answers evasively. As she ages and takes fewer children, Momo must do more for her; as money is tight, he tries to earn pennies on the street with a puppet. He's a beautiful man-child, and Madame Rosa makes him promise never to sell himself or become a pimp. A film editor, Nadine, befriends him, and his father appears as well. Madame Rosa reaches her last days in fear of hospitals, and Momo must act. Adolescents from Northern and Francophone Africa leave their tiny villages, temporarily or for good, and land on French territory. Called 'suitcase children,' they are thrown into often unstable families. They are still minors, and the French educational system is required to accept them -- even if they're in the country illegally. They must be brought up to speed before being integrated into general or specific areas of study. This is a year where they must find their bearings, adapt to French culture and determine what their future will be. When an attack on the Kingsman headquarters takes place and a new villain rises, Eggsy and Merlin are forced to work together with the American agency known as the Statesman to save the world. Armed with nothing but their curiosity and a camera, playful couple Sarah and Greg travel through America for 60 days -- relying on the kindness of strangers for a home each night. Their fate-driven blueprint takes them through the five towns in the country called Bear, exploring thirty states, meeting hundreds of fascinating people, and testing what it means to be kind in America today. Drew is a nerdy teacher that can't even control the students in her classroom. When threatened by the classroom bully, Drew does what she knows best... back down. Not even words of wisdom from the principal can muster a show of strength from a wimp who seems destined for a second-rate life. And this is before the zombie apocalypse. With populations being overrun by the rapidly spreading plague of zombies, Drew flees to the sanctuary of the country where she is quickly overcome by a lack of survival skills, the relentless Texas heat and, of course, zombies. But Drew must learn that that running from her problems is much like running from zombies. They find you. They always find you. Along her odyssey, Drew encounters a cast of characters that both help and hamper her path to finding the strength within herself that will make or break her ability to survive these terrible new times of unending death... and her annoying new companions. On the run after accidentally shipping nuclear fusion triggers to Malawi, two AWOL soldiers are mistaken as war heroes and dragged into the politics of a small town. This is how the US Marine Corps turns raw recruits into certified members of world's most lethal fighting machine.  A film about fireworks, the people who make them and the cultures behind them across the globe. After freak climate and weather events destroy the world around them, a group of rogue scientists attempt to reverse the deadly new ice age. Shake, Rattle and Roll 14 : The Invasion is a 2012 science fiction horror film directed by Chito S. Rono. The film stars an ensemble casts including Janice de Belen, Herbert Bautista, Dennis Trillo, Lovi Poe, Paulo Avelino, Martin Escudero and Vhong Navarro.  The film was produced by Regal Entertainment, Inc. The film is an official entry in the Metro Manila Film Festival and the film's scheduled release is on December 25, 2012 in Philippine Cinemas nationwide. This fourteenth installment also serves as the Most Independent throughout the entire series for its sole director, Chito S. Rono.  This Installment features the comeback of Janice de Belen and Herbert Bautista which both starred in past Shake, Rattle and Roll installments, especially Shake, Rattle and Roll I which included both of them but in different episodes. A young woman, Aliya, catches the lustful eyes of several powerful men and is thrust against her will into a vast criminal ocean. As passion, violence, and turmoil swirl around her, she finds herself on the brink of death, and only her true love can rescue her. A commercial. Four men sit in animated conversation in front of a billboard for Admiral Cigarettes. The billboard fills the entire background The movie features Ash and his two friends Iris and Cilan, as they help a Keldeo battle against a powerful Dragon-type Pokemon named Kyurem as his test to become a Sacred Swordsman. Sandip Ray's next where 4 ghost stories are spun together in a comical twist surrounding unusual events.The film is a collection of four short films based on four Bengali short stories- Sharadindu Bandyopadhyay's - Bhut Bhabishyat, Satyajit Ray's- Brown Saheber Bari, Anath Babur Bhoy and Lucknow-er Duel. The quest to find the Paddle Pop gems continues... More than 50 years ago, deaf Scotsman James Duthie cycled from his fishing village to the Arctic cycle. Together with deaf actor / filmmaker Samuel Dore, Matt Hulse set out on the long journey through northern Europe to adapt this story into his first feature film. Hulse mixes fictional and documentary elements into a virtuoso blend: unusual people in fictional Super 8-films, playful animated sequences and archive footage of the era in the countries traversed. Where God Likes to Be focuses on three young protagonists full of hope and promise - Andi Running Wolf, Edward Tailfeathers, and Douglas Fitzgerald - following them over the course of a summer that marks a turning point in all of their lives. Each grapples with whether to leave, pursuing opportunities far from home, or stay behind with friends and family potentially struggling with limited opportunity and marginalization. A picture emerges of the reservation as a cherished home that nurtures identity. 14-year-old Laura Dekker sets out on a two-year voyage in pursuit of her dream to become the youngest person ever to sail around the world alone. Street art, creativity and revolution collide in this beautifully shot film about art's ability to create change. The story opens on the politically charged Thailand/Burma border at the first school teaching street art as a form of non-violent struggle. The film follows two young girls (Romi &amp; Yi-Yi) who have escaped 50 years of civil war in Burma to pursue an arts education in Thailand. Under the threat of imprisonment and torture, the girls use spray paint and stencils to create images in public spaces to let people know the truth behind Burma's transition toward "artificial democracy." Eighty-two hundred miles away, artist Shepard Fairey is painting a 30' mural of a Burmese monk for the same reasons and in support of the students' struggle in Burma. As these stories are inter-cut, the film connects these seemingly unrelated characters around the concept of using art as a weapon for change. Romy and Peewee are teenage orphans in the Philippines with an unusual job; they loot the cemeteries and steal precious belongings left for the dead. The townspeople are fed up with their disrespect for the dead that a hefty reward awaits for their capture. Desperate to flee the town, the sail to a desolated island only to encounter a greater foe - THE UNDEAD, victims of contagious alien virus that were unleashed from an ancient meteorite discovered by the obsessed American Scientist named William Seabrook. Trapped on an island and left with nothing to defend themselves, the grave bandits must use their wits to battle the swarm of flesh eating ghouls! It has been ten years since The Battle of the Breach and the oceans are still, but restless. Vindicated by the victory at the Breach, the Jaeger program has evolved into the most powerful global defense force in human history. The PPDC now calls upon the best and brightest to rise up and become the next generation of heroes when the Kaiju threat returns. An old hot rodder; his woman and the muscle car that comes between them - a 1968 Mustang; the demon ride of his wild youth; that against all odds he plans to restore and race as a tribute to the legendary Carroll Shelby. Malta, the late 1300s. Five soldiers are returning home from battle. Hungry and exhausted, they stumble upon a fort. What was meant to be a one-night stopover rapidly escalades into a whirlwind of intrigue and an epic sword fight for retribution. Will a beautiful woman change their destiny? Or are they doomed to die in their ever quest to protect their land against invaders? In the sequel to Tim Burton's "Alice in Wonderland", Alice Kingsleigh returns to Underland and faces a new adventure in saving the Mad Hatter. 17 riders with avarage age 81 decide to follow the dream of their youth and start their journey to ride around Taiwan island. Some Must Watch While Some Must Sleep is a hypnotic and oneiric cinematic poem composed from footage Michael Higgins shot on the road across Alberta and BC, Canada. Photographed on Super 8mm and using hand-processed film techniques to create an unworldly zone between sleep and wakefulness, it looks at three characters and the film's material that connects them.  It is a film that invites the viewer to sleep with the film's protagonists, to drift across into the dream world of the film's material and lose touch with their current surroundings. A movie about a dysfunctional family of vampires and witches, it is mostly focused on the two children who are hybrids. On a journey to witness the final performance of a mythical musician thought long dead, a group of misfits navigate the barren terrain of a dystopian future, while constantly connected to the nihilistic DJ of radio station FNTN / Fonotune. Influenced by Japanese cinema, graphic design and Manga Comics, Fonotune: An Electric Fairytale is a film about strange encounters, lost connections and, maybe, the end of the world! Kirill and Gulnara are looking for the legendary treasure of Ivan Grozny... Maybe they will find it, maybe not - but they will definitely find each other. A man travels back in time to fight slavery. Found inside a shining stalk of bamboo by an old bamboo cutter and his wife, a tiny girl grows rapidly into an exquisite young lady. The mysterious young princess enthralls all who encounter her - but ultimately she must confront her fate, the punishment for her crime. After five years of Boondockers snowmobile videos you might say they are lucky to be alive, and They are not talking about the crashes and wrecks. Boondocking has come to mean more than just mind-numbing powder days, adrenaline-pumping drops, and technical climbsits a lifestyle where dedication and hard work provide the ultimate payout. Just like you weve spent our winters tracking every minute of every day. Riding till your heart screams, digging till your lungs burn, and pushing the limits of endurance, we guess you could say they have been living in dog years. This is the best Boondockers to date: an anniversary tribute to an endless winter of deep powder, unexplored terrain, and the unforgettable footage that tells the story. Lucky to be alive? A story about a mostly normal young man who makes the most out of fitting in when he obviously doesn't. This documentary features extraordinary people whose passion for wine led them to create another career as a vintner, including: David Coverdale, lead singer of Whitesnake and Deep Purple Dick Vermeil, coach of the Philadelphia Eagles, St. Louis Rams, and Kansas City Chiefs Tamara Mowry-Housley, star of "Sister, Sister" and "Tia and Tamera" Bob the Steer, former slaughterhouse steer Jonathan Cain, songwriter and keyboardist of Journey Carmen Policy, president of the San Francisco 49ers- Just to name a few! Apprentice Lapitch, the little shoemaker sets off on a journey after experiencing injustice from the cruel Master Mrkonja. On his journey he meets Gita, a beautiful little circus girl who is an orphan just like him. They share adventures and experience problems during their journey. They have nowhere to sleep, no food and are poorly clothed, but nothing scares them. They are bold and happy, willing to help everyone. On the night of the full moon something terrible happens, and changes everything... An illegal immigrant and a carrier who is on the run in a world alien from her. An exposure to the parallel world that exists in developed countries. A week in the life of a human being trafficked. The nephew of Tenzing Norgay, Nawang Gombu was the youngest Sherpa climber on the 1953 Everest expedition carrying supplies above 25000 feet. He went on to become the first man in the world to summit Mt. Everest twice. He stood on the highest point on the planet with Jim Whittaker on the American expedition in 1963 and again on the first successful Indian expedition in 1965. But 'firsts' are only a small part of what makes this man's story extraordinary. A deeply spiritual man all his life, he helped his family and others achieve what had been so hard for him to accomplish. Standing on the shoulders of his famous uncle, he helped lift the status of Sherpas to that of world-class climbers. Lockhart: Unleashing the Talisman  Disneynature Predator and Prey showcases the unending battle for survival that exists in nature. Students will journey on land and under sea for a riveting look at many species - from caribou and cheetahs to sea lions and sharks - as they both stalk their prey and also avoid being stalked themselves. From the amazing variety of adaptations that both predators and prey are equipped with to avoid capture, to the natural order of a food chain, this Classroom Edition DVD highlights the important role predation plays in keeping an animal's world in balance. Iwan mistakens as his cousin, a princess on the run from assassins from virtual world. Whilst sending the princess back to her world, Iwan and his friends are pulled into the virtual world too. To get back to their own world, they have to select 3 challenges, one of which is football - to them it is Bola Kampung. However, they find to their horror that football in the virtual world is played against giant robots. MUNICH IN INDIA tells about the German painter Fritz-Munich. As the Nazis seized power in Germany he was traveling through colonial India between 1932 and 1937, and became the only German court painter of the Maharajas. Konstantin Fritz, the artist's grandson, searches for clues of his grandfather's paintings and of his fairytale adventures. Accompanied by Fritz-Munich's unique historical 16mm film shoots and diaries, the grandson follows the former travels of his grandfather through India today. MUNICH IN INDIA is the story of an unknown but nevertheless extraordinary artist. It tells about his adventures, about German and Indian history and simultaneously gets an insight into contemporary India. An encounter with some new friends encourages Wilbur Sargunaraj, an ordinary Indian to take a chance on his own dreams. He and his friends find beauty in seemingly unlikely places and discover that the common can be extraordinary. Trixie and Monkey will stop at nothing to take their innovative circus-burlesque act to new creative heights. In pursuit of their dream, they relocate from Baltimore to New England to study acrobatics and trapeze. On the weekends they travel relentlessly to test-drive their act on stages as varied as Baltimore rock clubs, Vegas casinos, New York City theaters and beyond. Financial uncertainty, physical exhaustion and romantic tension are always looming; leaving them to wonder will they make it as artists, what success even means and will their love survive? Two brothers and their sister discover a world beyond imagination and the magic within them after the disappearance of their mother. An apocalyptic female buddy movie. Two years ago zombies took over the earth. Weimar and Jena are the last places of human civilisation. Vivi and Eva have to fight the undead together, as well as the demons of their past. A young man travels back in time, finding himself entrenched in the Civil War with an army of Frankensteins. Bruno and Mirella get married in 1989 and live in the little town of Piombino seems to be a bed of roses. After a while Bruno gets the sack, while Brunella takes up with a local tv idol, Gerry Fumo. When she realizes that Bruno can't stand being on the dole, she repents and wants to leave Gerry. It is too late: Bruno has found out everything and asks her to leave. After a while they take up another time, but they soon realize that their love story has ended. Mirella goes back to her parents' house and begins to work in a kindergarten, while Bruno finds a job at the local beach. The two begin to exchange a tender correspondence. How do 1.1 billion people around the world live on less than one dollar a day? Four young friends set out to research and live this reality. Armed with only a video camera and a desire to understand, they spend just 56 dollars each for 56 days in rural Pena Blanca, Guatemala. They battle E.Coli, financial stress, and the realization that there are no easy answers. Yet, the generosity and strength of their neighbors, Rosa, Anthony and Chino gives them resilient hope. They return home transformed and embark on a mission to share their new found understanding with other students, inspiring and challenging their generation to make a difference. Vickie, short for Victoria, is crowned Queen of England and as such needs to learn the responsibilities of her new post. Action - Cold Dark Mirror follows a young Witch-Hunter, Lydia, who stumbles upon the dark secret of the Unseen World; a shadow world of dreams and nightmares which lies just beyond the mirror's edge. A dark and ancient power, the Time Shadow, seeks entry into the corporeal world, a power some on the Alchemic Council are in league with, and whose existence they seek to keep secret above all else. Together with her Cat Familiar Callista, Lydia must face the Shadow Council, and avenge the death of her mentor, the Maegis Acheron -  Sandra DaCosta, Caleigh Le Grand, Daniel Wyse Two young women on the lam for a murder they didn't commit become lovers, and Detroit's Most Wanted. Dan wakes up on a beach with no memory. He discovers an empty city ravaged by a deadly virus. After befriending a small group of survivors it soon becomes clear the army are hunting him down, and the group are forced on a dangerous journey to escape. Two brothers fed up with daily life, quit their blue-collar jobs and with a single-minded determination head off to the paradise promise of Key West! But pool sharks, mermaids, tourist traps, and feisty alligators are just a few of the surprises that threaten to derail their not-so-well made plans. On the outskirts of the Civil War, a boy is sent north by a bounty hunter gang to retrieve a wanted man. Grain Media and Burn Energy Drink tell the story of snowboarding through the eyes of the people who made it happen. From its origins in the culturally shifting 1960s, to its boom in the 90s, to its acceptance as a mainstream sport, snowboarding has had a roller coaster history. A fully immersive archive film narrated by Jason Lee and a cast of dozens of snowboarders, We Ride: The Story of Snowboarding is the first feature film to tell the story of how this outsiders' sport became huge. All The Wild Horses documents the Mongol Derby horse race, the longest and toughest horse race in the world, and easily the most epic and dangerous, as it leads through 650 miles of Mongolian steppe, desert and mountain ranges. Family of witches turn a mean orphaned girl into a cat to teach her a lesson. Dusty's Trail is an inspirational documentary about a young man's journey with Duchenne muscular dystrophy, a fatal and debilitating muscle wasting condition that affects one in 3,500 boys worldwide. The story tells about people coming together from around the world to climb a mountain in Borneo for charity to raise awareness for Duchenne. Dusty's Trail celebrates life through ties that bind all humanity. It's about the power of creating a positive, happy, fulfilling and inspiring life when the odds seem against it. Filmed in Borneo and California, the documentary is based on interviews with doctors, researchers, parents, friends and people who have been inspired by Dusty's life, some with whom he has never met, and others who share the same path. Judah Ben-Hur, a Palestinian Jew, is battling the Roman empire at the time of Christ. His actions send him and his family into slavery, but an inspirational encounter with Jesus changes everything. He finally meets his rival in a justly famous chariot race and rescues his suffering family. For centuries, the Lost Girls have lived in the shadows keeping the world safe from vampires and other creatures of the night. Since 1466, these women have been written about in history as men because no one would believe how skilled they were at violence. Unknown to most of their prey, the Lost Girls are far from human. They are mysteriously immortal -- but not invincible. When their leader, Gracie, begins dying, that balance is thrown into jeopardy and the Lost Girls must stop an erupting vampire revolution, race to find a cure and conquer their own personal demons before it is too late. Eight Summits follows the oldest American to ever summit Mt. Everest and the 7 Summits, as he heads back to this great mountain to attempt the first ever 'Double Summit'. Climbing first from the South side of Everest (Nepal) then heads to the North side (Tibet) in a record setting climb, at the age of 70! The President wants a military/scientist named Micheal W. Logan dead, after he discovers the Gateway Arch in St. Louis is actually a portal to the Planet X. When Earth is attacked by a hostile alien force, a small town firefighter and a rogue SETI scientist team up to activate the only technology capable of defeating the invaders. A hunter stalks a killer elephant. A woman with no feelings tries an unusual therapy to reverse her condition. Salma is not happy with her husband Jamal due to his drug addiction. Zaryaab tries to keep Jamal in this habit because he set some goals for himself. Zaryaab cannot achieve his goals without the help of Saieen. Jamal cross all the limits to get drugs regularly. In a post-apocalyptic landscape, an ex-soldier wanders in search of his lost home and family. Along the way, he joins a makeshift group of survivors who convince him to lead them through the wasteland. But when a band of pillaging raiders comes after them, they must fight to survive in this cruel dystopia. THE HIT GIRL tells the story of a hit man named Bill, who while on a mission encounters a magical statue that transforms him into a teenage girl. Renamed Jessica by his timid, movie quoting niece Suzy, 'she' must now rely on Suzy's help in dealing with both the problems that come with being a teenage girl, and completing 'her' latest assignment. A job made that much more difficult now that Jessica stands at 4'11" and weighs under a hundred pounds. How will she be able survive a gang of armed gunmen, when she now finds herself being easily bullied by a group of catty teenage girls? Will Bill ever get his life back or will 'she' be stuck as Jessica forever? A story of lost love, young love, a legendary sword and one last opportunity at redemption. The USS Enterprise crew explores the furthest reaches of uncharted space, where they encounter a mysterious new enemy who puts them and everything the Federation stands for to the test. Award-winning director Yoav Shamir (Defamation, Checkpoint) sets out on an entertaining and insightful international quest, exploring the notion of heroism through a multi-faceted lens. From ordinary heroes to freedom fighters, primates to humans, behavioral scientists to geneticists, even Ayn Rand to Raelians, Shamir leaves no stone unturned, and along the way unveils the fundamental truths of human nature. In the nuclear ravaged wasteland of Earth 2087 water is as precious as life itself. The isolated Lost Wells outpost survived the holocaust and the inhabitants guard the source of their existence. Now an evil cult of renegades want control of their valuable water supply. And the villagers are no match for such brute military force. Only one man can help the stricken community - a mercenary living in a distance cannibal city. But even he, and his strange henchmen, may not be able to survive in the world gone wild. Nils lives with his parents in the south of Sweden. He is a naughty boy and teases like the animals on the farm. They should not have him and be happy if he is bewitched one day with his hamster Crumb for punishment by a gnome. Captain Sabertooths world sets the stage for stormy and magnificent adventures, in which the children demonstrate courage, shrewdness and vigour in their battle against evil. The audience will enter the pirate vessel The Black Lady and join the youngster Tiny and his girl friend Raven on an adventurous voyage from the pirate alleys in Abra Harbour to the colourful and exotic Lama Rama. Together with Captain Sabertooth and his crew, they brave towering waves and travel through deep jungles in their search for King Rufus fabled treasure. The film is a thrilling story, in which we follow a young boy in tireless search for the truth about his missing father. This voyage evolves into an adventure which will change Tinys life forever. Captain Sabertooth and the Lama Rama Treasure will be a magnificent and humorous live action feature film for the whole family. What makes a family a family, and how do animal families differ from our own? These engaging and educational episodes from the "Animal Atlas" series examine the similarities and differences among families of wild animals all over the globe. From a chimpanzee family headed by a single male to elephant herds governed by females and the intricate protocols of a prairie dog town, the wild kingdom is brought to your home in a kid-friendly atmosphere. Space Pirate Captain Harlock and his fearless crew face off against the space invaders who seek to conquer the planet Earth. Documentary - In July 2011, six Los Angeles firefighters set out to bicycle 3,300 miles in 45 days across America to honor those lost ten years earlier, on September 11th 2001. Old friends and complete strangers join together, making a choice to sacrifice what they can, to put themselves through extreme physical exertion, and to make sure that they never forget what was lost. -  Scott Hambly, Jorge Ostovsky, James Prabhu The River Twice is a feature documentary about a group of friends that build Huck Finn inspired junk rafts and set out for a month long trip along the Susquehanna River. But the river winds deep into the heart of Pennsylvania's natural gas industry, and soon they are confronted with the impact this largely unregulated industry is having on the lives of the people they meet along the river. Jackson Slate, famous treasure hunter, is out to find the legendary Lost Gold Of Cortez in the open waters off a secluded island in the Caribbean Sea. Using dynamite to blast his way through centuries of silt, new chasms are created reaching miles below the ancient ocean floor. From here, an ancient evil is released, that quickly, savagely, and without warning, destroys Jackson s boat and kills his crew. The sole survivor of the carnage, Jackson teams up with marine biologist, Sarah, to venture back to the site and investigate the horrific events. They extract an egg from the darkest depths of the ocean and take it back to the lab to investigate. But when it hatches, they realise they have awaken a deadly prehistoric monster, the P-Rex, which will stop at nothing until the entire island is destroyed... A naked, blood-soaked man throws a corpse into a dimly lit basement. The cadaver lands against another body. When the magic powers of The Tablet of Ahkmenrah begin to die out, Larry Daley spans the globe, uniting favorite and new characters while embarking on an epic quest to save the magic before it is gone forever. John Henry returns to his hometown in hopes of repairing his relationship with his estranged father, but a local gang is terrorizing the town. John Henry is the only one who can stop them, however he has abandoned both his gun and reputation as a fearless quick-draw killer. Barbie plays Lumina, a mermaid girl with the power to change the color of pearls. Cheerful and creative, Lumina finds herself working in a mermaid salon customizing fabulous hairstyles. And when Lumina has the chance to attend the royal ball, her friends adorn her with a gown fit for a princess. At the ball, villains try to seize power over the kingdom, and Lumina finds within herself an unexpected power that proves she is much more than a hair stylist. The story of Colonel Paul Tibbets, the pilot of the Enola Gay, the bomber that dropped the atomic bomb on Hiroshima. Although unaware of the full potential of this new weapon, he knows that it is capable of doing tremendously more damage than any other weapon used before, and that the death toll resulting from it will be enormous. He is reluctant to be the person who will end so many lives, but if using it may bring an end to the war, then not doing so may result in even more lives being lost in continued ground assaults as the fighting goes on. At the same time, the intense secrecy surrounding this mission leaves him with no one he can express his thoughts and doubts to, not even his wife. As time goes on, the pressure upon him only increase. Look around you for items marked 'Made in the USA'. How many items did you find? Could the loss of manufacturing jobs be a vital reason why our economy is struggling? Does 'Made in the USA' mean anything anymore? After witnessing the tragic effects caused by a factory shutdown in his hometown of Ravenswood, WV, Josh Miller takes off across the country for 30 days on an epic journey into the heart of America seeking to discover the answers to these questions. Max the terrier must cope with some major life changes when his owner gets married and has a baby. When the family takes a trip to the countryside, nervous Max has numerous run-ins with canine-intolerant cows, hostile foxes and a scary turkey. Luckily for Max, he soon catches a break when he meets Rooster, a gruff farm dog who tries to cure the lovable pooch of his neuroses.  The Life of Mahmoud Kain Flanagan; truck driver and film maker whose film "Ejareh Neshinha" was screened internationally Five close friends have been together since high school. They have stuck together throughout the years. One fateful day, they decided to take a three-month break and not communicate with each other in any shape or form. Their lives immediately took on different courses, with each pursuing their own dreams while holding on to the memories of their close friendship. When the agreed-upon break was up, the five met up with great enthusiasm, deciding to celebrate the event by going on a challenging and dream-filled adventure. A meaningful journey to raise the national flag on the highest peak of Java on August 17th, Indonesia's Independence Day. A journey filled with struggles that deepened their love for Indonesia. A journey for the sake of dreams, friendship and love, a journey of the heart that would forever transform their lives. Further explores some of the world's most remote mountain terrain while continuing Jones' mission to camp deep in the backcountry and on the summits of unridden lines to access nearly vertical spines and wide-open powder fields. Follow TGR's modern day athletes on this cinematic voyage through Alaska's awe-inspiring expanse, rich history, and colorful characters. Watch as the TGR crew ventures from AK training grounds Jackson Hole, WY, and Pemberton, BC, and delves deep into the Alaskan way of life during a record snowfall year in AK, skiing terrain most of us only dream about.  On Location: Jackson Hole, WY / Valdez, AK / Haines, AK / Anchorage, AK / Whittier, AK / Northern Chugach, AK / Valdez Heli Ski Guides / Alyeska Resort / SEABA Heli / Alaska Heli Skiing / Girdwood, AK / Pemberton, BC A turf war has been raging in Oldtown for generations. On one side, The Syndicate - an evil gang of crank-head misfits, who has been set on muscling the San Diego family out of the parcel of land they own in the center of town. On the other side, the San Diego family: Tony and Johnny - twin brothers, and their sister Salsa are the last of a bloodline that stretches back for generations. Their mother, father and brothers were all brutally murdered in a violent clash with The Syndicate years earlier. With their neighborhood becoming increasingly fearful, The Syndicate puts into action another evil advance on their family's fading legacy by kidnapping Salsa - all hell breaks loose. The twins and their best friend Chuck Hank must decide whether to hand over the deed to their families land in order to save their sister or fight, the final fight! Nova Zembla tells the gripping true story of the legendary failed mission of the late sixteenth century Dutch flotilla trying to find a trading route to Asia across the North Pole. The ship crew, who got stuck in the ice of Nova Zembla and had to survive the dark coldness of winter in the most gruesome of circumstances. An incredibly powerful story of determination, hardship and a triumph of the human spirit. The sixteenth century Dutch ship crew is leaving the port of Amsterdam and sailing to the northern arctic, where they get stuck in the ice. Two ships take part at the mission and captain De Rijp decides to return while he still can, while the other ship helmed by Willem Barentsz, stubbornly proceeds. Persephone is the story of three astronauts from Colony One - an enormous space vessel carrying over 20,000 colonists from a dying Earth to the nearest star system of Alpha Centauri in the late 22nd Century. The trio have been dispatched to repair a system designed to shield their new world of Proxima b - also known as Persephone - from the constant and deadly solar flares emitted by the red dwarf star it orbits every eleven days. Persephone is an arid, lifeless world nearly twice the size of Earth with double the gravity. The planet also is tidally-locked - with one side forever facing its parent star while the other remains in unending darkness. Its environment can barely support human life. Yet, after a disastrous attempt to colonize Mars failed decades earlier, Colony One, and its trailing sister ships, are now the only option for the survival of the species. Inspired by the incredible events surrounding a treacherous attempt to reach the summit of the world's highest mountain, "Everest" documents the awe-inspiring journey of two different expeditions challenged beyond their limits by one of the fiercest snowstorms ever encountered by mankind. Their mettle tested by the harshest of elements found on the planet, the climbers will face nearly impossible obstacles as a lifelong obsession becomes a breathtaking struggle for survival. Canadian territory Nunavut is created. In this turbulent jungle adventure an outcast coati male has to team up with a quirky spider monkey to save a coati princess from the hands of a human poacher and his mysterious client. Bending Colours is a moving portrait of Jordy Smith. This is not a biopic. It's a never-before seen insight into game changing next level surfing. From an average school kid in South Africa, a cocky tour rookie, to the professional world title threat he is today, Bending Colours tells a story. No one does progressive surfing or the hi-fi quite like Kai Neville. The fit is obvious. You know Modern Collective. You know the new breed of surfer, soundtrack and star it's created. This next collaboration will further redefine and change the game. In 1964 a colossal pre-Hispanic monolith was taken from the town of San Miguel Coatlinchan in the state of Mexico and brought to the National Museum of Anthropology in Mexico City. Since then, the absence of the monolith has been present in the memories of the inhabitants, as well as in endless reproductions and ripostes. Caught between two worlds, one real and one imagined, three filmmakers have travelled 4000-miles across Europe to understand Live Action Role-Play (LARP), the hobby where these worlds collide. In its essence, LARP is an extension of how you experienced games as a child. When tabletop games grew too big for the board, players put down their dice, picked up their swords, and have been playing make-believe ever since. The culmination of years-old conversations in a local pub, Treasure Trapped is part-documentary, part-road movie; a film that charts the journey of Mike, Al and Nick, as they explore this often misunderstood pastime. Casting a unique look over a worldwide community that is known for its eccentricities, this project aspires to bring the hobby to the masses. Game on! How do you capture the essence of Scotland in just one film? You invite people from all across the country to submit their unique visions in a mass participation project and combine them into a poignant, thrilling, moving, and often very funny impressionistic self portrait of contemporary Scotland. A time travel experiment that was supposed to produce a window into time turns out to be a portal instead. One of the experimenters steps through into a not-too-distant-future world that has been destroyed by nuclear war. Some of the others follow, but then the portal phases out and they can't get back. Things just get worse after that. They run across a rocket that has landed to escape pursuing enemies, bearing scientists who survived the war, and many android "slaves." The time travellers are invited to escape when the ship is again ready to blast off - but just before that happens, the scientits' enemy returns and fires on the sitting-duck ship. A very bad day for the scientists turns terminal at that point, and the 20th-century Earthlings barely escape with their skins. Three novellas are connected by the character of Don Julio. The old man lives alone in a hacienda which is being absorbed by the huge Mexico City. Don Julio escapes from the surrounding reality into the world of memories. Images from the past are so strong that they reawaken his old love for aunt Cecilia and young Clotilde. Every year during summer one of the biggest battles of mankind takes place amidst the hillsides of middle earth. Knights, elves and magicians are fighting orcs and the dark powers. What looks like a scene from Lord of the Rings actually takes place in a field in Germany, where thousands of role players meet to plunge into a fantasy world of their own. More than 250.000 people in Germany regularly make this transition. The documentary accompanies five role players in their daily lives and their parallel ones. Where does their yearning for a shared world of fantasy come from? What does this reveal about our hectic, technological life? Sunday warriors is a film about the passion for playing and the ambition to exceed your limits. Camp Beaverton is the Home for Wayward Girls, the only queer, all women, trans-inclusive, sex positive theme camp set within Burning Man, an 8-day experimental art festival that encourages radical self expression found deep within the Nevada desert. The Beavers create a safe space to explore their boundaries while they build a community of friendship, trust, and lifelong relationships. Two Angola, the colonial and the contemporary, spaced 60 years, share the curse of a mysterious island. In the past, the epicenter of the tragedy is an evil fortress, tomb of revolutionaries deported from the mainland. In the present, the building of a luxurious resort awakens the relentless jaw of justice. Soon after, workmen lacerated dead bodies, begin to appear. The horror spreads rapidly. Pedro Mbala is sent to the island to solve the problem. His target is a pack of stray dogs. A film diary of a trip between Kathmandu, Nepal, and the Thar desert, India. A sensitive and impressionist adventure. A new take on the classic story of a group of twenty-something kids' weekend of terror at the lake house. Teacher Linda Sinclair balances her staid home life with an incredible passion for her subject, but her routine is forever altered when a former star pupil and his unsupportive father reenter her life. A long time ago... in the summer of 1981, a tragedy of epic proportions (a broken plastic bat) sends five friends on an epic adventure to the mall. All they have to do is follow The Stream and back. Mere seconds before the Earth is to be demolished by an alien construction crew, Arthur Dent is swept off the planet by his friend Ford Prefect, a researcher penning a new edition of "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy." Two oafs must rescue their stranded pal in Mexico. High school student Sayaka Yamamoto enjoys gag comedy since she was a child. She decides to form a comedy duo with her friend Yui Yokoyama. They have been friends since middle school. They practice their skits diligently.  One day, at the comedy club in high school, pretty Miyuki Watanabe, who is a transfer student from Tokyo, joins their club. Part of him had been expecting something profound to be waiting at the ocean, but, in many ways, it never came.  Straddling the line between documentary and fiction, FOR THOUSANDS OF MILES is a unique road movie covering one man's bike journey across America in search of something meaningful. First-time director Mike Ambs delivers a visually stunning reflection on coming-of-age while exploring the vast promise of the American landscape. A plover chick has not learned to fly when his family migrates in the fall. He must survive the arctic winter, vicious enemies and himself in order to be reunited with his beloved one next spring. Young Ivan Drago's newfound love of board games catapults him into the fantastical and competitive world of game invention, and pits him against the inventor Morodian, who has long desired to destroy the city of Zyl, founded by Ivan's grandfather. To save his family and defeat Morodian, Ivan must come to know what it is to be a true GAMES MAKER. A wannabe professional thief has an epic fail when he's caught stealing a package and forced to take a young woman as hostage back to his gay friend's house where, despite pressure from his deranged, yoga-loving boss, he can't dispense with her and instead the three face a bunch of quirky thugs sent by the boss who will do anything to get his hands on the mysterious package. While Doraemon is asleep, a famous thief comes and steals his cat-bell. Without his cat-bell, Doraemon starts to act more and more like a normal cat. In order to stop this, Nobita, Shizuka, Suneo, and Gian have to go and search for his bell, so they go to a factory where all of Doraemon's gadgets are made. An old traditional family and a modern family battle over land in a small English village and almost destroy each other.  The incredible destiny of Angelique: a beautiful girl who found in her love for Joffrey Peyrac the strength to fight injustice and submission in a century plagued by power struggles, inequality and the oppression. Witty and resourceful fourteen-year-old Koko solves yet another mystery - aided by his friends. One of them, Tomo, has recently moved to the city and longs for adventure. The boys notice that their new classmate acts curiously. Step by step, joined by their classmate Marijana, they unveil the boy's dark secret. Four strangers in a sultry Thai resort come together. Over 72 hours, they cross cultures, push boundaries, and find truths in themselves they never knew before. In the mountains of Dagestan in the Russian Civil War era, some good and bad people are looking for a hidden treasure. The only problem is that the instructions on where to find it are encrypted in one handwritten copy of Quran, which ends up in the wrong hands. More action adventure than traditional documentary, Lion Ark follows the world's most ambitious and daring animal rescue, with a narrative meticulously compiled from film, interviews, conversations and the reactions of participants as events actually unfold. A shocking undercover investigation leads to a ban on animal circuses in Bolivia. But the circuses defy the law. The team behind the investigation return, track down the illegal circuses and save every animal. The confrontations, heartache and incredible risks the rescue team face are all captured before a joyous finale sees 25 lions airlifted to freedom in Colorado. An uplifting story of bravery, compassion, camaraderie and determination. How a poor but proud country said 'no' to cruelty and how attitudes to animals were changed across an entire continent. Sons and daughters of international billionaires are sent to an boot camp where they are taught basic survival skills in hopes it will teach them responsibility. When they are taken hostage and taken for ransom by kidnappers, they will need to utilize every skill they learned to survive. Kowalski works for a car delivery service, and takes delivery of a 1970 Dodge Challenger to drive from Colorado to San Francisco. Shortly after pickup, he takes a bet to get the car there in less than 15 hours. In the near future the earth has become desolate and dangerous. Now inhabited by by a mysterious race of creatures, humanity has been forced to find refuge in the SkyArk, a man-made city in the sky. As the population grows, space becomes scarce and only the rich and powerful can stay, dumping the poor and orphaned of SkyArk to the abandoned earth. College friends find their weekend of sex and debauchery ruined when deadly zombie beavers swarm their riverside cabin. A young tech worker takes a job at a powerful Internet corporation, quickly rises up the company's ranks, and soon finds herself in a perilous situation concerning privacy, surveillance and freedom. She comes to learn that her decisions and actions will determine the future of humanity. Dave Skylark and his producer Aaron Rapaport run the celebrity tabloid show "Skylark Tonight". When they land an interview with a surprise fan, North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un, they are recruited by the CIA to turn their trip to Pyongyang into an assassination mission. For years, old wood carver Mr. Meacham has delighted local children with his tales of the fierce dragon that resides deep in the woods of the Pacific Northwest. To his daughter, Grace, who works as a forest ranger, these stories are little more than tall tales... until she meets Pete, a mysterious 10-year-old with no family and no home who claims to live in the woods with a giant, green dragon named Elliott. And from Pete's descriptions, Elliott seems remarkably similar to the dragon from Mr. Meacham's stories. With the help of Natalie, an 11-year-old girl whose father Jack owns the local lumber mill, Grace sets out to determine where Pete came from, where he belongs, and the truth about this dragon. A lawyer defends his client so brilliantly that this one is released at once. But if the attorney expected thanks, he can only be disappointed as his client not only does not show him his gratitude but he reprimands him bluntly as well. The thing would be surprising if one did not specify that the accused, in order to escape all the small domestic worries, WANTED to be sent to prison. As compensations, the client finally settles down at the lawyer's! One day, the young Jacques falls into a manhole which is actually a door leading to a parallel world : the city of Paris plunged in an endless night, occupied by batty characters and ruled by an emperor allowing all the excesses. Between sex, violence and poetry, Jacques must climb the social ladder of this new world through heavy sacrifices... The film is an emotional journey of a common man to an unknown place with the hope to come home and lead a better life. The film revolves around a story of human survival adapted from a newspaper article of a real-life crisis event, when three oil workers from India were kidnapped and taken hostage in Sudan. The demons of hell play music for Satan, whose delight turns to wrath when an insubordinate refuses to become food for Cerberus. Chhota Bheem and his friends set out to fight Damyaan, a demon blessed with immortality. However, it is not as easy as they thought it would be. A biologist signs up for a dangerous, secret expedition into a mysterious zone where the laws of nature don't apply. A team of U.S. archaeologists unearths an ancient pyramid buried deep beneath the Egyptian desert. As they search the pyramid's depths, they become hopelessly lost in its dark and endless catacombs. Searching for a way out, they become desperate to seek daylight again. They come to realize they aren't just trapped, they are being hunted.  No blood, no money! Fights, acrobatics, jumps and death were the daily routine of the "old school" Spanish stuntmen and their coordinators. Their profession did put a price on their lives: the higher the risk, the higher the reward. The story of a super-secret spy organization that recruits an unrefined but promising street kid into the agency's ultra-competitive training program just as a global threat emerges from a twisted tech genius. Miguel makes the journey that his grandfather cannot make because he is locked up by his own family. The mission is very simple, go to a funeral and leave an army jacket on the grave of an old man, a friend of his grandfather. Miguel, accompanied by Lola and Guillermo, leaves that island of cement that is the Nazareth neighborhood. He wanders the outskirts of Valencia, looking for a cemetery and faces a deserted city. A poor and wronged woman's son returns from the big city to avenge his father, a honest school teacher. Peter Parker a lone child discovers that his parents were in a horrifying plot to make mankind change. getting bitten by his fathers invention he develops super powers to tries to find answers to his whole life, try and juggle a relationship with his girlfriend and try and find the murderer of his uncle. (Fan Made Film) Chuck, a top international manager for FedEx, and Kelly, a Ph.D. student, are in love and heading towards marriage. Then Chuck's plane to Malaysia ditches at sea during a terrible storm. He's the only survivor, and he washes up on a tiny island with nothing but some flotsam and jetsam from the aircraft's cargo. Machine to Die For is about the search for perpetual motion and free energy.  Conventional science claims this is impossible, yet generations of inventors have been mesmerized by the promise of an engine that powers itself.  The world's reliance on diminishing fossil fuel resources and the associated problems of pollution serve to spur them on.  A Machine to Die For showcases a number of dedicated, sometimes eccentric, and always obsessive individuals who have devoted their lives to this quest.  The documentary could be used as a resource when studying motion and simple machines in secondary science and physics.  It could also serve as a springboard for discussions about inventors and inventions and the history of scientific endeavors. It would be suitable for teachers of middle to senior secondary students in Science.  Two closeted actors en route to an awards show argue in a chauffeured limo about how important it is to appear straight. Movie about the legend of the foundation of the Spanish city of Castellon. Deckard Shaw seeks revenge against Dominic Toretto and his family for his comatose brother. When a radio falls from the sky into the hands of a wide-eyed Tibetan Mastiff, he leaves home to fulfill his dream of becoming a musician, setting into motion a series of completely unexpected events. Retired assassin, Jack Lee, walked away from his violent past to raise his dead brother's daughter, Jaime, as his own. When crime lord Banducci kidnaps Jaime for a payback, Jack brings his gifted skills of extermination out of retirement and the streets of San Francisco become a battleground for a one man killing machine and ruthless, united mob bosses. Frikke, a 14-year-old boy, discovers a sinister computer game that uses real children from his neighbourhood as players. In a race against time Frikke must find the evil creator of this horrible game. Mika Collins wasn't always a loner. But her shattered past has left the security operative cold and distant, unable to connect with the only friends she has left - her team at ThinkTanc Security.  When her boss and former lover, Tanc Lorenzo, decides to take his staff on a team-building hike into remote country in the Blue Mountains, Mika must spend 48 hours in the constant company of the ThinkTanc team, without the sophisticated distractions of their urban existence. But when the team strays into the territory of a yet-undiscovered Australian predator, they will face a threat much more immediate than the tensions that brought them here in the first place.  When darkness brings the disappearance of their leader, the group splinters, and it's up to Mika to identify the threat before the darkest force of nature destroys them all... After surviving a car accident, two college students are caught up in a dangerous game of cat and mouse with a local resident. They must come together to survive the deadly night and unravel the mystery as to why this man is out to take their lives. Three guys on the verge of forty begin to realize all the best things in their lives happened before they were twenty. A spontaneous road trip adventure gives them a chance to balance the ledger Little tribal boy runs off on a long journey to the big city to watch the Ramayana that his friends saw but he missed, unaware that his little village is being forced to give up its land for bauxite mining. A beautiful native guide splits the loyalties of two guides seeking the sky burial platforms from the Orphan Tsunami of 1700. But they found too late that she will never let them leave the forest alive. Denny Burke is finally about to graduate high school. Senior year has been one bad thing after another: a broken leg, a broken heart, and -- worst  of all -- a broken home.  With four of his closest friends, Denny goes on one last rock-climbing trip to prove he's ready to start his adult life... On their trip the five teens receive a genetic boost beyond anything they'd ever imagined.  Denny's soon faced with the first big decision of his adult life: does he give up these powers and stay a normal teenager, or does he keep them...and graduate from the human race? The most fearsome, destructive insect in the galaxy has come to Earth, and famous swashbuckling entomologist Dex Hamilton is on the case. But he's not trying to stop it. He's trying to save it - from the remorseless exterminator Hartley Hunter, whose life's mission is to see all bugs in the galaxy wiped out. It's a rollicking animated sci-fi adventure with legs as Dex Hamilton is all that stands between the forces of evil and the most incredible insect species the galaxy has ever known. By helping Doctor Proctor getting recognition for his amazing invention in a world quite different from ours, two lonely children gets help to stand on their own two feet. Bobo Buggins, a neurotic Throbbit, joins a throng of Dweebs led by Randolf the Wizard to help them regain their technological treasures trapped beneath Silicon Mountain and guarded by a mighty Drag Queen. Ha Jung Woo promised that if he won the best actor award 2 years in a row he would walk across South Korea. He did and the adventure begins. Twenty years ago, Garnet Frost nearly lost his life hiking near Scotland's Loch Arkaig. The near-death experience still haunts him to this day, and, in particular, a peculiar wooden stick he discovered serendipitously right before he was rescued. Believing the staff (as he calls it) is actually a marker for a fortune hidden nearly 300 years ago, Garnet embarks on a treasure hunt to search for the lost riches. But beneath the search for gold lies a poignant pursuit for life's meaning and inspiration. Imagine a guitar that could make your wildest dreams come true... and "all you have to do is play." When Jimi Lazer, front-man guitarist of the up-and-coming rock band LAZER US gets wind of this six-stringed magic, he pays a visit to the House Where Dreams Come True. Inside, a cloaked witch presents an ordinary stratocaster. "Is this it?" he asks. "This'll make me as famous as Hendrix?" The witch smiles and Jimi takes what he came for. But there's a catch. The cost is more than he is willing to pay. Realizing she won't let him back out of the deal, he now lives under a curse. Jimi takes the guitar and disappears. No one hears from him again. Twenty-seven long years pass. Based on the real story of a French family, during 1878, this film is an adaptation based on the diary written by their daughter Chantal, on their ordeal as the first European colonizers who came to the wild lands of Patagonia, to enact their dreams and conflicts, through adventures and intense emotions. "McConkey," a 90-minute documentary to be released in 2013, is a heartfelt examination of the legacy one athlete left to the progression of his sports, and the path he paved to conquer his dreams. Shane McConkey is revered as the pioneer of freeskiing and ski base jumping, and through his talent and unique outlook on life, he inspired countless lives. In a new film from Red Bull Media House in association with Matchstick Productions, "McConkey" celebrates the life of one of the world's ultimate innovators Alice Martin (Lee Meriwether), a former musical headliner, now lives alone and forgotten in a house hidden away just below the Hollywood sign. She remembers a past love (Susan Blakely) as she searches for meaning in her golden years. While mentoring a young aspiring singer (Leigh Ann Larkin), past memories become entwined with the present as Alice comes to realize that what she thought was lost is only dormant, awaiting a new spark. The Ruckland University Men's Rugby team is comprised of an "Animal House" quality group of hooligans. Their recent success on the field has been overshadowed by the school's Athletic Director who plans on using the team's funds for his own endeavors. It is up to the boys to band together as a team to stop him from dissolving their program and ruining their chance at winning a league championship.From hardships, sprouts heroes. This lovable group of underdogs must look beyond the fun and games they have had in college and realize that they have found something much more than a rugby team, they found a family. British Explorer, Sarah Begum follows her childhood dream at the age of 21, travelling deep into the Ecuadorian Amazon Rainforest to live with the legendary Huaorani tribe and immerse in their ancient way of life. Sarah hunts and gathers with warriors, captures their stories and struggles whilst investigating into the impacts of modernity on their culture. Through a defining challenge, she becomes one of the tribe to send their message about protecting their land from exploitation. He lost himself at war and then he awakened in Venice. He was a sniper and he became a photographer because the rifle's telescopic sight is very similar to the camera's viewfinder. Roman Cherpak left his home in Ukraine at the age of 14, he has grown up in Israel and now he raises his two sons in Italy and in Moscow and manages his gallery in Venice's downtown. The film is dedicated to the first steps of mankind on the path of space exploration and direct the fate of the first cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin. The main motif - the fight for the right to be first: the competition in the first cosmonaut, competition in missile technology, the confrontation of superpowers - the USSR and the USA.  In the first group of astronauts were selected from three thousand fighter pilots across the country. In twenty of the legendary got the best of the best. Which of them will fly first, no one knew. In this way, had to contend not only with the pull of the earth ... A pair of urbanites embark on a 4000-mile bicycle ride in search of the last wild place in America; to their dismay they find it. Set in the wake of America's great western expansion, the film is a portrait of bike touring and a meditation on wilderness. A.D. 2400, DEVA's central council detects an incident of unauthorized access into their mainframe. Someone on Earth was trying to hack into the system. The only information DEVA was able to retrieve was that hacker referred to themselves as "Frontier Setter."  To investigate the mysterious hacker's motives, the high officials of DEVA dispatch system Security Third Officer Angela Balzac to the Earth's surface. Equipped with a prosthetic "material body," Angela attempts to make contact with a local agent Dingo, but what awaited her instead was a swarm of Sandworms now infesting the Earth's surface. Angela intercepts the gruesome pests with her exoskeleton powered suit Arhan. One night, the phone rings in a traditional Portuguese snack bar from the country side. The Spanish Civil Guard is looking for Kunta. He isn't there and till he arrives people speculate about those phone calls and about who is that man. His he a thief? A terrorist? Ratchet and Clank tells the story of two unlikely heroes as they struggle to stop a vile alien named Chairman Drek from destroying every planet in the Solana Galaxy. When the two stumble upon a dangerous weapon capable of destroying entire planets, they must join forces with a team of colorful heroes called The Galactic Rangers in order to save the galaxy. Along the way they'll learn about heroism, friendship, and the importance of discovering one's own identity. A young witch, on her mandatory year of independent life, finds fitting into a new community difficult while she supports herself by running an air courier service. A faded television actor and his stunt double strive to achieve fame and success in the film industry during the final years of Hollywood's Golden Age in 1969 Los Angeles. When Rainie runs away from home after her mom forgot about her birthday, she is magically transported from the big city to an enchanted jungle in an unfamiliar land, where she meets Blue. With the help of Blue's grandfather and their newfound friend Mulla, they embark on an epic adventure to help Blue become the leader he is destined to be and save the rainforest from the villainous Boss Cain. Popeye is marrying Olive tomorrow; he's ecstatic. She has a dream of the future, including twin sons who prove to be a real handful. When Popeye comes by the next morning, he gets a frosty reception. On Any Sunday, The Next Chapter" is an exploration into the two-wheeled world of motorcycle riding. The film journeys deeper into the humanity, thrills and excitement behind the global culture of motorcycle riding. We meet those who are bonded by their passion for the race, we experience the exhilaration of the ride and we witness the love of family and friendship as each individual seeks out their next thrilling moment on the bike. When Shaun decides to take the day off and have some fun, he gets a little more action than he bargained for. A mix up with the Farmer, a caravan and a very steep hill lead them all to the Big City and it's up to Shaun and the flock to return everyone safely to the green grass of home. For generations, we have believed that man is driven by ruthless self-interest. But over the past decade, this idea has been increasingly challenged. New research from fields as diverse as political science, psychology, sociology and experimental economics is forcing us to rethink human actions and motivation.  'The Altruism Revolution' examines the scientific reasons behind the call for a more caring society. Behind the Redwood Curtain takes us on a mesmerizing journey through the dark and eerie Redwood forest. Seven forest dwellers - loggers, scientists, activists and Native Americans - invite us to discover their part of these impressive woods. There are no Walmarts and Starbucks here, just small towns and big trees. The ancient Redwoods have always kept the region isolated but now that excessive logging is encroaching, the survival of this unique habitat is under threat. Liesbeth De Ceulaer tells a compelling story about the relationship between man and his natural environment in which she entwines her own impressions of the forest with the beliefs, dreams and fears of the forest inhabitants. The story of the happy, brave and peace-loving moles defeating evils and protecting their home continues. This time they have to protect the secret treasure of the mysterious sirens. They venture onto the ocean to stop the evil magician Kula from destroying all children's dreams. The first work by Fran Araujo and Ernesto de Nova describes the odyssey of Hassan, a Moroccan immigrant who can no longer find work in Spain after thirteen years in the country and decides to go home. He puts all his savings into a second-hand tractor to secure a living in Morocco and sets out to drive it back. When he came to Spain he had nothing, now he's returning with his only belonging: el Rayo. Collective screening of the Academy Award nominated short films from the Live Action category for 2013. When Chef Carl Casper suddenly quits his job at a prominent Los Angeles restaurant after refusing to compromise his creative integrity for its controlling owner, he is left to figure out what's next. Finding himself in Miami, he teams up with his ex-wife, his friend and his son to launch a food truck. Taking to the road, Chef Carl goes back to his roots to reignite his passion for the kitchen -- and zest for life and love. The human city of Zion defends itself against the massive invasion of the machines as Neo fights to end the war at another front while also opposing the rogue Agent Smith. Passion stories from couples of Rio de Janeiro. Four stories about Finnish life intersect. In the first story, the ex- bassist Tom makes a mistake. He calls the old band mate, drum artist Monkki Mahonen renovation of this property to the wife 's summer home. The story starts to get "kauhuelokuvamaisia  " features the Monkki and the lady of the house Stina on a collision course. The following story wannabee - motorcycle gang and its leader Jouni humiliated in the village shop. Jouni decides to avenge the humiliation robbing trade. He is a tough movie freak and draws its revenge plan inspired by the famous action movies. In the third story of the journey of the yellow press, the early days of the sixties to mid. During the film has become known for bad behavior Helsinki fantasy and sci-fi director Kurt von "Kurre" Riikonen, which rises at the center of the fourth story. Ashens is going on a quest to find the legendary, and elusive electronic tat known as the Game Child. When a top-secret laboratory is unexpectedly breached, thousands of rampaging raptors are unleashed on Los Angeles! A black-ops unit is mobilized to contain the creatures before they cause city-wide chaos. Simultaneously, a truckload of raptors is rerouted to a nearby prison. Upon their escape, these ferocious flesh-eaters are beyond containment. This is Jurassic judgment night for smoking hot sorority girls, sinister scientists, muscle-bound military and doomed death-row inmates! It's about to get bloody in Jurassic City! Gowtam is a guard employed by a security agency. One rainy night, he finds out that his grandfather has a treasure stashed away in Pakistan which was his place before partition happened. Srinidhi is a staunch devotee and her goal is to visit a Hindu temple which is located in Hinglaj, Pakistan. Gowtam's treasure is located in and around that temple. Gowtam joins Srinidhi's journey to Pakistan temple where they have a security guy (Ali) helping them. Meanwhile, Sultan takes over the Pakistan's archeology department's team that is searching for treasure in the same area. The rest of the story is all about how Gowtam manages to get hold of diamonds which rightfully belongs to him. A petty thief posing as an actor is brought to Los Angeles for an unlikely audition and finds himself in the middle of a murder investigation along with his high school dream girl and a detective who's been training him for his upcoming role... The year is 400 AD in what is known now as Western Europe . After an unprovoked battle with local Germainian Barbarians The Roman is wounded and seeks refuge in a vast forest to regain his strength and tend to his mortal wounds. It is in this forest of refuge Where he is granted another day to live by the Gods, and will cross paths with an escaped Egyptian slave who has abandoned his own camp. The two men will be challenged and tested by each other, mother nature &amp; the inner most conflicting primordial affiliations with man's body and mind. With Death close to The Roman, hovering over him like his shadow.......what will this journey hold for both men. Discover everything your heart &amp; mind desires in this openly suggestive feature about the human connection. Beatrice Prior must confront her inner demons and continue her fight against a powerful alliance which threatens to tear her society apart. The plot is unknown. This is a modern pirate story complete with a captain, a mutinous crew of outlaws, a princess, her wedding dress and untold riches. Only one thing is missing: the ship. According to legend, Vulchan, a 19th-century gypsy pirate, attacked three convoys laden with gold. He robbed them, sunk them and hid his treasure by the coast. Fast forward to present day. Captain Jack, an ex-con himself, leads a motley bunch of homeless outcasts--alcoholics and petty criminals--in a search for the hidden loot. But their hopes of riches and glory are threatened when the brother of the Bulgarian Prime Minister announces plans to build a new mega tourist resort by the Black Sea. Jake and Desmond (Paranormal Exterminators) team up with Alison, whose house is infested with undead creatures, to fight the horde and keep a demon from entering our dimension. For years, the land of Altera has observed an uneasy peace between the humans, the elves, and the beasts who are loyal to the legendary Black Dragon. But when the dragon wakes from its hibernation, mobilizing a force of beasts to make war, a small band of humans and elves unite in a search for the secret road to the dragon's lair. Seven clumsy dwarfs try to undo the spell they unwillingly unleashed and save the fairy tales world with the help of a tired dragon and a butterfly. The evil witch Dellamorta cursed princess Rose when she was a baby. Before she turns 18, Rose will get stung in the finger by a sharp object and she and the whole castle will fall into a hundred year long sleep unless her true love would kiss her. The night before her birthday she sends her bf Jack to the 7 dwarfs, who live behind the 7 mountains to hide until after Rose has turned 18. Unfortunately he gets lost and captured by Dellamorta's dragon Burner. So at the party, Rose gets stung in the finger, and everyone falls into deep sleep. Everyone but the 7 dwarfs of course who will go on a journey to save Jack so he can save Rose. Singer-songwriter Slink Moss plays the mysterious driver of a Cadillac hearse who journeys across America to pick up and drop off a hitchhiker to his (final?) destination. The nearly-wordless film stylishly re-imagines the open road as a state of Limbo. Kurapika became a Hunter to take vengeance on the Class-A crime group Phantom Troupe who massacred his clan for their unique eyes. The eyes of the Kurta clan turn scarlet in times of anger or emotional agitation and are considered the most beautiful treasures in the world. Kurapika continues to pursue the Phantom Troupe but an unknown party has stolen his "scarlet eyes". With the help of Gon, Killua and Leorio, Kurapika' s life was saved. However, the Phantom Troupe shows up before them and blocks their way. The true identity of the one with the No.4 spider tattoo is about to be unveiled. Muffy and her friends go on a scandalous adventure to the creepy house on the outskirts of town. Two survivors struggle through a dangerous journey in a world shrouded with evil and terror. When the government puts all its rotten criminal eggs in one airborne basket, it's asking for trouble. Before you can say, "Pass the barf bag," the crooks control the plane, led by creepy Cyrus "The Virus" Grissom. Watching his every move is the just-released Cameron Poe, who'd rather reunite with his family. Two infantry regiments of the Imperial Japanese Army--210 men overall--tackled Mt. Hakkoda in the winter of 1902 to prepare for war with Russia. A hardened bounty hunter, a gang of outlaws in his trust and a preacher are forced to work together and battle their way across the old west of the 1870s when the zombie apocalypse begins. A group of backpackers diving in a ruined underwater city discover that they have stumbled into the territory of the ocean's deadliest shark species. A group of friends and the insanity that occurs over the course of a summer.  Tim is devastated after being dumped by his longtime girlfriend of two years. With the help of his animated friends; Mils (The Stoner), Chris (The Geek) and Dax (The Alpha Male), Tim will pursue a new relationship, learn more about himself, and continue on his path to becoming a man. Amidst the small beautiful city of Guarapari, Brazil, Derek Rabelo's father prayed that his son would become a famous professional surfer. Unfortunately on May 25th 1992, his prayer seemed unanswered when Derek was born blind. Seventeen years later Derek decided that despite his blindness he still wanted to surf and that he wanted to surf Pipeline on the North Shore of Oahu. Through the encouragement of his parents, best friend, and surf coach, Derek embarked on a three-year journey of grueling mental, physical and spiritual training. As Derek perseveres towards his goal of surfing Pipeline, he inspires the best pro-surfers in the world including Kelly Slater, Damien Hobgood, Rob Machado, Lakey Peterson, Taj Burrow, Laird Hamilton and more, who are featured in the film. You will learn from Derek's story that the best journeys in life are walked by faith, and not by sight. A class of five-year-old children gets lost in the forest after their schoolmistress faints from eating wild berries. All alone, they encounter a fourteen-year-old runaway, Tom the Truant, who lives in a centennial oak tree. Tom strikes a deal with them: he will bring them back to their parents, safe and sound, when they have forgotten everything they learned in school. A field trip led by a "master Truant", or how to re-enchant the world with fantasy and impertinence. Hills Village 21000 Split is a documentary which in a Fellini style represents the inhabitants of an unusual neighbourhood. We encounter a dentist and writer, a tired ex-boxer who had a carrier in Germany, a hardcore punk band Pas Maters, whose charismatic front man and lead singer mysteriously disappeared, an old soccer supporter with the last name Hajduk, an ex-hooligan diligently studying in a night school and many others. A complex portrait of an unusual Split neighbourhood and its even more unusual inhabitants with Hajduk as their religion. 2500 years ago, in India, Siddhartha was born as a prince of the Shakya clan, but he gives up his position as a prince to see the world. He meets a strange boy named Assaji, who can predict the future, a monk with only one eye and Depa. Siddhartha continues traveling. Siddhartha is overwhelmed by the sufferings he witnesses around him. Meanwhile, Prince Ruri of Kosara begins his attack on the Shakya clan.  Second Buddha movie from Tezuka Productions. On the death of his father, Tim Webber returns to his childhood village in Somerset to find something sinister is disturbing the idyllic peace of the villagers. An exploration of the United States of America's war on drugs from multiple perspectives. For the new head of the Office of National Drug Control Policy, the war becomes personal when he discovers his well-educated daughter is abusing cocaine within their comfortable suburban home. In Mexico, a flawed, but noble policeman agrees to testify against a powerful general in league with a cartel, and in San Diego, a drug kingpin's sheltered trophy wife must learn her husband's ruthless business after he is arrested, endangering her luxurious lifestyle. Musa, who is only a thirteen-year-old shoe shiner, undergoes destiny through his adventure of waging war during the war time. Will he manage to bring peace among the troops who keep on fighting for nothing? In the 1943 invasion of Italy, one American platoon lands, digs in, then makes its way inland to attempt to take a fortified farmhouse, as tension and casualties mount. Unusually realistic picture of war as long quiet stretches of talk, punctuated by sharp, random bursts of violent action whose relevance to the big picture is often unknown to the soldiers. A Greek warrior must travel to the Underworld and battle killer hellhounds in order to rescue his murdered bride from the clutches of Hades. Ronan knows that taking three recovering addicts to walk an 800km pilgrimage in a foreign country is a big ask, what he can't foresee is the tempestuous result of his counselling philosophy in action. Chart a course for nonstop fun with Handy Manny's first full-length adventure! Fell the wind in your hair, and join Manny as he packs up his Tools for an exciting road trip. They're heading out to a fiesta grande - Manny's family reunion! But when Pat veers off in search of his own family, Manny's plans take a detour. Can he race to the rescue in time to make it to the party? Filled with new songs, old friends, and an inspiring message, Motorcycle Adventure shows that when it comes to family, there's always something to celebrate! Determined to prove herself, Officer Judy Hopps, the first bunny on Zootopia's police force, jumps at the chance to crack her first case - even if it means partnering with scam-artist fox Nick Wilde to solve the mystery. Bix the Bug is a DJ who comes into possession of a Teslascope -- Nikola Tesla's legendary invention, which he claims was capable of receiving signals from Extra Terrestrial worlds. Khorshid is a young, aspiring scientist in Tehran. Working together with her best friend Mehrnaz, she hopes to prove that human consciousness and positive energies can affect the molecular ... Two modern-day treasure hunters go searching for the lost gold of a legendary 1800s outlaw in the remote jungles of Far North Queensland. A rainbow-colored tornado takes Haruto and Koyomi to an alternate reality called "Magic Land". There, its residents never developed science. Instead they put extensive research on magic. As a result, anyone has an ability to use magic, and some of them can even transform into a Kamen Rider Mage. When Haruto arrives, he meets a young orphan called Shiina. As Haruto explores Magic Land, he finds the Emerald Palace and meets Emperor Maya. He also meets Prime Minister Orma, who is known as Kamen Rider Sorcerer, who does not appear what he may seem to be... PROJECT WILD THING is an ambitious, feature-length documentary that takes a funny and revealing look at a complex issue, the increasingly disparate connection between children and nature. An epic tale of a Big Cat's, Big Adventure. Malshej ghat to Mumbai in 29 days i.e. a cool 120 km. The UN affiliated OIPA chapter in India and PFA Haryana has taken up the matter with the ministry of Environment and Forest against AWBI permission granted to display of leopard in AJOBA marathi film, where as display of six species are banned in India including leopard. A documentary slash mockumentary about and directed by two graffiti artists from Slovenia, travelling to New York, then Switzerland, and finally Israel, looking for the roots of graffiti and the artist who created the mysterious "Style Wars 2" piece, paying homage to the film who started it all: "Style Wars" by Tony Silver. A man must save his daughter from eternal damnation. Electricity titans Thomas Edison and George Westinghouse compete to create a sustainable system and market it to the American people On the hottest day in 50 years, a serious fire incident happened to a busy commercial tower, a gaggle of fire fighters with an indestructible enthusiasm are going to save lives. A doctor desperately tries to save his wife and their 5 year old son after their vacation in the Bahamas takes an unexpected turn. Growing up can be a bumpy road, and it's no exception for Riley, who is uprooted from her Midwest life when her father starts a new job in San Francisco. Riley's guiding emotions-- Joy, Fear, Anger, Disgust and Sadness--live in Headquarters, the control centre inside Riley's mind, where they help advise her through everyday life and tries to keep things positive, but the emotions conflict on how best to navigate a new city, house and school. Just as the original hobos of the early 20th century were scorned the mainstream of society, so too are today's train riders. FREELOAD is a dive into a beggar's existence. It is a ride through America's backyard. It is a musical endeavor that feels like a drama. It is a sociological examination of the ignored. A motley crew of university students set out on a journey in pursuit of a mythical form of hash, confronting a series of encounters that begin to unravel the myriad realities of rebellion. A bittersweet coming-of-age film based on a novel dealing with forestry. Yuki Hirano wants to live an easy life, like working a part-time job after his high school graduation. But, after his high school graduation, Yuki hears from his homeroom teacher that he has been hired for a job. When Yuki gets home, his mother is packing his stuff. Yuki's mother and his homeroom teacher decided that Yuki will work as a forestry trainee after his graduation. Yuki will have to go Kamusari Village. Since then, Yuki begins to work as a forestry trainee and becomes assimilated with the beauty of nature and the warm-hearted people in the village. Movie about David Lama climbing the Patagonian mountain Cerro Torre for the first time free, a mountain that has been dubbed the most difficult to climb in the world. An enigmatic outsider living on a remote Scottish island finds herself caught between her minister husband and the delinquent who is sent to live with them. Sol, a bold fugitive lost in a dangerous post-apocalyptic desert world, searches for a missing woman named Catherine and her illusive captor, the Nomad King. With enemies at every turn, Sol's only chance of finding Catherine is with the help of a rogue and mysterious wanderer, Cleo. Two lesbian hookers wind their way through a world of bargain-hunting housewives and double-dealing conservative women in this buddy comedy, an homage to and riff on iconic male hustler films. Margaret is a down-on-her-luck hooker in training, who meets up with Jo, a beautiful and self-assured grifter from a wealthy family and an expert on servicing women, even as she considers herself proudly heterosexual. The film follows their adventures together on the street, through encounters with husky-voiced seductresses, mumbling erotic accessory salesmen and shopaholic swingers. Navigating the bizarre fetishes and sexual needs of their 'dates' brings into focus the hilarious and pathetic disparity between the two hookers, fellow travelers who will share the road together but only for a while. After the death of a friend, a writer recounts a boyhood journey to find the body of a missing boy. German family Schroeder is spending their Christmas holidays on the Thai island, Phuket. Of all the things, deep within the sleazy tourist bars and alleys of Patong, the youngest son Felix falls in love with a gorgeous Thai girl Fai who in return appears to mutually attracted to him. When a menacing vampire is summoned from the darkness and begins terrorizing couples in Chicago, a doctor with a haunted past is determined to confront and destroy him. Trapped inside an old mining complex, somewhere in the ruins of Chernobyl, a group of international mercenaries must band together to fight an army of mad men. 8 against 800, they just couldn't lose. Through a series of misunderstandings, Alvin, Simon and Theodore come to believe that Dave is going to propose to his new girlfriend in New York City - and dump them. They have three days to get to him and stop the proposal. Fearing the actions of a god-like Super Hero left unchecked, Gotham City's own formidable, forceful vigilante takes on Metropolis's most revered, modern-day savior, while the world wrestles with what sort of hero it really needs. And with Batman and Superman at war with one another, a new threat quickly arises, putting mankind in greater danger than it's ever known before. Writer Harry Street reflects on his life as he lies dying from an infection while on safari in the shadow of Mount Kilimanjaro. Erik, Ryan, and Cooze start college and pledge the Beta House fraternity, presided over by none other than legendary Dwight Stifler. But chaos ensues when a fraternity of geeks threatens to stop the debauchery and the Betas have to make a stand for their right to party. Poncho is a student at a prestigious college in northern Mexico who is immersed along a single day on a whirlwind adventure through the various levels of the narc world after accepting the help of "Grenas", a guy working in the parking lot of his college, who will explain him how to buy marijuana on the campus for the first time. After returning to the Dominican Republic, Vera finds out that her stepbrother, Andres, has dropped out of his MBA and that her stepfather has not been seen around the house for a few days. She also meets Santiago, a charming photographer, who quickly invites her to the south of the country: a region she longs to see. Andres stumbles upon a devastating reality about his father that forces him to flee along with Vera and Santiago to the south to avoid facing the truth. In the future, nations have been replaced by Projects that are managed like corporations. Neighborhoods are Quadrants that closely monitored by the supervisors of the Projects and these are led by a man named BLAS. Productivity at all costs is at the core of the new society. Against this backdrop, ROSA Santos, a university student, falls in love with DANIEL, another student from a lesser Quadrant, much to the dismay of her mother. Rosa's mother will stop at nothing to better hers and her daughter's life including forcing her to marry an influential member of the Supervisors, Stefano GRAVELLI, a move that unleashes a series of events that will drag Rosa and Daniel into a conflict of political intrigue and danger. When world-famous air racer Dusty learns that his engine is damaged and he may never race again, he must shift gears and is launched into the world of aerial firefighting. Dusty joins forces with veteran fire and rescue helicopter Blade Ranger and his team, a bunch of all-terrain vehicles known as The Smokejumpers. Together, the fearless team battles a massive wildfire, and Dusty learns what it takes to become a true hero. In an underground world where tunnels extend everywhere, even though they live in dark and confined spaces, people wear protective clothes and lead quiet and enjoyable lives. Patema, a princess in her underground village, loves to explore the tunnels. Her favorite place is a "danger zone" that her village prohibits people from entering. Even though she's scolded, Patema's curiosity can't be held back. No one ever explained what the supposed danger was. On her usual trip to the "danger zone," Patema faces unexpected events. When hidden secrets come to light, the story begins to unfold. When New York based Tibetan artist Tenzing Rigdol's father passes away in exile with an unfulfilled wish to take his last breath in Tibet, Tenzing realizes that his father's dream to return home to his lost nation is shared by all exiles. Driven by this realization, the artist embarks on a mission to reunite the Tibetan land with its people, literally, through an art project that involves smuggling 20,000 kilograms of native Tibetan soil to India. During her wedding ceremony, Rachel notices Luce in the audience and feels instantly drawn to her. The two women become close friends, and when Rachel learns that Luce is a lesbian, she realizes that despite her happy marriage to Heck, she is falling for Luce. As she questions her sexual orientation, Rachel must decide between her stable relationship with Heck and her exhilarating new romance with Luce. In the year 2121, a transport ship mysteriously explodes in a remote region of space. The crew of the Redemption go to investigate and find an alluring female cyborg. Before long an alien contagion starts to take over the minds of the crew and the race is on to find a cure and stop their ship from being destroyed as well. What does the term "home? mean for people who find themselves confronted daily with the simultaneous harshness and beauty of life in the Arctic Circle? And what does "home" mean for us? In their documentary, the filmmakers Martina Chamrad and Christoph Kirchner seek answers in Hammerfest, Norway, the northernmost city in the world. Basson has five days to make it to his father's funeral in Cape Town, but needs to complete certain tasks on this trip before he can call the family company his own. On the road he meets free-spirited bohemian girl, Amory. As they journey across the breathtaking landscape of South Africa, they meet wonderful characters that allow for hilarious moments and life-changing experiences. Their trip takes a sudden turn for the worst when a villainous figure makes an appearance. Basson and Amory are faced with disappointment and heartache. On the road called life, it is inevitable that you will take some wrong turns. But no matter how hard the road might be, on route to true love is where you will find your true north. Diop, whose Atlantiques and Big in Vietnam were both featured in Wavelengths, has made her most ambitious film yet with this documentary about Magaye Niang, the lead actor of Touki-Bouki, the 1972 classic made by the director's legendary filmmaker uncle Djibril Diop Mambety. Shot in Dakar and Alaska, Mille Soleils mystifies as it searches for an origin, its lineage and its transcendent deviations, flouting its own premise as fantasy merges with reality: the sad-eyed cattle herder who embodied the seminal role in Touki-Bouki forty years ago is now filled with longing for the vanished past and a future that was never meant to be. A film of haunting beauty, both sensuous and febrile, Mille Soleils is intimate and raw but also refreshingly quixotic, and confirms Mati Diop as a major cinematic talent. In 2007, when NBA referee Tim Donaghy got caught betting on games he worked, he said two men associated with the Gambino crime family - a bookie named Baba Battista and a drug dealer named Tommy Martino - threatened to kill his family if he didn't give them gambling picks. That's what Donaghy told the FBI, that's what he told 60 Minutes, and that's what he testified in court. But that's not what really happened. That's not even close. INSIDE GAME is the untold true story of one of the biggest scandals in sports history. Siblings Kate and Teddy try to prove Santa Claus is real, but when they accidentally cause his sleigh to crash, they have to save Christmas. "Immersion the movie" is a journey of what is surfing now. 7 years in the making, Immersion features some of surfing's greatest talents and personalities and takes you to some of the world's most isolated, notorious and picturesque surfing locations - Australia, Hawaii, Fiji, Tahiti.  This film captures mind-blowing swell events that made history and glue the viewer to its seat. You will travel following the footsteps of the film maker, Tim Bonython, and will embark on a memorable journey. Each sequence has a purpose and a story to tell.  Immersion is an intense sight and sound experience for surfing enthusiasts and ocean lovers of all tastes, generation and walks of live. When Claire Spencer starts hearing ghostly voices and seeing spooky images, she wonders if an otherworldly spirit is trying to contact her. All the while, her husband tries to reassure her by telling her it's all in her head. But as Claire investigates, she discovers that the man she loves might know more than he's letting on. The action-packed and captivating tale of Dee Renjie's beginnings in the Imperial police force. His very first case, investigating reports of a sea monster terrorizing the town, reveals a sinister conspiracy of treachery and betrayal, leading to the highest reaches of the Imperial family. This story of an unexpected encounter between a young boy and a wounded foreigner somewhere in the Romanian wilderness is a parable about the freedom of man in modern society. The villain of the story, the Shadow is back. After the Lion Max have stopped to get the powerful crystals Lion, the Shadow discovered the existence of even more powerful crystals, the crystals of Dinosaur, and will do everything to achieve. The hero of Hello, a friend Leena, the chameleon Tics and porcupine spikes, double humorous film, must travel to the past and try to prevent the crystals from falling into the hands of the dinosaur Shadow. The task proves to be even more difficult because the Shadow has a dangerous new ally: Queen Felina. The Shadow will persuade the Queen Feline traveling back in time through the magical portal of time, of which this is the key, and bring the three power crystals, which are guarded by a powerful or T-Rex, or by fierce Skyhunters or by secret Trispikes. The question is whether Max can conquer the past and thus save the future. When loser Marvin Mange is involved in a horrible car accident, he's brought back to life by a deranged scientist as half man and half animal. His newfound powers are awesome -- but their adverse side effects could take over his life. Now, Marvin must fight to control his crazy primal urges around his new squeeze, Rianna, and his rival, Sgt. Sisk, who both think he's one cool cat. A recent widow takes her two daughters Zoey and Max to the mountains to reconnect with nature and each other. The two sisters get lost in the Appalachian wilderness after their mother is mysteriously killed.  Three friends exploring an abandoned facility discover a device that holds information about the future. Upon finding the device, they must learn how to use it while also striving to keep it out of the wrong hands. Year 2122 (20 years after planetary cataclysm). The invention of the machine to control the weather, by the teacher and his disciple Shivata Hiroku, leads to the death of the teacher. Hiroku and his friend Joe must flee the city sealed Kane City, accused of the crime. With the support of a foreign patron, Nagual, Gaia Defenders created a multiracial group of young people from his headquarters under the Teide Corporation will face Kane directed by the tyrant to save the planet. When Kassie and her friends stumble across an old, broken pocket watch they begin an unexpected journey to unlock the secret of the legendary Garrison Gold. They'll have to solve riddles and follow clues to find the lost treasure. With the help of her faithful dog, Scoot and her gang of misfit friends, Kassie is about to go on the adventure of a lifetime!  - Written by BigK509 Visiting the charming lake town of Culver, a boy genius and his sister race against bullies to find a treasure hidden by an eccentric philanthropist. 12 year-old Adama lives in a remote village in West Africa, sheltered by the Cliffs. Out, beyond, lies "the land of breaths", the kingdom of wicked spirits hungry for war. When Samba, his elder brother, suddenly vanishes from the village, Adama decides to set off in search of him. Accompanied first by Abdou, a tragically lucid griot, then by Maximin, a street urchin who is his own negative twin, he crosses a Europe in the grip of war. We're in 1914. Borne by the energy of desperation and the poetry of childhood, Adama travels to the hell of the frontline in order to free his brother. Ultimately, Adama's love for his brother will open an unexpected way to his initiatory journey. A poetic look at the life and legacy of legendary author Philip K. Dick (1928-1982), who wrote over over a hundred short stories and 44 novels of mind-bending sci-fi, exploring themes of authority, drugs, theology, mental illness and much more. Kye is a prisoner of war caught between two armies that he doesn't believe in. When offered an opportunity for freedom, Kye sets out on one last rescue mission only to become stranded when his ship crash lands. Kye soon realises that the deadliest creature on the desert moon is himself. The comedy film sees TV Burp star Hill embark on a road trip to Blackpool with his Nan (Julie Walters) when he discovers that his hamster only has one week to live. A fatal plane crash changes the lives of Roman and Jake forever. Roman loses his wife and daughter in the accident, while Jake loses his mind--as he happens to be the air traffic controller who failed to avert the nightmare. Rage and revenge engulfs Roman and Jake finds himself swamped with guilt and regret. Six young ninjas are tasked with defending their island home of Ninjago. By night, they're gifted warriors using their skill and awesome fleet of vehicles to fight villains and monsters. By day, they're ordinary teens struggling against their greatest enemy....high school. When Banker Till (Axel Stein) is kidnapped during a bank robbery, he has the time of his life... This is the first film adaptation of the Ultraman Ginga TV series. It was released as a double-bill with Mega Monster Rush: Ultra Frontier - Dino-Tank Hunting. Chronologically it takes place between Episode 6 & 7 of the Ultraman Ginga TV show. The Shamer's daughter, Dina, has unwillingly inherited her mother's supernatural ability. She can look straight into the soul of other people. When the sole heir to the throne is wrongfully accused of the horrible murders of his family, it is up to Dina to uncover the truth, but soon she finds herself whirled into a dangerous power struggle with her own life at risk. Theo, not the most popular boy at his school, dreams of escaping the dreary everyday life, experiencing adventure and accomplishing great heroic deeds. His dream seems to be fulfilled when, one day, he finds a very old and magical book in the library and fascinates him with a short hand. He forges the plan to forge a ring with his best friend Bonav and the rebellious Laura, who can make him invisible. The charm succeeds, but the three friends conjure up all sorts of dangers of magical, but also secular nature. Only the mysterious red wizard Arkandias can now help you out of trouble. The three protagonists play, eat and argue together. In this, at least, they are no different from other boys their age. But they are different in one crucial way, because nine-year-old Daniel and Habtom and Yohannes, both aged 12, live on the street, sleeping in an abandoned car on the side of the road. Without money or any form of adult support, they struggle to survive in Addis Ababa, the capital of Ethiopia. And there are around 270,000 other street kids like them. The film records the three boys' daily lives without being overly sentimental. A Communist officer falls hard for a married woman trying to escape from Hungary. A story about a Tongan hunter named, Flying Fox, who is instructed to set out on a journey by his village chief, Singing Whale , to learn about his strengths as a man. During his journey he meets two warring villages and attempts to mediate their differences. Flying Fox applies the lessons he learned on his journey when he returns to his home village to find trouble. Renowned writer F. Scott Fitzgerald is living the last months of his life with his youthful secretary, confidant, and protege who later wrote a memoir of their time together.  RS and Chico bring their friend Fabio to a clinic to help with his paranoia. Along the way, they meet three beautiful young women who change the course of their lives. Four divers are stuck deep underwater in a vessel after a freak storm destroys their ship. Will they survive? Two twins separated at birth grow up to be artists in an eccentric Icelandic film, that just like a science fiction film asks the question: 'What if ...?' Vacationing on historic Nantucket Island, a teenage mystery writer and her friends must outwit two scheming thieves to solve the secret behind a legendary ghost story. Ever since the world was born, two forces have been locked in perpetual battle. Their struggle is so Manichean, so ferocious, so Herculean that it makes the clash between good and evil look like a game of checkers! This ancestral duel is so ancient and so merciless that it can only be, Oggy against the Cockroaches! Written by Jiilo_Kim A chief mechanic at a factory, haunted by apocalyptic nightmares, becomes a hero when Earth is invaded by a mysterious army bent on destruction. In a distant galaxy three escaped female convicts crash land on a primitive world inhabited by a race of warlike apes. They fight for survival as the humanoid apes fight for their possession, body and soul. A daring escape is their only way out. Hot on their heels are the blood lusting gorillas and a prison warden bent on their return to the prison ship they escaped from. Treachery, alliances and battle await the fighting factions. Who will survive on a planet where apes rule and humans are only breeding stock. The star of the hit series, The Haunting of Sunshine Girl, Sunshine embarks on a new adventure with her best pal, Nolan and a new sidekick Andrew. They head to Portland, Oregon in search of her favorite urban legend, Black Eyed Kids. Here they meet several witnesses who have seen BEK. This is a whole new adventure for the group and far from her normal ghostly adventures. Little does she know the BEK world is far more dangerous and evil than any of them could imagine. Will she make it out alive? When a young girl finds out that, due to her existence, her seven brothers are struck by a curse and have to live their lives as ravens, she goes out in a quest to find them. Considered to be the first German feature length stop motion film. While visiting an aunt and uncle in the exotic countryside of Costa Rica, a young southern belle from Alabama accepted a ride on the back of a motorcycle belonging to a local charismatic farmer -- a ride that would propel her down narrow mountain roads and into history.  First Lady of the Revolution is the remarkable story of Henrietta Boggs, who fell in love with a foreign land and the man destined to transform its identity. Her marriage to Jose 'Don Pepe' Figueres in 1941 led to a decade-long journey through activism, exile and political upheaval and, ultimately, lasting progressive reforms.  First Lady of the Revolution is not only a depiction of the momentous struggle to shape Costa Rica's democratic identity; it's also a portrayal of how a courageous woman escaped the confines of a traditional, sheltered existence to expand her horizons into a new world, and live a life she never imagined. Following the events of Volume 1,  the mutated glee club continue their violent rampage in Tromaville. Chrissy and Lauren, two innocent lesbian lovers, must fight not only the Cretins, mutants, and monsters but also the evil Tromorganic Foodstuffs Conglomerate. Can they, and Kevin the Wonder Duck, save Tromaville High School and the world? A man-cub named Mowgli fostered by wolves. After a threat from the tiger Shere Khan, Mowgli is forced to flee the jungle, by which he embarks on a journey of self discovery with the help of the panther, Bagheera and the free-spirited bear, Baloo. HIGH AND HALLOWED: EVEREST 1963 is the deeper story of the greatest Himalayan climb in American mountaineering history.  Profiling the bold and visionary efforts of the 1963 American Mount Everest Expedition, the film examines the sheer commitment, step-by-step struggle and lasting impact of the first American ascent of Mt. Everest and the pioneering first ascent of the West Ridge.  Five decades later, HIGH AND HALLOWED: EVEREST 1963 journeys back to Everest to discover if the essence of risk, adventure and the unknown that drew the first Americans to the summit still exists on Everest today. A dog who saved lifes all around the world. Comedy inspired by paperback crime novels tells the story of an adventurous search for a mysterious murderer who just after the end of the First World War has begun a rampage in Wilson City, a jerkwater town somewhere in Eastern Europe. The investigation is being led by an inhomogeneous pair of detectives - a greenhorn and local police cadet named Eisner and an experienced FBI officer Food, who has been sent to Europe by US President Woodrow Wilson himself.  A grieving doctor is being contacted by his late wife through his patients near death experiences. Wolves make the best parents. Rick Rainsford is trapped on a deserted island with his reluctant companion, Anna. While attempting to save another gravely injured survivor they find themselves hunted by Zaroff. Homer's Odyssey meets King of Kong as two uber geeks try to collect all 700+ Nintendo Entertainment System cartridges in 30 days, WITHOUT the aid of online purchasing. Henry, a newly resurrected cyborg who must save his wife/creator from the clutches of a psychotic tyrant with telekinetic powers, AKAN, and his army of mercenaries. Fighting alongside Henry is Jimmy, who is Henry's only hope to make it through the day. Hardcore takes place over the course of one day, in Moscow, Russia. Based on the bestselling novel by Michael Ende (The Neverending Story), this epic fantasy adventure follows a young orphan boy JIM BUTTON, his best friend LUKE and a magical steam engine called EMMA as they travel across the world in search of the truth about where Jim came from. Battling pirates and dragons, outsmarting make-believe giants, they must travel through the Forest of a Thousand Wonders, beyond the End of the World to find the hidden Dragon City. In their third cinema adventure the Famous Five are searching for a pirate treasure... When her family goes bankrupt, privileged city girl Jen Stone travels to the country to try and fix up a struggling pumpkin farm that her father bought as an investment to get her money back. Not everyone is on board with her changes, least of all Brett, the farm's handsome manager. By working with what she knows best, she discovers the magic of pumpkin skincare and turns the struggling farm around while also falling in love. In a powerful story about teamwork, acceptance and finding one's calling, little Raven and his friends take part in an exciting and tumultuous race through the forest. The peaceful order of the Sisters of No Mercy are forced to avenge the murder of one of their own when an evil priest and his co-hort 'Saint' Theresa use the order as a cover for drugs and prostitution. Sisters of No Mercy spoofs nunsploitation movies while melding movie making techniques with modern socio-political overtones and Internet found footage to create a viewing experience of meta-awareness.  Sisters of No Mercy chronicles our madcap adventures as we try and nurture and develop the community needed to sustain our independent theatres and video stores here in Chicago. It's also an introduction to a little-known sub-genre of exploitation cinema called Nunsploitation. Sex! Violence! Nuns! For his past to be concealed, he must first face his darkest enemy - himself A Super Computer plans world domination with the help of Robbie the robot and a 10 year old boy who is the son the computer's inventor. A grief stricken captain embarks on his final mission in command of an ageing cargo ship. The ship's small crew, frustrated and discontent with their lives in deep space try to complete a successful mission, but the ship has ideas of it's own. Soon, an 'accident' onboard forces a diversion to Somnus, a derelict asteroid station in a forgotten sector of the solar system. They soon discover the colony is populated by a mysterious and sinister cult, hell-bent on dark plans for Earth. The crew's hope of sanctuary on Somnus soon turns to peril, as they fight for their own survival against the colonists, and humanity's ultimate fate. Terrifying truths about the end of life on Earth soon force the captain to face up to his personal torment leading to a climatic and exciting conclusion. A young woman named Wren finds herself lost in the desert after she and her two druggy friends flip their jeep in a remote part of Mexico. In their attempt to reach the nearest town by way of the desert, a symbolic journey unfolds as Wren begins to hallucinate, envisioning Death is stalking her in various forms: as a demon and an enchantress. One year after the classic Dickens' A Christmas Carol Ebenezer Scrooge finds himself on a new journey. Once again he is visited by Jacob Marley. This time Scrooge is sent on an adventure which takes him into the life of Timothy Cratchit the VI, the great, great, great grandson of Bob Cratchit. Los Flamencos is a comedy about death. Starring Herwig Illegems, Peter Van den Eede and Mark Verstraeten. When a farmer's wife is brutally murdered by the ruthless bandit Bobby Durango and his gang of killers, Billy Rogers goes back to his old gun and starts to hunt them one by one. During the final weeks of a presidential race, the President is accused of sexual misconduct. To distract the public until the election, the President's adviser hires a Hollywood producer to help him stage a fake war. Looking for any way to get away from the life and town he was born into, Tripp, a high school senior, builds a Monster Truck from bits and pieces of scrapped cars. After an accident at a nearby oil-drilling site displaces a strange and subterranean creature with a taste and a talent for speed, Tripp may have just found the key to getting out of town and a most unlikely friend. Despite the signing of the Paris Peace Accords and the withdrawal of 540,000 U.S. troops in 1973, the America government kept funding South Vietnamese forces and their war against North Vietnam and Viet Cong spread across the country. Against this backdrop, Japanese businessman Toshio Sugimoto (Yusuke Kawazu) enjoys a leisurely existence, buying seafood in the relatively safe climate of Saigon. After accidentally killing a Vietnamese, his entire existence falls apart. Suddenly stripped of all privileges -- from no. 1 to no. 10 -- as well as having to put order in his love affair with the beautiful club singer Lan (Lan Tanh) and falling into the Saigon underworld, one mistake at a time, Sugimoto goes into hiding. But soon, hiding isn't enough. He must flee across a war-torn Vietnam, taking his lover Lan and newfound ally Taro (Kenji Isomura), son of an ex-Japanese soldier and a Vietnamese woman, along for the bumpy ride. Approaching forty, Ferro is unsatisfied with his life as a construction worker and part-time boxing instructor in Los Angeles, CA. After a successful bout with a young pro boxer, Ferro decides to don the gloves one last time. The movie recounts his unlikely quest for Olympic gold. Tod is an unemployed musician and Lydia is pregnant. They used to date each other and with a wedding as the reason, Tod and Lydia take a trip from South Dakota to Indiana. The trip is filled with detours, interesting strangers, and a physical injury that results in an eye patch. A devoted couple and their dog set out to hike the Appalachian Trail. Where does it take them and what challenges will they face? Equipped with two cameras; one fastened to the dog's backpack, and the other strapped to the film maker's chest, this film is a unique blend of a couple's commitment to nature, a six-and-a-half month journey, and capturing every exciting moment along the way to provide entertainment and inspiration for others. It's no easy task to hike one of the Earth's oldest mountain ranges, let alone with the the appropriate camera gear on a minimal budget. Sure to capture the hearts of hiker enthusiasts and dog lovers alike. Watch as they traverse through mountains and embrace the support of the trail community.  As a traveler searches for a place called Confidence, he keeps running into other versions of himself. If the scorpion could see and the viper could hear, there would be no escape". The viper is deaf and the scorpion can't see, so it is and so shall be, the same way the countryside is peaceful and the city bustling and the human being impossible to satisfy. Lacrau demands the return "to the curve where man got lost" in a journey from the city towards nature. The escape from chaos and emotional void we call progress; matter without spirit, without will. The search for the most ancient sensations and relationships of mankind. The amazement, the fear of the unknown, the loss of basic comforts, loneliness, the meeting with the other, the other animal, the other vegetable. A dive looking for a connection with the world. Where beginning and end are the same, but I am not. The Second Republic has fallen miserably. Simon Bolivar arrives to Jamaica without money or friends, seeking help from other nations to free Venezuela. When Ricky Miller, a single, quiet 40-year old aspiring writer and manager of Debbie's (think Denny's) and probably the last person you'd notice in a crowd is 'hit by lightning' and meets the love of his life, the beautiful Danita on E-Happily.com, he is catapulted into a relationship online but it's a lot more than what he bargained for - this includes being asked to kill! Hounded by his best friend Seth who thinks no "10" would even go out with a guy like Ricky unless she had ulterior motives (or needed glasses), Ricky starts to get skeptical himself. Turns out, Danita confesses she's actually married to a handsome affable crime novelist and former Rabbi, Ben Jacobs. Is Danita telling Ricky the truth when she says wants to leave her husband but fears for her life if she does? Will Ricky go through with the plan to kill him so he and Danita can live happily ever after? This hilarious, grotesque, and unique adult animated feature chronicles visual artists Seth Scriver and Shayne Ehman's trans-Canadian road trip as they encounter dull violence, rampant consumerism and unbridled eccentricity in small towns all over this wide, weird country. In 2010, four of the greatest undefeated mountain runners on earth toed the starting line at the Western States 100-mile endurance run, the oldest and most prestigious 100-mile foot race in the world.  'Unbreakable: The Western States 100' follows the four lead men on this amazing journey. Hal Koerner, two time defending Western States champion, and running store entrepreneur from Ashland, Oregon. Geoff Roes, undefeated at the 100-mile distance, an organic chef from Juneau, Alaska. Anton Krupicka, undefeated in every ultramarathon he has ever started, a graduate student living in Boulder, Colorado. Kilian Jornet, the young mountain runner and two time Ultra-trail du Mont-Blanc champion, from Spain. A group of passionate young environmentalists spend 100 days in the jungles of Borneo in effort to save the rainforests and its endangered orangutans in this Australian documentary... Two young cameramen are asked to film a Mount Everest expedition by German mountaineer Thomas Weber; a man wishing to climb Everest, in spite of his visual handicap. For cameramen Milan Collin and Kevin Augello this is a dream come true. They accept the challenge with full excitement In the first weeks Milan and Kevin are confronted with their own physical limitations. Are they capable of climbing this mountain? Surrounded by people who are prepared to die for their dream, giving up is not an option. They are confronted with accidents and death. In the isolated environment Milan and Kevin turn the camera on each other. This film is a personal story of two men confronted with the harsh and extreme conditions high up on the mountain. Full-length documentary about the story of John Penton. An American icon and motorcycle pioneer who along with his family and a band of loyal followers, changed off-road motorcycling forever. One year after outwitting the FBI and winning the public's adulation with their mind-bending spectacles, the Four Horsemen resurface only to find themselves face to face with a new enemy who enlists them to pull off their most dangerous heist yet. 1896, Montmartre: the Can-Can, the dance in which the women lift their skirts, is forbidden. Nevertheless Simone has it performed every day in her night club. Her employees use their female charm to let the representatives of law enforcement look the other way - or even attend the shows. But then the young ambitious judge Philippe Forrestier decides to bring this to an end. Will Simone manage to twist him round her little finger, too? Her boyfriend Francois certainly doesn't like to watch her trying. When Belinda heads back to her hometown for the holidays, things get complicated when she is forced to team up with her ex at the town's annual Christmas scavenger hunt. Animated retelling of the classic Hans Christian Andersen fable, directed by Martin Gates and featuring the voices of Helen Mirren, David Jason and Rik Mayall. Far away, in her vast ice palace, the Snow Queen plots to rule the world by deflecting all the sun's warmth away from Earth so that it freezes over. But her mirror breaks, and on her mission to find all the missing pieces, she kidnaps Tom, who has part of the mirror in his body. Can his sister Ellie save Tom, and stop the evil Queen from acheiving global dominance? The world is cloaked in winter. Christian Adkins is a Renegade soldier longing for peace and the son of the famed Liberator. Jen is an orphaned nurse desperately trying to save children. When the two soul mates are trapped together at the end of World War III, their lives are forever entwined. Hoping to find proof of the paranormal, five film students set out to document the legendary Copper Queen Hospital. But as the sun goes down, they experience something far worse than they ever could have imagined and they find themselves pursued by a blood thirsty maniac Deep in the wilds of Southern Appalachia, lifelong moonshiner Popcorn Sutton runs 1 last batch of accurate moonshine whiskey. By means of the exhausting work of clearing the site, building a rock and clay furnace, brewing corn mash and producing high-proof moonshine, Sutton reveals the craft of standard distillation, the character of his Scots-Irish ancestors, and a lifetime of memories in the trade. From MGA Entertainment, the creators of Lalaloopsy, comes an enchanted movie adventure. Sheltered in the land of Eternal Daylight, Princess Dawn dreams of a world beyond the palace. Certain the forbidden Night World holds the key to her past, Dawn embarks on a mystical moonlit adventure and discovers that the two worlds were divided by an evil sorceress. When Mats stumbles upon a pair of pants containing an unlimited amount of money, everything changes. Now he can buy everything he ever wanted, not knowing that powerful forces are tracking him down. The boy with the golden pants is an adventure film based on the Swedish classical bestseller by Max Lundgren. A group of cyclists challenge each other to ride bicycles to work during the cold, dark, and snowy Colorado winter. Uganda's Idi Amin and Tanzania's Julius Nyerere were bitter enemies who went to war in 1978. Today, the dictator Amin is reviled as the 'Butcher of Uganda', while the socialist Nyerere is revered as the 'Founding Father of Tanzania.' Nyerere's army forced Amin and his family into exile in 1979, ending Idi Amin's blood soaked regime. In SONS OF AFRICA, the two leaders' sons attempt to climb Kilimanjaro, Africa's highest mountain, on a journey of peace and reconciliation. Two brothers return to a small mountain town in search of their long lost parents only to discover that the place has a monstrous taste for tourists. Gone Doggy Gone is a comedic feature about a couple stuck in a lack-luster marriage who treat their dog like a baby. Working the grind in LA they leave little time for each other, and what free time they have they spend doting on the dog... until it gets kidnapped. What ensues is an outlandish cat-and-mouse adventure as they hunt down the kidnapper, enlist a schlubby PI, find a renewed love of each other, and conquer their fear of parenthood. At the NFL Draft, general manager Sonny Weaver has the opportunity to rebuild his team when he trades for the number one pick. He must decide what he's willing to sacrifice on a life-changing day for a few hundred young men with NFL dreams. An alien creature stalks human prey.  Five friends from Goa get lost during a journey to discover the lot of the childhood sweetheart of an old postman. Few years ago Sergey from Krasnodar, Russia created a  YouTube channel. He documents his different moods with the small camera, shares his online notes, mainly when he is visiting his country cottage area. 15 years ago, the Super Task Force Six were shut down in secret by The evil Emperor Zagel. Since then, he has been working on a super weapon powered by all six armors. When a former Enforcer realizes this plan, he risks his life to steal Unit Green and passes it off to a completely unprepared Jason. Can Jason keep Unit Green out of Zagel's clutches? If the Super Task Force Six couldn't beat Zagel, what hope is there for the Super Task Force ONE? Walter du Toit is the secret agent known "Agent 2000". He is hired to find the bully terrorizing the school, known only as the Laksman (The Executioner). Before he unmask his foe he finds friendship and the girl of his dreams. BELLE is inspired by the true story of Dido Elizabeth Belle, the illegitimate mixed race daughter of a Royal Navy Admiral. Raised by her aristocratic great-uncle Lord Mansfield and his wife, Belle's lineage affords her certain privileges, yet the color of her skin prevents her from fully participating in the traditions of her social standing. Left to wonder if she will ever find love, Belle falls for an idealistic young vicar's son bent on change who, with her help, shapes Lord Mansfield's role as Lord Chief Justice to end slavery in England DIE EXPATS explores love, loss and lust, identity and modern relationships. It is a story of four people in search of reclaiming a sense of self while navigating the knotted, overlapping space they occupy. When said space begins closing in around them, they realize the only way to get out, and not be squashed by it, is to examine their own intentions, and be willing to let go of the past, and each other. The saying goes, people come to Berlin to find what they want; but for this group, Berlin is the bearer of disillusionment. Perhaps in finding out what they don't want, Vivian, Nate, Sienna and Andreas finally uncover what it is they each truly need. An Alaskan mother and her ten year old son sell everything to travel the world for a year. Thunder, an abandoned young cat seeking shelter from a storm, stumbles into the strangest house imaginable, owned by an old magician and inhabited by a dazzling array of automatons and gizmos. Not everyone welcomes the new addition to the troupe as Jack Rabbit and Maggie Mouse plot to evict Thunder. The situation gets worse when the magician lands in hospital and his scheming nephew sees his chance to cash in by selling the mansion. Our young hero is determined to earn his place and so he enlists the help of some wacky magician's assistants to protect his magical new home. This documentary film focuses on the animal life that survives in this harsh arctic climates at the edge of the ice - from the simple algae to narwhals, polar bears, sea birds, seals, whales and walruses. Gabriel tells the story of an archangel who fights to bring light back to purgatory - a place where darkness rules - and save the souls of the city's inhabitants. Under Franco s regime in Spain, hundreds of political prisoners are sentenced to a terrible death. In the attempt to save them, some militants get together and organize themselves in Toulouse, France. Forty years later the limitation period is passed and the director, who grew up in the secret of this adventure, take this opportunity to let members of his family and other former members of the G.A.R.I (Revolutionary Internationalist Action Groups) tell their story. They tell us about these times, when they kidnapped the banker Suarez to demand their comrades freedom, about their actions to fight against dictatorship and the consequences of their acts. When another Mega Shark returns from the depths of the sea, world militaries go on high alert. Ocean traffic grinds to a standstill as everyone lives in fear of the insatiable beast. Out of options, the US government unleashes the top secret Mecha Shark project -- a mechanical shark built to have the same exact characteristics as Mega. A pair of scientists pilot the mechanical creature as they fight Mega in a pitched battle to save the planet. But when faulty mechanics cause the Mecha to go after humans, the scientists must somehow guide Mega to Mecha in hopes that the two titans will kill each other - or risk untold worldwide destruction.  A parable on the moribund human bonds in a fast-paced world, which is a warning that poignantly highlights the futility of life and death. One of Shakespeare's greatest plays, The Winter's Tale, though written at the same period as The Tempest, smashes all the rules that The Tempest follows. Unity of time, place and action are hurled aside as we range across Europe, from court to country, from high tragedy to low comedy, across a time span of sixteen years.  The Winter's Tale tells of a delusional and paranoid king who tears his family apart. But this is the new Shakespeare, after he completed his great tragedies, and the tough struggle for redemption yields flickers of hope. Initial darkness gives way to joy as Time leads the characters to a shattering conclusion... The Old, the Young &amp; the Sea is a vivid documentary road movie about the people and lifestyles of the "European Leg" - the classic European surfing route along the Atlantic coast. A dramedy centering on Marz, a young twenty-something sorting her life out while teaching drama to young students and performing in a long-form improv troupe in Los Angeles. She finds herself on a road trip, reconnecting with those she cares about most. Victor Sluzhkin signs on as a teacher of geography in a secondary school in his native Perm (in the Urals) and gets lost in a haze of hard vodka, desperate love for a nymphet-like student and the stress of educating teenagers. Geographer, as the students immediately dub Sluzhkin, attempts to escape from the grueling, dull, stultifying reality of Russia's provincial life in a rafting tour to the Urals. Accompanied by wild, adventure-seeking adolescents, faced with the numerous grim surprises of the nature, Geographer is poised to find himself and his own truth. Two gay surfers embark on a global journey to uncover the taboo of homosexuality in surfing. They become part of an emerging community prepared to step out of the shadows of secrecy and create a more open and accepting surfing culture. Frances, a salesgirl, is planning a summer vacation at the beach with a girlfriend, who also works at her store. Just as she is getting ready to leave home, Dave, a handsome young plumber, arrives to repair a leaky faucet. Her vacation turns into a bust when it rains at the beach, but a hunky lifeguard shows up to brighten her day. Then, of all people, Dave the plumber shows up, too. Complications ensue. At the height of the Cold War, Russia was working on a secret scientific mission, which, if successful, would have changed the course of history. The mission, "Project 12," was ultimately deemed too dangerous to continue and the scientists involved were to be exterminated. Three scientists escaped and Project 12 was sealed in a well-guarded bunker, never to be seen again...until now.  The lead scientist for Project 12 has now become the target of a worldwide manhunt, as he is the lone survivor of the Project 12 team and is the only man who knows the secrets that have been buried in the bunker. What secret does he possess, and who is financing the operation to bring Project 12 back to life and what is their hidden agenda  A lone sheriff and a visiting environmental consultant race to solve the mystery that haunts the valleys of Brada County. Love Me follows Western men and Ukrainian women as they embark on an unpredictable and riveting journey in search of love through the modern "mail-order bride" industry.  Adventure - A heartfelt story of an estranged brother and sister who must put aside their differences in order to solve an elaborate treasure hunt, left for them in the will of their eccentric father. A man wakes on the ceiling of his bedroom and breaks a lamp to alert his wife to his predicament. She puts on her heavy boots, unstraps herself out of her bed and uses a hook on a pole to drag him back down. The next day he goes to his job where he works as a deodorant tester, sniffing the armpits of exercising test subjects. On this day though, he faces an event that will change his life forever. The Canadian Coast Range is a humbling place. The range dwarfs both exceptionally large human beings and egos with its foreboding size. Norseman Productions follows Dave Treadway and Henrik Windstedt as they push into the range on snowmobiles in pursuit of big lines the Coast Range is never short of. A Manic depressive artist survives a suicidal fall only to be possessed by a murdered gangster, who uses the artist to seek vengeance on those that ended his life. In the Ottoman province of Hijaz during World War I, a young Bedouin boy experiences a greatly hastened coming of age as he embarks on a perilous desert journey to guide a British officer to his secret destination. The amazing true story of Frederic Bourdin, who after having plundered all the centers for runaway minors and deliquents in Europe, even thought he has come of age, now passes himself off as Nicholas Barclay, a 13-year-old American who had vanished three years ago. To his astonishment, Nicholas's family welcomes him like their son, leaving Interpol and the FBI aghast. It is the beginning of a race against time for the investigators, family and Bourdin. But who is manipulating whom? And who is Frederic Bourdin in reality? In the winter of 2117, a runaway vehicle crashes into the Public Safety Bureau Building. The driver is identified as Izumi Yasaka, a psychological counselor at the Sanctuary, a Latent Criminal Isolation Facility in Aomori Prefecture. But right before her interrogation, Enforcer Mika Shimotsuki and Inspector Nobuchika Ginoza are tasked with promptly escorting Yasaka back to Aomori. What awaits them there is a False Paradise. The film version of 'Till Death Do Us Part'  tells the story of Alf Garnett, his wife Else, and their newborn daughter Rita, living through the London Blitz and beyond. Four young friends play hooky from class, and get locked in the school basement by the class snitch. Deep space, at the edge of the galaxy. The future. A new prisoner arrives on top security prison ship and psychiatric research unit Dante 01. Sole survivor of an encounter with an alien force beyond imagining, Saint Georges is a man possessed by inner demons, caught up in the battle to control the monstrous power within him. It's a power that will infect the other highly dangerous occupants of Dante 01, gaolors and prisoners alike, unleashing a violent rebellion that turns this terrifying, labyrinthine world upside down. In the otherworldly hell of the ship's depths, through danger and redemption, each must journey to his very limits... each must confront his own Dragon. A compelling human drama about the growing social problems and public responsibilities regarding the welfare and ethical treatment of neglected dogs and cats at animal shelters.  The story is told through the eyes of tormented vets who are relentless in their efforts to change the system to serve these animals with dignity. Due to climate change a new race of flesh eating predators arise, who invade and eat everything living on earth. In a residential neighbourhood in a Danish suburb nightmare like scenes are being experienced first hand through the eyes of two teenage brothers, who can't stand each other, but are now suddenly forced to barricade themselves in the basement together, to avoid getting eaten. From one day to another, without parents and without electricity, food, water and contact to other people, the brothers have to learn to live together in their vital protection bunker, while monsters move past the basement windows and heavy, sharp claws can be heard moving around upstairs on the wooden floors. "Bull" McCabe's family has farmed a field for generations, sacrificing much in the name of the land. When the widow who owns the field decides to sell it in a public auction, McCabe knows that he must own it. While no local dare bid against him, a wealthy American decides he requires the field to build a highway. "Bull" and his son decide they must try to convince the American to let go of his ambition and return home, but the consequences of their plot prove sinister. Cuco, a mexican parrot, goes on an adventure from Mexico to Hollywood in order to get help from El Americano, a famous superhero from TV, against an evil band of birds trying to take control of his family's beloved circus. Starcache is a new high tech treasure hunt game along the lines of geocaching, but with a twist. The founder of this game known as "Starcache" is Jack Keaton, an ex-military Captain, has made his game interesting with a 1 million dollar cache waiting to be found and claimed! But what starts out to be an ordinary caching event becomes a quest to stay alive. Renato Zucchelli is the last travelling shepherd left in a metropolis, and he has a dream: to lead his flock of sheep to the inaccessible city center to meet the children who have never seen him, showing them that dreams and freedom will always exist as long as there is still space to believe in a last shepherd who conquered back his city together with only his sheeps and the power of imagination. Suffering because of his father's departure to the big city, a boy leaves his village and discovers a fantastic world dominated by bug-engines and strange beings. An unusual animation with various artistic techniques that portrays the issues of the modern world through the eyes of a child. In 1926, Newt Scamander arrives at the Magical Congress of the United States of America with a magically expanded briefcase, which houses a number of dangerous creatures and their habitats. When the creatures escape from the briefcase, it sends the American wizarding authorities after Newt, and threatens to strain even further the state of magical and non-magical relations. A nervous, twelve-year-old Clint is having trouble enjoying his first date with Sally. For weeks, he has been practicing for his first kiss and now, the moment is almost upon him. He must make the right move or live a life of regrets and a missed opportunity. Down on his luck, a sophisticated ladies man agrees to take an unusual assignment escorting an older academic for an evening out. The night takes an unexpected turn as the two learn something about women they never knew. Three friends meeting on their reunion are being drawn into a bet to prove the presence of ghosts by a rich schoolmate unexpectedly, leading them to a journey to five different places around the world suspected to be haunted. Forest Scientist Sonia is thrown between an international mafia gang and multinational energy enterprises as she secretly conducts research in a restricted area in the Canadian wilderness. With two disgraced police officers she unravels a worldwide conspiracy. Sonia's curiosity comes at a price. She loses everything and has to decide whether to run and hide, or to get even with her seemingly invincible opponents, turns Sonia into an avenger to find the last piece of the missing puzzle. A NASA Arctic expedition designed to be the first Martian road trip on Earth becomes an epic two-year odyssey of human adventure and survival. A young scientist's experiment goes awry when he creates a monster from a radioactive isotope and finds that the creature consumes energy to grow in size and terrorize the nearby town. This film tells the story of the efforts of the first Canadian to attempt to fly a human powered heavier than air aircraft One summer morning, 12-year-old Arnold Hillerman and his 17-year-old brother Eugene wake at dawn on their family's Montana farm. In a nearby pasture, Arnold's gun fires accidentally. His brother is killed instantly. Isolated by emotions he can't comprehend, Arnold must now come to terms with his grieving family - including his angry father, his frightened mother, his antagonistic uncle and his gentle, straight-talking grandfather  - while his family must come to terms with Arnold. Harikrishnan is a geeky software professional who suffers from an obsessive compulsive disorder. A harthal day sees him travelling to Trivandrum for a conference, and in the midst of the night, he ends up at Paravur railway station with two strangers - Gopalan  a veteran politician and Narayani a social worker - for company. The season turns to autumn. The fight of the protagonist and his group S.E.E.S. with the strange monsters called 'Shadows' is getting closer to the end. Makoto and his allies engage in life-or-death battles with Shadows in order to end the Dark Hour. Through the battles, some must face the deaths of friends and family, some must notice what precious things must be protected, and some must find meaning in the battles that have occurred.  In front of Makoto, the mysterious transfer student Ryouji Mochizuki appears. When the group greets a new morning, the gears of fate begin to turn. A fight revolving around each of the heroes' bonds begins... The strongest Hunters that once existed in the Hunters Association were split into "light" and "dark", and each walked down their respective paths. The "dark" side begins moving in order to massacre all Hunters! What actions will Gon take when the many crimes of Netero and the Hunters Association are unveiled...?! Ghost Mountaineer is a feature film with some hints of horror, based on actual events in Siberia back in Soviet times. A group of Estonian students on a winter hiking trip suddenly find themselves in the middle of bloodcurdling events in a Buryatian village.  Olle, a closed off group leader disappointed in his mates, disappears in the mountains in the last day of the trip. Open-minded and adventurous Eero and the rest of the hikers are facing a situation they at first do not want to, but later can not solve. But no one is prepared for devastation seemingly conducted by the vanished group leader Olle.  In strange country and amidst strange people, the group will soon find out that past actions and vengeance do not know the thin line between life and death. A young gymnast battles a group of bank robbers at the home of her boyfriend. Marika Katou, a third year student at Hakuho Girls' Academy, is a legitimate space pirate with a Letter of Marque. Between her studies, leading her school's space yacht club, working part time at Cafe Lamp, and being the captain of the space pirate ship Bentenmaru, Marika's days are very busy. One day, Marika gets a job to rob a high-class passenger ship, and she discovers that on the passenger list is Kanata Mugen, a boy who owns a "galaxy pass". Thus, an adventure featuring a hyperspace race between pirates and one young boy begins. The court horse Gaius Julius Caesar to his misfortune overhears boyars and learns about a conspiracy against the prince. What to do? Protect a prince no one! Heroes away - catch a robber Potanyu, Dragon on vacation, the army on maneuvers ... But if the bad guys are going to take over the world, to someone it is necessary to save him? Who is he, a hero who will come to the rescue? Of course, the horse Julius! This Strategy and the "grand strategist". He would save all, but if you do not save, then at least try. Most importantly, to the rescue of the world did not turn a complete disaster. In the Old West, a 17-year-old Scottish boy teams up with a mysterious gunman to find the woman with whom he is infatuated. In 2013, Hive started planning a sequel, "MGS Philanthropy - Part 2". The project, unfortunately, in October 2014 came to a halt due to licensing issues. A piece of the project survived, though; "The Land Where Truth Was Born", a scene from MGSP2 which was originally conceived as a tool to promote a Indiegogo campaign for funding the completion of the whole movie, is now available as a 12 minutes short film. The year is 1879. Gunfighters from the far reaches of the globe descend on Religion, AZ to compete in a legendary poker tournament. Drawn by the gold prize, the players come to realize that in this game, their very souls are at stake. The story of Wings of Steel is part legend and part myth. The first ascent team spent 39 days climbing the controversial route. The result - death threats, physical assaults and a slander campaign that polarized the climbing community for over 30 years. After 5 years of calm, these foul-mouthed rappers returned with the release of their 6th album To The 5 Boroughs, the most eagerly anticipated new record of the year so far. This documentary includes exclusive and previously unseen film footage and in-depth interviews with the band and those that have worked closely with the Beastie Boys during their career, including close friends, colleagues, journalists, producers and musicians. The story of a young boy so obsessed with placing pennies on the railroad tracks that it's in fact tearing his family apart. Soon he meets a hobo which changes his life forever. a short film based around the idea of acceptance through a fictional story about the Sargon of Akkad. In a near future, after a global war has destroyed civilization, pirate gangs attack and loot surviving people. Persona Non Grata in his homeland, protest singer Klaus Drittemann must leave East Berlin, his wife and child and emigrate to West Berlin, where the representatives of an American record company are eagerly waiting for him. They plan to exploit his defection from communism both ideologically and financially. But Klaus, as ill-at-ease in the West as he was in the East, is reluctant to be used as an expendable commodity. Leaving his contract unsigned (or signed in his manner), he leaves for Cambridge to meet his father, a concert player, who -just like him - left East Berlin thirty years ago as Klaus was a little boy. He is accompanied by a young French journalist, Emma, who knows where his father has been living since he disappeared for more than a decade. The young lady is cooperative but might hide things from him... A Buddhist Hobo, trapped inside a video game, must journey through psychotic realms of existence in order to reverse his karma, achieve enlightenment, and save the Princess. The 1960s was an extraordinary time for the United States. Unburdened by post-war reparations, Americans were preoccupied with other developments like NASA, the game-changing space programme that put Neil Armstrong on the moon. Yet it was astronauts like Eugene Cernan who paved the uneven, perilous path to lunar exploration. A test pilot who lived to court danger, he was recruited along with 14 other men in a secretive process that saw them become the closest of friends and adversaries. In this intensely competitive environment, Cernan was one of only three men who was sent twice to the moon, with his second trip also being NASA's final lunar mission. As he looks back at what he loved and lost during the eight years in Houston, an incomparably eventful life emerges into view. Director Mark Craig crafts a quietly epic biography that combines the rare insight of the surviving former astronauts with archival footage and otherworldly moonscapes. Documents the never before captured process of the journey of a colored gemstone from mine to market while exploring the challenges of an emerging mining economy in East Africa. Following WW II, a U.S. army officer stationed in West Germany is assigned with keeping classified information away from the Communists. Unfortunately, Red spies know that he suffers from sudden black-outs and use this to hypnotise him, and make it appear that he is a traitor.  Feature film. Scientists travel through Myanmar visiting elephants and their handlers, Oozies, who log forests sustainably. With unique access to logging camps and villages, the scientists find out how the Asian elephant can be saved from extinction. Spark, a teenage monkey and his friends, Chunk and Vix, are on a mission to regain Planet Bana - a kingdom overtaken by the evil overlord Zhong. Self-centered twenty-something Penny Black (Astra McLaren) travels around New Zealand in an attempt to save her job and opulent lifestyle. Along the way she meets a guy name Guy (Anton Tennet); who makes her slow her down and question the world. Larry Burrows is unhappy and feels powerless over his life. He believes his entire life could have turned out differently had he not missed that shot in a baseball game when was a kid. One night he meets this mysterious man, who could change his fate by offering him that alternative life he always dreamed of. But as Burrows embarks on this journey of self discovery he realises that even this new life has its problems and drawbacks.. The boys are more interested in their comic book than the sights on their Florida vacation. When the car breaks down next to the spring "mistaken for the fountain of youth", Donald decides to have some fun with his nephews and hides the part of the sign saying "mistaken for". As baby Donald, he starts shredding their comic book and generally acting like a spoiled brat. But when he decides to pretend he's turned into an egg (borrowed from an alligator), he's in for trouble he hadn't bargained for once the gator finds out. Join international snowboard professionals - Gigi Ruf , Elias Elhardt, Kazu Kokubo and Toni Kerkela - on their journey around the globe to determine which path leads to a life well-lived, always on the hunt for the best snow, the gnarliest lines, the most unique features. When a systems engineer blows the whistle on a dangerous technology, Charlie's Angels from across the globe are called into action, putting their lives on the line to protect society. Matt Ryder is convinced to drive his estranged and dying father Benjamin Ryder cross country to deliver four old rolls of Kodachrome film to the last lab in the world that can develop them before it shuts down for good. Along with Ben's nurse Zooey, the three navigate a world changing from analogue to digital while trying to put the past behind them. Leopold Rawlins is a troubled drifter suffering from a bad past and worse present. Living in &amp; out of prison and out on the streets, Leopold winds up being deemed insane by the state and sent to the Milton Way House. Searching for redemption, Leopold uncovers new unlikely friends and an adventure that tests his limits. 1's is Mariah Carey's sixth DVD/video release. It contains 14 of Mariah' s #1 hits such as Heartbreaker, My All, Honey, Al ways Be My Baby, One Sweet Day with Mariah & Boyz ll Me, and much more. After stowing away on a rescue helicopter, three children find themselves stuck on a remote island in the Arctic Ocean with little hope of rescue. They have to conquer fear, wild animals, raging weather, lack of food, and find a way to communicate with the mainland. A beautiful native guide splits the loyalties of two guides seeking the sky burial platforms from the Orphan Tsunami of 1700. But they found too late that she will never let them leave the forest alive. Two estranged half-brothers adventure together through Colombia to fulfill their dead father's will and connect with their family, their father's homeland, and - ultimately - each other. In 1942 rural southwest Georgia, white preacher Clarence Jordan founded the Koinonia Farm, a commune based on the Christian principles of nonviolence, sharing and racial equality. Through interviews and archival footage, this documentary tracks the history of the farm from its beginnings to its 21st century challenges. The constant target of racist groups during the C Blood Brother takes place on he mean streets of a city in decay, where a recently released convict begins to take a murderous revenge against his childhood friends, whom he believes let him take the fall for a crime they collectively committed. As the bodies start piling up, one of the friends, now a cop, will stop at nothing to put and end to the murderous rampage and to right the many wrongs of their tragically violent past. Two sisters, their families, and sometimes complicated lives. An outdoor painting instructor takes an objectionable interest in an attractive young couple's summer romance. Four orphaned and homeless siblings happen upon an abandoned boxcar, which, they furnish with all the comforts of home. Fearful that they will be sent to live with their grandfather they have never met, the children keep their new home a secret. Theo meets his perfect girl whom no one else can see. Her name is Sadie and she's everything he's envisioned; down to the eerily similar doodles he made while daydreaming about her. Denying the reality that others impose on him about her existence, he fights to hold on to her perfection. In time of war, a man must survive to make a journey to fulfill a promise made and discover the truth. After a terrible battle, a man sees his great friend perish, leaving him one request - that he visit the king, father of the deceased, to give him the news of his death. Tied promise on his deathbed friend, the warrior part for the meeting with the monarch, an old man and convalescent, who lost his only heir. The king demands that the warrior's serve, but the man is tired of war and want a place to live in peace. When the warrior goes in search of tranquility, his path crosses that of a beautiful young woman, chased by soldiers. He saves her and discovers she is a witch. With the Inquisition coming to the kingdom and a new love in his chest, the warrior must regain their weapons to prevent more blood from the people he loves spill.  Above and Below is a rough and rhythmic roller coaster ride seating five survivors in their daily hustle through an apocalyptic world. A journey of challenges and beauty in uncomfortable places: Rick &amp; Cindy, Godfather Lalo in the flood channels deep down under the shiny strip of Sin City. Dave in the dry and lonesome Californian desert and April in simulation for a Mars mission in the Utah desert. Through the hustle, the pain and the laughs, we are whisked away to an unfamiliar world, yet quickly discover the souls we encounter are perhaps not that different from our own. The year is 1173. England and France are at war. The destiny of the two great powers has never been so intertwined. As King Henry's wife, Queen Eleanor, is captured and imprisoned by the king himself, Richard and his brothers lead the fight against their father in a heartless war. Allegiances shift with each victory or defeat as the destinies of England and France keep swaying in a delicate balance. The Spanish deep South, 1980. A series of brutal murders of adolescent girls in a remote and forgotten town bring together two disparate characters - both detectives in the homicide division - to investigate the cases. With deep divisions in their ideology, detectives Juan and Pedro must put aside their differences if they are to successfully hunt down a killer who for years has terrorized a community in the shadow of a general disregard for women rooted in a misogynistic past. When a lonely orphan discovers a pair of glasses that, amazingly, enables the wearer to see ghosts, his life becomes a living nightmare. A group of five Genesect have invaded the big city and pose a threat to the supply of electricity, which attracts the attention of the legendary Pokemon Mewtwo. Ash, Pikachu and his friends must come to the rescue when the powerful leader, a red Genesect, faces Mewtwo. Jane is left with a massive hit to her co-dependent nature when her live-in boyfriend Adam leaves for an acting gig in New Orleans. Her anxiety worsens when a headache in the form of Laura, Adam's childhood friend, arrives to record an album with the absentee actor. Spurred by Jane's need to get out of the house and Laura's spontaneous nature, the two pack up the car and hit the road towards New Orleans. As they struggle to deal with the roadblocks and strange occurrences along the way, the two form an unexpected friendship. Dans une ile imaginaire perdue en Mer Egee, aux temps tres lointains d'avant Homere, Minor, mi-homme mi-cochon, orphelin et muet, file des jours tranquilles dans la douce tiedeur de la porcherie en compagnie de sa bonne amie la Truie. Au cours d'une escapade en foret mythologique, il fait la rencontre d'un des personnages les plus influents de son epoque, le Dieu Pan - alias Satyre, qui l'initie a sa maniere de bouc aux imprevus du paganisme. The adventure begins when Lucas, a 13 year old boy, embarks on the vacation of a lifetime. When disaster strikes, Lucas finds himself stranded in a strange land littered with ghost ships and prehistoric creatures. While searching for other signs of life, Lucas hears a radio broadcast in the distance and is drawn into the jungle where he encounters a beautiful young girl who claims to have come from the 1950s. Together they set out on a quest to get home all the while uncovering secrets that will forever change the future. What it's like to drive the once vandalized now famous, 'Fagbug' to all 50 states in the USA. First to Fall follows two young civilian expatriate 'rebels' on their 8-month journey to liberate Libya, their home country. Carrying cameras along with guns into battle, they took lenses where no documentary has gone before, capturing the madness of the Libyan front lines firsthand. Director Rachel Beth Anderson's distinct female perspective reveals their dramatic transformation as these young men give up comfortable, stable lives in Canada to take up arms against a corrupt regime and risk their lives in a brutal, chaotic war. Anderson's incredible access provides audiences a personal connection to this honest, witty, at times shocking, modern coming of age tale.  Documentary - War zone borders, engine trouble and the difficulties of making money to survive couldn't outweigh the thrill of adventure and discovery Daniel Rintz encountered while motorcycling around the world for two and a half years. A city slicker tries to woo a country girl while her boyfriend fixes his tire. Subversive film documenting the Vietnamese viewpoint of the Vietnam War. Join Barbie(tm) as Corinne(tm), a young country girl headed to Paris to pursue her big dream - to become a female musketeer! Never could she imagine she would meet three other girls who secretly share the same dream! Using their special talents, the girls work together as a team to foil a plot and save the prince. It's all for one and one for all! Nathan's Kingdom is a dark fantasy, coming-of-age drama about Nathan, a 25-year-old autistic man struggling with his teenage prescription-addict sister, and rather than surrendering their lives to social services, they risk it all to find a kingdom that once existed only in their imaginations. Omar (15) and Karina's (12) mother has a stroke during the family holidays. The siblings, drifting apart, will start a long journey through Mexico towards their grandmother's house. On the road they will face a broken and divided country. Where mistrust, resentment and violence are everywhere. Diverse characters -strangers on their own land- will lead them, in labyrinthic stages, until their final destiny. Adhisaya Ulagam ia tamil 3D Movie, it is Scientific and Adventure movie in Steroscope 3D. The Movie Feature Dinosaur for the first time in the history of Indian Cinema. Actor Livingston plays an Important role of the movie.TV Actors Ananda Kannan and Latha Roa plays a Prominent role of the movie.  Shakthi Scott Direct the movie and including Music Join Katsuma, Poppet, Mr. Snoodle, and the other Moshi Monters in an action-packed, song-filled race against time! Together they must stop evil Dr. Strangeglove and his incompetent Glump sidekick Fishlips from pulverising the recently discovered Great Moshling Egg. A coming of age story about self-revelation.  Sylvia, a struggling artist in New York, is fired from her job and flees back to her Texas hometown for a friend's wedding. At the pre-wedding party, she meets an enigmatic stranger, Esteban. On the eve of the big day, he dares her to join him on a road trip through the jewel cities of the Deep South. 1000 AD, for years, One Eye, a mute warrior of supernatural strength, has been held prisoner by the Norse chieftain Barde. Aided by Are, a boy slave, One Eye slays his captor and together he and Are escape, beginning a journey into the heart of darkness. On their flight, One Eye and Are board a Viking vessel, but the ship is soon engulfed by an endless fog that clears only as the crew sights an unknown land. As the new world reveals its secrets and the Vikings confront their terrible and bloody fate, One Eye discovers his true self. A struggling comedy duo discovers that surviving the apocalypse is almost as difficult as surviving in Hollywood. Documentary about the lives of three Mexican families living in the U.S. without government paperwork. Fallen Footwear skate video. A pair of former brothers-in-law embark on a road trip through Iceland. In the absence of Behzat C., a superintendent named Himmet gets replaced as the president of the murder Bureau. When the murder of minister of Interior makes a big impact, Himmet decides to take advantage of it and he makes his team help the fight against terrorism bureau. The Great Alone is a feature length independent documentary film that tells the inspiring comeback story of Iditarod Champion Lance Mackey. A hunt for easy money turns into a deadly search for a missing loved one as outsiders confront the evil forces behind a native American myth. Teen stepbrothers, Danny, a wannabe entrepreneur, and Ajay, an artistic dreamer, pull off an elaborate prank--involving a lot of dildos--on the last day of school. Caught in the act, they're assigned to a summer mentor: lascivious bar owner, Tyler Lavey. When Tyler enlists the boys to make a delivery to a private party, they unwittingly stumble upon an underground society hiding some very dirty secrets. After Tyler's own niece is taken captive, he turns to proteges Danny and Ajay and former CIA agent Grandma Alice to stage one kick-ass rescue. A Foreign Service Officer in London tries to prevent a terrorist attack set to hit New York, but is forced to go on the run when she is framed for crimes she did not commit. When bank teller Zhi Hui learns she is pregnant, she steals a large sum of money to provide a secure future for her baby. After fleeing with the stolen money, Zhi Hui finds herself in a hotel room where nothing is what it seems, and a corpse in a box, a psychotic hosteller, and a mystery man add up to create a sinister puzzle. A fancy garden party turns into upper class prey when a colony of killer wasps mutates into seven foot tall predators. The story of Captain Richard Francis Burton's and Lt. John Hanning Speke's expedition to find the source of the Nile river in the name of Queen Victoria's British Empire. The film tells the story of their meeting, their friendship emerging amidst hardship, and then dissolving after their journey. Matias suffers from annoying nightmares, which don't let him move on with his life. Meanwhile, he passes his days between Eugenia, his wife, and Silvana, his lover. The movie is set on a state-of-the art Aegis vessel with the full cooperation of Japan's real-life Ministry of Defense and Maritime Self-Defense Force. The corpse of a Self-Defense Force member has been found -- minus the left arm -- and a spy has infiltrated the Aegis vessel. The heroine Ran is put in jeopardy, and Conan is forced to stand up against the dangerous Spy "X." Ten years after a tsunami destroyed a small-town elementary school with all the children inside, a young man builds a mysterious structure out of the school's remains, setting the town aflame with passions long forgotten. As investigative reporter Ward Jansen and his partner Yardley Acheman chase a sensational, career-making story with the help of Ward's younger brother Jack and sultry death-row groupie Charlotte Bless, the pair tries to prove violent swamp-dweller Hillary Van Wetter was framed for the murder of a corrupt local sheriff. South Georgia - alone in a vast ocean. 900 miles from Antarctica, and a mere 100 miles long. A wild rugged landscape with mountain ranges, vast glaciers, windblown plains half buried beneath snow and ice. Three years ago, the Penguin King left home. Now he is returning to the place where he was born and raised: Penguin City. One of the most densely-packed, sought-after pieces of real estate in the entire southern hemisphere and somehow he must establish his own place in it. He must find a mate. A beautiful Webgirl travels to a small New England town away from her husband who is exploiting her for sex and a million dollar payday. Three young houseflies stow away aboard the Apollo 11 flight to the moon. In 1968, Donald Crowhurst, an amateur sailor, endangers the fate of his family and business, and his own life, blinded by his ambition to compete in the Sunday Times Golden Globe Race, attempting to become the first person in history to single-handedly circumnavigate the world without making any stopover. In To Be Forever Wild, a crew of filmmakers, musicians and artists explore New York's Catskills Mountains, landscapes that have for centuries captured America's imagination and inspired a love of wilderness. Along the way they profile historian, hikers, scientists, cliff divers, organic farmers and others. In the film we see the power of nature to restore, reclaim and provoke our deepest emotions and connections to the world. It's a film that inspires people to reconnect with nature in their own way, wherever they happen to be. Charlie, a young boy from China travels all the way from Shanghai to find his fathers restaurant in Hollywood is in trouble. He must convince 3 people to believe in the Spirit of Christmas in order to save his family's dream. Dominik, a PhD student of the History of Art, goes to Porto Ercole, to survey the last works of great Michelangelo Caravaggio. Unexpectedly, Dominik deepens into mysterious series of criminal events. Animation film about Human Rights of Children to a younger audience in a dynamic and entertaining. A story about the values  , need and equal justice in the first years of life, when it's necessary to have someone to fight for them. Leaving the safety of their nursery behind, Wendy, Michael and John follow Peter Pan to a magical world where childhood lasts forever. But while in Neverland, the kids must face Captain Hook and foil his attempts to get rid of Peter for good. A beautiful princess born in a faraway kingdom is destined by a terrible curse to prick her finger on the spindle of a spinning wheel and fall into a deep sleep that can only be awakened by true love's first kiss. Determined to protect her, her parents ask three fairies to raise her in hiding. But the evil Maleficent is just as determined to seal the princess's fate. Freshly hatched bee Maya is a little whirlwind and won't follow the rules of the hive. One of these rules is not to trust the hornets that live beyond the meadow. When the Royal Jelly is stolen, the hornets are suspected and Maya is thought to be their accomplice. No one believes that she is the innocent victim and no one will stand by her except for her good-natured and best friend Willy. After a long and eventful journey to the hornets hive Maya and Willy soon discover the true culprit and the two friends finally bond with the other residents of the opulent meadow. Every day, they steal your strength, your emotions, your love. We call them the Shadow. Work like us - to deliver them back to the Dark World. Impending disaster, and humanity can be at the mercy of darkness ... And only we can keep the balance This is the story of the disobedient little girl Sasha, whose parents, for the New Year, thoughtlessly wish for a well behaved girl instead of Sasha. Even before the New Year chimes in, a different good little girl is on their doorstep, while Sasha is fantastically transported to the magical Land of Good Little Kids for re-education. In this land there rules a stern queen and her even tougher controlling emissary. To get back home to her parents, Sasha will have incredible adventures and must face many tests, while helped by her loyal friends, Baget the cat and Balbess the dog. The four constables Emotionless, Iron Hands , Life Snatcher and ColdBlood are specially skilled in their own individual super powers. When the four constables of the Divine Constabulary investigate a murder in the suburbs, they unexpectedly stumble on clues to the murder of Emotionless's family 15 years ago. It is a story about a pair of sisters who work as "noroiya" (cursers) using magic in a fantasy world. One day a big tree suddenly appears in a forest, and tall buildings that look like they are from our world can be seen entangled in it. The two sisters go there to investigate and get ported to our world. They then encounter two children who are startled by the sisters' sudden appearance and rush back home but at home they see their parents turned into monsters... The hope and determination of modern-day American Indian life is revealed in this film about what it takes to win one of the most exciting and perilous forms of horse racing practiced anywhere in the world today. From the bitter cold of winter on the Rocky Mountain Front to the heat and mayhem of the summer's championship races in Montana and Idaho, Indian Relay follows three teams from different American Indian communities as they prepare for and compete in a grueling Indian Relay season - all hearts set on the glory and honor of winning an Indian Relay National Championship. A woman finds out she has a half sister when he father disappears and her half sister turns up dead. A beautiful princess born in a faraway kingdom is destined by a terrible curse to prick her finger on the spindle of a spinning wheel and fall into a deep sleep that can only be awakened by true love's first kiss. Determined to protect her, her parents ask three fairies to raise her in hiding. But the evil Maleficent is just as determined to seal the princess's fate. The story springs from the real-world headlines of religious cults and mass suicides. With Veil, it begins 30 years ago, when members of a religious cult known as Heaven's Veil take their own lives. The truth behind what really happened remains buried deep in the memory of the sole survivor, a five-year-old girl, who returns to the compound with a documentary crew as an adult. They soon discover something that is far more terrifying than anything they could have imagined. U.S. federal agent Leon S. Kennedy sneaks into the "East Slavic Republic" to verify rumors that Bio-Organic Weapons (BOWs) are being used in the country's civil war, which the U.S. and Russia are making preparations to jointly intervene in. Right after his infiltration, the U.S. government orders him to leave immediately. Determined to uncover the truth, Leon ignores the order and enters the battlefield to end the chain of tragedies caused by the BOWs. When a mysterious orb of light strikes a deep water oil rig, the massive explosion erupts into a ball of flames creating a swirling mass of clouds and fire. As the twister begins to move ... Rudy Gonzalez a Mexican-American teenager does not find self-esteem at home, so he goes to the streets of 1984 to find it. What he discovers is Ska. The side story takes place in 2017 a.t.b., between the rise of the "Black Knights" organization and the return of the supposedly "dead" Zero. The setting is in Europe, where the European Union (E.U.) allied nations are being invaded by the overwhelming forces of the Holy Britannian Empire. On the verge of defeat, the E.U. army forms a special unit known as "W-0'', of which a young pilot named Akito Hyuga is a member. Leila Malkal , a former Britannian Aristocrat comes to the E.U.'s aid, commanding the "Wyvern" Knightmare corps comprised of Japanese teenagers. They recklessly plunge into a battlefield, where the survival rate is extremely low, at about 5% only. They fight for their freedom and for a "home" to which they can return. Sudha Mishra is 67 years old, divorced woman that leaves the responsibility of taking care of her house by Sumit, her niece's fiance. The most important instruction given to Sumit was to 'Feed The Fish &amp; Water The Plants'. His very acceptance into the family was dependent on this instruction. When she returns a month later to her Vasant Kunj house, everything seems to be in order till she opens the bedroom door and a woman wearing white, wailing loudly. It was supposed to be just an ordinary holiday of the sunny Kos, but Toni has to rescue a beautiful local girl from the clutches of kidnappers of Adriana . When it appears that anyone else can be trusted, will Toni reluctantly rely on velipuoliensa assistance.  Son of the trio formed a peaceful holiday in the South of traditional package holidays to skyrocket wilder Extreme trip full of momentum, disguise, theft and dangerous situations. The legendary ancient landscapes of the archipelago, hot beaches, small mountain roads and the Mediterranean waves rush adventurers risked their lives threatening situation to another. Strange phenomena begin to plague Senn, a factory worker on the forgotten world, Pyom, when an enigmatic alien intelligence arrives to deliver him to the Polychronom. This ancient object has surreptitiously chosen him for a mysterious purpose that could mean his undoing. After a legendary mountain man's tragic death in the remote Alaskan wilderness ( J. J. Johnson ), two of his four sons set off to find their father's gold treasure as set forth by the provisions left in his will . It soon turns into an epic journey through the remote back country of Alaska. They run into a band of notorious cut-throat river rats, determined to claim the gold for themselves. Filmed on location in the wilds of Alaska, it's got Hollywood all over it ! Outdoors, hunting, bad guys, moving to the wilderness, and GOLD ! With a bit of greed mixed in. It's a great storyline. A repressed agoraphobic's daughter meets a hardened pastor's daughter, and while escaping their homes to attend the annual church youth group jamboree they discover their worlds aren't what they once thought they were. Assassin Robert Rath arrives at a funeral to kill a prominent mobster, only to witness a rival hired gun complete the job for him -- with grisly results. Horrified by the murder of innocent bystanders, Rath decides to take one last job and then return to civilian life. But finding his way out of the world of contract killing grows ever more dangerous as Rath falls for his female target and becomes a marked man himself. A group of intrepid explorers go on a journey of discovery and excitement as they climb and live atop a 17,000ft mountain in Eastern Turkey to conduct a scientific expedition to determine the final resting place of Noah's Ark. Finding Noah is more than a quest for answers, it is a testament of the human spirit, where belief and the need for exploration transcend risk and limitations. In a postapocalyptic future, jaded cop Max Rockatansky (Mel Gibson) is ready to retire. But his world is shattered when a malicious gang murders his family as an act of retaliation, forcing a devastated Max to hit the open road seeking vengeance. As he travels the Australian outback's empty stretches of highway, he tours the bloodstained battlegrounds ruled by marauding bikers who feed on violence. Autobots and Decepticons are at war, with humans on the sidelines. Optimus Prime is gone. The key to saving our future lies buried in the secrets of the past, in the hidden history of Transformers on Earth. The Journey of Aeneas after the Trojan War. Based on the epic poems of the Aeneid by Publius Vergilius Maro. After ditching his law career, Jonathan Hensleigh (Die Hard: with a Vengeance, Armageddon) went on to become a widely respected and successful action-adventure screenwriter. In this candid interview, he reveals his approach to his craft. With unwavering honesty, he talks about developing action series, discloses his real feelings on screenwriting classes and discusses how being an attorney has influenced his writing process. In an attempt to reconnect with his estranged son Daniel, struggling Los Angeles screenwriter Peter Davis resolves to bring his young boy along on his latest research expedition to Africa. But after their luggage is accidentally switched, leaving them stranded without money and passports, the down and out pair is forced to seek refuge in an old run-down trailer scheduled for imminent scrapping! Befriending the scrap yard owner's son, Daniel and his new found companion Asanda embark on an imaginative journey through different worlds in order to seek the "ultimate story" to help Peter. After travelling through fantastical lands and strange new planets Daniel finally realises that the true meaning of life is actually found in spending time with those you love. Director Scott Haze chronicles the remarkable life of Charles Mully. A man revered as "Father to the Fatherless," Mully is a one time Kenyan business tycoon turned founder of Mully Children's Family, the largest children's rescue, rehabilitation and development organization in Africa. King's Gambit is an independent, live-action feature film set in present-day Florida about Bryce, a man who uses a mystic journal to alter the world around him. An apathetic man-child, Ron, goes on a journey to restore the spirit of his catatonic mother. Wrongfully accused and on the run, a top MI6 assassin joins forces with his long-lost, football hooligan brother to save the world from a sinister plot. A disgraced former secret agent risks his life as well as the lives of his ragtag team as he seeks revenge against the charismatic terrorist who killed his wife. With the original Hanson Brothers still on the same minor league ice hockey team, the Chiefs are sold to a new owner who gives them a female coach and puts them in a league in which they are to be regularly humiliated by an opposing Harlem Globetrotters-like team. When a former Special Ops commando visits Pompeii, his wife and daughter are trapped as Mt. Vesuvius erupts with massive force. While his family fights to survive the deadly onslaught of heat and lava, he enlists his former teammates in a daring operation beneath the ruins of the city of Pompeii. Travel down U.S. Highway 127 from Michigan to Alabama and meet the people at the world's longest yard sale--an annual four-day, 690-mile exchange of not only goods, but also stories. Two closeted Muslim teens hawk goods across Brooklyn and struggle to come clean about their sexuality, as their secretive behavior leads them unknowingly into the cross-hairs of the War on Terror. When ruthless terrorists threaten to bring down the United Nations, they frame the one man they believe can stop them: an international security expert named Shaw. Now he must run from his own allies and become a solitary force for good, as he tries to stop what could become World War III. After the re-emergence of the world's first mutant, world-destroyer Apocalypse, the X-Men must unite to defeat his extinction level plan.  In the year 2045, a Los Angeles Police Department detective and his new android partner enter the Zone, a forbidden section of the city plagued with an unknown disease. There, they discover the source of the illness and attempt to stop it using the android's advanced technology and weaponry. Wilfred Thesiger was one of Britain's great explorers and writers. His greatest journeys were through the world's largest sand desert: the Empty Quarter of the Arabian Peninsula. Inspired by their hero, adventurers Alastair Humphreys and Leon McCarron attempt a journey of their own into the Empty Quarter. Their trip is hastily-planned and low budget: unable to afford camels they instead hope to drag a homemade steel cart (filled with 300kg of supplies) through the ferocious desert heat. This film is their story. A lyric documentary of a distant journey from Atacama Desert to Patagonia, carrying a camera and a tripod over the shoulders, from a fog oasis to a bygone estancia in a pursuit journey to find life.  Horacio is a former priest, archaeologist and anthropologist who researches a fog oasis in the Atacama desert which was inhabited by primitive cultures centuries ago. Alfonso is a lawyer who chose to retire to Patagonia to revive an old sheep estancia in decline.  Through lengthy conversations immersed in astounding landscapes, the documentary reveals the strong link they hold with their inhabited place, leading a life of deep connections in isolated territories. Revolving around life, modernity, resistance and change, their stories unveil unique life experiences and singular insights. When 12-year-old Mickey Miller moves from New York to Ireland, she soon discovers a link between herself and the 300-year-old legend of the mysterious Black Knight, who regularly haunts the sleepy Irish village. With courage and a sharp mind, she sets out to save a precious herd of white horses and to thwart the evil plans of a greedy, ambitious woman. Have laptop, will travel.  A documentary chronicling the stories of people living and traveling the world, all while working remotely. Posh Corps documents the personal stories of Peace Corps volunteers as they help develop rural villages in South Africa. Volunteers in South Africa struggle with extreme economic disparity, exceptional cultural diversity, and the lingering effects of Apartheid. They come to terms with their own expectations, and they speak out against the popular notion that South Africa is an easy assignment. Near the Catalan village of Argelaguer, Garrell spent 45 years building spectacular jungle structures, tree houses, waterfalls and labyrinths with his bare hands. In the meantime, he made Tarzan films with local kids. An ode to the creative urge - and compulsion. Sean Reynolds, a highly acclaimed investigative journalist (who strongly believed in paranormal phenomena), destroyed his career when the most watched episode of his reality show, based on paranormal phenomena, turned out to be a hoax. Sean saw a news report on a "Bigfoot Hunter" (Carl Drybeck) who claimed to possess the body of a dead Sasquatch. He believes Drybeck is a phony and decides to create a new show that reveals people's paranormal claims as hoaxes. Sean assembles his old film crew and heads to Northern California's "Lost Coast" to meet with and interview Drybeck. Obsessed, Sean is staking his comeback, his life and the lives of his documentary film crew on proving Drybeck's claim to be a hoax. In the clandestine research tower of a ruthless Japanese security and arms company, Saisei Security, scientist MALI awakens employed mercenaries killed in combat, their death giving rise to a new, vicious breed of zombie... ZOMBIE NINJAS. Trapped amongst unsuspecting civilians, including former tactical operative DILLON (Adam T Perkins), the ZOMBIE NINJAS commanded by a ferocious leader (Soa 'The Hulk' Palelei) are unleashed in the inner city high-rise. They soon face off with the covert response mission deployed to fight back. This elite black ops team underestimates the brutality of their encounter, which ultimately tests their loyalty and friendship, resulting in a frightful assault between these two highly skilled lethal forces and DILLON thrust in the middle fighting for survival. Hongi, a Maori chieftain's teenage son, must avenge his father's murder in order to bring peace and honour to the souls of his loved ones after his tribe is slaughtered through an act of treachery. Vastly outnumbered by a band of villains led by Wirepa, Hongi's only hope is to pass through the feared and forbidden "Dead Lands" and forge an uneasy alliance with a mysterious warrior, a ruthless fighter who has ruled the area for years. Bry, a reckless party animal, decides to rip his retired parents from their all-American lives and throw them into the adventure of a lifetime. As Bry and his folks enjoy the Dionysian side of life, they will all learn a bit about themselves &amp; each other. The story of Allan "Swampy" Marsh and his Maremma dog Oddball. Swampy convinced local authorities to allow Oddball to protect a colony of Little Penguins on Middle Island from wild cats and dogs. Oddball succeeds in his campaign and becomes a front runner for Maremma dogs being used to protect other endangered Australian wildlife. An FBI agent teams with the town's veteran game tracker to investigate a murder that occurred on a Native American reservation. Deep in the Saudi desert, young thrill-seekers at jihadi boot camp sign up to a plot to overthrow the Saudi government. They detonate three horrific car-bombs at Western compounds in downtown Riyadh and become embroiled in a nail-biting game of cat and mouse with government forces. As their plans unravel, they resort to ever more brutal tactics. Exposing the dark side of the human soul, Path of Blood reveals Al Qaeda as you've never seen it before. Using a treasure trove of Al Qaeda home-movie footage captured by the security services, this haunting documentary film shows how brainwashed idealism and the youthful pursuit of adventure can descend into madness and carnage. Stuck in a life of indentured servitude, Marek dreams of becoming a wizard. When she meets a beautiful priestess, Teela, in need of help, Marek escapes her master and puts together a team of adventurers - including Thane the warrior and Dagen the half-elf thief - and embarks on an epic quest to free Teela's sister from orcs and ogres. After raiding the orc camp, the group learns that Teela's sister has been taken into the mountains by a giant ogre. Escaping hellhounds and dragons on their dangerous journey, the team find themselves hopelessly outmatched by the man-eating ogre, and must unite all their talents to free the prisoners and escape with their own lives. my I's is a visual journey through time, space, and memories of the filmmaker from her childhood to the present. Not parting with her Super 8 camera for four years, she accumulated a variety of images from different parts of the world and from different times of the year. She then combined these images with home movie footage of herself and her mother. After 40 years of protection, Grey wolves were recently de-listed federally from endangered species act and their fate was handed over to state legislatures. What ensued was a 'push to hunt' in wolf country across the United States. Filmmaker Julia Huffman travels to Minnesota and into wolf country to pursue the deep and intrinsic value of brother wolf and our forgotten promise to him. Previously only available in the "Billy Joel: My Lives" box set, this DVD features one of Billy's best concerts: Billy Joel live in Frankfurt, Germany in 1994 on the "River of Dreams" tour. When 24-year-old athlete Sam Fox launches a highly publicized campaign to break the speed record on the Pacific Crest Trail and raise $250,000 for Parkinson's disease, he quickly learns what it means to struggle in the spotlight. Beatrice Prior and Tobias Eaton venture into the world outside of the fence and are taken into protective custody by a mysterious agency known as the Bureau of Genetic Welfare. It's the end of the world. A flood is coming. Luckily for Dave and his son Finny, a couple of clumsy Nestrians, an Ark has been built to save all animals. But as it turns out, Nestrians aren't allowed. Sneaking on board with the involuntary help of Hazel and her daughter Leah, two Grymps, they think they're safe. Until the curious kids fall off the Ark. Now Finny and Leah struggle to survive the flood and hungry predators and attempt to reach the top of a mountain, while Dave and Hazel must put aside their differences, turn the Ark around and save their kids. It's definitely not going to be smooth sailing. Ferdinand, a little bull, prefers sitting quietly under a cork tree just smelling the flowers versus jumping around, snorting, and butting heads with other bulls. As Ferdinand grows big and strong, his temperament remains mellow, but one day five men come to choose the "biggest, fastest, roughest bull" for the bullfights in Madrid and Ferdinand is mistakenly chosen.  Based on the classic 1936 children's book by Munro Leaf. From the banks of the Bahamas to the seas of Argentina, we go underwater to meet dolphins. Two scientists who study dolphin communication and behaviour lead us on encounters in the wild. Featuring the music of Sting. Nominated for an Academy Award(r), Best Documentary, Short Subject, 2000. Mahabharat is considered as the greatest and the longest epic in world literature It has all the possible elements that a story could have - conflict, duty, sacrifice, heroism, truth, justice, romance, adventure, fantasy and relationships - making it truly an all-encompassing fascinating saga. Fantasy adventure as  the fairies face a new foe. Set after the events of Continental Drift, Scrat's epic pursuit of his elusive acorn catapults him outside of Earth, where he accidentally sets off a series of cosmic events that transform and threaten the planet. To save themselves from peril, Manny, Sid, Diego, and the rest of the herd leave their home and embark on a quest full of thrills and spills, highs and lows, laughter and adventure while traveling to exotic new lands and encountering a host of colorful new characters. A young backpacker is lured through the third world paradise of Thailand searching for her kidnapped best friend and unknowingly she becomes the object of a sociopath's obsession. The Words follows young writer Rory Jansen who finally achieves long sought after literary success after publishing the next great American novel. There's only one catch - he didn't write it. As the past comes back to haunt him and his literary star continues to rise, Jansen is forced to confront the steep price that must be paid for stealing another man's work, and for placing ambition and success above life's most fundamental three words. France asleep in the nineteenth century, governed by steam and Napoleon VI, where scientists vanish mysteriously, a girl, Avril, goes in search of her missing scientist parents. Pro wrestling legend Steve Austin stars as a man with no name, no memory and absolutely nothing left to lose. But when he finds himself hunted by both the FBI and the Russian mob, this amnesiac decides to fight back. Pursuit cannot stop him. Torture will not break him. And with every beating, bullet and betrayal, he'll remember another piece of the horror that took away his career, his family and his identity. Now the puzzle is nearly complete, and one man is about to take back his past...by ending a whole lot of futures. Erica Cerra ("Eureka") and Adam Beach (Flags of Our Fathers) star in this explosive action-thriller about collateral damage, stone cold vengeance, and a double-crossed killing machine known only as The Stranger A team of cops is sent to the forest to capture/kill a police officer who has gone rogue. In a parallel track, a young woman seeks the help of a debauched car driver to take her to the forest. What happens in the forest and how are these two plots connected? A documentary covering the 2013 Gathering of the Juggalos in Cave-In-Rock, IL. An exploration of volcanoes around the world. Adventure Filmmaker Peter Rowe climbs and films 19 volcanoes around the world, from Iceland to the Congo, Italy to Indonesia, Guatemala to Vanuatu, interacting with the people who live and work near these extreme forces of nature. Drama / Foreign - A shipwrecked man finds himself on an island of miniature people. In order to save them, he must battle a powerful giant. *Subtitles not available for this feature* The vampire sisters are back for their next adventure. The impressionistic story of a Texas family in the 1950s. The film follows the life journey of the eldest son, Jack, through the innocence of childhood to his disillusioned adult years as he tries to reconcile a complicated relationship with his father. Jack finds himself a lost soul in the modern world, seeking answers to the origins and meaning of life while questioning the existence of faith. After his wife passes away trying to cross a mountain, Manjhi, out of sheer rage, sets on a quest to carve a road through the treacherous mountain. Caesar and his apes are forced into a deadly conflict with an army of humans led by a ruthless Colonel. After the apes suffer unimaginable losses, Caesar wrestles with his darker instincts and begins his own mythic quest to avenge his kind. As the journey finally brings them face to face, Caesar and the Colonel are pitted against each other in an epic battle that will determine the fate of both their species and the future of the planet. The Hunger Games heads back to the Dark Ages when a group of five young Saxons is captured by a clan of fearsome Viking warriors and used as prey in a ritualistic manhunt. High on a potion that turns them "berserk" the brutal hunters are soon on the scent of the terrified youngsters in a desperate battle for survival from the ritualistic manhunt. Written and directed by Welsh film-maker Antony Smith. Just because a journey leads you somewhere you didn't expect, doesn't mean you ended up in the wrong place.  This fascinating look at the world of the flying trapeze centers on one of the greatest acts in circus history, The Flying Gaonas. First performing on a trampoline, the Gaonas went on to become the star attraction for the best circuses in the world, including Ringling Bros. and Barnum &amp; Bailey. Long-time Broadway Director (and trapeze flyer) Tom Moore brings their story to life through interviews with family members and colorful archival material. The film depicts the first flaming signs of love in human life. The characters are all ten years old and attend the same hockey and figure skating club in a small village set among the Italian Alps. The theft of a medal will trigger an adventurous escape to Moscow, where our six main characters will learn the first skirmishes of love and find new fiances. Paris, France. Today Nico has a job interview. The first one in months. Trapped in a system without any direction, Nico continuously questions himself about what to do with his life. Fascinated by diabolo since he childhood, he keeps regretting not having pushed his art further. But during the next 24 hours, unusual encounters and situations will give him no choice but to face his dreams... His imagination will take him on a soul searching journey in which he will meet people sharing his passion and expressing their breathtaking skills. Today, Nico has a job interview. The last one for a long time... In the 17th century a warrior woman fights for the independence of Angola. After witnessing the murder of her son and watching her people being humiliated by Portuguese colonizers, Njinga will become a Queen and struggle for their liberation embodying the motto: those who stay fight to win. Of Kanpur's 3 million-plus population, at least 400 million are without viable electricity. As an alternative, they resort to katiyas - crude wire tappings that drain power from legal users and run it into the homes of the underserved. Powerless tracks the battle between an Indian electric company and a renegade electrician who illegally connects poor families to the grid. 'Black and Cuba' follows street-smart students, who are outcasts at an elite Ivy League university, as they band together and adventure to Cuba to see if revolution is truly possible. While filming their poignant encounters with AfroCuban youth, breathtaking sites and moving hip-hop performances, the travelers confront realities behind myths of color-blindness and social mobility. This edgy and artful documentary of their journey uncovers renewed hope for equality and human rights. 'Black and Cuba' is the feature film directorial debut of international human rights advocate and scholar Robin J. Hayes, PhD. YouTube musician and Korean American adoptee Dan Matthews travels to South Korea to perform and reunite with his biological family, including a long lost twin he never knew he had. A young boy becomes an unlikely hero when he sets out on an adventure-filled quest to find the legendary Bonta oasis. Beginning with Rome's fall in the fifth century, tis History Channel presentation sheds light on the Dark Ages, covering the continent-wide chaos, including raids by Vikings Vandals, and Visigoths, bubonic plague, famine, civil unrest and more.  The program takes viewers from the darkest of times to the dawn of a new beginning as the turmoil besieging Europe gives rise to the Crusades, the Enlightenment, and the Renaissance. Gru and his wife Lucy must stop former '80s child star Balthazar Bratt from achieving world domination. Renowned filmmakers D A Pennebaker and Chris Hegedus follow determined animal rights activist Steven Wise into the courtroom for an unprecedented battle that seeks to utilize the writ of habeas corpus to expand legal "personhood" to include certain animals. Wise's unusual plaintiffs--chimpanzees Tommy and Kiko, once famed showbiz stars--are now living in filth, struggling to survive. Wise and his impassioned legal team take us into the field, revealing gripping evidence of such abuse and plunging us into the intricacies of their case as they probe preconceived notions of what it means to be a non-human animal. A woman steals money from her mob boss husband hoping to start a new life with her lover. Meanwhile, a washed-up former child star and his buddies rob a bank with a police detective hot on their trail. Through a twist of fate, these people all find themselves at a remote cabin, unaware that recent construction work has unleashed a ferocious creature which now roams the surrounding area! Who will survive in MEATEATERS! Liv Laika embarks on a solitary mission to a distant planet in search of her ancestors who fled the earth nearly a century prior. After days of radio silence, Liv begins to question whether or not they even want to be found. Time Travel exists. William is a Turasaiche ( a descendant time traveller) who works for the World Time forum, policing time crime at the world office in Perth, Scotland. When William is sent a letter from the future, he is shown what might happen if his journey continues. To Change it, he must recruit a new team. Time Teens is a Prequal Pilot film for a TV series by the same name. Maharaja Gemunu is based on the odyssey of King Gemunu (ruler of Sri Lanka 161-137 BC) who is renowned for defeating and overthrowing King Elara, the usurping Tamil prince from the Chola Kingdom, who had invaded the Kingdom of Rajarata in 205 BC. The first Road Movie feature film made by the Italian artist Sanzi together with the Cuban Balboa is inspired by friendship, the island and the motorbike. The two artists used, for the first time in Cuba, the form of the Road Movie--the cinematic genre the plot of which is developed during a trip. When the announcement comes that Earth's final day is near, a filmmaker makes plans to document & share in the lives around him. But an unwelcome interruption threatens to derail the last day, & he finds deeper connections then he had ever anticipated. After the trolls' victory over the Snow Queen, Orm claims that he is destined to marry the princess and inherit great power. On her 13th birthday Katie, a talented young girl, receives a magical amulet. This amulet was on a quest to find the fifth and last witch to complete the order of the star witches. Because in it's incomplete form, the order is unable to protect earth against the evil witch Concuela.  While Katie is exploring her new magical powers together with her best friend Roy, Grimbeck, the dandy gatekeeper of the star witches arena, as well as the evil Concuela are desperately trying to find Katie. When Teela's sister is murdered and a powerful relic stolen, Marek and her friends face a sinister new enemy - Kishkumen, a foreign mystic bent on reclaiming the Darkspore for his master Szorlok. Armed with twin maps, Marek and her team race Kishkumen and his horde through creature-infested lands, to a long abandoned underground city - all the while pursued by bounty hunters intent on returning Marek to slavery. The Bang Bang Club were four fearless young photographers who set out to expose the reality of Apartheid in South Africa - a battle that changed a nation but wound up almost destroying them. Beyond Beyond is a story about wanting the impossible. A story about a little rabbit boy not old enough to understand the rules of life, who takes up the fight against the most powerful force. While doing so, he learns more and more about life. George W. Bush picks Dick Cheney, the CEO of Halliburton Co., to be his Republican running mate in the 2000 presidential election. No stranger to politics, Cheney's impressive resume includes stints as White House chief of staff, House Minority Whip and defense secretary. When Bush wins by a narrow margin, Cheney begins to use his newfound power to help reshape the country and the world. Captain Red runs a hardy pirate ship with the able assistance of Frog, a dashing young French sailor. One day Capt. Red is captured and taken aboard a Spanish galleon, but thanks to his inventiveness, he raises the crew to mutiny, takes over the ship, and kidnaps the niece of the governor of Maracaibo. The question is, can he keep this pace up? When the evil mayor of Oakton decides to bulldoze Liberty Park and build a dangerous amusement park in its place, Surly Squirrel and his ragtag group of animal friends need to band together to save their home, defeat the mayor, and take back the park. The story of French high-wire artist Philippe Petit's attempt to cross the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center in 1974. A gang of cold-blooded outlaws narrowly escapes a blood-soaked bank robbery in a grimy frontier town. With a notorious bounty hunter hot on their trail, these nefarious criminals desperately need a place to hide out before night falls. Fate brings them to the home of the Tildons, a seemingly innocent family with two feisty daughters. As the men settle in, an impetuous game of cat and mouse plays out during the cold, black night. Come morning, nothing will ever be the same. Against the backdrop of New York and New Orleans, Elliott, Leanne and Jermaine question their ability to dream amidst a crumbling economic climate. Opening in the streets of downtown Manhattan, Elliott (23), living at home after college, is surrounded by incomplete projects, frustrated and in search of purpose. Simultaneously, in New Orleans, Leanne (26), an aspiring model/actress and single mother of four, struggles to pick up the pieces, presenting at times a clash between family and her ambitious career. Plagued by an unforgiving criminal record, Jermaine (22), a New Orleans native, shifts through his home town for what seems like a hopeless attempt at legal employment. After a series of rejections, he resolves to reinvent himself in hopes of successfully starting anew. Following the events of Age of Ultron, the collective governments of the world pass an act designed to regulate all superhuman activity. This polarizes opinion amongst the Avengers, causing two factions to side with Iron Man or Captain America, which causes an epic battle between former allies. When a young man's bride is kidnapped by an evil king, he turns to Hercules for help. The fallen hero has been living in exile, banished for killing his family, but the young man's courage inspires Hercules. Together, they fight to rescue the bride and reclaim the honor of Hercules. Ten-year-old Trenk, peasant and property of evil Sir Wertolt, wants to become a knight and free his family. His sword may be heavier than himself, but with unflagging practice, he's soon ready to take on terrifying dragons and save damsels in distress - before conquering their hearts! "Trenk, the Little Knight' is the highly anticipated new animated feature from the producers of "Lilly The Witch." Set in the Middle Ages, it features marvelously drawn and colored backdrops along with storylines whose castles, tournaments and courtly society convey a realistic, authentic depiction of medieval life. It tells the deeply moving story of a young boy who must learn what heroism and courage are before he rises from lowly peasant to shining knight. Based on the bestselling books by Kirsten Boie. Artists Bo Bartlett and Betsy Eby travel the country finding art in their surroundings before being unexpectedly forced to consider what it would mean to lose the ability to see. Thor is imprisoned on the other side of the universe and finds himself in a race against time to get back to Asgard to stop Ragnarok, the destruction of his home-world and the end of Asgardian civilization, at the hands of an all-powerful new threat, the ruthless Hela. When a contract killer (Steven Seagal) encounters a girl on the run from a dangerous mob boss (Vinnie Jones) with powerful political ties, running a human trafficking operation, he is torn between protecting the girl, and remaining loyal to the government agency that hired him. Documentary - Set against the rich hues of India, Beyond The Surface follows Ishita Malaviya, India's first female surfer, and fellow wave riders Crystal Thornburg-Homcy, Liz Clark, Lauren Hill, Emi Koch, and Kate Baldwin. While on their journey through southern India, the women surfers and the people they meet share experiences and stories related to surfing, yoga, and ecological awareness, resulting in mutual feelings of hope, a fuel for change, and the empowerment of women. Highlighted by the undeniable power of surfing, Malaviya and her group of talented women search for the perfect waves as they forge with the people of India an unshakable determination to make the world a better place. - Fearing for his comatose girlfriend's life, Patrick creates a way to enter her world to bring her back to reality. Three little mice found a kitten in a mice town... All the mice in the town scared except the little mice... High in the wild heart of the American Rockies, Yellowstone is a place of extraordinary landscapes and geysers. Created by the largest volcanic explosions in the planet's history, Yellowstone became the world's first national park in the late 1870s. Now that the wolves have been returned to the park, Yellowstone has become an unparalleled wildlife sanctuary and perhaps the best place on the planet to see wolves and grizzly bears hunting elk. James gives himself 12 months before he has 'a license to kill himself', he sets off to the amazon rainforest with hopes of finding a shaman who can save his life. After their home is destroyed, Boxhead &amp; Roundhead must head to the big city to battle red tape, rent, rats and the rat race to get it back. Art and industry, friendship and foul play are all in the mix in this, the first feature length Boxhead &amp; Roundhead stressful adventure. Inspired by Saint Francis of Assisi's Canticle of the Creatures, an inner journey between visible and invisible, enlightened contemplation driven by the changing light of seasons. A military group of alpinists are selected to carry out a secret mission. The fate of humanity depends on their success. The rules of the mission require the death of each participant once his or her task is accomplished. After killing one of their colleagues and splitting into several groups, the alpinists continue their journey. But the human unconscious doesn't follow military orders. Having once committed murder, the "knights" can't control their desire to kill. They forgot their mission... and kill each other instead. --University of Pittsburgh While enjoying the flower gardens, Sailor Moon (Usagi) and friends encounter an old childhood friend of Mamoru's: an alien! He's come back to give Mamoru a special flower, but doesn't like Usagi and the rest of the planet's inhabitants. Sailor Moon must defend the earth from the evil Kisenian Flower he's brought back... before the evil vines and blossoms overrun the planet! On his way out of the wilderness, Jesus struggles with the Devil over the fate of a family in crisis, setting himself up for a dramatic test. When Jon returns on his first trip home from college, he inadvertently triggers events that inspire him to embark on an auspicious journey through the night to return a lost locket. Mbeu Yosintha was made to help farmers and rural communities cope with the effects of climate change and in particular the ever changing rain patterns in South East Africa. The film is a drama using local actors and was devised with Malawian writer Jonathan Mbuna following extensive research with various  agricultural NGOs in Malawi. Following successful drama like Mawa Langa this film has already been seen in Malawi by over 10,000 people in rural areas using a pedal-power cinema kit. Three boys, who are spending their summer vacation together, witness a crime and decide to bring the guilty to book. When the sorceress Klishty Ma has her romantic advances rejected by King Morpheus she kidnaps his infant child, Prince Shawn. The King and his army search for 20 years to find the heir to the throne. In Ancient Polynesia, when a terrible curse incurred by Maui reaches an impetuous Chieftain's daughter's island, she answers the Ocean's call to seek out the demigod to set things right. Three estranged foster brothers rediscover the ruins of their childhood kingdom 'Oxenfree'...and face down the monster living within. Arthur Bishop thought he had put his murderous past behind him when his most formidable foe kidnaps the love of his life. Now he is forced to travel the globe to complete three impossible assassinations, and do what he does best, make them look like accidents. When a meteor shower rains down outside Los Angeles, Jonas and Lars, two friends stuck in tired, boring lives, head out to find a meteor and strike it rich. After recovering one, they start being stalked by terrordactyls, ancient flying reptiles that launch a full-on assault on the city. Trying to survive, they go on the run... Entrepreneur Daniel Knoop tries to make investments in the Congo, but struggles to make them successful. Yellowbird lives in the ruins of an old house. He lacks the confidence to leave his home, no matter how much Bug, his labybird friend, tries to convince him to go out into the world. Attempts to toughen him up have had little success, so Bug seizes an opportunity that leaves Yellowbird unexpectedly finding himself the new leader of the flock that is migrating to Africa. Still, lacking faith in his own abilities and with danger and imminent failure lurking around every corner, our feathered hero is forced to either find the strength required to work with the team or bow out and stay hidden away forever. While urban exploring in an abandoned amusement park, three cosplaying girls accidentally unleash the vicious holiday beast known as Krampus. With the help of Santa Claus, can these girls stop Krampus from his killing spree? Few intellectuals have experienced as much admiration and hatred as Antonio Negri. His international best-selling book, Empire, a critical analysis of the new global economy coauthored with Michael Hardt, was hailed as a new manifesto for the 21st century, and turned Negri into a leading spokesperson for the international anti-globalization movement. Antonio Negri: A Revolt that Never Ends profiles the controversial life and times of this important moral and political philosopher, militant, prisoner, refugee, and so-called "enemy of the state." It traces his roots in the radical left-wing movements in Italy during the 60s and 70s, illustrated through incredible archival footage of strikes, factory occupations, terrorist actions, violent street confrontations, and government trials of dissidents. During these tumultuous decades Negri spent ten years in prison and fourteen years in Parisian exile, where he contributed to philosophical debates with authors such as Gilles Deleuze. The story of a young, gay black con artist who, posing as the son of Sidney Poitier, cunningly maneuvers his way into the lives of a white, upper-class New York family. Music rules and rainbows rock as Twilight Sparkle and pals compete for the top spot in the Canterlot High "Mane Event" talent show. The girls must rock their way to the top, and outshine rival Adagio Dazzle and her band The Dazzlings, to restore harmony back to Canterlot High. This film dives into a new world of possibilities, from the diversity of emotions tcreated by this one man alone in this house to his behavior and transformation on the world that he is creating. There's a myth that suggests the ghost of the 16th-century Portuguese king Don Sebastiaan founded a magical kingdom on the island of Lencois off the Brazilian coast after his defeat against the Moors. Five centuries later, a young Portuguese woman (and a small film crew) arrives there. The island is still enchanting. Industrious high school senior, Vee Delmonico, has had it with living life on the sidelines. When pressured by friends to join the popular online game Nerve, Vee decides to sign up for just one dare in what seems like harmless fun. But as she finds herself caught up in the thrill of the adrenaline-fueled competition partnered with a mysterious stranger, the game begins to take a sinister turn with increasingly dangerous acts, leading her into a high stakes finale that will determine her entire future. The way of the eagle is to raise two chicks. The stronger is destined always to throw the weaker from the nest. Man also has his ways, often to hurt those closest to him.  Lukas suffers at the hands of a father who has withdrawn since the loss of his wife. Killed whilst rescuing the infant Lukas, the boy now carries the burden of her death.  Our eagle's story begins in the nest. The first-born chick pushes his weaker brother to a certain death on the forest floor. But fate intervenes and the chick is found by Lukas. Naming him Abel, Lukas cares for the creature in secret, finding a love and companionship denied to him at home. But when the day comes to release Abel back into the wild, will Lukas find his own release into a new life? The Daniel Project puts ancient predictions under a journalistic microscope and examinates of Biblical prophecies attempts to determine how accurately they've predicted modern events such as terrorism, climate change and armed conflict in the Middle East. If false, the Bible is discredited. If true, there are rough times ahead. During the Holocaust, a young Jewish girl flees from the grasp of the Gestapo and finds herself stranded on an abandoned farm. Biblical archaeologist Don Verdean is hired by a local church pastor to find faith-promoting relics in the Holy Land. But after a fruitless expedition he is forced to get creative in this comedy of faith and fraud. The Dwarves, Bilbo and Gandalf have successfully escaped the Misty Mountains, and Bilbo has gained the One Ring. They all continue their journey to get their gold back from the Dragon, Smaug. Under the loving but firm guidance of an old fan turned director and cultural diplomat, and to the surprise of a whole world, the ex-Yugoslavian cult band Laibach becomes the first rock group ever to perform in the fortress state of North Korea. Alternately tragic and comic, an exploration of the complexities of love in both its brightest and darkest corners. Adapted from John Irving's best-selling novel A Widow for One Year, the film is set in the privileged beach community of East Hampton, New York and chronicles one pivotal summer in the lives of famous children's book author Ted Cole (Jeff Bridges) and his beautiful wife Marion (Kim Basinger). Their once-great marriage has been strained by tragedy. Her resulting despondency and his subsequent infidelities have prevented the couple from confronting a much-needed change in their relationship. Eddie O'Hare, the young man Ted hires to work as his summer assistant, is the couple's unwitting yet willing pawn - and, ultimately, the catalyst in the transformation of their lives. Afghanistan 2014  As the withdrawal of troops approaches, Captain Antares Bonassieu and his squad have been assigned a surveillance mission in a remote valley of Wakhan, on the border of Pakistan. Despite Antares and his men's determination, control of the secluded valley will slowly fall out of their hands. One dark night, soldiers begin to mysteriously disappear in the valley. After living abroad for several years, journalist John Royer returns to the United States just after the U.S. enters World War II. His boast that he could easily smuggle rubber, a key wartime natural resource, out of Malaya has him tasked with doing just that. He manages to get someone from his past, Carnaghan, sprung from Alactraz and together they head off to South East Asia posing as Irishmen. Once there, Carnaghan lines up some of his old cronies and with Royer and a few plantation owners plans to smuggle the rubber out from under the Japanese army's watchful eye. A college professor travels to New York City to attend a conference and finds a young couple living in his apartment. A road trip, undertaken by Rishi Kapoor and Abhishek Bachchan, is later joined by their mother. In the small town of Ottawa, Illinois, where a rumor can spread like the plague and nobody's business is their own, six friends decide to change their weekly routine of watching movies in the basement and talking shit, to go out for a night on the town. On most nights this wouldn't be that taxing. But tonight isn't most nights. With rumors of the police commissioner's alleged disappearance circulating, and the mayor enacting a strict curfew, it doesn't take long for things to spiral out of control and the whole town to go mad. Is it just hysteria? Is it a curse? Is it Abraham Lincoln's fault? Nobody knows. But for the gang, only one thing is certain. They should have NEVER left the basement. The frankest of films from within a shelter for homeless women. Their stories usually combine domestic violence or acrimonious divorce, with mental fragility. Sonja is trying to make contact with her estranged children. Rula, is unsuccessfully trying to build a home with a new husband. This doc offers a unique window into their world. An evocative reminder of the fragility of human existence, and the value of a stable psyche. Assassin Robert Rath arrives at a funeral to kill a prominent mobster, only to witness a rival hired gun complete the job for him -- with grisly results. Horrified by the murder of innocent bystanders, Rath decides to take one last job and then return to civilian life. But finding his way out of the world of contract killing grows ever more dangerous as Rath falls for his female target and becomes a marked man himself. A sports wanderlust by three guys to visit every NFL stadium in the iconic vehicle that has inspired countless road trips and captivated the world a split window VW Bus named Hail Mary. Three guys one 1967 VW Bus and 25,000 miles of American roadways. Its about people, the community of NFL fans and VW enthusiasts alike. It's about emotional ties to teams bizarre infatuation and just down right love for the sport. The film is a 25,000 mile journey to glory documenting the human spirit through freedom friendship sports and America. Learn spanish play words Frackman tells the story of accidental activist Dayne Pratzky and his struggle against international gas companies. Australia will soon become the world's biggest gas exporter as more than 30,000 'fracked' wells are sunk in the state of Queensland where Dayne lives. He and his neighbours have unwittingly become the centre of a massive industrial landscape and they have no legal right to stop mining on their land. Dayne embarks on a journey that transforms him from conservative pig-shooter to sophisticated global activist as the Frackman. He meets the people drawn into a battle that is crossing the ideological divide, bringing together a peculiar alliance of farmers, activists and political conservatives. Along the way Dayne encounters love, tragedy and triumph. A desert survival reality show goes horribly wrong.  The life of Kim Davis, the young live-in girlfriend of legendary casino owner Ray Easler, is thrown upside down when she falls for Matt Duvall, the man Ray hires to bury his $20 million fortune of silver on the floor of the Nevada desert. Four girlfriends take a trip to New Orleans for an annual festival and, along the way, rediscover their wild sides and strengthen the bonds of sisterhood. Documentary - The Current tells the story of individuals from all walks of life that have faced incredible obstacles, found the drive to overcome their disabilities, and have through water sports become real everyday heroes. - Bethany Hamilton, Missy Franklin, Mallory Weggemann, Anthony Robles, Jesse Murphree The film is set in 1521 Antwerp, in a Europe ravaged by religious wars, and during the early years of the Reformation. It tells the story of the twelve year old, Falko Voeten - a printer's son. When Falko's father, Klaas Voeten, a printer of forbidden literature, is caught by the Inquisition for printing a letter written by Maarten Luther; Falko is unwittingly propelled into helping his father and into searching for the letter. Threatened by the Inquisition but aided by Marieke, a Catholic orphan girl from the underground sewers, Falko is faced with a race against time if he is to save his father from being executed for heresy. Bitte Andersson's debut feature >>Dyke Hard<< is a wild John Waters-inspired queer comedy following a lesbian rock band's violent adventures back in 1986. Dyke Hard is a failed rock group travelling to a battle of the bands competition in the big city. The journey is further filled with bizarre, fierce and passionate encounters with cyborgs, ghosts, a thai boxer, roller derby gals, ninjas, motorcycle gangs and a mysterious billionaire all of whom will do everything to stop the band from making it in time to the battle.  Ram Murthy (Nagineedu) is a retired headmaster who does not tolerate mistakes. He enforces a strict code of conduct in his family and anyone making more than a 100 mistakes is banished from the household. Sundeep (Sundeep Kishan) is his youngest son and Ram Murthy is quite irritated with the young lad's behaviour.  Sundeep has racked up a score of 99/100 in the mistakes department and he is one mistake away from being banished from the family. Meanwhile, a marriage alliance is fixed for Sundeep's elder brother Brahmaji (Brahmaji) and the entire family boards the Venkatadri Express to travel to Tirupati for the wedding.  As usual, Sundeep gets into trouble and misses the train. Afraid of being banished from the family, Sundeep tries his best to catch up with the train. He must beg, borrow and even steal in order to get onto the train before Tirupati. Dora, a girl who has spent most of her life exploring the jungle with her parents, now must navigate her most dangerous adventure yet: high school. Always the explorer, Dora quickly finds herself leading Boots (her best friend, a monkey), Diego, and a rag tag group of teens on an adventure to save her parents and solve the impossible mystery behind a lost Inca civilization. In 1919, a film crew set out on an epic journey across Canada's North. Over the course of six months, their expedition traveled by icebreaker, canoe, and dog sled, capturing the Canadian fur trade in a silent feature documentary. The Romance of the Far Fur Country was released in 1920, two years before the legendary film Nanook of the North. Rediscovering the documentary in a British archive, another film crew begins a journey to resurrect the lost film, taking it to the communities where the film was originally shot. Images come to life; people recognize faces, landscapes, and lost traditions. In the summer of 2006, the Chinese government fulfilled a fifty-year plan to build a railway into Tibet. As noted by Abrahm Lustgarten in his book China's Great Train, 'Since Mao Tse Tung first envisioned it, the railway line had grown into an imperative component of China's breakneck economic expansion and one of the first technological maneuvers in strengthening China's grip over Tibet, this remote and often mystical frontier, which promises rich resources and geographic supremacy over South Asia'. The documentary High Train to Tibet examines the impacts of the train on the Tibetan land and the nomadic and semi nomadic communities who inhabit it, from a environmental, social and cultural point of view. A thousand years ago, one boy with a dream of becoming a great warrior is abducted with his sister and taken to a land far away from home. Thrown into a world where greed and injustice rule all, Bilal finds the courage to raise his voice and make a change. Inspired by true events, this is a story of a real hero who earned his remembrance in time and history. While attending an all-girls boarding school in New England in the 1960s, five nonconformist students (Lauren Storm, Haley Hudson, Sarah Aldrich, Brooke Lyons and B.K. Cannon) develop an uncommon bond by uncovering a stunning, life-altering secret -- and by standing up to authority. Mariette Hartley, Charlotte Stewart and Lynda Scarlino co-star in this compelling coming-of-age tale from director Camille Poisson. As a sea nomad, Hook grew up with the ocean as his universe. Now he must make a courageous voyage to salvage the remains of his dying culture Debbie Ocean, a criminal mastermind, gathers a crew of female thieves to pull off the heist of the century at New York's annual Met Gala. A reimagining /regurgitation and re-dubbing of a classic silent horror flick! Shot in mind-shattering 2D (&amp; 36DD), featuring T&amp;A and epic voice-over 'voom', by Ms. Ilham Otaku &amp; Pepe Chingadero! Original 1922 star Max Schreck plays (in newly tinted archive footage, mixed, with new) Count Orlock, a deviant, adulterous, shape-shifting Transylvanian vampire aristocrat &amp; super creep, who is tearing Bremen, a new corn-hole &amp; it's up to a 'brotha-in-a-collar' and a creole nun with a flamin' gun, to stop him, in this 'creature-feature' fang-fest! Co-Starring Canadian Scream Queen: Vivita, with new footage shot in tantalizing Watt-a-Rama &amp; dubbed in Tex-O-Phonic Super-Sound A group of childhood friends, now in their thirties, reunite at Camp Tamakwa. Only a few of the original campers show up, but they still have a good time reminiscing. The people share experiences and grow while at the camp. They are dismayed to discover that the camp's owner, Unca Lou, is going to close the camp down. Kaleab and Jemal are two who are willing to endure any travail to reach America and what they deem as a promise of a better life, but is it? Along the way Kaleab meets Winta, who is from neighboring Eritrea and on a similar journey as Kaleab. Kaleab and Winta fall in love with each other as the group of Ethiopians and Eritreans travel an arduous and illegal path from East Africa through Libya, Italy, Mexico and finally to America, but their love for each other is tested thoroughly as the group meets up with violence, sickness and, ultimately, tragedy. Sex on the metro! The director has taken footage shot in a completely empty compartment on the London underground and married it to the off-camera reading of a pornographic text that includes detailed masturbation instructions for a female rider. The whole sexy trip, driven by musical clinking sounds, is framed by images of a woman in black bandages using a leather whip for self-flagellation. Take a ride on the wild side! In the 17th century a warrior woman fights for the independence of Angola. After witnessing the murder of her son and watching her people being humiliated by Portuguese colonizers, Njinga will become a Queen and struggle for their liberation embodying the motto: those who stay fight to win. Inspired by Saint Francis of Assisi's Canticle of the Creatures, an inner journey between visible and invisible, enlightened contemplation driven by the changing light of seasons. Following the fall of the Roman Empire, a Roman woman plots to make her son the new Emperor and to fulfill the former glory of the city. A diplomatic official is captured and imprisoned while touring a war zone, so a team of elite female commandos is assembled to infiltrate a women's prison for a daring rescue. Through a series of misunderstandings, Alvin, Simon and Theodore come to believe that Dave is going to propose to his new girlfriend in New York City - and dump them. They have three days to get to him and stop the proposal. When an average office working middle-class citizen thinks of doing something new with his life, he struggles to actually DO something new.  Drawn to the city in the shadow of Cathedral Mountain, where airships glide above scenes of treachery and violence, Flynn seeks the source of his family curse. Jerome wants to make a film that embodies our time and the sempiternal crisis of the present-day: so what better subject matter than chairs, the true symbol of all semi-logical reasoning, everyday tools that are easy to use, and the perfect incarnation of all productive processes? A young woman fights to keep her farm afloat. Her stubborn nature keeps her going when she meets a mysterious stranger in need of help. The film ' Antboy: Revenge of the Red Fury ' is a sequel to the Danish superhero film Antboy, based on the books by Kenneth Bogh Andersen. The story is again on the ordinary Danish boy Pelle, who secretly fights crime as a superhero Antboy. In the first film, he made   short work of the super villain flea , now tucked away on the local insane clinic. Julia, a Los Angeles photographer, journeys to the Canadian Arctic. Her whimsical trip becomes a life threatening disaster. Julia, abandoned, ill equipped, and stranded on sea ice, is rescued by Malaya, a young Inuit girl. Julia discovers the dark truth of Malaya's world. Blindsided by a new generation of blazing-fast racers, the legendary Lightning McQueen is suddenly pushed out of the sport he loves. To get back in the game, he will need the help of an eager young race technician with her own plan to win, inspiration from the late Fabulous Hudson Hornet, and a few unexpected turns. Proving that #95 isn't through yet will test the heart of a champion on Piston Cup Racing's biggest stage! Elastigirl springs into action to save the day, while Mr. Incredible faces his greatest challenge yet - taking care of the problems of his three children. When Jay and Annie first got together, their romantic connection was intense - but ten years and two kids later, the flame of their love needs a spark.  To kick things up a notch, they decide - why not? - to make a video of themselves trying out every position in The Joy of Sex in one marathon three-hour session.  It seems like a great idea - until they discover that their most private video is no longer private.  With their reputations on the line, they know they're just one click away from being laid bare to the world... but as their race to reclaim their video leads to a night they'll never forget, they'll find that their video will expose even more than they bargained for. Mallister takes Thane prisoner and forces Marek and her team on a quest.  Marek tracks down the Necromancer for a final showdown for the Darkspore. I meet Herbert in the same week I get diagnosed with cancer. We fall madly in love and plan to stay together for the rest of our lives. Three months later, he is dead. Herbert was a BASE Jumper. Leaping off a cliff with nothing but a parachute, he loses his balance, slams into the rock face and falls to his death. His loss in the midst of my chemotherapy completely throws me. Why does he gamble his life away, while I fight for mine? Desperate for answers, I return to Lauterbrunnen, the scene of the accident where Andreas, his best friend and coach, introduces me to the world of BASE. The jumpers teach me not only about the sport, but about facing fears, harnessing and controlling them. To make the most of the life we get. In the Swiss Death Valley I slowly find my way back to life. Growing up in a small town, Charlie, Alex and Nick weren't the most popular kids around after they formed "The Elite Monster Unit". Chasing notorious, mythical legends and ghosts was exciting to them, not "cool" to the other kids around. So they lived their lives on the outside of the "in" crowd. Making matters worse was Charlie's obvious crush on Brandy, one of the most popular kids in school and sister to one of the biggest bullies around. Trying to impress Brandy, Charlie accepts a dare from her brother Nick that says he and his friends must spend Halloween night in a house long rumored to be haunted.What seems to be an easy challenge quickly turns out to be a night of frights as Charlie, Nick and Alex find themselves in the fight of their lives trying to out smart (and outrun) their new nemesis, a ghost dog named Salty, who does whatever he can to make this the worst night of their lives... As a small-town girl catapults from underground video sensation to global superstar, she and her three sisters begin a one-in-a-million journey of discovering that some talents are too special to keep hidden. Four aspiring musicians will take the world by storm when they see that the key to creating your own destiny lies in finding your own voice. A group of mariachis receives a letter to be part of the National Mariachi Contest in Mexico City. In order to be able to win they will need to travel together and solve their differences since their prime was 30 years ago. When his fiancee is kidnapped by human traffickers, Roman and his ex-military brothers set out to track her down and save her before it is too late. Along the way, Roman teams up with Avery, a cop investigating human trafficking and fighting the corrupt bureaucracy that has harmful intentions. British soldiers guarding the Kajaki Dam set out to rescue a three-man team after one of them loses a leg to a landmine. A documentary film by Robert Allen Schnitzer, documenting the 1969 occupation of Stony Brook University by Students for a Democratic Society - the largest anti-war student activist organisation in the US at the time. Returning to his homeland after years of slavery, a Norman prince seeks revenge on his father's  murderer - his ruthless uncle, Earl Durant. Gaining the trust of a band of exiled farmers, he leads them into battle against Durant, exploiting them in his inexorable quest for vengeance. As one by one they are slaughtered in the brutal battle, will the prince sacrifice everything an everyone to fulfil his quest for blood? Joe Alien fulfills a dream of coming to Earth to find that it's overrun by zombies. Finding an ally in young Parker, he attempts to save the world! A Gypsy boy of the Onion clan and his Romanian friend in a village lost in Transylvania decide to flee to the big city to become actors. This seems the best way to get some easy money to rid themselves of the excruciating poverty and help the Onion clan's older brother get a dowry and marry the daughter of the rich Garlic clan. The two young boys run away from school, in an attempt to create a better life for themselves and their families. The road is beset with adventures as they scour rural Transylvania and its picturesque landscape. The latest exploitation / Grindhouse feature film from Ungovernable Films, featuring all your favorite ungovernable motifs like sex, gore, violence, nudity, schlock, and laughs! Oh, and of course a social message! This time it's "fuck the police!" Ozzy is an enthusiastic and friendly flying monkey, son of the legendary Goliath, the brave warrior. They serve Evilene - the wicked witch - just as the rest of their kin. But Ozzy is not happy about it and when Evilene's plans put Oz once again in peril, Ozzy reaches out to the Champions of Oz, three great friends (the Lion, the Scarecrow and the Tinman) with incredible qualities that have taken Emerald City to its maximum splendor. When her grandfather has a car accident, Isabel (11) takes on his search for the sword that has been promised to her ancestor centuries ago by the world famous musketeer D'Artagnan. Assisted by her nephew Rik (12) and friend Jules (13), she will need just as much bravery, loyalty and perseverance as the illustrious musketeer to find his lost sword, to save her grandfather and to reunite her family.   A has-been cowboy is given a second chance at the hands of an unexpected teacher. NGC presents the true story of an unlikely World War II band of brothers. The unsuspecting group of scholars, academics, historians and architects headed to the front lines of the bloodiest war in history to rescue thousands of years' worth of European art and culture from Nazi-occupied Europe. Through extensive archive sources and photographs, journals and letter excerpts, along with the personal accounts from surviving family members, this special sheds light on the remarkable story.  Documentary  -  10 February 2014 (USA) When Shakespeare Must Die, a Thai film adaptation of Macbeth is banned by the Thai government as a threat to national security, the film's producer treks through the corridors of power to un-ban his Shakespearean horror movie--from the Cultural ministry to the Senate and the National Human Rights Commission, all the way to the Administrative Court where he is suing the government for abuse of power. Wherever he went, amidst political upheaval, his director followed with a camera. The resulting reality cinema is the living story of a struggle for justice and human dignity, for freedom of expression, which Thai filmmakers do not have. A dark cinematic record of democracy in action, in all its farcical, obscene and heartbreaking details. Poor farmer's son Tom Little may be small, but what he lacks in brawn, he more than makes up for in brains and bravery. When a magic mirror shows him that the love of his life is no less than the beautiful princess, he's determined to win her heart. The year is 2045, the continuing drug war has caused havoc between The United States government and Mexico. Gear Side International, a robotics engineering company loses a multi billion dollar government contract due to bad practices. On the brink of bankruptcy, they sell off their technology to the Malvado cartel on the black market. With the advanced military robotics technology in the wrong hands. The cartel uses it to their advantage; replacing their enforcers, hit men, and soldiers. The cartel eventually becomes a very powerful threat to The United States Two Southern California College Students plot their escape after being kidnapped by a human trafficking ring while on Spring Break in Mexico. Valencia, Spain. On a rainy morning, six armed men in disguise assault a bank. But what seemed like an easy heist, quickly goes wrong with nothing unfolding as planned, and mistrust quickly builds between the two leaders of the gang. In a California desert town, a short-order cook with clairvoyant abilities encounters a mysterious man with a link to dark, threatening forces.   During a manned mission to Mars, Astronaut Mark Watney is presumed dead after a fierce storm and left behind by his crew. But Watney has survived and finds himself stranded and alone on the hostile planet. With only meager supplies, he must draw upon his ingenuity, wit and spirit to subsist and find a way to signal to Earth that he is alive. H2mexicO is not simply a documentary or a surf film, it is a groundbreaking stand up paddling journey on the 43 meter mega surf-yacht Royal Pelagic, that follows 8 superstars of the sport as they take SUPing where it has never been before--the rugged and surf drenched Baja coast. Dave Kalama, Gerry Lopez, Jamie Mitchell, Chuck Patterson, Connor Baxter, Slater Trout, Danny Ching, Dave Boehne, and Talia Decoite have transformed the sport from a fledgling hobby into a worldwide phenomenon, and you will now be able to witness the incredible advancement in technology and ability for yourself. In the same down to earth style and flow of the predecessor--the award winning film H2indO filmed in Indonesia--H2mexicO is slated to become the "Endless Summer" for SUP It's still the bloodiest war ever fought by the United States. The Civil War divided a nation, pitted brother against brother, friend against friend, family against family and nearly destroyed a nation. When it was over the country was decimated, worn and beaten, but the American spirit was stronger than ever and freedom for all peoples had been upheld and preserved. No one loves war, but as it showed us, the cost of freedom isn't free! Jack Oei (8) has two moms, is an only child and feels lonely. Jack's biggest wish is a brother. But no matter how much he begs his moms, the little brother just doesn't arrive. Jack decides to take matters in his own hands.... Natsuko Yotsuya (Ema Sakura) is a teenager and she is also known as Bon. She lives in a town and has a friend, Miyu-chan, who lives with her boyfriend in Tokyo. Miyu-chan though is abused by her boyfriend. To bring back her friend back, Natsuko and her childhood friend Rintaro Tomoda (Mahiro Takasugi), also known as Lin, go to Tokyo together. With the help of a man, who they met through an internet forum for "boys' love" manga fans, they head to Miyu-chan's house. Back To The Temple Of The Sun is a travelogue set in the desserts, mountains and jungle of Peru. Deep underground in the wilderness of New Zealand gigantic and widely unexplored cave systems entice adventurers and cavers of the entire globe. In a post-apocalyptic wasteland, an orphaned teen must battle a ruthless warlord to save the girl of his dreams. Award-winning martial arts director Stanley Tong (Rumble in the Bronx, Supercop) joins forces with director Anthony Szeto to deliver this computer animated martial arts adventure for the entire family. A fantastical version of the Chinese ancient Middle K Connected By Coffee tells the story of Latin American coffee farmers and how our daily brew is deeply connected to a troubled past and hopeful future. Following a 1000-mile journey from Mexico to Nicaragua, the film will show how equitable trading relationships are empowering communities and bringing social justice. Atoi (Zizan Raja Lawak) dreams of becoming a superhero. One day, he gets struck by lightning and he gets his wish - he can now move as fast as a speeding bullet and he has extraordinary vision. He follows superhero manager Din Abu (Afdlin Shauki) to Kuala Lumpur and makes a name for himself there. Suffering culture shock at first, he gets involved in the social scene and changes his name to Azroy. In fact, when his mother, girlfriend, and friends from his hometown come to visit, Atoi pretends as if he does not know them. Soon, they too turn their backs on Atoi. When Atoi realises his mistakes, it is a case of too little too late as he has lost his powers and the evil force, Alakazambo, has kidnapped his family. A powerful true story of three extraordinary people devoting their lives to serving the poor and the sick of Cape Town, South Africa. Narrated by Dove Award winner Joel Smallbone of the band, For King & Country. Animated adaptation of Chaucer's famous narrative poems, using a variety of groundbreaking animation techniques. On a pilgrimage from London to the tomb of Thomas Becket in Canterbury, a group of travellers from all walks of medieval society recount tales and stories to each other to provide amusement on the journey. Katya and her fiance Andrey - successful young banker fly to Malta on holiday.  At the diving center they accidentally meet Max - professional diver, secretly engaged in black archaeology and Katya's ex boyfriend so the adventures start... Two brothers sneak into a circus in order to free their grandfather's horse and fulfill his last wish. A rescue attempt of a German traitor during World War I has unexpected consequences and sets off an adventure across the Arabian desert. Rejoining the orphan Charlie in this stand alone film. Now he has a family with Gerda and Kurre. But when Gerda gets a child of her own, Charlies happiness feels threaten. A fair is in town and the family visits it, Charlie meets a wizard who shows her the tricks to a new world, but the wizards holds more darker secrets up his sleeve. The Essence of Surfing is a riveting surf documentary that gets to the heart of why surfing is the greatest sport in the world. Featuring surfers of all kinds, from the neighborhood grom to some of the greatest surfers to ever live, The Essence of Surfing uncovers what it is about this awesome sport that makes it a necessary part of each of their lives. Shot in the world's most beautiful locations by top notch Cinematographers Erik Ippel and Mike Prickett, this film is sure to hook and inspire anyone looking to get wet and catch some waves. For three years, the director followed a few pilgrim's journey on Saint Jame's way, the most famous European pilgrimage. There are no paths to Compostela alike. No matter their age, their social background, their religious beliefs, each and everyone of them must overstep their limits and face their true self. These ordeals affect their inner-self as well as their body. Step after step, a new pace of life takes over, the path leads to new perceptions. Through repeated contact with wildlife, elements and other pilgrims, individuals reconnect with their true place. The way's alchemy spreads over. The pilgrim's journey finally comes to an end at Cape Finisterre by burning his old clothes. The old man vanishes, giving birth to the new man. The story takes place in a primeval forest in southwest China, the forest near the village each time they suddenly encountered the beast attacked, there will be a wild man in distress rescued villagers, local villagers called mountain charm.  A group of uninvited guests broke the silence of the forest: a suffering Tong reporters with his autistic son Tong of the forest came to encounter the mountain charm; animal protection station claiming poaching gangs at this time find this savage, Wu owners and others in pursuit of mountain charm.  Mountain charm in the way of escape injury, Charm Tong of looking to the mountain after mountain charm slowly and become good friends. Tong of twice sneaked into the nest poaching gangs and fight poaching. Master Wu killed little monkey, Charm Tong of the mountain in order to revenge, set up numerous institutions in the forest, protected forest, the gang of poachers gang to justice. Compilation film of "Space Battleship Yamato 2199" TV series.  The year is 2199. The human race has been crushed in their war with the Gamilos, driven into underground cities by the invader's assault. Scientists estimate they have only a year left. The young officers Susumu Kodai and Daisuke Shima receive a mysterious capsule from a ship that made an emergency landing on Mars and return with it to Earth. It contains humanity's last hope: the planet Iscandar on the other side of the Magellan Galaxy has the technology to defeat the Gamilos and restore the planet. The space battleship Yamato is entrusted with this task, but they have only one year before humanity ends. When You Are Called To Act, What Will You Do? In 2013, comic book sales reached its highest level in a generation... private citizens worldwide donned costumes as part of a growing real - life super hero movement... and superhero-base movies remained Hollywood's biggest box office draw. What is driving this rising superhero craze in our mainstream culture? The Wright Brothers want an answer. Follow them on an odyssey that begins at Comic-Con, then ends in a search to discover if there are genuine heroes among us. This riveting docudrama dramatizes the pulse-pounding stories of remarkable individuals the Wrights cross paths with in their quest. They represent 4 generations, who play diverse roles - athlete, philanthropist, social activist and soldier - engaging their lives by taking action. When Ace, a cocky young firefighter, defies his orders and recklessly puts his team in jeopardy, he resigns to the coal mines. Until one day he gets the chance to redeem himself. The BFG is no ordinary bone-crunching giant. He is far too nice and jumbly. It's lucky for Sophie that he is. Had she been carried off in the middle of the night by the Bloodbottler, or any of the other giants--rather than the BFG--she would have soon become breakfast. When Sophie hears that the giants are flush-bunking off to England to swollomp a few nice little chiddlers, she decides she must stop them once and for all. And the BFG is going to help her! US-Documentary on Jackie Chan and Bruce Lee Sean's death leaves behind a twin brother, a lover and a good friend. His last will and testament insists that the three get together on a road trip to plant a cross where he died and also to try and get along. His twin brother had for years distanced himself from them because he did not approve of his brother's cabaret lifestyle and the friends he kept. They set off on a road trip through Southern Africa to perform tasks laid down in the will in order to inherit from the estate. They also have to do one final task of performing as a trio, the 'Manginas' for one last show with the twin brother taking his brothers part as a drag artist. Heidi is orphaned and her uncaring maternal Aunt Dete takes her to the mountains to live with her reclusive, grumpy paternal grandfather, Adolph Kramer. Heidi brings her grandfather back into mountain society through her sweet ways and sheer love. When Dete later returns and steals Heidi away to become the companion of a rich man's wheelchair-bound daughter, the grandfather is heartsick to discover his little girl missing and immediately sets out to get her back. Blinky Bill is a little koala with a big imagination. An adventurer at heart, he dreams of leaving the little town of Green Patch and following in his missing father's footsteps. When Blinky discovers a mysterious marker that hints at his Dad's whereabouts, he embarks on a journey that takes him beyond the boundary of Green Patch and into the wild and dangerous Outback. A grumpy old sailor wants only to finish building his boat so he can set out to sea. But from local officals to troubled fosters kid, the world keeps intervening to test his determination to make something of his golden years. A long forgotten ancient spacecraft discovered on Earth. Investigations carried out by Scout transport her to the moon whereupon she meets the impressive machines preserving the wisdom of that long lost civilization.  They couldn't be more different, the members of the trio that allies in the fight against an Ancient Ice Ghost (AIG): Tom, an easily scared boy, Hetty, a professional ghosthunter and the loveable, but pretty slimy Hugo - a ghost. Will the team manage to save their town from the next ice age? 150 years ago, Samuel Clemens spent 88 days in Calaveras and Tuolumne counties in the winter of 1864/65. While taking refuge from the rain in Angels Camp, he was told the story of a jumping frog. That frog made him famous as Mark Twain.  In May of 2013, The Okee Dokee Brothers hiked sections of the Appalachian Trail. During their month-long journey on the trail, they camped, hiked, and composed the songs that make up the album, Through the Woods. This 50-minute movie details their adventure with interviews, music videos, and other shenanigans set in the Appalachian wilderness. Tom is an American who moves to Tokyo on what he thinks is to be a temporary situation. He struggles to fit into the Japanese culture and hides behind the Internet. He meets Saki, a free-spirited Japanese woman who changes the way he views the world. After recovering from a devastating sickness that brought him to the edge of despair, Eric Gladen would quit his career, move into an RV, and travel the country for years trying to piece together one of the biggest childhood epidemics of all time...and he just may have done it. Vampire death dealer Selene fends off brutal attacks from both the Lycan clan and the Vampire faction that betrayed her. With her only allies, David and his father Thomas, she must stop the eternal war between Lycans and Vampires, even if it means she has to make the ultimate sacrifice. Saban's Power Rangers follows five ordinary teens who must become something extraordinary when they learn that their small town of Angel Grove -- and the world -- is on the verge of being obliterated by an alien threat. Chosen by destiny, our heroes quickly discover they are the only ones who can save the planet. But to do so, they will have to overcome their real-life issues and before it's too late, band together as the Power Rangers. Two years after the events of the Fourth Great Ninja War, the moon that Hagoromo Otsutsuki created long ago to seal away the Gedo Statue begins to descend towards the world, threatening to become a meteor that would destroy everything on impact. Amidst this crisis, a direct descendant of Kaguya Otsutsuki named Toneri Otsutsuki attempts to kidnap Hinata Hyuga but ends up abducting her younger sister Hanabi. Naruto and his allies now mount a rescue mission before finding themselves embroiled in a final battle to decide the fate of everything. A teenage girl with nothing to lose joins a traveling magazine sales crew, and gets caught up in a whirlwind of hard partying, law bending and young love as she criss-crosses the Midwest with a band of misfits. Many years ago, on a faraway island, there lived a Sun Duck who protected his flock from evil powers. The Sun Duck had his loyal guardians who made sure the Sun evenly spread its energy on their flourishing land. The bliss continued until an Evil Witch learned of the Sun Duck's superpowers. She seized the guardians and stole the Sun Duck away for the only sake every living woman would understand: eternal youth and mesmerizing beauty.  Today, nobody believes in old legends. Mandarin ducks peacefully reside on their island and abide by the law that prescribes "no flying on the island" and "never leave the island". The Emperor is the only one who knows that the legend is true and that the next generation Sun Duck has been born. He keeps it in strict secrecy, but the Witch also knows that the legend is true and she is coming back for her next victim. As a dinosaur apocalypse begins in a small town, a Paleontologist and a Nazi descendant join forces with a War Veteran to find his daughter. A group of journalists are traveling through the different places and different times trying to solve historical mystery. Five girls from the city go on a rural getaway surrounded by lush jungles and beautiful beaches. But there's trouble in paradise when an excursion into the forest leads the five girls into a dangerous encounter with local criminals, who are endangering the surrounding ancient cultural relics. However, these aren't docile city girls who cower to danger; these vicious vixens decide to take action. Explore the mysterious and dangerous home of the king of the apes as a team of explorers ventures deep inside the treacherous, primordial island. In a small east-european ghetto, the Jewish family is celebrating Easter. The fraternal dissonance between the Sigoulim brothers pretty accurately mirrors the strife between the two powers, one surrounding Samuel, a devoted rabbi, and the other around Moise, a talented money lender. Moise becomes the king of petrol and ships to London with his niece Lia. Conflict continues and leads to the violent strike by oilworkers... Conan tries to track down Kaito Kid, who supposedly steals a replica of one of Van Gogh's Sunflowers paintings during an auction.   Africa's elephants are hurtling towards extinction to fuel the worldwide ivory trade. While conservationists howl and corrupt governments fail to address the ongoing slaughter, one brave family has been working for decades to stem the tide, one elephant at a time. Gardeners of Eden is a gripping, first-person experience inside the operations of Kenya's David Sheldrick Wildlife Trust. From the front lines of the crisis, we witness their heroic efforts to stop the poachers in the bush, rescue the orphans of slain elephants and raise them by hand, until one day, returning them to their home in the wild. A runaway couple go on an unforgettable journey from Boston to Key West, recapturing their passion for life and their love for each other on a road trip that provides revelation and surprise right up to the very end.  After losing his job on a coin-toss a man concocts a fantastical plan to build an enterprise of harvesting coins from wishing fountains. Horse breeder Scott Engstrom has been trying for years to prove that the Appaloosa, a rare American horse breed, came from Asia and not Spain. With only 109 true Appaloosas left in the world the question is vital. After spotting a horse uncannily like an Appaloosa on a TV show filmed in Kyrgyzstan, the fiery 69-year-old heads for central Asia. A rogue band of resistance fighters unite for a mission to steal the Death Star plans and bring a new hope to the galaxy. What if the Surrealists were living today, in Berlin? Lexia, a Bosnian vagabond, comes to Berlin to become an artist. But she finds what she's never had. A family. Elixir is a story about love, art and fear. After finishing high school, Oliver, Moises, and Heminway start a journey through the Dominican Republic to find their calling. VolcanoScapes... Dancing with the Goddess is a two-hour documentary... a volcano film unlike anything you have ever imagined. Volcanoes are a connection to the planet that we are able to make in no other way. Wildlife film. South African naturalist Mike Rutzen is crazy about great white sharks. He never saw Jaws, so he doesn't share the terror that makes these sharks the world's most feared predator.  For ten years, Mike has swum with great whites without the protection of a cage. He has spent so much time in their company that he has learnt to read their body language and to think like a shark. It is this knowledge that keeps him safe.  Mike's quest to understand them better now takes him into the heart of a seal ambush site, where he hopes to witness their hunting behaviour underwater. Haunted by the murder of her politician husband 6 years ago, former police detective Joanne Kilbourn (Wendy Crewson) keeps looking for clues, with the help of her old partner (Victor Garber). When a prime suspect is caught, it looks as if the killer may finally be brought to justice ... but in a shocking turn of events, the suspect is gunned down as he's brought to the police station. Is there more to her husband's death than Joanne realized? In order to wipe out the Gaulish village by any means necessary, Caesar plans to absorb the villagers into Roman culture by having an estate built next to the village to start a new Roman colony. Altruistic Jane finds herself facing her worst nightmare as her younger sister announces her engagement to the man Jane secretly adores. Barre is his local village's prized fighting bull. Here in remote northern Iran, where the bulls gore each other with sharpened horns, the entire village follows Barre's every fight, cheering wildly and flinching at every injury. But who exactly owns Barre? As the narrative unfolds the plot gets thicker. As men drink, gamble and even take crystal meth, this doc offers a surprisingly secular vision of Iran that is both refreshing and intriguing. Features over an hour of his award-winning show plus special behind-the-scenes footage taking you on a journey you will never forget Gulu is a village of Yi people, located beyond the cliff's edge in Sichuan, China, there is no electricity. The villagers used the lianas and Heaven-Ladders to climb up and down the cliffs like a monkey. They had hardly contact with the outside world until a mule-horse-trail out of the rocks in 2004. The substitute teacher Shen is the only teacher in the Gulu Primary School and has worked over 20 years. Shen would really like to become a real teacher, but he has just a middle school education. One day, the young man Bao who called himself 'Don Quixote' came to Gulu because of the lianas and Heaven-Ladders. He felt, Gulu was just his utopia. Since then Shen's fate has changed dramatically. Christmas movie. Montenegro: a rich Italian man decides to build a house with the help of a native family in the middle of a lost, almost impossible to break, karstic landscape. A coming-of-age tale that turns on three teenagers who are having a vacation by a lakeside. It's Not Over tells the inspiring story of three courageous millennials who are living with or affected by HIV/AIDS. Through a series of daring escapades deep within a dark and dangerous criminal underworld, Han Solo meets his mighty future copilot Chewbacca and encounters the notorious gambler Lando Calrissian. 3 stories, 3 countries. Tibet, Mongolia, Siberia. Nomad children fill a hostile world with their wishes and their dreams. At major cross-roads in their lives, they are confronted by love, danger and death. The Chinese make everything and the Malagasy fix everything.  The people of Madagascar pride themselves on producing things out of nothing: tires transformed into shoes, oil lamps made out of light bulbs, wheelbarrows fashioned from scrap metal. You see ingenuity, not underdevelopment, in their practices. A return to a conservationist lifestyle that encourages recycling, fraternity and self-reliance is entirely of the moment and makes perfect sense in the midst of a global economic crisis. Will the world pay attention?  Filmmaker Nantenaina Lova venerates the family business, the clever artisan, the resourceful craftsman and those who possess the ability to create using everyday objects. The Malagasy Way is a poetic, proverb-packed lesson in creativity and resistance that offers fresh logic on how to live. By cultivating lifes treasuressharing, ancestral knowledge, a good soul and the sweetness in bitternessthe Malagasy hope to teach the Western superpowers a thing or two. I have long dreamed of leaving a monotonous life to hit the road but I've never done it until the day I met Greg. Greg adopted the travel as a lifestyle and made me share his daily life spent on the road. In his philosophy of travel, Greg has established five different degrees equivalent to five different ways to travel. I realized over the adventures and encounters that have been made on the roads of Eastern Europe, India and the United States that there was a sixth degree; a degree that, when it reaches you, change your perception of the world and its multiple realities. A sixth degree that transports you or destroys you. Young monster kids try to make peace between the world of humans and the world of the monsters. Pedro Ruiz is a Dominican real estate broker by day and a savvy but out-of-luck thief by night. Desperate to look for respect climbing the money ladder the easy way, he gets in the wrong mansion at the wrong time. 'The Nugget' looks at how instant wealth suddenly changes the lives of three working class men - not necessarily for the better, but always with hilarious consequences. Travel plans for three men in ill-fitting wedding tuxedos goes horribly wrong. A bus breaks down in the North Korean countryside. The two drivers must put their differences aside and overcome a series of setbacks to get their bus back up and running and cargo delivered on time. Ling (Lo Lieh) and Guan are the Black and White Chiefs of the Eagle Escort security firm: during the opening credit sequence, we see them recover a stolen shipment of gold; by the time the credits have run, the two are literally knee-deep in bodies. Eight years after the third film, the OSS has become the world's top spy agency, while the Spy Kids department has since become defunct. A retired spy Marissa (Jessica Alba) is thrown back into the action along with her stepchildren when a maniacal Timekeeper (Jeremy Piven) attempts to take over the world. In order to save the world, Rebecca (Rowan Blanchard) and Cecil (Mason Cook) must team up with their hated stepmother. Carmen and Juni have since also grown up and will provide gadgets to them. After his photojournalist brother gets killed by a white tigress in the jungles of the Sundarbans, Pandit and his team of commandos enter the prohibited core area of the forest to avenge his death. Jack an 18-year old hustler and his boyfriend Tom are an item, close and very much in love. Otherwise, Jack is impulsive and explosive with few redeeming qualities. Ken, a married man who hasn't come out of the closet, takes Jack from NYC to Miami with the intention of helping him. A high target criminal nick named the Mouse is captured after a 15 year search. He is sentenced to Execution by lethal injection and is set to transfer to Anoka State Penitentiary.He escapes and chaos ensues. Four kids on their annual summer camp holiday suspect the park's mascot has been murdered so they set out to investigate who killed Nelson Nutmeg? Four would-be siblings on an outdoor vacation are encouraged to bond by their parents. The four adventurers journey out of bounds into the wild on their ATV's in search of a family relic. They soon find themselves lost in the woods and ill equipped to deal with not only the rugged terrain but each other. This is a story of hope and overcoming, full of humor and fun. Its a coming of age tale not only for kids but for parents as well. Ramesh (Githan ramesh) son of Manivannan and Saranya. Manivannan is the leading Ad-Film maker. Karupa (Karunaas) and other friends stay in Ramesh's house as paying guests. Ramesh's parents treat them as their own. Manivannan and Saranya desperately want their son to fall in love and get married. Ramesh prefers arranged marriage.A mutual friend of Ramesh and Karunaas is getting a fixed marriage. Along with Karunaas, Ramesh goes to their friend's village to attend the marriage. On the way there he dreams he meets a beautiful girl, but also that his friend would die in an accident.... Twenty five years ago, the SS Corona Queen disappeared in the region known as, "The Bermuda Triangle". Now, it has returned. Seven people go on board to learn the truth behind her disappearance but the ship did not return alone... Eric Lazard is a heartbroken former college football star who gets involved in a dangerous Florentine sport and a local woman, Stephanie, while visiting his cousin Anna, who lives in Italy and teaches the Italian language to foreigners. JAM (Christian Clavier), a French "master of the universe" is on the brink of a major takeover when he starts suffering from anxiety attacks. His doctor (Lhermite) thinks it is to do with childhood experiences and suggests he searches back in his mind to something that could be the trigger and will prove to be the antidote. Boba Fett has escaped the Sarlacc Pit, only to find himself fighting alongside a Rebellion that wishes to establish a New Republic. Indian guy Sajan goes to an isolated island in Japan to find the very rare legendary spice which is believed to grow human hair. However, he finds out that the island is cursed by dead samurais... Two FBI agents track down a missing person's case which leads them to a group of stock brokers who hunt people for sport. Ruby Strangelove Young Witch: When Ruby, a young witch discovers her long lost mother was abducted by evil forces she sets out to use all her magical powers to get her back. Director Bernard Favre has created the "look and feel" of a moment in time that has long since disappeared -- 1859-60 in the Savoy Alps. Joseph (Richard Berry) is a young Savoyard peasant who has been established in a village with his wife and two children for some time, and like others before him, makes a living by crossing the Alps into Italy in the winter months and selling his wares to the villagers. This story traces a winter's itinerary as the man encounters various adventures in his always-dangerous journey, but he seems oblivious to all the nuances and reverberations of social change going on around him. When he finally returns to his family after many months away, he discovers to his surprise that his village is now a part of France and it looks like a Savoyard would soon be sitting on the throne of a unified Italy. One peaceful day on Earth, two remnants of Frieza's army named Sorbet and Tagoma arrive searching for the Dragon Balls with the aim of reviving Frieza. They succeed, and Frieza subsequently seeks revenge on the Saiyans. In a quiet resort town Haapsalu four kids are spending their summer holidays together. Suddenly they are dragged into events that started in the 15th century in the local bishop's stronghold. The children must solve a difficult mystery of a clock robbery and they have to find a treasure that has been lost for centuries and contains a formula of making gold. Orphaned at birth and raised by storks, the teenage sparrow Richard believes he is one of them. But when the time comes to migrate to Africa, his stork family is forced to reveal his true identity and leave him behind in the forest, since he is not a migratory bird and would not survive the journey. Determined to prove he is a stork after all, Richard ventures south on his own. But only with the help of Olga, an eccentric owl with an imaginary friend and Kiki, a narcissistic, disco-singing parakeet, does he stand a chance to reach his goal and learn to accept who he really is. TEAM HOT WHEELS: ORIGIN OF AWESOME! - Gage, Wyatt, Brandon and Rhett are four kids who are about to discover that life is better in the fast lane. Ride along with Team Hot Wheels as they race to save their town! Stars George Grant &amp; David Lodge. Stephan Ziller is an aspring actor who has lost his way and looks for his spiritual compass. He goes looking for answers in spiritual, religious and self-help groups across the city of Berlin. He eventually chances upon a romance with Simone Geissler, but soon grows weary of his spiritual pursuit. Brandon Semenuk's Rad Company pushes the limits of free-ride mountain biking and showcases the skills and passion that make him one of the most versatile and explosive riders on the planet. Brandon handpicked the crew of riders for this film who drive and inspire him in each discipline, ultimately creating some of the highest level of riding ever caught on camera. The film features an eclectic soundtrack that flows like your favorite mix tape, while seamlessly meshing all disciplines of mountain biking. NWD Films and Red Bull Media House have teamed up with some of the top cinematographers and digital effects artists to create an innovative style, while keeping true to the "all killer no filler" style of the New World Disorder. An epic and often hilarious documentary about one man's dream to walk across America. the film will follow Mark Phillips, a self-proclaimed couch potato, as he attempts (multiple times) to walk over 4,000 miles from New York to California. Two Americans deliberately head to the edge of war, just seven miles from the Syrian border, to live among 80,000 uprooted refugees in Jordan's Za'atari refugee camp. Dora, a girl who has spent most of her life exploring the jungle with her parents, now must navigate her most dangerous adventure yet: high school. Always the explorer, Dora quickly finds herself leading Boots (her best friend, a monkey), Diego, and a rag tag group of teens on an adventure to save her parents and solve the impossible mystery behind a lost Inca civilization. When a kid accidentally triggers the universe's most lethal hunters' return to Earth, only a ragtag crew of ex-soldiers and a disgruntled female scientist can prevent the end of the human race. In 1928, Lady Heath became the first person to fly solo from Cape Town to London. Eighty-five years later, Tracey Curtis-Taylor set out in a vintage biplane to fly that adventure again. Following Tracey as she retraces the journey, The Aviatrix is more than just a film about the rapture of flying - it's a story about living life on your own terms and having the courage and determination to realise your greatest dreams. The story of 11-year-old Silvia whose life at home is consumed by her mother's clinical depression. When no one will take the time to fulfill her dream to visit Rome, she runs away, determined to see it for herself. On a train she meets a Roma girl, Emina, and begins following her through the streets of Rome to her gypsy camp. An 11-year-old girl watches her father come down with a crippling depression. Over one summer, she learns answers to several mysteries and comes to terms with love and loss. Chelios faces a Chinese mobster who has stolen his nearly indestructible heart and replaced it with a battery-powered ticker that requires regular jolts of electricity to keep working. Denisse is 23 years old. She lives in Mexico City. She wants to become a DJ. Laura Esquivel is 19. She was born and raised at a small ranch in Zacatecas known as El Verde. She is goatherd. With Denisse playing music and Laura tending to the goats, it seems improbable that their paths will ever cross, but meeting each other is quite feasible in the world of their thoughts. The story follows a group of birds on a journey where they try to find a better life for themselves and the ones they love. Only the electrifying courage and love of Quebec nationalism can save the citizens of Winnipeg from committing mass suicide. A new member has joined Eli and the Shane Gang! Junjie, once the protector of the Eastern Caverns, is a master of the slugslinging art of Slug Fu! But even with the power of five slingers, the Shane Gang find themselves in over their heads as they race across The 99 Caverns in search of the Legendary Elemental Slugs. The five Elementals are ancient slugs of great power, and the forbearers of all slugs found in SlugTerra today. In the wrong hands, they could bring Slugterra to the brink of destruction. So when an evil alliance starts hunting down the Elementals, Eli and his friends -- old and new -- take off in pursuit of the greatest threat their world has ever faced! Delegations of the homeless from all over the world march in. This is a film in which there is nothing to see. - Vlado Kristl  Two people express the familiar feeling of being the Kreep, one through dance, and one through song. Seals, lies and videotapes. Violent confrontation boils over on the ice floes of Canada as activists, fishermen and politicians battle over the fate of baby seals. Summer vacation. Mika is overjoyed to see Windstorm again. But then she discovers strange wounds on the belly of Windstorm, for which no one has an explanation. Yet this is Kaltenbach verge of bankruptcy! With a heavy heart Mika decides to participate in a variety tournament in which beckons a high prize money. But during training affects Windstorm distracted, often he runs away easily. Mika pursued the black stallion until deep into the forest and is quite surprised: From the thicket a seemingly magical gray mare appears and the two horses dance around lovingly. Suddenly, a strange boy named Milan appears, who says the mare had escaped him. He claimed that he could Help Mika to win the tournament. But is there still time to save Kaltenbach? A mysterious creature destroys 70% of the moon. The creature then warns that if he is not destroyed by March of next year, Earth will be next. The creature also demands that he becomes the homeroom teacher for 3rd grade E class at Kunugigaoka Junior High School. The government is powerless to say no.  The creature then becomes the homeroom teacher of 3rd grade E class which consists of failed students including Nagisa Shiota (Ryosuke Yamada). The creature is called Teacher Koro.  Meanwhile, the government requests that the students try to kill Teacher Koro even though he possesses super powers. The government offers a 10 billion yen reward for whomever successfully kills him. The students are confused by the situation, but decide to kill Teacher Koro.  When their class begins with Teacher Koro, the students finds themselves having a good time with their new teacher. The Coalition of Planets, a young alliance of worlds led by Earth, is at war with the Romulan Empire. Desperate for a chance to gain the upper hand in the war, the Coalition forms an alliance with T'mar, a Romulan deserter, in the hopes that she can provide valuable intelligence on her former masters. This film is the chronicle of an imaginary, symbolic cruise to discover Europe, from the age of Greek mythology to the present day. Tracing the story from the enthusiasm of the founding fathers at the end of the Second World War to its present difficulties, the ship EUROPE battles hell and high water to affirm and fight for its existence. Chuck, a top international manager for FedEx, and Kelly, a Ph.D. student, are in love and heading towards marriage. Then Chuck's plane to Malaysia ditches at sea during a terrible storm. He's the only survivor, and he washes up on a tiny island with nothing but some flotsam and jetsam from the aircraft's cargo. When a faun named Mune becomes the Guardian of the Moon, little did he had unprepared experience with the Moon and an accident that could put both the Moon and the Sun in danger, including a corrupt titan named Necross who wants the Sun for himself and placing the balance of night and day in great peril. Now with the help of a wax-child named Glim and the warrior, Sohone who also became the Sun Guardian, they go out on an exciting journey to get the Sun back and restore the Moon to their rightful place in the sky. During the Indus valley civilization, an Indigo farmer strives for the justice and protection of the city of Mohenjo-Daro and its civilians from an evil politician. Growing up in a rural town filled with violent delinquents, Jack has learned to do what it takes to survive, despite having an oblivious mother and no father. After his aunt falls ill and a younger cousin comes to stay with him, the hardened 15-year-old discovers the importance of friendship, family, and looking for happiness even in the most desolate of circumstances. The Rosvola family - The Robbersons drive around the country in their pirate car robbing bypassing cars of their sweets, extra food and consumer goods. Life changes for the Rosvolas when they accidentally kidnap 10-year-old Vilja, a diligent school girl. Will Vilja succeed in escaping or will she become friends with the Rosvolas' children Hele (12 years) and Kalle (9 years)? We are the Pirates of the Roads is a funny and crazy adventurous road movie for children. A diabolical plot to empower pushover dads causes Shin-chan's father to return home as a robot. The Nohara family bond is about to be put to the test! Eugene, a young man with Down Syndrome, embarks on the journey of a lifetime: he's going to find the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow and save the day. Sequel to The Boss Baby Bo is the only child of rich parents and goes to a private school in Switzerland. When the holiday starts, he is kidnapped and his rich, safe and secluded world is turned upside down. During their long cross-country trip back to the Netherlands to meet the ransom deadline, Bo and his abductor Fred, a gruff lovable loser, forge a strange friendship. Bo discovers in Fred the father that he misses and learns to stand up for himself. Fred is confronted with where he has always been running from and learns to become a father. A young poet, Paul Susser (Vincent Hoss-Desmarais), meets his master, the great author Samuel Beckett (Stephen McHattie), in a small cafe. The two men initiate a complex friendship that spans the last two decades of Beckett's life and forever changes Paul's future. The story of the first major battle of the American phase of the Vietnam War and the soldiers on both sides that fought it. Two young friends embark on a road trip across France in a vehicle they built themselves. Follow Aisholpan, a 13-year-old girl, as she trains to become the first female in twelve generations of her Kazakh family to become an eagle hunter, and rise to the pinnacle of a tradition that has been typically been handed down from father to son for centuries. Battle Oasis is the story of Motega, an indigenous being of the planet known as Kitri. Silk Road Ghosts takes the viewer off the beaten path as I ply a circuit, following in the footsteps of the ancient conquerors, passing through some of the more remarkable parts of Central Asia's Silk Road. From Almaty in Kazakhstan, I set out towards a daunting rendezvous with the Darvasa Gas Crater in Turkmenistan. Along the way I dot many of the road's pivotal locations, bearing witness to its myriad ghosts which served to glorify the annals of our planet's history. The archenemies of the Winx Club, the Trix witches, team up with the evil nymph Politea and find out that, to defeat the fairies once and for all and become invincible, it takes very little: a Pearl hidden in the Deep of the Infinite Ocean! As small as powerful, the Pearl of the Depth gives enormous powers to those who possess it!  For the Winx there is not a minute to waste: how will they stop the plans of their enemies before it's too late?  Get ready: the most dangerous mission of the Winx is about to begin! Three men follow the life of one ten dollar bill. Adapted from the novel by Rebecca Chace, Capture the Flag portrays the tenuous relationship between a father and a daughter in the socially turbulent 1970s. Teen-age Annie and her father Luke are about to gather with friends for an annual game of Capture the Flag. This year, a lot more is at stake than the white T-shirt standing in for the flag. Annie's parents are on the verge of divorce, and this is the first time she and her father are participating without Annie's mother. What starts as a joyous reunion soon breaks down as friendships among the adults fracture and new allegiances among the children are formed. Over the course of this weekend, Annie learns that even though some things change, the most important relationships will somehow endure. Tad Jones, the most awkward explorer, must rescue his beloved Sara from a millionaire who is looking for King Midas' necklace. The Guardians must fight to keep their newfound family together as they unravel the mysteries of Peter Quill's true parentage. Super spy and master inventor Agent F.O.X. arrives in Carrot Town with one objective: infiltrate the community of friendly rabbits, locate a mysterious artifact, and return to base immediately. But the mission is turned on its head when the secret agent is discovered... and mistaken for a distant cousin: a long-tailed rabbit. Overwhelmed by their hospitality and friendship, Long Tail is forced to make a difficult choice: abandon his mission or betray his newfound friends. He soon discovers that he is part of a dangerous plot that could threaten the peace between the two animal groups forever. Agent F.O.X. is a high octane animated adventure with lots of laughs, zany action, and a heartwarming story the entire family will enjoy. Chloe Trustcott's friend is sent into the future, the year 8888 and is sent to prison> Chloe must go to the future and get sent to o prison also so that she can break her friend out. In August 2013 a group of 7 climbers, 5 Americans and 2 Burmese climbers, traveled to northern Myanmar to make a first ascent of Southeast Asia's disputed highest peak. All told, the climbers traveled over 270 miles on foot through some of the harshest terrain on the planet. As a country that is just recently awaking from over 50 years of military rule and relative isolation, they were offered a glimpse into a culture unaffected by the rapid pace of globalization throughout the rest of world. This film is not just a recounting of a mountaineering expedition, its a film about a country that is on the brink of rapid change, and what this might entail for the future Myanmar and its people. Three people fly from Chile and Spain to Iquitos, Peru to experience the magic of the sacred plant ayahuasca. Zay el naharda is a movie starring Basma, Rania Chahine, and Mahmoud El-Bezzawy. History literally repeats itself when May meets and falls in love with a passionate young actor, only months after the tragic death of her first fiancee. All the 'signs' suggest her new lover will meet the same fate. An 11 year old girl searches for a missing rare book from her grandmother's (Holland Taylor) library and tries to understand why her family is fractured the way it is during a memorable summer at an isolated New Mexico adobe. While her mother (Kelly Lynch), like astronaut Michael Collins, goes to the dark side of the moon for a leukemia treatment, Ella must journey on her own to the strange moon of her grandmother's world. Ella's father, (Sean Patrick Flanery) orbits his daughter, as Ella befriends Miguel and Rosie to find acceptance of her mother's fate. Emotional connections are reshaped, and the music of Patrick Neil Doyle helps tell this unusual story. Four millennials embark on a journey for hidden treasure, only to discover it's not gold that's missing from their lives. A mega-platinum, aging rock star's supermodel wife is abducted by pirates while vacationing in Chile. Amid the tumult of the Arab Spring in Cairo, vendors in a small souk observe the political upheaval while seeking to preserve an ancient tradition of fabric making. A sexy reporter and an intrepid cameraman.  Adventures are to be had!  This is an anthology with 30 minutes of new storyline added.  The Adventures of Paula Peril merges Mystery of the Crystal Falcon, The Invisible Evil, and Midnight Whistle into one longer story. To relieve the memories from their childhood and catch up after many years of estrangement, two half-brothers go on a road trip to see the places where their father used to take them. The journey begins with joy, youthful cheerfulness and contentment. But soon after, sibling rivalry, jealousy and old grudges come to the surface. In a country called "Diamond Domain" lies the powerful Heart Diamond, which has served as the kingdom's source of energy and maintained the Ore Country for centuries. Many Carbink live in Diamond Domain, including their princess - the Jewel Pokemon, Diancie, who created the Heart Diamond. Diancie no longer has the power to control the Heart Diamond and her country is falling into chaos as a result.  One day, Diancie meets with Ash and his friends and asks them to go on a journey to find the Life Pokemon, Xerneas, in order to restore the Heart Diamond. Standing in their way is the Pokemon of Destruction, Yveltal, who once stole all of the life in the Kalos Region. During their journey they are attacked by Team Rocket, as well as the jewel thieves Marilyn Flame and Ninja Riot. They are aided by Millis Steel and her father Argus, travelers who also encounter the Cocoon of Destruction. Medieval Europe: Father Christmas is a fading memory, after Christmas hasn't come for several years.  A young orphan girl, Ayden, receives a magic crystal from a dying elf, with a warning that the North has lost its magic, and that she alone can save Christmas.  Ayden and her orphan friends begin a perilous journey and must escape dragons, goblins, bandits, ogres, and other fantasy creatures as they team up with Airk, the wayward son of Father Christmas, to return a stolen Christmas orb to the North.  When Santa's magic cannot overpower the growing Snarl (an evil forest with tentacle branches), Ayden and Airk must deliver Christmas on a sleigh pulled by a young dragon, fulfilling Christmas wishes for children to restore Santa's magic and save Christmas. It is an action-adventure-romance laced superhero vigilante film that transcends both folklore and present day. It is based on the legend of a man who took upon himself to protect the common man against oppression and injustice. Film from Gao Feng The Heroes of Destiny have taken on the task of protecting Mexico from danger. A new batch of recruits start their trials to see if they can join. Meanwhile an old enemy seeks out vengeance at a dark place. Can destiny prevail? Filmmaker Judith Helfand's searing investigation into the politics of "disaster" - by way of the deadly 1995 Chicago heat wave, in which 739 residents perished (mostly Black and living in the city's poorest neighborhoods). Bubble Bubble Meows and his cohorts cooperate to conquer a cold-hearted condiment coup. A respectful nod to classic kids-in-peril adventure films that finds a group of reluctant kids stranded overnight in an abandoned jail. Their chaperon is missing, their cellphone service is non existent, and their patience with each other is running thin. Oh, and a big, hairy creature is trying to eat them. Hey... it's tough being a kid in a monster movie. The film starts with Gian seeing some like spirit and it asks him to accomplish a task. The story starts when a stray dogs are searching some foods in the can. Then a dirty white dog comes out of nowhere. Just then, the dog creates a close stare to the stray dogs and forces to run away. But the dog is disappointed that he doesn't know what to do after searching the garbage, under the pouring rain. After that, Suneo starts saying about the discoverable places on Earth and him and Gian are totally disappointed about that. That then, they are asking favor to Nobita to take them to an undiscovered place to be seen by their naked eyes. Nobita refuses but tells he will try his best. He comes to upstairs to explain Doraemon what the problem is now. After supervillain Shredder escapes custody, he joins forces with mad scientist Baxter Stockman and two dimwitted henchmen, Bebop and Rocksteady, to unleash a diabolical plan to take over the world. As the Turtles prepare to take on Shredder and his new crew, they find themselves facing an even greater evil with similar intentions: the notorious Krang. Two best friends embark on a cross-country road trip pulling hidden-camera pranks on the unsuspecting public. Based on the real life story of an incident in 1946 during the Chinese Civil War, the film involves a communist reconnaissance team soldier Yang Zirong who disguised himself as a bandit to infiltrate a local gang of bandits, eventually helping the main communist force to destroy the bandits. Based on the novel "Tracks in the Snowy Forest" by Qu Bo. Following in the footsteps of his father, Folco Felzani embarks on an epic journey on foot in search of Mustang, the last lost kingdom, in northern Nepal. The story of a king without a kingdom. The adventure of a son without a father. When a young man's ideal marriage proposal is put in jeopardy he is forced to dive into unknown waters to salvage his plans... The story of lion trophy hunters in Africa. KING OF BEASTS offers a close-up on the world of the controversial 'sport" of lion hunting. The classic tale of a man's dream, his epic journey, and one true love. A group of wayward teens at a wilderness boot camp must fight for their lives against the attacks of a ruthless blood-sucking alien. The attacks begin after they discover a strange "orb" in the middle of the desert. With no communication, and nowhere to hide, they realize their only chance for survival is to fight. When a recent widower consumed with regret seeks absolution in riding his motorcycle cross-country to confront the mistakes of his past, he unexpectedly discovers that life is about moving forward, one mile at a time. "Finding Traction" presents the inspirational story of ultra runner Nikki Kimball and her quest to become the fastest person in history to run America's oldest hiking trail, the 273-mile Long Trail. The documentary asks what drives her to attempt such an incredible feat, and follows Nikki's journey from its beginning - training and racing in the Rocky mountains - to her actual record attempt through Vermont's beautiful but brutal Green Mountains. This is a film about Christopher Kirk, an American IT guy who moves to Colombia after reading about Pablo Escobar's hippopotamuses. It is also a film about the story of V., a story that Kirk obsessively tells and retells about his infatuation with a mysterious Japanese-columbian woman. A story that may or may not have to do with his arrest in 2009 in Brazil for international drug trafficking. Moreover, it is also a film about two directors. Master gunslinger Sabata arrives in Hobsonville, a town completely owned by McIntock, a robber baron who is taxing the inhabitants for the cost of future improvements to the town. Or that's what McIntock says he'll do with the money... Four friends set out by boat for an idyllic vacation on a private, remote island. But unknown to them, a weaponized shark has escaped from a top secret military lab nearby, a shark that was genetically engineered with hate in its blood, and programmed to hunt any human within range. Now, these friends must band together to battle an all new brand of predator who will stop at nothing to remain at the top of the food chain. At the crossroads of two great ancient empires, a simple shepherd named David transforms into a powerful warrior and takes on a terrifying giant. One of history's most legendary battles is retold in a stylistic, bloody tale of courage and faith. The story of the insane scandals related to the remake of "Island of Dr. Moreau" --originally a novel by H. G. Wells--, which was brought to the big screen in 1996. How director Richard Stanley spent four years developing the project just to find an abrupt end to his work while leading actor Marlon Brando pulled the strings in the shadows. Now for the first time, the living key players recount what really happened and why it all went so spectacularly wrong. A young girl named Mija risks everything to prevent a powerful, multi-national company from kidnapping her best friend - a massive animal named Okja. Higher traces Jones' snowboarding journey from hiking Cape Cod's Jailhouse Hill as a child to accumulating several generations' worth of wisdom and expertise about thriving and surviving in the winter wilderness. Allie, a veterinarian in Evergreen, reluctantly will spend Christmas with her long-distance boyfriend. Bound for the airport, she has engine trouble, and Ryan, headed to Florida with his daughter Zoe, stops to help. Sure they won't meet again, they ignore their attraction, and part ways. At the diner, Zoe wishes on a snow globe, and a storm seems to grant her wish. Follow Indonesian pro surfer, Oney Anwar, on his epic journey from a remote jungle village to his debut on the World Championship Tour. A mysterious video falls into the hands of a troupe of reporters following an accident involving three thirty-something year olds - two men and a woman. The video chronicles the lives of the trio one week prior, during their road-trip through the French Riviera to shoot a commercial. Shot in the style of found footage - sometimes with an iPhone - this innovative film touts itself as the first "selfie" movie. But, this isn't a cheeky jab at today's culture of obsessive self-documentation. Director Lorenzo Corvino's debut film was born out of a desire to capture the spirit and frustrations of Generation X, the post baby boomers who inherited the economic crisis of the prior generation and who now struggle to compete with the increasingly tech-savvy younger generations. - Vivian Yuen A brave warrior fights to restore peace to a town riddled by crime, one sword at a time, in this historical action saga. In this retelling of the classic tale, Aladdin is an out of work indie-rock singer living in a video-game-world ruled by a perverted technology-obsessed Sultan. In the old industrial neigbourghood St-Henri, the young and colorful Clara meets a clueless Latino-american man searching for the house of the book Bonheur d'occasion, written by Gabrielle Roy. This comedy of the absurd is set in the Nazi puppet Independent State of Croatia (NDH) during World War II. The hero, Ljiljan is a young peasant poet who joins the Partisan movement just before it falls apart, abandoned by its leader Tito. The last remaining hope for resisting Nazism is to assassinate Hitler. Ljiljan's task is to write a song that will allow his Partisan band to infiltrate the inner sanctum of the SS - by entering an SS talent show. If they win the competition, they will be invited to perform before Hitler and the NDH's high command. This is a satirical coming-of-age tale with a difference, capturing the craziness, comedy and horror of war in the Balkans. Your favorite animals are back for an all-new family adventure! Join Maurice, the beloved penguin-tiger, and the Jungle Bunch on their exciting quest for hidden pirate treasure! Hold on to your seats, because the wacky treasure hunt includes all sorts of new adventures and silly surprises, including booby traps, a village of crazy rabbits, and a mysterious "Yellow Dragon." Can the Jungle Bunch outsmart Captain Grubby Beard, his evil gang of Pirates, and an outrageous heap of obstacles to find the precious hidden treasure? Between The Peaks is an expedition documentary that combines the spirits of adventure and volunteering. In 2013 three friends set out to climb Mt. Aconcagua, in Argentina, then travel north to Alaska's Denali, and volunteer in every country they passed through on the way. Along with their journey, the guys found themselves stranded on unforgiving beaches, venturing up volcanic cloud forests, exploring the mysteries of the Amazon jungle, crossing borders without documentation, and fighting a whiteout snowstorm above 20,000ft. But they would also encounter unforgettable cultural experiences and discover a new appreciation for a simpler life. This is a film that shows it is possible for anybody to follow their dreams and pursue their passions while making a difference along the way. An Irish road movie in space. Two down and out shuttle pilots take an important cargo from the Moon to Earth and all goes wrong. Along the way they discover they are not who they think they are forcing them to rethink their lives. How to make the green spaces in your urban jungle a positive influence again... After a life altering discussion with his holocaust-surviving Grandfather, a disillusioned student seeks to find answers on the other side of the world. Four friends rent a house and always manage to get in trouble with their landlord. One day, the group is forced to leave his rented house and flee to Pondicherry where a new journey awaits them. A beautiful Marshallese girl's concern for her vanishing, low lying islands causes her to discover a way to change the entire world in order to save her beloved homeland. A global warming fairy tale. A group of people converge on a barren Arctic island. They have their reasons for being there but when a series of mysterious accidents and murders take place, a whole lot of darker motives become apparent. Could the fortune in buried Nazi gold be the key to the mystery? Donald Sutherland and Vanessa Redgrave investigate American Ascent documents the first African American expedition to tackle Denali, North America's highest peak and explores the complex relationship many African-Americans have with the outdoors. As the United States transitions to a 'minority majority' nation, a staggering number of people of color do not identify with America's wild places. By embarking on the grueling multi-week climb of the 20,327ft Denali, nine African-American climbers set out to bridge this 'adventure gap' - challenging outdated notions of what adventure looks like by changing the face of America's biggest and baddest mountain on the 100th anniversary of its first summit. In order to save some kids who are about to die in a fire, Bibi, the daughter of a prestigious witch, manages to trigger a heavy rain with her powers. The head of all witches gives her an award called "Crystal Ball", reserved for older girls. German adventure film very much in line of Harry Potter, but in female version. A punk infused love story of two street skaters, August and Beto, and their last day on earth: they're gonna end it. After a UFO sighting near his hometown, a young boy runs away from home in hopes of making contact with the aliens. As he explores the mountainous desert terrain, he meets an eccentric ex-wrestler who is searching for a legendary lost treasure. The two join forces and continue on their journey together. An American businessman visits London and is horrified to discover his nubile teenage daughter has become involved with a gang of thuggish "beatniks". Her involvement leads to wild parties, sex, death and necrophilia. Tough-as-nails vampire hunter Derek Bliss is on the hunt for "suckers" in the heart of Mexico when he receives a new assignment from a mysterious client. Thrown together with a group of slayers, including sexy Zooey, who may or may not be one of the undead. Derek and company are up against a growing number of fast-moving, bloodthirsty vampires and their elusive and powerful leader. One dark foggy London night, someone tries to strangle Lord Montague, but he escapes. Only to discover the four other men who did get killed were old regimental comrades in Gallipoli. When Scotland Yard gets Monty to gather the other nine surviving officers at his home, one of them is murdered, and no one else has entered the house. Now, they must determine who the murderer is. Four battle-weary Crusaders take on a mission to track down the evil predator who has abducted all the men and children from a devastated village. After a shocking photo of a young woman is found inside the twisted metal of a fatal car crash, veteran detective Emory Lloyd must risk everything to identify and find the woman before it's too late. An Italian made for television musical comedy.  This documentary follows Hayley, a 40-year old New Zealand-born Canadian, pursuing her dream to solo kayak in crashing waves and treacherous seas to bring awareness to an endangered seabird, the albatross. That winter in Montreal, there is a girl. Three captains are wooing her. Cinema killed Jean-Baptiste Lamirande, the disastrous Liberator, who comes back to life just before Christmas. Heloise, an amnesiac actress who lost her watch, has been reported missing. Astraea, a quickly maturing teenager with clairvoyant visions, and her adult brother Matthew are traversing a lifeless continent after a plague has wiped out humanity. This documentary explores the universe of one of the last muleteer families in Colombia and follows the lives and mule train of two brothers, one forced by the illness of their mother to now live in the city, the other still living in their mountain house, as they get together for an epic mule driving journey to the highest peaks of the Andes. The title means inside the mountain and is a metaphor of today's rural life in Colombia. Exodus to Shanghai tells the story of two lovers who have to escape from Vienna to China after Dr. Ho, the Chinese Consul in Vienna in 1938, issued Exit Visas to many Jews against the instruction of his superiors. Fannia, a New York Jewish Violin student, falls in love with the Consul's nephew Bruce. Together they must leave Vienna as the Gestapo is chasing them to get the Jews and Hitler's painting. Harry will do anything to be a musician, but it takes a junk collector to discover his hidden talents. The spiritual journey of four friends from California as they embark on an epic adventure down the Ganges River, the most revered and potentially most polluted river on the planet. The documentary follows them from largest gathering of human beings ever recorded known as the Kumbh Mela, some 140 miles down river to the holy city of Varanasi. Their quest to discover purity amongst pollution is a true test of will, patience, and perseverance. Disaster hits when two teenagers are caught in a fire on the 20th floor of a skyscraper. Their parents are on the 60th. Will they survive the flames? A comedic thriller that re-imagines Mark Twain's iconic literary characters of "Huckleberry Finn" and "Tom Sawyer" as grown men in current day. Three kids sneak into a closed-up amusement park after hearing rumors that infamous gangster Al Capone once buried treasure there. However, soon after arriving the attractions roar to life, and the kids must enlist the help of a witch in order to survive the night.  For one month every year, five highly competitive friends hit the ground running in a no-holds-barred game of tag they've been playing since the first grade. This year, the game coincides with the wedding of their only undefeated player, which should finally make him an easy target. But he knows they're coming...and he's ready. In the midst of the wedding princess Miroslava is kidnapped by a dragon and carried away into his castle on the remote island. Mira left everything behind in the past - family, friends and groom. Now the only things she had were a stone cage and a mysterious young man named Arman ... but who is he and what is he doing on that island? Miroslava will know the truth too late: loving a dragon will reveal the bitter truth - love is scary. Two men embark on a surreal adventure A dire warning of a wake up call of what might be our future when a globalist terrorist organization aligned with the United Nations disables the United States power grid and institutes Martial Law. It will take a dedicated family of patriots armed with strong survival skills and the remains of the Second Amendment to save America and reclaim its freedom. At the age of 71 I considered myself a very fortunate man. I had a wife who I loved for forty-four years, raised two wonderful children and was a proud grandfather, but something was missing. I had been so concerned with the day to day world that now I felt I needed something to nurture my spiritual side. I chose to walk the 800 kilometers pilgrimage to the burial remains of the Apostle St. James, who was buried in Santiago de Compostela, Spain. This is the story of my journey and the pilgrims I met along the path. The journey was a test of endurance and my will power. But the journey changed my life, I found my faith, I developed a personal relationship with God and just as important opened my eyes to the goodness in humanity. The inept cast and crew of a surprise hit reality-TV show travel deep into the Adirondack mountains for their second season to find proof that Bigfoot exists. Any remaining skepticism they have is ripped to pieces. Three brothers develop an elaborate plan to recover stolen cash and go on the run. Rimo and Zimo are two towns that are not very far from each other, divided by a small desert. Both towns' people have stayed away from each other for a long time, feeling mutual hatred and fear. One day, two little rascals from Rimo, Bizdik and Minnik, decide to go to the desert for an adventure. Meanwhile, the Zimo Family enjoys a family picnic at the desert with their baby egg and little daughter. A 30-year old man who returns home to Manila is forced to confront his old life, his old friends, and his ex-boyfriend at their high school reunion where the drama of the past and the present collide. In 1825, Claire, a 21-year-old Irish convict, chases a British soldier through the rugged Tasmanian wilderness, bent on revenge for a terrible act of violence he committed against her family. She enlists the services of an Aboriginal tracker named Billy, who is also marked by trauma from his own violence-filled past. After a disease kills 98% of America's children, the surviving 2% develop superpowers and are placed in internment camps. A 16-year-old girl escapes her camp and joins a group of other teens on the run from the government. Surveys the rise to wealth and power by industrial giants with references to Morgan, Carnegie, Rockefeller, Stanford, and Vanderbilt. Shows the growth of monopoly and the emergence of trusts. Suggests the role fraud and corruption played in the establishment of monopolies. In 2008 the Indian Government launched an initiative to train 500 million of the rural poor to work in tits growing industrial sector; a policy that new prime minister Nerendra Modi intends to continue. This is the story of two village girls caught up in India's rapid expansion into the globalised world. Jungle Sisters follows best friends Bhanu and Bhuntu as they make the journey of their lives. Travelling 1000 miles to find a new future in Modi's business-friendly India, they take their place in the ranks of factory workers. But as the reality of life on the factory floor forces them to make a dramatic decision, the film becomes an epic tale of love, hope and survival. A fairytale about a grand life journey of a 10-year old boy Savva devoted to help his Mom and fellow village people to break free from the vicious hyenas. After being exposed to an ultra-rare powder, a drug dealer is met by a spiritual force that induces a life-altering ultimatum. 'The Long Start to the Journey' follows filmmaker Chris Gallaway on his personal attempt to thru-hike the Appalachian Trail and to learn what the trail means to individuals he meets along the way. Chris (or 'Frost' as he comes to be known on the trail) meets hikers young and old with wildly disparate backgrounds, 'trail angels' who provide food and support along the way, and an assortment of wildlife that make the journey much more exciting. This is a personal story of struggle and perseverance as well as a historical account of the origins and cultural relevance of the Appalachian Trail. A young civil war veteran is forced on a desperate journey to save his kidnapped wife. A Palestinian poet and an Italian journalist meet five Palestinians and Syrians in Milan who entered Europe via the Italian island of Lampedusa after fleeing the war in Syria. They decide to help them complete their journey to Sweden, and hopefully avoid getting themselves arrested as traffickers, by faking a wedding. With a Palestinian friend dressed up as the bride and a dozen or so Italian and Syrian friends as wedding guests, they cross halfway over Europe on a four-day journey of three thousand kilometres. A young man sets out on a dangerous quest for a magical bird with the power to heal any ailment. Sailing a Sinking Sea is a feature-length experimental documentary exploring the culture of the Moken people of Burma and Thailand. The Moken are seafaring people and one of the smallest ethnic minority groups in Asia. Wholly reliant upon the sea, their entire belief system, education, and economic and physical development revolve around water. Sailing a Sinking Sea illuminates the Moken lifestyle through recorded traditional music, folklore and conversations with the Moken people. Through intimate and dynamic cinematography and audio recordings, Sailing a Sinking Sea weaves a visual and aural tapestry of Moken mythologies and present-day practices. BELLE is inspired by the true story of Dido Elizabeth Belle, the illegitimate mixed race daughter of a Royal Navy Admiral. Raised by her aristocratic great-uncle Lord Mansfield and his wife, Belle's lineage affords her certain privileges, yet the color of her skin prevents her from fully participating in the traditions of her social standing. Left to wonder if she will ever find love, Belle falls for an idealistic young vicar's son bent on change who, with her help, shapes Lord Mansfield's role as Lord Chief Justice to end slavery in England This feature-length documentary, made especially for the 2003 Aliens (1986) DVD release, is incredibly informative with all its interviews with both the cast and crew, as well as behind the scenes footage filmed during the making of the film. Every possible element towards what went into making the movie is included here and gives fans an overload of information to fill their brains with. Detective Harry Hole investigates the disappearance of a woman whose pink scarf is found wrapped around an ominous looking snowman. A dwarf, a dragon, and a golden egg. Yet the real fairy-tale of this film is the journey of Jeanmarie, the Dutch street performer. In an adventurous project, Jeanmarie teams up with youth worker Frank to travel through the last remaining untouched regions of China, performing his new show to local children. As they transport their wondrous music machine from village to village, they bring laughter and intrigue to all who witness their magical performance, reuniting reality with fantasy, Europe and Asia. In a film as imaginative and whimsical as Jeanmarie's play itself, this is a poignant tale of passion and conviction to follow and fulfil your dreams. Three fairy tale princesses find themselves engaged to the same guy, Prince Charming. Armed with low tech gear and high minded notions that penguin populations hold the key to human survival, Ron Naveen lays bare his 30 year love affair with the world's most pristine scientific laboratory: Antarctica. Famed as a place that wants you dead, this film follows a rag tag team of field biologists to some of the harshest corners of the planet, where they track the impact of climate change and ocean health by counting penguin populations. From the tip of Argentina to the ominous Deception Island, 'The Penguin Counters' is a treacherous, heart warming journey by a 21st century Dr. Doliitle who dreams of conserving this stunning but fragile region for future generations. A teenage girl moves with her father for the summer to Stillwater, Minnesota. She meets two misfit kids and together they work to unearth a secret the town hides. Two bargemen on the Mississippi River find themselves mixed up in a kidnapping and hijacking plot. An ordinary man makes an extraordinary discovery when a train accident leaves his fellow passengers dead -- and him unscathed. The answer to this mystery could lie with the mysterious Elijah Price, a man who suffers from a disease that renders his bones as fragile as glass. A documentary following a self proclaimed modern samurai as he goes on a journey to find his wife after she was taken by a flash flood. When his mother disappears one autumn, a thirteen-year-old boy leaves his younger sister with his grandfather and  goes on a journey in search of his mother. Researchers on the undersea lab Aquatica have genetically altered the brains of captive sharks to develop a cure for Alzheimer's disease. But there's an unexpected side effect: the sharks got smarter, faster, and more dangerous. After a big storm damages their remote research facility, they must fight for their lives. An experimental short about the relationship between music and color. In the midst of the Balkan wars, a squad of Navy SEALs attempts to unravel a long-forgotten mystery after discovering an enormous treasure trove hidden at the bottom of a lake in Serbia. Wile E. Coyote suspends his chase with the Road Runner to explain to two young boys watching him on TV why he wants to catch the speedy bird. Off the highways and beyond the furthest posts is a lawless land where outcasts go to escape their pasts and start anew. "Buzz" Burroughs, living on the fringes of society, will take any ... Dora, a girl who has spent most of her life exploring the jungle with her parents, now must navigate her most dangerous adventure yet: high school. Always the explorer, Dora quickly finds herself leading Boots (her best friend, a monkey), Diego, and a rag tag group of teens on an adventure to save her parents and solve the impossible mystery behind a lost Inca civilization. A young man goes from China to Hollywood on short notice to find his girlfriend. He ends up connected with two others in his quest, which gets much more complicated than he envisioned. In the summer of 2013 Sergei Boutenko put 10 endurance athletes (five ultra-runners and five CrossFitters) on green smoothies and followed them around with his camera to find out the answer to this question.  Starting out as healthy athletes (or so they thought!), 10 individuals embark on a six-week experiment of continuing their typical training and racing regimen, but with one major difference: they are drinking a quart of green smoothies every day.  You'll be astonished at the results that begin to emerge. From a decrease in injuries to feeling supercharged to run for hours on end, there might be a bit more to smoothies than just tasting delicious.  If you like to exercise, you need to see this film! Gellert Grindelwald has escaped imprisonment and has begun gathering followers to his cause--elevating wizards above all non-magical beings. The only one capable of putting a stop to him is the wizard he once called his closest friend, Albus Dumbledore. However, Dumbledore will need to seek help from the wizard who had thwarted Grindelwald once before, his former student Newt Scamander, who agrees to help, unaware of the dangers that lie ahead. Lines are drawn as love and loyalty are tested, even among the truest friends and family, in an increasingly divided wizarding world. Documentary - Faced with a debilitating, terminal disease, and barely able to walk, one man inspires thousands when he races his bicycle across America in the world's toughest sporting event. - Three friends from California are filming an audition tape for an extreme reality game show. They document their journey to Australia where they will be doing their most dangerous activity.... Shark Cage Diving. A catastrophic turn of events leaves them in baited water full of Great White Sharks, turning their recording into a blood chilling diary of survival... and death.  A gifted teenage detective searches for his missing father with his ladylove assistant. This film tells the story of the efforts of the first Canadian to attempt to fly a human powered heavier than air aircraft Barbara Graham is a woman with dubious moral standards, often a guest in seedy bars. She has been sentenced for some petty crimes. Two men she knows murder an older woman. When they get caught they start to think that Barbara has helped the police arresting them. As a revenge they tell the police that Barbara is the murderer. A new dark force threatens Ponyville, and the Mane 6 - Twilight Sparkle, Applejack, Rainbow Dash, Pinkie Pie, Fluttershy and Rarity - embark on an unforgettable journey beyond Equestria where they meet new friends and exciting challenges on a quest to use the magic of friendship and save their home. In a fragile relationship, a husband wants to impress upon his pregnant wife his seriousness in being a good father, so he whisks her away on a babymoon travel holiday to the most exotic, beautiful, Instagram -able, country imaginable, which unbeknownst to him is experiencing a political revolution!  A priest recruits some secular friends of his to help him break the stranglehold a political boss has over their town's economy. It's graduation weekend, and Sandy Channing, the popular class president of her small-town high school, should be enjoying the time of her life. But when her friends start disappearing, Sandy discovers they have unwittingly awakened the vengeful spirit of a girl they wronged long ago. Fighting for her sanity, Sandy must unlock a dark secret from her own past before it's too late. At 13 years old and the eldest of three kids, Lane struggles to keep her family together as her iconoclast mother moves without warning through the communes and dusty back woods of Northern California.  A boy must brave deep winter snow to obtain an important family keepsake. Before he can even start this difficult journey he must first help his family survive financial ruin, rescue his beloved pet goat, and with his best friend, outwit a bratty bully who seems out to get him at every turn. Will he make it back to the village in time to celebrate the end-of-winter holiday of Chalandamarz? After the eleven-year old Felix (Oskar Keymar) flown by several schools, is now the Otto Leonhard school his last chance. But already the first day there is as little promising. Although he finds in the bustling Ella (Lina Huesker) quickly a new girlfriend, but its new Director and teacher Dr. Schmitt Gossenwein (Anja Kling) is obnoxious and on top of that the boys in his class are called him above all, the arrogant Mario (Georg Sulzer), not just welcome. To be accepted by them, Felix should be multiple tests of courage. The first is that it breaks in the evening in the school. When attempting to Mrs. Schmitt Gossenwein caught him but all people. La India Maria must find at all costs in the recesses of a mountain the Magic Black Mirror of Tezcatlipoca, since the spirit of his great-grandfather Moctezuma II ordered her to find it in to prevent the destruction of Mexico. Alonso, a sexy Spanish archaeologist, Bianchi, a cheater looking treasures and Bridget Troncoso - an ambitious governor, are aware of the existence of such mirror, of the mysterious treasure of Moctezuma and of Maria, so all undertake a frantic chase after her to seize the magic crystal and the gold. One of the greatest world-class athletes of all time, Jeff Lowe has made climbing what it is today. He contributed to the development of the modern ice screw and cam, invented the grading system used worldwide for mixed climbs, authored now classic books on climbing technique, brought the first Sport Climbing Championships to America and opened the ice park in Ouray, Colorado. In this film, Jeff tells the extraordinary story of his historic nine-day mid-winter solo ascent of the north face of the Eiger in 1991--a route he named "Metanoia"-- which has never been climbed since. Jeff's "unimaginable" new route up the Eiger prepared him for the greatest adventure he's ever been on, the climb of his life as he slowly loses all of his physical abilities and faces his own mortality. An obese boy named Fat Albert and his friends Rudy, Mushmouth, Bill, Dumb Donald, Russell, and Weird Harold, pulls into trouble when they "fall" out of their TV world into the real world, where Fat Albert tries to help a young girl, Doris, make friends. In 1971, a group of friends sail into a nuclear test zone, and their protest captures the world's imagination. Using never before seen archive that brings their extraordinary world to life, How To Change The World is the story of the pioneers who founded Greenpeace and defined the modern green movement. Tucked in the trees of Oregon's Mount Hood, an introspective young snowboarder camps alone, anticipating a winter of adventure and self-renewal in this experimental, moody documentary. Patty and Eric Purtle visit their Grandfather for Christmas. After accidentally breaking a clock in his workshop, they then find themselves repeating Christmas Eve. together they must fix time and make Christmas enjoyable for their family.  The famous five George, Julian, Dick, Anne and Timmy the dog are spending holidays together. But when they are invited by Berhard, father of Julian, Dick and Anne, to visit an egyptian exhibition they see a burglar. They have a look at the mummy the burglar was tempering with to find a golden amulet. The famous five decide to visit Egypt to hand over the amulet. When arriving in Egypt Bernhard is arrested because he's asserted he stole the amulet and replaced it with a fake. Now its up to the young detectives to solve the case and prove their fathers innocence. The Speed Sisters are the first all-women race car driving team in the Middle East. They're bold. They're fearless. And they're tearing up tracks all over Palestine. As the Avengers and their allies have continued to protect the world from threats too large for any one hero to handle, a new danger has emerged from the cosmic shadows: Thanos. A despot of intergalactic infamy, his goal is to collect all six Infinity Stones, artifacts of unimaginable power, and use them to inflict his twisted will on all of reality. Everything the Avengers have fought for has led up to this moment - the fate of Earth and existence itself has never been more uncertain. The well-known explorer and hunter Captain Spaulding has just returned from Africa, and is being welcomed home with a lavish party at the estate of influential society matron Mrs. Rittenhouse when a valuable painting goes missing. The intrepid Captain Spaulding attempts to solve the crime with the help of his silly secretary Horatio Jamison, while sparring with the anarchic Signor Emanuel Ravelli and his nutty sidekick The Professor. A gigantic, mutated, reptile attacks the population of an unprepared city. Red Dot on the Ocean is a riveting film about a troubled youth who becomes a sailing legend, earning two Guinness Records. Matt Rutherford was an angry teen with learning disabilities; a petty criminal who lived on the streets. Sailing saved him from a life of crime, or worse. Matt became the first to sail alone, without stopping around both Americas. His beat up boat was as tiny as his budget, yet he raised $120,000 for disabled sailors while braving icebergs, the Arctic and Cape Horn. After 309 days at sea, he returned to a hero's welcome and 30 dollars in the bank. He founded a non-profit that does ocean research. Matt's story makes us feel we can do more than we imagined. The Magic Brush is a Chinese animated stop-motion film produced by the Shanghai Animation Film Studio. A young and kind peasant boy named Ma Liang helped a rich man to tend cattle. He liked drawing and drew pictures everywhere and had the greatest dream to be an artist. He works very hard to achieve this dream even though he doesn't own a paintbrush. In the harsh, yet beautiful Australian outback lives a beast, an animal of staggering size, with a ruthless, driving need for blood and destruction. It cares for none, defends its territory with brutal force, and kills with a raw, animalistic savagery unlike any have seen before. A science fiction documentary about a psychiatric institution for traumatized chimpanzees.  Follow three individuals who served on the jury for one of San Francisco's most high profile serial killer cases. Now someone, or something, is killing them off one by one. Princess Froglegs goes undercover to compete in her father's Froglympics in order to avoid being married off to a male suitor. The story is inspired by true stories from The Ocala National Forest of how multiple Campers and Hikers Have vanished without a trace. Young art gallerist Katarina's dad suddenly goes missing. It turns out that her dad, a prominent art dealer, is kidnapped in Egypt by his former smuggle partner, who has been released due to the Arab spring. To save her father, Katarina has to find the hidden statue that the kidnapper demands as ransom. An ex-con reunites with his estranged wayward 16-year old daughter to protect her from drug dealers who are trying to kill her. On a whim, Eve, a young Swedish traveler, accepts an invitation from Peter to vacation on his family's private island off the coast of New England. As a series of unexpected delays prevent other guests from arriving, Eve discovers that she has little in common with the increasingly erratic Peter. Gradually the idyllic natural beauty of the island gives way and Eve finds herself trapped in a state of surreality punctuated by bizarre visions, dimensional shifting and secret pizza. In the 1800s Jake Jones finds a buffalo about to be eaten by coyotes. He rescues the buffalo and raises it. He names him Samson. Jones decides to break the buffalo and saddle him. He then becomes the guy ON A buffalo A man, a woman and a car. When new motherhood meets mental health complications in America, no one is listening. Two mothers, confront the American health care system, demanding answers, asking why so many women are slipping through the cracks? A huge bird swoops down and kidnaps Princess Indumati. The army's scoured the whole area and the neighboring kingdoms but there's no trace of Princess Indumati. The only thing Bheem finds was strange bird-feathers from the land of Incas. Bheem and team starts searching in the forests of Mexico where Dholu-Bholu fall off into a river. Bheem and others jump in to save them but are soon carried off by the rivers currents to the shores of a desolate valley. The valley is covered with heaps and heaps of ashes all around one such mound lie near the princess bangles. The sun rises and the mounds of ashes takes the shape of humans. The Incas where they meet Princess Indumati. They are seekers, madmen, and angels hell-bent on riding across America on a bicycle in less than ten days. But what begins as the adventure of a lifetime is transformed in an instant when tragedy strikes the race. These voyagers discover what is truly at stake as they pedal on, praying for the deliverance only the finish line can bring. By journey's end, some are saved, others are lost, but all learn that the fuel that takes a soul toward its own true destiny is desire. The army of the Marauders, led by by King Terak and the witch Charal attack the Ewoks village. The parents and the brother of Cindel all die in this attack. Cindel and the Ewok Wicket escape and in a forrest they meet Teek a naughty and very fast animal. Teek takes them to a house in which a old man, Noa, lives. Like Cindel he also crashed with his Starcruiser on Endor. Together they fight Terak and Charal. Allie, a veterinarian in Evergreen, reluctantly will spend Christmas with her long-distance boyfriend. Bound for the airport, she has engine trouble, and Ryan, headed to Florida with his daughter Zoe, stops to help. Sure they won't meet again, they ignore their attraction, and part ways. At the diner, Zoe wishes on a snow globe, and a storm seems to grant her wish. A group of kids find classified information from NASA and an object from another Planet and work to get it back to its rightful owners. A director encounters a group of homeless kids and becomes enamored with them as he films their daily antics. He is angry when he witnesses a gang threaten their community, but his video recordings become beneficial to the kids' struggle for survival. The Keepers is a documentary portrait of the personalities and work of zookeepers shot with unprecedented behind-the-scenes access at the Memphis Zoo. The film is a bittersweet, nonjudgmental look at what it means to find a place for yourself, working a job that you love. Urban Gastronomy is the way the city of Curitiba, in south Brazil, is seen worldwide. Urbanism for consumption, like fast-food. Its been decades since its peak as a model city and ecological capital, and Curitiba now has to face the consequences of its excessive marketing. From the former mayor, to the owner of a bankrupt wheat mill, to an eloquent beggar, distinguished characters show us how the city was once considered nearly perfect, is now rotting before our very eyes. Rosie Ming, a young Canadian poet, is invited to perform at a Poetry Festival in Shiraz, Iran, but she'd rather be in Paris. She lives at home with her over-protective Chinese grandparents and has never been anywhere by herself. Once in Iran, she finds herself in the company of poets and Persians, all who tell her stories that force her to confront her past; the Iranian father she assumed abandoned her and the nature of Poetry itself. It's about building bridges between cultural and generational divides. It's about being curious. Staying open. And finding your own voice through the magic of poetry.  Rosie goes on an unwitting journey of forgiveness, reconciliation, and perhaps above all, understanding, through learning about her father's past, her own cultural identity, and her responsibility to it. Because of a train strike, a group of tourists, mostly unrelated to each other, get stuck in New Mal Junction. These people are honeymooners (Saheb and Mimi), family vacationers (Pallavi Chatterjee, Koushik Banerjee, Tridha Choudhury), an ailing mother and her son (Lily Chakraborty, Kaushik Ganguly), a priest (Ardhendu Banerjee), a heroine and her abnormal brother (Gargi Roy Choudhury, Rajdeep Ghosh), one trekker (Kamaleshwar Mukherjee), a bus conductor (Rudranil), and a retired teacher (Maasud Akthar). One of the tourists, the priest manages to arrange a bus from the church for them to reach North Bengal. The other tourists also join him in the bus trip, but unfortunately the bus meets with a terrible accident. It falls off a cliff into an abyss, but the tourists survive with minor injuries. Injured and traumatized, they realize that they have become completely detached from any form of human contact. Set in the backdrop of the picturesque Munnar, it tells the story of Iyob, a slave-turned-master. A love potion works its devious charms on fairies, elves and the swamp-dwelling Bog King as they all try to possess the potion for themselves. An automated girl and tortoise warrior journey with a band of outlaws on an incredible quest. Their one hope is to find a legendary relic to defeat a sinister mechanized army and save the creatures of their world. The story of "Empire Symbol" is quiet dramatic and it is called Chinese "The Da Vinci Code": a group of people seems unrelated--- an auto mechanic Cheng Xi (acted by Pan Yueming), a policewoman Mei Jia (acted by Hu Ke) and a Japanese archaeologist Xiao Yelingzi (acted by Yi Nengjing), they are bonded by an invaluable empire treasure of Ming Dynasty. With the mystery is solved, everyone starts a hunt for love, fortune and power. Documentary - Presenting the newest film from the family that made surf-film history, (Bruce Brown, Endless Summer, Dana Brown, Step into Liquid) Wes Brown and T.J. Barrack take us on-location to the beautiful waters of Peru where surfing is a way of life and surfers are worshiped as National Heroes. Including an enchanted visit to Machu Picchu, this surf odyssey fuses unique cultural aspects and electrifying surf footage. -  Randy Bonds, Jesse Colombo, Magoo De La Rosa Once you experience a total solar eclipse, it changes you. In order to protect his father's discovery, Lucas and his five friends go on the adventure of a lifetime to find the piece of a passing Comet that crash lands near their hometown in the 1950's. The Gauchos del Mar brothers perform an unprecedented expedition by foot with 35kgs+ on their backs during 53 days on the easternmost tip of Tierra del Fuego Province, a pristine area where no one lives. The brothers have the goal of surfing a world-class wave never ridden before at the Cape San Diego Lighthouse, the most easterly point.  To get there they overcome heavy terrains, scarcity of food and harsh climate. With no communication whatsoever they document the region and decide to share their message of environmentalism, avoiding consumerism and living simply in order to protect Peninsula Mitre forever! Two siblings on a mission. After their elderly father gets hurt in an accident, they run to his side. He has breaking news about their mother, who abandoned them. He also hid something valuable and now brother and sister must work together. During a financial shortcoming, A boy and his friends try to raise money  to prevent his bicycle (Elizabeth) from being pawned off. The legendary King Wiglaf must assemble the most unlikely team to find The Taker's crown of power before Tome, the Titan thief, claims it and brings destruction upon humanity. A senator's brother turns up murdered, and the senator tries to pin the blame on a man he knows is innocent. Dr. Alan Rabinowitz fights to keep tigers from going extinct. Two musicians from Tel Aviv travel to Jamaica to record an album with forgotten reggae artists from the past. Ancient esoteric artefact of Celtic origin, witnessed of the passing of the ages between the mountains and fulcrum of the articulated plot, the Gorchlach will lead the two protagonists Guglielmo Corsaris (Federico Mariotti) and Rachel Blackwood (Alice Lussiana Parente) into a journey that will take them to discover secrets hidden for centuries and only considered as legends. When America's fascination with living forever creates a viral outbreak, the Earth's population starts to reduce in stages. After the first four are completed, CHILDREN and TEENS are the only humans left in an apocalyptic world where they must not only fend for themselves against the virus, but against one another.  What would you do if life handed you the key to live forever? When America's fascination with looking young and living forever creates a viral outbreak, the Earth's population starts to reduce in stages. After the first four are completed, CHILDREN and TEENS are the only humans left in an apocalyptic world where they must not only fend for themselves against the virus, but also...each other. This is STAGE V. During spring break, two buddies kidnap their broken-hearted friend and embark on a road trip to Lake Havasu. Hom Chhorn has a young family and a comfortable life in suburban Melbourne, yet remains wracked by childhood memories of the atrocities he witnessed as a boy. At age 6, he was imprisoned at a remote site in rural Cambodia. There are no records of the labour camp where Hom bore witness to a daily succession of cruelty, starvation, disease and cold blooded executions. After 33 years, Hom returns to his former homeland to shed light on Camp 32. Hom crisscrosses the country searching for survivors and leads. Frustrated and no closer to finding Camp 32, he flags a taxi to take him to his father and brother's memorial stone. What happens next will change Hom's life forever. Two professors team up to locate a lost treasure and embark on an adventure that takes them from a Tibetan ice cave to Dubai, and to a mountain temple in India. In the future, a band of misfits uncovers the saga of an infamous rock star. Their journey takes them deep into the legend surrounding the destruction of mankind's first colony on the Moon, as they fight the largest music entity to save rock 'n' roll. Lida Vanda Liusia is a documentary as well as a bizarre, lyrical journey - an adventure for reconciliation, whilst traveling by car from Lithuania through Belarus and Poland, then through Germany and France to England. Lida, Vanda and Liusia have never seen Western Europe, but always wanted to. Through quarrels, disputes, fatigue and rivalry, the women confront themselves and their loneliness, seeking fulfillment in the backdrop of their love for their granddaughters. With the discovery of an ancient puzzle box, a Boy, with the help of his friends, begins an adventure to find his fortune. Audrey and Morgan, two thirty-year-old best friends in Los Angeles, are thrust unexpectedly into an international conspiracy when Audrey's ex-boyfriend shows up at their apartment with a team of deadly assassins on his trail. Three ordinary guys are thrust into a parallel world of an old Sci-Fi movie. Trapped in a low budget universe they must somehow fight their way home before it is too late. Filmmaker Rob McCallum hits the road with his brother Chris Byford in search of their Mom who's been missing for almost 25 years. In a traditional tribal society in the South Pacific, a young girl, Wawa, falls in love with her chief's grandson, Dain. When an inter-tribal war escalates, Wawa is unknowingly betrothed as part of a peace deal. The young lovers run away, refusing her arranged fate. They must choose between their hearts and the future of the tribe, while the villagers must wrestle with preserving their traditional culture and adapting it to the increasing outside demands for individual freedom. The film follows Xu Lai, a former artist whose dreams were dashed when the responsibilities of life set in. With his life now revolving around his wife Cai Bo who is obsessed with having children, the quirks of his eccentric family and his mediocre, ordinary existence, Xu Lai hopes to reconnect with his first love Yang YIi on an upcoming vacation. However, his hopes are dashed when he finds himself wrapped up in a murder investigation that proves truth is often stranger than fiction. Totol opens the chest without his grandfather's permission in order to learn its secret but can't answer the chest's questions and Mr. Wolf learns the hidden location of the goats. Totol begins a long journey in order to find his mother and save the goats. Filmed over the course of two years, Our City Dreams is the story of a woman's struggles and successes as an artist in New York City. Told through five women artists, from youngest to oldest, the film features Swoon, Ghada Amer, Kiki Smith, Marina Abramovic, and Nancy Spero. From the studio to the streets of New York, from the canals of Venice to the alleys of Cairo and the beaches of Phuket, Our City Dreams takes us deep into the artists' worlds. In the prehistoric past, Keda, a young and inexperienced hunter, struggles to return home after being separated from his tribe when bison hunting goes awry. On his way back he will find an unexpected ally. Offering only the finest amenities, the 'TITAN 1C' space-cruiser is considered the most luxurious star-liner ever built. Future spring-breakers on board are excited to be touring through space with some of the world's elite. However, a sudden meteor storm smashes into the hull, and a deadly biological alien life form is let loose on the ship.  Seeking a suitable host, the retrovirus successfully merges with some the passengers, transforming them into seemingly invincible predators with the "touch of death". As the ship is destroyed, the surviving passengers crash on a remote planet, and they learn that one of them is "infected". They must quickly band together before it has a chance to slaughter them all. High school friends reunite after many years to spend a weekend in the mountains, but when everything goes wrong, there is no time for girl bonding. Group of prostitutes who rely on each other to revolt against their sinister pimps. Their bid for freedom turns much more dangerous than they ever imagined. In 1962 China, Japanese warlords hold the power and are wielding it with no regard to ethics or propriety. Two private entities, the Nagoa Isam Transportation Company and the Bai Loon Forwarding Agency, have taken competition to the extreme, wreaking havoc and violence as a means to hold onto whatever sovereignty they may have. Loyalty no longer exists as residents watch out only for their own interests. Following a group of climbers attempting to climb K2 in 2009, on the 100-year anniversary of its landmark 1909 expedition. Experience the adventure, peril and serenity of a group's attempt to climb the most challenging peak on earth. When his hard-earned kicks get snatched by a local hood, fifteen-year old Brandon and his two best friends go on an ill-advised mission across the Bay Area to retrieve the stolen sneakers. Keet &amp; Koen are street artists and entertainers in a theme park. In this family movie their mission is to search for missing clown Bassie and acrobat Adriaan. Bassie &amp; Adriaan are very well known among the young and old and have received an award for their great merit as people rescuers. Their eternal enemy, the old Baron, wants to prevent this of course and he commands his cousin 'Jonkheer' to abduct Bassie &amp; Adriaan. Keet &amp; Koen prove to be full successors to Bassie &amp; Adriaan as they proceed into the exciting search for the famous duo that has been kidnapped. Jaime joyrides on the back-roads of Owl River, population: sinking. She's going nowhere fast, both literally and figuratively. BFF Paula pressures her to apply to colleges, but her father Hal just wants to keep her out of juvie. But when ex-con Ray shakes her down for the whereabouts of a stash, Jaime learns her departed grandpa Graham's family secret: he ran the biggest pot-ring East of Montreal. Now Jaime must recruit Paula and hapless admirer Ricky if she's going to outmaneuver Police Chief Hines, let alone tough-guy Ray, and and lay claim to her birthright. From the mind behind Evangelion comes a hit larger than life.  When a massive, gilled monster emerges from the deep and tears through the city, the government scrambles to save its citizens.  A rag-tag team of volunteers cuts through a web of red tape to uncover the monster's weakness and its mysterious ties to a foreign superpower.  But time is not on their side - the greatest catastrophe to ever befall the world is about to evolve right before their very eyes. Earth Medicine is a concept that describes our ability to reconnect to our home and to each other. It is the combined ideas and visions of people involved in Earth-centered (Science, Spirituality, Culture, Medicine, &amp; Agriculture). The film follows visionaries from all walks of life, all of whom seek to reclaim of the deepest parts of themselves and are working to heal our relationship with the Even after his presumed death, Jamie continues to be visited by her lover Isaac, a quantum physicist, who pleads for her to join him in a parallel plane. A young blind woman Carly and her Persian cat Tango travel together all over the UK, Ireland and Europe to competitive cat shows. Kyuta, a boy living in Shibuya, and Kumatetsu, a lonesome beast from Jutengai, an imaginary world. One day, Kyuta forays into the imaginary world and, as he's looking for his way back, meets Kumatetsu who becomes his spirit guide. That encounter leads them to many adventures. Yugi and Kaiba have a special duel that transcends dimensions. After a spectacular crash-landing on an uncharted planet, brash astronaut Leo Davidson finds himself trapped in a savage world where talking apes dominate the human race. Desperate to find a way home, Leo must evade the invincible gorilla army led by Ruthless General Thade. At the beginning of the 1990s, famous tomb explorer Hu Bayi decided to retire and move to the United States with his girlfriend Shirley. But before his wedding, Bayi discovers his first love Ding Shitian, who supposedly had died in the "One Hundred Cave" 20 years ago, is actually still alive. Together with Shirley and his old exploration partner, Bayi unravels a terrible millennium-old secret... The provocative tale of a woman who snaps under crushing life pressures and assumes the psyche of a vicious dog. Her philandering, absentee husband is forced to become reacquainted with his four children and sister-in-law as they attempt to keep the family together during this bizarre crisis. A small team of American filmmakers backpack 500 miles across Spain's Camino de Santiago in an attempt to capture the stories of the international pilgrims who make this sacred walk. For the first time ever Rico has a friend coming over for a sleepover! After weeks of not seeing each other, Rico and Oskar are reunited again and start their adventure with the weekly bingo at the retirement home. But although Tanja even wins two handbags Oskar seems suspiciously grumpy and Tanja oddly sad. On top of things Oskar's dad leaves a bag in front of the door because he needs some distance from his son. So much heart affliction is too much for Rico! Relive the story of Cinderella in this high quality animated feature for your kids and family. Cinderella is in the hands of her cruel mother, but finds Prince Charles, and with him, lives happily ever after. The epic story of the first contact, encounter, approach, betrayal and, eventually, life-transcending friendship, between Karamakate, an Amazonian shaman, last survivor of his people, and two scientists that, over the course of 40 years, travel through the Amazon in search of a sacred plant that can heal them. Inspired by the journals of the first explorers of the Colombian Amazon, Theodor Koch-Grunberg and Richard Evans Schultes. 12-year-old Ryan moves to the town where her father was born--a bleak, dying fishing town. However, exploring the coast, she discovers a cove that is home to a mysterious girl named Coral who reveals herself to be a mermaid. It's been 4 years graduating college. What am I doing? I am unemployed. With a hope of being healed, I've decided to getaway to Jeju Island and am on board SeWol ship. Once I arrive at the island after 13 hours of traveling, my heart was broken by witnessing painful seizure of local people's hearts due to the brutal governmental policy on the construction of Naval base. This film follows vividly the fate of fragile persons and nature suppressed by the government's ridiculous decisions. The story is told by Mira. Dream Line is a documentary about the magical power of dreams. It tells the story of professional skier Ptor Spricenieks' life as a skier and adventurer, follows an astonishing spiritual and physical journey, and shows that dreams can come reality. The film revolves around a recent expedition to Pakistan where some of the world's best big-mountain skiers together climb and ski the Gashot Peak, a magnificent adventure in a mind-blowing environment. It is an important milestone in the fascinating life of Ptor, which contains elements of physical achievements and spiritual coincidences that can only be explained by the power of dreaming. New Mexico, present day. Brian and Lukas are off to the desert to join a kegger party and to celebrate Lukas' victory in a motocross competition. His winning prize includes meeting The  Deathinator, the biggest action star in the world. The party  gets started under the hot desert sun, but Brian isn't in the mood, so he wanders off and is soon joined by his friend, Lukas. They discover something strange in the desert which leads them into a secret military laboratory, where they discover the disturbing truth of what the government has been doing. Secret experiments on ants and spiders using DNA found in a meteorite which fell to Earth in 1951 has given birth to mutated giant ants which have overrun the facility. Now, it's up to Brian and Lukas to save the  world from a giant ant invasion! In search of the haven of his distant uncle's farm, a 16-year-old runaway finds himself fighting for his life in a desolate post oil-crash American landscape until two mysterious strangers offer hope of survival. A sweeping overview of humanity's accomplishments in space, as well as our ongoing activities and future plans. Ghost Rockets centers on human desire to explore and explain the unknown. The film weaves together an ambitious UFO investigation with a personal story that gives a rare insight into the hearts and minds of a UFO-investigator.  Every year, the organization UFO-Sweden receives numerous reports about inexplicable occurrences - usually dismissed as having to do with the moon, airplanes, satellites or mental instability on the part of the witness. Sometimes, though, they get a report that they are unable to explain, one of them being the story of the ghost rocket. Kubo mesmerizes the people in his village with his magical gift for spinning wild tales with origami. When he accidentally summons an evil spirit seeking vengeance, Kubo is forced to go on a quest to solve the mystery of his fallen samurai father and his mystical weaponry, as well as discover his own magical powers. Twenty years ago, a young American hiker named Chris McCandless, the accomplished son of successful middle class parents, was found dead in an abandoned bus in the Alaskan wilderness and became the subject of the best-selling book and movie "Into the Wild." Now, PBS retraces Chris McCandless' steps to try to piece together why he severed all ties with his past, burnt or gave away all his money, changed his name and headed into the Denali Wilderness. McCandless' own letters, released for the first time, as well as new and surprising interviews, probe the mystery that still lies at the heart of a story that has become part of the American literary canon and compels so many to this day. Lesley Hammond - This dazzling wildlife spectacle propels us into the very private world of some of our most endearing critters. Set across a global stage, a parade of four legged talent struts its stuff against the backdrop of some great classical works. A live action 'Fantasia' features mighty whales breaching, charging elephants, the big cats, and dozens of favourites performing with the symphony orchestra. A highly original event which will thrill everyone, particularly those who share a growing concern for the health of the planet.  -  Pamela Rabe The kids are going about their lives like other children, at times finding it difficult to control their powers. It is only during a school trip when they run into the mysterious circus performer, Erma , that things start to heat up. It's been six years since that summer adventure when Taichi Yagami and the rest of the DigiDestined crossed over to the Digital World. And nearly three years have passed since the final battle between Hikari Yagami's group and BelialVamdemon. As the peaceful days passed by, at some point the gate to the Digital World closed. Not even the DigiDestined know what caused this, and time alone continues to pass. The story of 13 Real deaf children and their heroism, passion and humanity. Delfino, a quiet man who lives in Congonhas do Campo, a small historical town in the state of Minas Gerais, Brazil, is urged by his friend to steal the image of the Madona de Cedro (the Cedar Madonna), sculpted by Aleijadinho in the 18th century, from the town sanctuary. Across America, there are dogs of all breeds riding in the open air of motorcycle sidecars, whether on short trips around town or extended adventures on the highway. Sit Stay Ride: the Story of America's Sidecar Dogs is a delightful and inspiring documentary film about motorcyclists and their beloved canine co-pilots.  A ship was found drifting with its crew massacred on the coast of the Gaspe ... It's consternation! In the process, an ambitious journalist, helped a young museum professional archivist rather shy and sedentary, discovers that a collector of maritime objects with dubious intentions may be linked to this terrible story. Then begins a race against time to find out who is this mysterious diver decimating everything in its path to achieve its goals and recover valuable documents looted the wreck of the "Princess of the North", where he found death, 100 years ago ... A New Yorker's (James Mason) mistress (Ava Gardner) drives his wife (Barbara Stanwyck) to a war hero; then someone kills the mistress. The season turns to autumn. The fight of the protagonist and his group S.E.E.S. with the strange monsters called 'Shadows' is getting closer to the end. Makoto and his allies engage in life-or-death battles with Shadows in order to end the Dark Hour. Through the battles, some must face the deaths of friends and family, some must notice what precious things must be protected, and some must find meaning in the battles that have occurred.  In front of Makoto, the mysterious transfer student Ryouji Mochizuki appears. When the group greets a new morning, the gears of fate begin to turn. A fight revolving around each of the heroes' bonds begins... Documentary essay, filmed during an Atlantic crossing aboard a cargo ship. A film about immensity and faith, about the uninterrupted movements of the waves and their power. And finally, perhaps most importantly, about the men aboard, witnesses and actors in this life between two shores, isolated in the middle of infinity. Transatlantic tells the story of the journey and daily life aboard and reveals the ship as a microcosm and a metaphor : a human island in the heart of a great elsewhere. What if the Surrealists were living today, in Berlin? Lexia, a Bosnian vagabond, comes to Berlin to become an artist. But she finds what she's never had. A family. Elixir is a story about love, art and fear. An industrial film on two kinds of labour: socialist and capitalist. A poetic investigation of human relations with the soil and the Earth. A striking journey from Poland to Taiwan that makes us think, contemplate and dream. Pure film. J. Kessels is the story of the bizarre road trip taken by a French literary pulp writer with his favourite character J. Kessels. The journey takes them from Tilburg to the Hamburg Reeperbahn in Kessels' old American 'Kamikaze' clunker as they seek out cheating dealer. When they get there they find a corpse in the trunk of the Kamikaze: easy to find, but how do you get rid of it? Children living and playing in a war zone are touched by violence. Part of How Are the Kids? (1990), a UNICEF-sponsored six-film anthology depicting childhood horrors around the world. Filmmaker Penny Woolcock spent eight months in a parallel world, the world of the homeless, befriending people and finding out where they eat, sleep and socialise.  While making her film, Woolcock realised that the very real problems of homeless people have very little to do with the lack of a roof over their heads or a bed to sleep in. Their problems come from their past lives - and are less easy to remedy. Despite the efforts of different charities to move people into homes, the streets are often where they feel safe and what they know best.  In this moving documentary, Woolcock gives the seen-but-unheard residents of London's streets a voice. Tashi Bista dreams to install a makeshift wind turbine in Namdok, a remote village nestled high amongst the Himalayas of Nepal. Namdok, battered by wind and cold has been in darkness for centuries. Wearing Ray Bans to shield his eyes from the dust and just a leather jacket to insulate him from the bitter cold he surveys the village. He grew up in this region without electrical power. He is determined to bring lights to Namdok in an effort to prove himself to the skeptical village community. Tashi's Turbine is a character driven film that shows the impact of one man's dream for light, in a village waiting for development. 15-year old schoolboy Denis and the nun Clotilde fall in love with each other. During the war the two of them take shelter at an abandoned farm and live happily together until the locals start to become suspicious. Kara Murat is a dark-haired, brave and strong young raider. He is a warrior who could run into the Byzantine army just by himself and change the course of the battle fought in Serbia between Ottoman and Byzantine empires. He patrols the Ottoman borders along with the raiders and catches the attention of The Byzantine. During the battle, Kara Murat proves to be such a brave and fearless man. He would then do his best to defend his land, his people, Ottoman Empire and his family. Orhan Celebi, younger brother of Sultan Murat only aims for the throne. However, Sultan Murat leaves the throne to his son and a new era begins with Sultan Mehmet: A young, brave and believing man. The ones who think Sultan Mehmet is weak take advantage of this and they come up with evil plans. A paranormal adventure story told through still image photography and audio. Following the end of a stormy love affair, Expressionist artist Oskar Kokoschka enlists in the First World War. After suffering serious injuries in battle, he experiences a series of memories and visions as medics transport him through the forests of the Russian front. Playful and imaginative, I'm OK explores the wounds of heartbreak and trauma. Inspired by the life and art of Oskar Kokoschka (1886-1980). At the crossroads of two great ancient empires, a simple shepherd named David transforms into a powerful warrior and takes on a terrifying giant. One of history's most legendary battles is retold in a stylistic, bloody tale of courage and faith. Jeckie Farnish is a level-headed young woman, unlike her spoiled younger sister, Rushie. When the sisters become involved with charming businessman Charles Mortimer, the resulting tragedy leads to a lust for revenge on Rushie's part. However, Jeckie knows that she can always turn to reliable Joe Bartle in times of need. Make a self-portrait in the form of a short film, but never show your face. Those were the guidelines. The passengers of a luxury airliner become stranded on a remote, mysterious island after an emergency landing. They soon realize the island holds a dark, deadly secret. When backpackers come to a small village in rural Laos, their arrival divides the local population and disrupts the relationship between two childhood friends.... After his beloved fiancee is killed by demons, Yi Gwak (Woo-sung Jung) joins the royal demon-hunting squad and distinguishes himself as a great hero. And though Yi eventually falls in battle, his adventures are just beginning. His spirit is whisked away to Joong-cheon, a place between heaven and earth where souls await reincarnation -- and where the final, epic clash between the forces of good and evil will be played out. Set in early 19th century Wallachia, Romania, a policeman, Costandin, is hired by a nobleman to find a Gypsy slave who has run away from his estate after having an affair with his wife. Kornel is a twelve year old boy who is looking for treasure buried by his grandfather during WWII. Gary Faulkner is an ex-con, unemployed handyman, and modern day Don Quixote who receives a vision from God telling him to capture Osama Bin Laden. Armed with only a single sword purchased from a home-shopping network, Gary travels to Pakistan to complete his mission. While on his quest, Gary encounters old friends back home in Colorado, the new friends he makes in Pakistan, the enemies he makes at the CIA - and even God and Osama themselves. A documentary revealing Hong Kong's creative industry through the lens of a range from start ups to industry's leading professionals. It is an introduction to what lies in the near future for creatives in Asia; rather than working in-house, creating micro brands and working as an independent consultant. In a madcap future era, the world's greatest secret agent struggles to rescue his young son from the clutches of his infamous former mentor. Eternity (aged 10) lives in a haunted gatehouse at the edge of an ancient forest. She likes to dig for buried treasure in the woods, but one day she digs up something she shouldn't and the forest want it back. The story 11-year-old Luis who makes friends with three loveable little aliens, who crash their UFO into his house. In return for Luis' help in finding the home-shopping channel stuff they came for, they save Luis from boarding school - and an exciting adventure follows. Yushan at the foot of a town, the old factory accident found an old tomb, the news spread,  not only caused widespread concern in the archaeological community, but also attracted the attention of the Tomb of the gang. Set in a small town near the North Pole where roads lead to nowhere, the story follows Roman and Lucy, two burning souls who come together to make a leap for life and inner peace. After discovering a dark window which appears on the wall every midnight two boys decide to investigate the mystery of a dark room behind the window. Meredith Hendricks happens to be the best cop in her quiet town on Lake Tahoe. When a black-market exotic species dealer named Clint is paroled from prison, something he let loose begins to make its presence known. Swimmers and land-lovers alike begin to become part of the food chain at an unbelievable rate. Meredith and her team discover that they're not just hunting one eating machine, but a whole family of them. Not everyone will make it out alive, but those who do will never forget this summer at Shark Lake. Superbia : Pride is the first of the seven deadly sins. The introduction is made through early allegorical forms and figures (triumphal procession, dance of death, Baroque tragedy etc.) The triumphal procession of the giant haystack as a symbol of human vanities becomes a military parade of abrupt, functional and arrogant gestures. The most diverse musical fragments and rhythms intone the montage of details in the staged triumphal procession, juxtaposed with documentary images, including marches, ticker-tape parades and military review. Inhabit is a feature length documentary introducing permaculture: a design method that offers an ecological lens for solving issues related to agriculture, economics, governance, and on. The film presents a vast array of projects, concepts, and people, and it translates the diversity of permaculture into something that can be understood by an equally diverse audience. For those familiar, it will be a call to action and a glimpse into what's possible - what kind of projects and solutions are already underway. For those unfamiliar, it will be an introduction to a new way of being and a new way of relating to the Earth. For everyone, it will be a reminder that humans are capable of being planetary healing forces. What have past acts of destruction taught us about what will happen to mankind after the apocalypse? Is it inevitable that disaster will someday strike America on an unprecedented level? How has history prepared us? History's most dramatic events--Hiroshima, 9/11, Hurricane Katrina and others--are examined and analyzed with hard data gathered from their massive aftereffects. The disappearance of water and food supplies, the effects of deteriorated sanitation and health care on the remaining population, and the increased use of violence as a means of survival--all illustrate how societies have responded and survived. Yogi Roth never wanted to say 'I wish I'd spent more time with my Dad.' After realizing he had not dealt with the emotion stemming from his father's battle with prostate cancer, Yogi invites his Dad on a walk along the Camino de Santiago that would change their lives forever.  College students, Terry, Nancy and Gloria are on their way to a rock concert, driving through a torrential rainstorm...only to crash their car, badly injuring one of them. Seeking shelter and aid they come across a house occupied by a man-hating mother and her daughter, our trio soon wish they hadn't. When Kate and Abby are mistaken for famous art thieves, their fun night out quickly goes from good to bad.  Molly Monster is going to have a sibling soon, but his good friend Edison is a little bit jealous and worried she might forget about him. When Molly's parents have to travel to the Island where monster parents hatch their eggs, Molly is not allowed to go because she is too young, nonetheless she decides to reach them on her own as soon as she realizes they missed to bring her sibling's gift with them. A group of teens faces various horrors in a secluded provincial town.  When Maria (Lisa Carlehed) meets Niels for the first time, he comes across as an angry and unsympathetic young man. His chronic illness has been concentrated into a single wish - to go to a Swiss nursing home for euthanasia. But in order to get there, he needs a volunteer escort. A Vietnam veteran, Charles Rane, returns home after years in a POW camp and is treated as a hero. When thugs invade his home to steal the silver coins he received for his service, they mangle his hand and leave him and his family for dead. Rane survives and becomes obsessed with getting revenge. Aided by his loyal friend Johnny Vohden, Rane, now wielding a hook for a hand, sets out on his mission of vengeance. In 1929, an expedition of university botanists enter an uncharted forest where they discover, and must escape an ancient organism. A British writer struggles to fit in at a high-profile magazine in New York. When a medical experiment turns into a blood-soaked nightmare, the only surviving subject flees for her life. Painfully missing her most precious memories of childhood, pummelled by horrific hallucinations, and pursued by those who stand to profit from her damaged brain, Amber Sheridan embarks on a cross-country road trip to track down a mysterious stranger - a man who has the ability to end Amber's madness, and restore the memories that have been stolen from her. A frustrated artist gets lost inside the cardboard fort he builds in his living room. After a nuclear war decimated the northern hemisphere, the surviving population in the south become desperate and violent competing for scarce resources. Society crumbles and an infectious bacteria threatens to destroy those who remain. In an attempt to rebuild civilization, a self appointed government called 'The ORDER' distributed an immunization to the bacteria, via a massive Electro-Macnetic Pulse (EMP). Secretly, the Order also delivered a bio-tech virus through the EMP, giving them the power to control the population. One man remains immune to the Order's virus - Jake Slater. Now Jake scavenges the wasteland searching for a way to keep his unconscious daughter alive, unaware she is the last child on Earth, and the key to the survival of mankind. A young boy homeless by tragic misfortune, is taken in by a poor yet loving man. Dylan, now a street-smart maverick yearns for a better future. With the odds stacked against him, Dylan fights to bring hope to his community, and find his place in the world. (IMDB) Sam Davis convinces his former best friend to spend a weekend with him to rekindle their friendship at an elegant beachside estate owned by a famous documentary filmmaker. However, it soon becomes clear that Sam is secretly infatuated with his ex, Zoe, who is now the filmmaker's fiancee, and that his true intention is to thwart their impending nuptials. As Sam's plan begins to unravel, he is forced to realize how complicated love and friendship can be. Documentary about the work of Claude Lorius, who began studying Antarctic ice in 1957, and, in 1965, was the first scientist to be concerned about global warming. Scouring the ocean depths for treasure-laden shipwrecks is business as usual for a thrill-seeking underwater adventurer and his wisecracking buddy. But when these two cross paths with a beautiful doctor, they find themselves on the ultimate treasure hunt. Paddington, now happily settled with the Browns, picks up a series of odd jobs to buy the perfect present for his Aunt Lucy, but it is stolen. In a world where mythical creatures are real, monsters and humans are forced to coexist; and as prejudice and insecurity pulls everyone apart, three separate storylines manage to come together. Five beautiful girls vie for a chance to become the spokesmodel for diva DeeDee DeVille's new high-end line of lingerie. The claws come out when the competition gets fierce, but when they begin to disappear one by one, they soon find that they are competing for their lives... Charlie is a fireman who always does everything wrong. A man talks the Fire Chief into ignoring his burning home (he wants the insurance money) unaware that his daughter (the love of the Chief) is upstairs in the house. When the house next door catches fire its owner rouses Charlie who rouses the force. Corky, a tough female ex con and her lover Violet concoct a scheme to steal millions of stashed mob money and pin the blame on Violet's crooked boyfriend Caesar. Shuhao is a 24 year old Taiwanese university graduate. His older brother Shuwei, whom he has idolized since childhood, dies on a bicycle ride to Lhasa. He decides to complete Shuwei's journey, hoping to prove himself through this challenging trip.  Shuhao's inexperience almost sees him headed over a cliff one dark night. Food poisoning nearly costs him his life just after surviving an attack by a pack of menacing Tibetan Mastiffs. In the end, Shuhao arrives in Lhasa to see the Potola Palace. His lonely journey, filled with laughter and tears, brings him to the discovery of a new purpose in life. At early 16th century a priest joins the spanish conquerros in order to bring christianity to the indios. The expedition is murdered by the indios, only the priest is sparred. Santiago, the priest, first tries to continue christianization, but finally becomes one of them - until the Spaniards return. Enchanted by the idea of locating treasure buried by Captain Flint, Squire Trelawney, Dr. Livesey and Jim Hawkins charter a sailing voyage to a Caribbean island. Unfortunately, a large number of Flint's old pirate crew are aboard the ship, including Long John Silver. Post-war Latvia. Francis' gang operates in a small town and the new KGB agent Juris Vilks has been asked to infiltrate his gang and gain his confidence. The world's most magnificent horsemen face an unsure future in one of the planet's last great equine cultures.  The Tibetan Buddhist region of Mustang in the High Himalaya is the Last Forbidden Kingdom and their unique heritage and remarkable spiritual bond with the horse is under threat. In a land where a man's wealth can still be measured in horses, death defying races are the colorful back-drop for this story of the ascent of civilization in the high Himalaya. With lush cinematography, and insightful intervieww, the film also recounts the little known story of the CIA's covert operations in Mustang, and features rare archival footage of the Dalai Lama's flight on horseback over the Himalaya.  The scholarly and perceptive voices of Dr. Sienna Craig - author of "Horses Like Lightning" and Mikel Dunham, author of "Buddha's Warriors" turn this lens to issues of globalization, fragile border politics and the precarious future for Mustang's distinctive equine culture. Nioumoune Island, Senegal. Boniface, a young priest torn between his desires, escapes from his parish. The edge of his makeshift boat, it crosses a disturbing maze of mangroves. In search of freedom, he began a journey that will confront his past, his hidden desires and the vastness of the Mauritanian desert.  Condorito must find a way to rescue his mother in law from an ancient race of aliens which wants to enslave the universe once again. In the heart of downtown Seattle, a diverse group of men and women will come together to climb out of homelessness and drug addiction through an unorthodox recovery program that uses mountain climbing as a means of rehabilitation. After one year of intense physical and mental conditioning, the team will attempt to summit one of the most dangerous mountains in the country, Mt. Rainier. Mariner tells the story of an iconic creature, the sea turtle, that has been the centerpiece for thousands of cultures, serving as the heart of creation, as a deity, as a trickster and much more. What better way to tell the story of man's connection to nature and the ocean than sea turtles, given our long-time fascination with them. The film explores the amazing world of turtles and man through thousands of years and how our futures are intertwined. Two childhood friends leave everything behind to go question the workings of the world. This incredible, life-changing journey across America, Europe, and Asia encourages us to reconsider our relationship with nature, happiness, and the meaning of life.  RECONCILIATION is a groundbreaking, provocative story about an estranged father and son struggling to overcome the heartbreaking consequences of their past. Grant Taylor (Eric Nenninger) has been troubled by intense childhood memories ever since his wife, Sara (Chelsey Crisp), gave him the exciting news..."You are going to be a dad!" As fatherhood nears, Grant privately wrestles with his embarrassment and anger toward his own father. His memories come to a head when Sara receives a call informing them that Grant's dad, Jeff (Jack Maxwell), is terminally ill and his last wish is to see his son. With Sara's encouragement, Grant reluctantly goes to see the man he disowned at his 10th birthday party, when he found out his father was gay. At the hospice, father and son confront the past as they come face to face for the first time in 16 years. Will Grant forgive his father for abandoning their family... Ash, Pikachu, and their friends come to a desert city by the sea. Here they meet the Mythical Pokemon Hoopa, which has the ability to summon things--including people and Pokemon--through its magic rings. After a scary incident, they learn of a story about a brave hero who stopped the rampage of a terrifying Pokemon long ago. Now, the threat that has been bottled up for years is in danger of breaking loose again. Shortcut Safari' is about adventures of a group of 7 urban children, between ages 10 to 14 years, who get stuck in a deep, dense forest while returning from a day long trip organised by the Nature Club of their School. A detective investigates a forgery ring in historical Korea. In the 19th year of Jeonjo's reign, Kim Min, Joseon's top detective, who used to be a King's secret messenger, has been banished to a remote island for some unclear reasons. The only visitors are his old partner, Seo-pil and a young girl, who comes every day to ask him to find her younger sibling. In the meantime, Kim Min happens to hear a rumor that bogus silver bars have been being distributed, which awakens his dormant traits as a detective. Hisako, a beautiful, mysterious woman with her identity unknown, continuously interferes the investigation conducted by this excellent pair of detectives. An Algerian man's life-long dream finally comes true when he receives an invitation to take his cow Jacqueline to the Paris International Agriculture Fair.  Buster's home life is disrupted when his ex-wife and her boyfriend move in. When Maddy Stern discovers her father has gone missing during a routine birdwatching excursion, she and her college pals trek out into the wilderness to find him, only to end up in a wealthy scientist's desolate ranch aviary, where they encounter a pair of giant, hungry terror birds believed to be extinct for centuries. A corporate man who sets out on a journey of self-discovery and heads to the Himalayas.  A twelve-year-old girl is transported by a magical black stallion to the mystical world of Albion, where she discovers that she alone is the key to saving an entire race of people. A film producer who was adopted as a baby and sent to America, returns to her native Russia and the family farm. Once there, strange things begin to happen including the disappearance of her guide, the manifestation of ghosts (including her own!) and the appearance of another man who has been drawn to the farm for the same reasons. Two kids and their dog must use all their skills to survive in the African bush after a plane crash. When US-raised Jaden returns to his birthplace Myanmar, to search for his roots, he discovers a shocking truth, a new love and ultimately a possible future in his homeland. In 1989, Mozambique is a country ruined by civil war. The train that connects Nampula to Malawi is the only hope for people willing to risk their lives to exchange a few bags of salt for sugar. Running slowly over sabotaged tracks, the journey is filled with obstacles and violence. Mariamu, a frequent traveler, shares her trip with her friend Rosa, a nurse who is going to her new hospital, living the reality of war for the first time, Lieutenant Taiar, who only knows the reality of his military life, and another soldier, Salomao, with whom he doesn't get along. Amongst bullets and laughter, stories of love and war unfold as the train advances towards the next stop. Defeated on the battlefield by Thor, Loki is brought to Odin for justice. But by using his guile and trickery, Loki escapes to Earth. There he will conquer mankind and raise an even larger army to use in his quest for domination throughout the Nine Realms.  Enraged by devastation of his home, Thor pursues Loki, but in the journey, he is rendered defenseless, awakening on Earth without his mighty hammer, or his memory. Alone and disoriented, Thor is besieged by Loki's followers, hell-bent on stopping him...at any cost. Enlisting the help of a female human companion, Thor fights his way North, in search of his mythical weapon. Finding his hammer, Thor's identity and prowess are restored and he must now prepare himself for a final climactic battle with Loki, to prevent the overthrow of the universe. France, June 1944. On the eve of D-Day, some American paratroopers fall behind enemy lines after their aircraft crashes while on a mission to destroy a radio tower in a small village near the beaches of Normandy. After reaching their target, the surviving paratroopers realise that, in addition to fighting the Nazi troops that patrol the village, they also must fight against something else. A war-hardened Crusader and his Moorish commander mount an audacious revolt against the corrupt English crown. Set in the future in a time of interplanetary colonization, an unlikely pair race against an impending global crisis and are confronted by the monsters that live inside us all. For the last 500 years, Edilson has been cutting sugar cane in Brazil. One day, the machines arrive and he leaves his job to engage in his first space mission. A small step for him, a giant leap for the nation. The court horse Gaius Julius Caesar to his misfortune overhears boyars and learns about a conspiracy against the prince. What to do? Protect a prince no one! Heroes away - catch a robber Potanyu, Dragon on vacation, the army on maneuvers ... But if the bad guys are going to take over the world, to someone it is necessary to save him? Who is he, a hero who will come to the rescue? Of course, the horse Julius! This Strategy and the "grand strategist". He would save all, but if you do not save, then at least try. Most importantly, to the rescue of the world did not turn a complete disaster. An employee of the insurance company, Oleg Kogy along with his wife Olga, decide to use his official position and swindle an insurance policy. They insure the Oleg's life for a large amount, simultaneously taking out loans in several banks where 'Oleg Kogiya' is known as a representative of the insurance company.  But something goes wrong, each of the participants start to get entangled in the sins and merits of crime... In search of a new energy source, Russia accidentally reawakens the Kolossus - a giant robot doomsday device from the Cold War. At the same time, a new Mega Shark appears, threatening global security. The last drop for Jan's resolution is the voluntary death of his father-in-law, whose strength and patience ran dry. Grandma made decisions about Grandpa's life, old age as well as the funeral. Jan is sure that he and his wife Olga are on the same route. He recalls his past life when he used to have his own will and dreams and he wants to live again with dignity and freedom. He longs to control his own life again. And his solution is escape from the present life. In this movie we watch, in parallel ,the fates of Jan's married daughters Olinka and Alenka and his sons-in-law Erik and Pepik. An Olympian runner tries to find his way through life again after a brutal car accident. Along the way he encounters two very unique women who change his life in different ways. Christopher Robin, the boy who had countless adventures in the Hundred Acre Wood, has grown up and lost his way. Now it's up to his spirited and loveable stuffed animals, Winnie The Pooh, Tigger, Piglet, and the rest of the gang, to rekindle their friendship and remind him of endless days of childlike wonder and make-believe, when doing nothing was the very best something. Timm Thyler is poor, but he laughs a lot and he looks so charming. One day, the world's richest man makes the boy a dubious offer: if Timm agrees to sell him his laugh, he'll win every bet he ever makes in the future.  A small but brave donkey and his animal friends become the unsung heroes of the greatest story ever told, the first Christmas. A road trip from Karachi to Lahore where 5 friends discover themselves and the country amidst getting to their destination. Taking place 500 years after the Havoc in Heaven, the Tang Priest is appointed by Buddha to go to the West to fetch the sacred scriptures, only to accidentally free the Monkey King. With Lady White (Gong Li) aiming to break up the team assembled to defeat her, the Monkey King must fight in order to save his world!   Josje, a primary school teacher, is a secret super hero saving animals: Superteacher. When animals of a zoo are in danger she has to choose: rescue them or run. The Wizard takes warriors from there time periods and makes them fight to the death for his evil pleasure. In the distant future, Jack Deadman and his military team are the final hope to save our dying earth from its hellish apocalypse. The mission is to enter the underground world of Labyrinthia and retrieve the water stolen by the savage inhabitants below... 10 years later, the mission has failed, and Jack Deadman exists in isolation, trapped and buried deep within Labyrinthia. A lone wolf anti-hero, changed by failure and guilt. But when the opportunity to escape arises once again, Jack will begin a quest for vengeance and redemption in one last attempt to escape from Labyrinthia. In the near future, society collapses and water becomes scarce. When a greedy water baron starts violently clearing out survivors, Kendal, a 17-year-old teenager, fights the baron's henchman to keep a well open. A drama following a French platoon during Algeria's war of independence Boruto is the son of the 7th Hokage Naruto who completely rejects his father. Behind this, he has feelings of wanting to surpass Naruto, who is respected as a hero. He ends up meeting his father's friend Sasuke, and requests to become... his apprentice!? The curtain on the story of the new generation written by Masashi Kishimoto rises! When Curious George is offered a special space mission, Ted (The Man in the Yellow Hat) can't deny his little friend this exciting journey, especially after Curious George completes the training. But when he crash-lands in Africa, a worried Ted goes searching, expecting the worst, only to have it turn out to be the best. Storks deliver babies...or at least they used to. Now they deliver packages for a global internet retail giant. Junior, the company's top delivery stork, is about to be promoted when he accidentally activates the Baby Making Machine, producing an adorable and wholly unauthorized baby girl... Stork is a gangly young man, a virgin with an overactive imagination who thinks he's a revolutionary. Bored with a design job at General Motors Holden in Melbourne, he drops out and moves into a share house with his mate Westy. He daydreams his way through life, bungling job interviews, upsetting 'respectable' people, and getting drunk. The only girl in the house, Anna resists Stork's advances, because she's already involved with the other two resident males, Tony and Clyde. But when she becomes pregnant and Clyde and Anna decide to marry, Stork, Tony, Clyde and Westy are shocked when they realize that either one of the foursome could be the father. Then the fun begins.... A medicine woman - a giver of life - is asked to hide a secret which may protect one life but which will destroy another. Just three days out from their wedding day, Jess and Max are ready to call it quits from the out-of-control planning. They visit Billie, the owner of a wedding donation company, specializing in donating leftover wedding elements to those in need. However when Max's brother Charlie will stop at nothing to keep them together, he enlists the help of Billie to ensure this meant-to-be couple gets hitched once and for all. International Flight 42 is on course, when all of a sudden a massive and weird storm crops up around the plane. This sends the plane back in time to the year 1940- smack dab in the middle of WWII! Now, the crew and passengers must not only find a way back to their time, but fight off the Axis powers. The story of a super-secret spy organization that recruits an unrefined but promising street kid into the agency's ultra-competitive training program just as a global threat emerges from a twisted tech genius. In Bamse and the Witch's daughter Croesus Vole finds gold in the beavers' dam. To demolish the dam and get the gold he tricks the witch's daughter Lova to enchant Bamse. With Bamse gone, it's up to the children to help each other to stop Croesus - but to do that they have to be friends. The artist Tom Sachs and his team of bricoleurs build a handmade space program and send two female astronauts to Mars Four men head into the remote woods on an annual camping trip. As one of them gradually loses his mind, the weekend of fun takes a turn for the worse and the other three must fight for their lives. When a mysterious woman seduces Dom into the world of crime and a betrayal of those closest to him, the crew face trials that will test them as never before. Miles Morales is juggling his life between being a high school student and being a spider-man. When Wilson "Kingpin" Fisk uses a super collider, others from across the Spider-Verse are transported to this dimension. Adventure - Young Danny Johnson (Elliott Mihm) must use his smarts and adventurous spirit to stop devious, pint-sized aliens and their unstoppable robot from brainwashing the children of Earth as a precursor to worldwide domination in writer/director Christopher R. Mihm's retro-styled, sci-fi take on classic family films! -  Elliott Mihm, Gabrielle Bilotta, Michael Cook Story continues with the students' own conflicts, Koro Sensei's identity and the fate of the world. The time limit for assassination is approaching. Fed up with the hectic, senseless world he lives in, Teddy decides to settle down alone in Siberia, in the midst of winter, in a hut by the shore of Lake Baikal. After an initial period of elation in front of the splendor and magic of unspoiled nature, Teddy soon finds himself confronted with the less glossy side of things : solitude, extreme cold, the necessity to find food, danger... One night Teddy gets lost in a blizzard and would be doomed to a certain death, were it not for Aleksei, a Russian convict living hidden away in the forest nearby, who rescues him in extremis. Friendship soon blossoms between the two men... Toto has grown and now is a young cock. An evil rancher tricks the female owner of the ranch where they live and forces her to bet the property in a cockfight in the arena. Toto is the only option to defend their home, so he must train in just one week and win the championship of the arena. The all-powerful Monkey King once roamed freely between Heaven and Earth, but after angering the Gods, he was imprisoned within an ice cage deep within the mountains. 500 years later, monsters attack a small village and a child flees to the mountains. Unknowingly, the child releases the Monkey King from his curse. With the help and encouragement from this special child, Monkey King saves the village from the evil monsters. When an attack on the Kingsman headquarters takes place and a new villain rises, Eggsy and Merlin are forced to work together with the American agency known as the Statesman to save the world. Arkus is reigned by Schiija. The Evil queen forces the inhabitants to give her their best work as gifts at the yearly gifts day. One day a former rival passes a hint on how to defeat the queen to the streetkids Jono and Saraja . A woman finds a romantic letter in a bottle washed ashore and tracks down the author, a widowed shipbuilder whose wife died tragically early. As a deep and mutual attraction blossoms, the man struggles to make peace with his past so that he can move on and find happiness. Epic fantasy-adventure meets martial arts action in this thrilling film written by Luc Besson &amp; Robert Mark Kamen. After a mysterious chest opens a gateway through time, teen gamer Jack (Uriah Shelton) is transported to an ancient empire terrorized by a cruel barbarian king (former WWE superstar Dave Bautista). Jack will need all of his gaming skills as he battles to defeat the barbarian, protect a beautiful princess, and somehow find his way back home. Two old friends reunite, which causes complications. Polar Adventure is a new russian cartoon Montreal actor/comedian Mike Paterson's health is no joke. The normally high-energy comic is desperate to overcome his debilitating sciatica back pain that conventional medicine hasn't been able to remedy. Mike obtains a legal medical marijuana prescription for his chronic pain and embarks upon an unconventional marijuana and hemp-infused diet that he supplements with exercise, vegetarian eating, no booze and sheer determination - all in an attempt to turn his health around and lose 50 lbs. in the four months before his destination wedding in Mexico. As part of his adventure, Mike hits the road to pot meccas California and Colorado to immerse himself in their blossoming 'edibles' scenes and learn from local chefs, dispensary owners, advocates and fellow patients how cannabis edibles work. Medicine never tasted so good.  *** TAKEN FROM ITUNES PAGE (https://itunes.apple.com/ca/tv-season/grass-fed/id1060185232)  When millions of people begin to disappear, Gabby, his sister, and their other companies will have to stick together for survival and to figure out what happened behind of an indescribable occurrence. A documentary about the making of "To Kill a Mockingbird". Jack Carlisle is a disillusioned 13-year old boy. His mother is always away at work since his father left. He decides to run away, as his mom won't miss him. As he is ready to leave, his nanny, convinces him to read this 'magic book'. The book is about a pirate adventure on Magic Island. As Jack reads the book, he is sucked into the world and goes on numerous adventures with Prince Morgan, while fleeing the evil Blackbeard the Pirate. He is even saved by Lily, a beautiful mermaid, whom he falls in love with. Sugisaki (Tatsuya Fujiwara) is an actor already past his prime. He lands a job as the lead in a TV program. The television program ventures into unexplored territories to locate a legendary UMA (unidentified mysterious animal). Initially, Sugisaki just goes along with the staff who lack a specific plan. Sugisaki soon engages his leadership position in the program and takes his job seriously. The reinvigorated elderly group that left Earth comes back to visit their relatives. Will they all decide to go back to the planet where no one grows old, or will they be tempted to remain on Earth? Willy Echevarria is a policeman in a small town in the Dominican Republic. He's also a fan of and yearns to be like the leads of classic Film Noir. After being fired in a bumbled operation with his bad cop partner Bruce Garcia, Willy has a chance to restore his career by finding a historical artifact that mysteriously went missing from a national museum. Dreaming of adventure, city mouse Gavin and his buddy Matthew join a crew of Ship Mice ready to set sail - just as young Chester bursts in, pleading for help. Stowing away on a boat, the gang heads for Dream Island to defend Chester's family of mice against Winston the White Weasel (Jon Lovitz) and his wicked weasel clan. But is their courage enough? Armed with laser guns and wit, Pete Winning and his rag-tag crew navigate a flooded earth in the not-too-distant future. Braving mutants, pirates and the seas, they search for the self-crowned evil Queen's coveted maps of the new world. Brazil 1821. Upon his return to the imposing farmhouse, Antonio, a rich cattle herder, finds out that his wife dies in labor. Forced to live in the property with numerous African slaves, he marries his wife's niece. A restless soul, he returns to droving, leaving his young wife behind alone with the slaves. Swedish detective Inspector Kurt Wallander attempts to connect the shocking suicide of a young woman and the vicious murder of a government minister, and eventually uncovers wrongdoing and corruption that extends to the heart of the Swedish establishment. For the past 3 decades, Arctic explorer Lonnie Dupre has traveled - by dogsled, skis and kayak - more than 15,000 miles throughout the High Arctic and polar regions. His life-long love of the Arctic and the knowledge he has gained by traveling and living with the Inuit people has led him to pursue one aim: advocating for these fragile Arctic environments that impact the well being of the whole planet.  Padmini (Manju Warrier) a traditional married woman who goes to Manali, Himachal Pradesh to meet her car rallyist husband Giri (Jinu Joseph). Rani a North Indian bred troublemaker with feminine qualities running away from a rowdy who has posed threat to her life. As fate would have, they meet together and an illustrious journey starts where they are met with pleasantness, happiness, dread and excitement. After heroically defeating both the Snow Queen and the Snow King, Gerda still cannot find peace. Her dream is to find her parents who were once taken away from them by the North Wind and finally reunite the family. Thus, Gerda and her friends embark on an exiting journey to find her parents and encounter new challenges along the way: they discover an ancient magical artifact of the trolls, the Stone of Fire and Ice. From that moment on, things don't go according to the initial plan...Will Gerda be able to tame the mighty forces of the magical elements and get her family back? The answer will be reveled in 2016. This is a story which encompasses everything you love about Wizart: kindness, bravery, friendship, mystery, love of one's family, and a happy ending, of course! The cunning and wicked Urfin wants to become ruler of Magic Land. With an army of wooden soldiers, he captures the Emerald City and renames it ti Urfinville. He is all but ready to celebrate victory, when his plans are ruined by an ordinary girl named Dorothy, who arrives in Magic Land just at the right time. She must return home, but not before she helps her friends - the Scarecrow, the Tin Man, and new-brave Lion - defeat Urfin. And in order to do that, they need to find out who he really is. Two estranged brothers reunite at their missing father's video store to liquidate the property and sell off his assets. As they dig through the store, they find a VCR board game dubbed 'Beyond The Gates' that holds a connection to their father's disappearance and deadly consequences for anyone who plays it. Snitch steals Ginger's baseball tickets and takes Ginger's girl to the game. Finding himself without tickets, Ginger dresses as a baseball player and wins the game. The film is notable as the debut of the "Glasses" or "Boy" character. The movie revolves around three childhood friends, who are married and settled in their lives but are afraid of their wives. Vilen Apresyan, the deputy head of the Armenian central bank, will be fired if a representative of an international credit organization, who is about to arrive in two days' time, doesn't sign an agreement to provide a 50 million euro loan. The situation looks hopeless, and Vilen can only be saved by a miracle... In the wild island of Pazucus, everything is hopeless. Orestia & Omar seek to harmonize their relationship in a camp and find themselves gradually oppressed by nature, which changes from paradisiac to hellish. Simultaneously, inside Carlos' intestines, fecal monsters plot his demise. This stomachic confusion makes him an easy prey for the obsessive Dr. Roberto. The paranoia, the sorcery, the madness and the prophetic voice lead their destinies to a place where the dissolution of all beings appears to be the only possibility of communion. ONE BAD CAT is about the transformative role art plays in the tumultuous life of 82 year-old, African-American, renowned "outsider" artist Reverend Albert Wagner. He has been a lightening rod for controversy his entire life. Racism, ego and lust led him to the brink of ruin. Miraculously turned onto religion at age 50, he was inspired by God to paint, and become a famous artist for a mostly White clientele. From a racist Southern upbringing, in his later years his artwork railed against the lifestyles of members of the African-American community, which created as many detractors as champions. Near the film's conclusion, an ailing Albert comes to terms with his checkered past. Was Albert's penitence real and did he achieve redemption through his art? Ricky is a defiant young city kid who finds himself on the run with his cantankerous foster uncle in the wild New Zealand bush. A national manhunt ensues, and the two are forced to put aside their differences and work together to survive. When a scientist runs short of funding for his life-saving medical Bio-Printing research, he accepts an offer of investment from a shadowy military organisation. In return, he is forced to use his technology to create the ultimate battlefield weapon - a full size Tyrannosaurus Rex.  After a horrific accident in which the dinosaur massacres his research team, the scientist shuts down the project. However, his investors demand results and it can only be a matter of time before the deadly T-Rex is unleashed upon the world! On the run in the year 1987, Bumblebee finds refuge in a junkyard in a small Californian beach town. Charlie, on the cusp of turning 18 and trying to find her place in the world, discovers Bumblebee, battle-scarred and broken.  When Charlie revives him, she quickly learns this is no ordinary yellow VW bug. Dug, along with his sidekick Hognob, unite a cavemen tribe to save their hidden valley from being spoiled and, all together as a team, to face the menace of a mysterious and mighty enemy, on the turf of an ancient and sacred sport. Two teenage boys cycle 160 km on stolen bikes pursued by police to find a missing bale of cocaine worth 7 million euro. Set around the real event of Ireland's biggest cocaine seizure in 2007 of 440 million euro. When an unknown military force invades Bushwick, a Brooklyn neighborhood, young student Lucy and war veteran Stupe must rely on each other to escape and survive. Artist Trent Dion Soto spent 30 days homeless on the streets of LA's Skid Row, with only a toothbrush and a GoPro camera. Five warriors stumble upon an object in the sand which gifts them with the sound of music. Treasure Playground is an exciting adventurous mystery film created by Sue ellen Randolph. Two kids accompanied by one Nanny stumbled on a pirate's head in the playground and by that head...there was a clue.....a clue to find the hidden treasure. Within this video there is also two more shows, Skeleton in my Crib an animation comedy and "Kappa Claw" which is a learning fun show for kids. In Kappa Claw there is also dancing and singing of nursery rhymes. Tony, a thirteen-year-old boy on vacation in rural Germany, is fascinated by the idea of vampires. Meanwhile Rudolph, a vampire of "similar" age (313!), encounters trouble when his clan is threatened by a dangerously obsessed hunter. Fate brings these two boys together, as Tony & Rudolph set off an action-packed battle to stop the villain, save Rudolph's family and learn the power of friendship. On a tiny exotic island, Tuesday, an outgoing parrot lives with his quirky animal friends in paradise. However, Tuesday can't stop dreaming about discovering the world. After a violent storm, Tuesday and his friends wake up to find a strange creature on the beach: Robinson Crusoe. Tuesday immediately views Crusoe as his ticket off the island to explore new lands. Likewise, Crusoe soon realizes that the key to surviving on the island is through the help of Tuesday and the other animals. It isn't always easy at first, as the animals don't speak "human." Slowly but surely, they all start living together in harmony, until one day, when their comfortable life is overturned by two savage cats, who wish to take control of the island. A battle ensues between the cats and the group of friends but Crusoe and the animals soon discover the true power of friendship up against all odds (even savage cats). The strange little guy in the blue hood is well known to Krosmoz. His name is Joris and he's proposing to take you on a fantastic adventure. Our hero is leading a happy life in his magic shop in the city of Bonta. But one day, when he seeks out his idol, a Gobbowl superstar, everything changes for the worst as Julith, the vengeful witch, is back in town! The sequel picks up eight years since the opening night tragedy of HELL HOUSE LLC and still many unanswered questions remain. Thanks to an anonymous tip, an investigative journalist is convinced that key evidence is hidden inside the abandoned Abaddon Hotel - evidence that will shed light on the hotel's mysteries and many unsolved deaths and disappearances. She assembles a team to break into the hotel in hopes of discovering the truth. But the source of the tip and the secrets of the Abaddon Hotel are more horrifying than any of them could have imagined. More than a year has passed since the world found out about Ceres II, a dwarf planet on a clean course to devastate earth. The initial chaos that ensued has diminished; in the final weeks leading up to impact, people everywhere are trying to live normal everyday lives just one last time. Four friends use their final days to fulfill their bucket lists and document it in hopes of preserving a time capsule they call the "Rocket List". The plan is to fire off their documentary into outer space before impact in hopes that one day someone will find it. Amanda's horse Tanner helps her discover a hidden village of FOREST FAIRIES who offer to help stop an evil land developer from tricking Amanda's mom into selling the family country inn. In this stunningly lush film, the Forest Fairies use their fairy magic and quick thinking to uncover the evil plot. To save the day, they must all try and convince Amanda's mom to believe in love again, believe in laughter again, and believe in fairies. An American pilot is sent to a Chinese province to teach a crew of would-be pilots how to fly war planes against the Japanese during World War II. Six stoner best friends discover a viral video of a local teen who disappeared years ago from an alleged haunted house in their neighbourhood. Searching for one last adventure before graduating high school, the teens decide to investigate this local urban legend, only to discover this night could be their worst, and possible last, experience of their lives. My father and I get into an old camper and head for Paris where, 23 years ago, he dispersed his mother's ashes in the Luxembourg Garden. Our trip will take two weeks. We're both documentary filmmakers so we've decided to make a film recording the journey. We stop at camper parks or gas stations for the night. We each have a camera to keep the conditions fair and so we're both the directors and protagonists at the same time. My father is 70, I am 44. We discuss various things - family history, difficult past, my father's divorces. Any question is allowed. The journey is a pretext to get to know each other a little better. A cinematic-psychological experiment about the father-son relationship. Once in the editing room, will we be able to create a single version that would be acceptable to both? A dysfunctional family under suspicion of murder after three bodies mysteriously appear on their ranch are terrorised by what they can only describe as Bigfoot. Lonely young woman with a child lives in a quiet village and works as a librarian. Close friends consider it outdated and want her to get acquainted with a man.  They manage to persuade the character to meet a lonely bachelor. But instead of the expected groom on her doorstep there is a "night visitor" ...  Godzilla... Predator... Robby the Robot... The Gill Man... These are some of the most iconic characters in cinema, but many people still don't know about the incredible actors who bring these creatures to life! The life of a bank manager is turned upside down when a friend from his past manipulates him into faking his own death and taking off on an adventure. John Henry returns to his hometown in hopes of repairing his relationship with his estranged father, but a local gang is terrorizing the town. John Henry is the only one who can stop them, however he has abandoned both his gun and reputation as a fearless quick-draw killer. After defeating the Nether world, the king of Persist, decides to destroy the Devil. He leaves the power to Prince Zahak. The Evil reappear in Zahak's soul.Kaveh, a blacksmith, leads a revolt. Will the eternal battle between darkness and light end ? The mayor of Sunny Dale see a chance to get rid of the Flodder family: They send the asocial bunch for an international exchange to New York. There they get confused with a Russian delegation of medical doctors while the street worker Werner who accompanies them becomes imprisoned. Set during the last days of the Ottoman Empire, a love triangle develops between Mikael, a brilliant medical student, the beautiful and sophisticated artist Ana, and Chris, a renowned American journalist based in Paris. A drama about a group of criminals who are targeting rich and successful... Three guys from differents countries (Peru, Argentina and Chile) come together in a funny adventure through the jungle in order to get to the Final of the FIFA World Cup Brasil 2014. A loving husband, a mother-in-law who cares, an attractive house, a puppy and the project to have a child. Lena has everything to be happy. But at the end of one year, Lena is still not pregnant and takes refuge in the training of her dog. When the identities of secret agents from Control are compromised, the Chief promotes hapless but eager analyst Maxwell Smart and teams him with stylish, capable Agent 99, the only spy whose cover remains intact. Can they work together to thwart the evil plans of KAOS and its crafty operative? When a new doctor moves in next door, the neighborhood kids make it their mission to ensure he is not a creepy guardian of a terrible neighbor-eating monster. One day Doraemon, Nobita, Shizuka, Gian and Suneo were shooting a film as space heroes. When they were shooting the film in the open lot a boy called Aron comes and alerts them of aliens attacking his planet. They agree to help him by turning into real superheroes, but it isn't as easy as it looks. The town of Midground is threatened by a tsunami caused by a massive earthquake in the North Pacific Ocean. After other unexplainable events transpire, Chase Lombardi and friends are forced to discover whether they are experiencing a natural phenomenon or something else all together. Three different ways of facing the apocalypse five hours before the end of the world. fantastic and romantic moments of love, an anxious waiting time and the desperate search for pepper in an apocalyptic and crazy world. Events cross and mix. Time seems to get beyond control.How does one live out the last five hours and 38 minutes before the end? We see the last.  /// A cinco horas del fin del mundo, se plantean tres maneras diferentes de afrontar el apocalipsis. The nine year old Larissa lives in the Luneburg Heath. She is in the clique "The Timies", which is devoted to historical events and facts. In this summer holidays, Larissa's cousins from Berlin are visiting the Luneburg Heath for the first time. From now on, Emma more and more realizes that she disposes of a mysterious talent. By touching antique objects she is able to look into the past of these things. Will they be able to find this treasure? And what has this shining crystal appearing in Emma's visions to do with it? A young man tries to self-justify that he's a good person, only to spiral into primitive urges, leaving his mark all over Chicago. The story or two men who fall in love and move in together. During the twenty years school reunion classmates suddenly learn that one of them - Nadezhda Kruglova - is a proud mother of ten children. Lucy, a small-town girl from Ohio, discovers the delightfully bizarre films of legendary filmmaker Federico Fellini and sets off on a journey across Italy to find him. A group of students become trapped inside a mysterious cave where they discover time passes differently underground than on the surface. In 1979, a young soldier is working in China's snowcapped mountains when an explosion reveals bizarre fossils hidden deep in the mountain caverns. What they discover next will change his life and human history forever. A scientific adventure to encounter the baobabs of Madagascar and the Vezo, a nomadic tribe of the sea. Enraged by the murder of it's offspring, a Bigfoot rampages through the countryside of Southeast Ohio. Detective Benson (Zach Galligan), Ranger Thomas (Johnny Lechner) and Bigfoot researcher Hank (Dave Sherrill) scramble to locate the legendary creature before it attacks a group of teenagers on a camping trip in an isolated place called Kampout. - Written by Glenn Martin Monte and his baby daughter are the last survivors of a damned and dangerous mission to the outer reaches of the solar system. They must now rely on each other to survive as they hurtle toward the oblivion of a black hole. A miss-matched couple embark on a frantic search for the Dead Sea Scroll hidden in the ancient city of Petra. Jack Reacher must uncover the truth behind a major government conspiracy in order to clear his name. On the run as a fugitive from the law, Reacher uncovers a potential secret from his past that could change his life forever. Centuries ago, many cultures believed the Earth was a flat disc. As scientific thought and technology evolved, the Earth was revealed to be a globe, a view that's widely accepted today--but not by everyone. The flat Earth movement has seen a recent resurgence. These conspiracy theorists deny the scientific model of the globe and join together through conventions, forums and online platforms to discuss their belief system. On the other end of the spectrum, the scientific community aims to counter this resurrected myth, resulting in an ever-growing public battle of conspiracies and anti-intellectualism. Giving a well-rounded look at all sides of the debate, Behind the Curve shows that no matter where you stand on this issue, the conversations and people around it are anything but flat.  The devil, following in the footsteps of Christ, decides to become flesh and take a stroll around Earth to see how humans have progressed, and have a little fun creating havoc and mayhem in the process.  Martial-arts legend Jackie Chan presents this pulse-pounding update to his own classic thriller. Finding himself at a murder scene, bike courier Li Ziwei tries to escape, but the culprits force him off a bridge. The amnesia from his head injuries means he can't recognize the faces of his enemies, who have framed him for the crime. Now, carrying the parcel that's his only clue, and with the help of sassy hitchhiker Tong Xin, Li Ziwei must outrun killers and cops while racing to clear his name of the mysterious murder. An ordinary guy suddenly finds he has superpowers he can use to help his spirited daughter and the people around them, but he also runs into trouble in the process.  After receiving a distressing medical diagnosis, a listless young man flees the crushing tedium of Toronto city life, trading it all for the wilderness of the British Columbian Interior. When his whims go awry, he is reduced to petty thievery just to survive. Fearing his misdeeds will catch up with him, he retreats further and further into the woods only to gradually find himself the target of increasingly inexplicable and disturbing manifestations, which point to a frightening truth: he is not alone. Some one or some thing is pursuing him into THE INTERIOR. Lola Bunny invents a perfume with the adverse effect of turning people invisible, sending her and cab driver Bugs Bunny on the run from the FBI, while another shady group seeks the formula. Perm, Siberia, 1918. the central Siberian White guard corps under the command of a young general Anatoliy Pepelyaev have taken the city. the army is exhausted and running short on supplies. the General tasks the Permian merchants with collecting the money needed for the survival of the army much to their dismay. madame chagina, a rich widow answers the call and presents general with a massive diamond... only to have it mysteriously disappear the next day. recently sentenced to death red Army investigator Andrei murzin is brought in to  nd the precious contribution. murzin must  nd the diamond in exchange for a chance to save his life. Andres Bonifacio y de Castro is considered to be one of the most influential proponents in the struggle against Spanish colonial rule in the Philippines during the late nineteenth century. Today, he is still celebrated as the father of the Philippine Revolution. The shogunate announced "ninja prohibition order". Gohime (Aoi Morikawa) and her party travel to Edo to ask for Nagano han's relief. Denzo (Dean Fujioka) is a former ninja, with a mysterious past, now travelling with Gohime's party as security. While in the mountain, their group is attacked by a monster. Only Gohime and Denzo survive. Denzo aims to protect Gohime from the monster, but they also develop feelings for each other. A young girl from London moves to Africa with her parents where she befriends a lion cub.  In his 5th stand-up special, Paavam (Innocent) comedian Kenny Sebastian talks about moving cities, his parents and why he is a former nice guy. Unadventurous office worker Hannah and her childhood friend Trixie's world is turned upside down when the ghost of her late sister appears; guiding them on a road trip to scatter her ashes at a destination she once sought but never found. What starts off as a simple journey turns into an unpredictable adventure and the two friends must overcome their sheltered existence and find out who they really are and what they are truly capable of. Chul-soo is a man with an intellectual disability.  One day, Chul-soo finds out that a young girl, Saet-byul, who is in hospital is his daughter.  And soon, Saet-byul sneaks out of the hospital and travels by herself to a faraway city for her friend's birthday.  As Chul-soo accompanies Saet-byul's journey, friendship develops between the two. It took Anna 10 years to recover from the death of her husband, Sean, but now she's on the verge of marrying her boyfriend, Joseph, and finally moving on. However, on the night of her engagement party, a young boy named Sean turns up, saying he is her dead husband reincarnated. At first she ignores the child, but his knowledge of her former husband's life is uncanny, leading her to believe that he might be telling the truth.  John Cooper is a computer programming genius who starts working on a project to reverse engineer human intelligence using a map of the human genome. John becomes increasingly disillusioned and severely depressed as he begins to question any possible meaning of human thoughts and emotions that can be replicated on computer software. On the verge of a mental breakdown, he meets Emily-a shy, bohemian novelist that is unable to find emotional sustenance outside of the world of her own writing. This is the story of two lost souls searching for a shadow of love in an increasingly alienating modern world. Young student Nikita suddenly gets into the past where he meets his own young parents, new friends and even a true love. An American hypochondriac who is working as a baggage handler is forced to confront his fears when a British teenager with a terminal illness enlists him to help her carry out her eccentric bucket list. The autobiography of a Somalian nomad who was sold in marriage at 13, fled from Africa a while later to become finally an American supermodel and is now at the age of 38, the UN spokeswoman against female genital mutilation. In this tragic-comic study of religious hypocrisy, a disreputable cleric convinces villagers that their community is home to a famous holyman's grave. Tsatsiki longs for the summer holidays when he will go to Greece to live with his dad Yanis. When Tsatsiki arrive at the village, it is not quite as he remembered it. Guesthouses and taverns are empty, there is a crisis in Greece and in his beloved village. When his dad delivers the bad news that he might have to sell both the hotel and the olive grove, Tsatsiki becomes upset. However, Tsatsiki's mother has taught him to never give up. He realizes that it is up to him to save the hotel, otherwise his beloved place in Greece will be lost. A trailer for a silent film that never was ... and probably shouldn't have been, anyways. Join Captain Cuke (Larry the Cucumber) and his loyal first officer, Mr. Spork (Bob the Tomato), as they embark on an out of this world adventure to save the galaxy from a menacing space pirate. Noah and his family along with a zoo full of animals take an adventure aboard an orange slice ark. After 40 days and nights of rain, everyone's faith has been tested, and they're ready to jump ship. Will they chart a new course, or will they remember to trust God's promises? Grad your umbrellas and find out in this VeggieTales re-telling of the beloved Bible story! A group of idealistic, but frustrated, liberals succumb to the temptation of murdering rightwing pundits for their political beliefs. A psychological thriller about the destructive relationship between a middle-aged man and his mother. A strange but not unwelcome global pandemic fills people everywhere with boundless sexual lust. From their apparent refuge out in space, astronauts believe they understand the root of this evil: the universal sexual matrix known as ultra-sex has disappeared! It must be found! The quest begins, while below the blue planet is caught in the throes of crazed and improbable abandon. Gene, a multi-expressional emoji, sets out on a journey to become a normal emoji. Three years after the demise of Jurassic World, a volcanic eruption threatens the remaining dinosaurs on the isla Nublar, so Claire Dearing, the former park manager, recruits Owen Grady to help prevent the extinction of the dinosaurs once again. A family in emotional turmoil is taken by surprise in this quirky adventure where an eccentric 8-year-old American boy, Wes, has an existential epiphany - He believes that he is in fact a Mongolian goat herder.  A star quarterback gets knocked out of the game and an unknown third stringer is called in to replace him. The unknown gives a stunning performance and forces the aging coach to reevaluate his game plans and life. A new co-owner/president adds to the pressure of winning. The new owner must prove her self in a male dominated world. A group of aspiring filmmakers must overcome a series of obstacles and conflicts as they strive to complete their cinematic masterpiece. When Damon Miller, a talented, young London filmmaker becomes involved in the disturbing research surrounding Near-Earth Objects he stumbles onto the discovery that the Earth stands on the brink of an extraterrestrial disaster. A biopic of Temple Grandin, an autistic woman who has become one of top scientists in humane livestock handling. The Chukchi reindeer breeders are peculiar people. They are nomads. Reindeers are their welfare, the purport of life. The mother-reindeer is the main divine being; it protects the Chukchi from misfortune and troubles. Nature is not friendly towards people here. Only Chukchi can survive in Tundra. A rush period for the Chukchi reindeer breeders comes in winter, when the temperature rises up to 50 degrees Celsius at night and in the sunlight of the day it doesn't exceed 40 degrees Celsius in tundra: they should separate young deers from the rest of the herd, the weak from the strong. And this, considering that the herds of the Chukchi reindeer breeders number some thousand heads... Galis - The Journey to Astra is a high-quality adventure film for children. The movie operates on two levels - as a suspenseful, entertaining fairytale, and as a coming-of-age story. Yonatan is at the height of his glory as the chosen one , but as always, there is only enough room at the top for one, and Yonatan has left all of his friends behind. When he finds himself in an alien world called Astra - Yonatan feels compelled to prove his abilities as a leader, and prove that he is the chosen one on Astra as he is on Earth. But through his Journey Yonatan will realize that this vanity is stopping him from listening to the people closest to him and the lost could be crucial.. Assigned to teach a class of unruly high schoolers, a devoted young woman soon comes to find common ground with the kids, who seek only acceptance. The 11 year old Jimmy Spencer is not interested in the kids of his neighborhood. Instead he is playing with his imaginary siblings in his room - day in and day out, giving them own names and voices. Only when he joins a theatre group, he starts to enjoy the interactions between him and other children. For the first thine his parents experience him as a happy child.  When Jimmys's mother, JIL, falls sick, his world is falling apart. Desperately he is looking for something that will help his mother. He finally has the idea to be part of a major motion picture as he believes that his mother will do everything it takes to get well and see him in his movie. With much enthusiasm he is following his plan, but his dream seems to fall thru as he is faced with new obstacles at every turn of his journey, until he meets a very special person. A prospector in the Gold Rush days of '49 strikes pay dirt after a long struggle. He stakes the claim and stays to guard it while his wife and ten-year-old son hurry off to the claim office to register it. Two scoundrels observe the action, and go in pursuit. Arriving after the wife and her son, they trick her into leaving the queue waiting for the agent to arrive. A woman who pretends to faint is the accomplice who leads the wife to a cabin. The scoundrels lock the wife in, but she ties her son to a rope and lowers him out the window to bring help. She is rescued and manages to register their claim in the last moment. When an IMF mission ends badly, the world is faced with dire consequences. As Ethan Hunt takes it upon himself to fulfill his original briefing, the CIA begin to question his loyalty and his motives. The IMF team find themselves in a race against time, hunted by assassins while trying to prevent a global catastrophe. After a group of biologists discovers a huge network of unexplored caves in Romania and, believing it to be an undisturbed eco-system that has produced a new species, they hire the best American team of underwater cave explorers in the world. While exploring deeper into the underwater caves, a rockslide blocks their exit, and they soon discover a larger carnivorous creature has added them to its food chain. An innocent discovery of a well-preserved mummified Emperor from 200 BC China unearths a 2000 year old nightmare - a secret that should have remained buried. The friends and amateur detectives Rico and Oskar experiencing their last adventure together. Here everything is really only one well, because now they live next door to. Ricos mother Tanya and Buhl are together, Oskar is with his father Lars pulled to Rico into the house. But dies as the grumpy Fitzke, the trouble begins. The stone Breeder inherited Rico his beloved stone-collection over which the boy also very pleased - but then he and his buddy note that Rico's favorite stone calf stone was stolen. The task now is to make the thieves apprehended. And because there are on the way to the Baltic Sea, Rico and Oskar must as soon as possible afterwards. Glad Tanja is flown by Buhl in the "snogging holiday" ... A young girl goes through the ups and downs of school-life. Examine the rise and fall of Hollywood media mogul Harvey Weinstein following the scandal in 2017. Learn from exclusive interviews with those who knew him in the industry, and a discussion of the start of the #MeToo movement. A macho toy arcade prize is quick to judge a young girl who wants to win him, and goes on a life changing journey in attempt to stop her from winning enough tickets and taking him home. To save the universe, and their friendship, Mordecai and Rigby must defeat an evil volleyball coach. A crew of wanna be outlaws bent on saving their friend's life retreat to a family cabin after a bank heist and soon discover that when it comes to crime, they should leave it to the professionals - the police. Stranded along a sublime river fjord in northern Portugal, a hunky ornithologist is subjected to a series of brutal and erotic Stations-of-the-Cross-style tests. A 2012 short-film, text by Theodore J. Kaczynski, made of scans of a document from an FBI Laboratory, about the danger of experiments with accelerated particles. Adam (10) meets Abulele, an ancient, huge, friendly and invisible monster. When a government Special Forces unit arrives to capture Abulele, Adam has to put his past behind, in order to save his friend, and learn when you really love someone, you're never alone. Drinking the tasty Folk Soda puts a spring in the 101 Year Old Man's step and his next adventure takes him around the World and back to Sweden, during which time he is chased by the CIA, a Balinese debt collector and becomes an executive at a soft drink company. After he's grounded by an injury, a high-flying bachelor is saddled with two wide-eyed orphans as they come face-to-face with the dangers and beauty of the outside world. Two star-crossed lovers must battle the forces which try to keep them apart at different timelines and at different world's.  In the distant future, mankind lives on Mars, in cities that resemble those once found on Earth, protected from the alien atmosphere by dome-like force-fields. When a massive sandstorm breaks through the dome and destroys Mars New York, those in Mars Los Angeles must figure out how to stop the storm before it wipes them out next. Madrid, summer 2011. Economic crisis. 15-M movement and 1.5 million pilgrims waiting for the Pope's arrival live side by side in a Madrid that's hotter and more chaotic than ever. In this context, detectives Velarde and Alfaro must find what seems to be a serial killer. Their against-the-clock hunt will make them realise something they'd never imagined: neither of them are so very different from the killer. One Direction: All The Way To The Top tells the story of the British Irish boy band formed on British talent TV show, the X Factor. Their debut album Up All Night topped charts worldwide and the band became the first British group to debut at number one on the US charts. From being five individual X Factor hopefuls, we see the band become our generation's answer to the Beatles. Including interviews with the band, music industry experts and fans from around the world, we take an intimate look inside the wold of One Direction and discover how they have become one of the biggest breakthrough band of our time. Three teens realize their science project is the key to finding their missing parents, in another world. Stony Paths is the story of a walk across Anatolia. Arnaud Khayadjanian starts a trek in Turkey, on the land of his forefathers who survived the Armenian Genocide. Starting from a painting, from encounters and from accounts by his relatives, he goes on exploring the little known issue of the Righteous, all these anonymous people who saved lives in 1915. On a dark night, the Japanese police is raided by a spy. Different countries' intelligence agencies--such as England's MI6, Germany's BDN, and America's CIA--as well as the FBI's secret files are going to be taken, but public safety officers lead by Tooru Amuro arrive just in time. The spy steals a car and escapes. The spy and Amuro are then locked in a dead heat on the highway, and just as it is about to cause an accident with multiple cars, the spy's car is hit by FBI agent Shuichi Akai's rifle bullet and falls of the roadway.  The next day, Conan and his friends go to a newly-remodeled aquarium in Tokyo. Under the main attraction, a Ferris wheel, Conan finds an attractive woman alone and injured. Her left and right eyes are different colors. A human girl and her warrior comrades from another world travel to Earth to save humanity from an impending apocalypse. Alone Together is a comedy featuring two young comics, Esther, a girl from the Midwest, and Benji, a brat from Beverly Hills, who find common ground in their troubled love lives and being generally intolerable. It's Ugly Betty meets Curb Your Enthusiasm. Set in the wake of unknown catastrophe which has resulted in an adult-free community being led by a cabal of former high school jocks.  After two members set out on a dangerous journey into the unknown to find family and hope for the future, Caleb and his vicious underling Gentry follow in hot pursuit. Antboy is challenged by the release of archenemy Loppen from prison, the new super villain, Alicia Dufort, and competition from an all new vigilante; the Hero Without a Name. No job is too absurd for Jakob: in a glitter suit with stick-on sideburns, he sings Elvis Presley songs for crooning old ladies - not exactly the musical Olympics, but he needs the money. Now Jakob has the job of transporting a valuable stud ram to Norway by car, because the ram doesn't like flying. Just before he sets off, Jakob's long-forgotten lover Julia calls and announces the arrival of her-their-12-year-old daughter May. The stubborn teenager has taken it into her head to visit the father she has never met. So May has to come along to Norway too. However, with an angrily bleating ram in the back and an arrogant 'goat' in the passenger seat, Jakob has much more than he can cope with. Two career driven women are hired to test out a unique treasure hunt deep in the New Mexico desert. Their exciting adventure takes a drastic turn as friendship is tested and survival is pushed to the limit, and before long they realize that not everything is as it seems. On a dark Christmas Eve in a small town, the lone Sheriffs on the night shift encounter a mysterious man who goes by the name of Mr. Nobody. As the night progresses, the Sheriffs discover that this isn't just a nobody, but a vengeful killer whose past threatens to haunt them all.  In Turkmen language, Atlan means "mount a horse and depart". Horse is the most important element in the life of Iranian Turkmen. That's why courses are some of the most significant social events in their land, Turkmen Sahara. Turkmen Sahara is a region in north eastern Iran and is homeland to Iranian Turkmen. Ali is a Turkman with his life, like many of his peers', intertwined with courses. Now his wedding depends on his success in courses. This documentary film is about Iranian horses. After the death of his wife and father, Kudret, who has always lived by the book, decides to go on a road trip to save a girl. A caribou tracker obsessed with finding a missing caribou herd befriends a teenage rebel who gets lost while on the run. In the wake of his dramatic escape from captivity, Jesse Pinkman must come to terms with his past in order to forge some kind of future. Three Spanish conquistadors, Captain Diego de Ordaz, Gonzalo and Pedro, march to the summit of the great volcano Popocatepetl. It is an arduous walk; they face the strength of nature and the fear of the unknown. Yet their biggest obstacle could be within them, as they doubt about the purpose of the conquest of the New World. Photographer Phil Toledano has become obsessed with his future. Using DNA tests, fortune tellers, and a prosthetic makeup artist, he begins photographing the many dark possibilities that might await him -- despite his wife's pleas to abandon the project. Over three years, Toledano's obsession alters him and his family forever. In order to save some kids who are about to die in a fire, Bibi, the daughter of a prestigious witch, manages to trigger a heavy rain with her powers. The head of all witches gives her an award called "Crystal Ball", reserved for older girls. German adventure film very much in line of Harry Potter, but in female version. Just as she is recovering from a breakdown, Anna's world is rocked when her younger sister gets engaged. She teams up with the alcoholic best man to break up the engagement, convinced they are trying to save her sister, his best friend, and themselves from a lifetime of misery. Humor, crime, action, drama, compassion and risk are the ingredients that this wonderful story uses to create a scenario that seems to be a dead-end and a worst nightmare, that will be resolved in the most surprising, unexpected and fun way. Taking Pepito from victim to supposed thug and from supposed thug to hero. Glendragon is in danger! When the King returns from faraway lands, he discovers that the Vikings have stolen a treasured crystal jewel from the dragon of Dragon Mountain. It is the King s mission to return the jewel and it s Mike s job to help him. The King, Mike and Evie form Team Family Glendragon and soon find themselves on an epic quest filled with dangerous obstacles from meddlesome gargoyles to giant dragons! Come along on an action-packed adventure the whole family will love! Scientists working at a government research facility use prehistoric DNA to resurrect a T-Rex who escapes from the lab to terrorize a nearby town. A thief expert with blowtorch is hired by a group of the Russian mob for a bank assault. In his 5th stand-up special, Paavam (Innocent) comedian Kenny Sebastian talks about moving cities, his parents and why he is a former nice guy. In the Old West, a 17-year-old Scottish boy teams up with a mysterious gunman to find the woman with whom he is infatuated. Immersed in the colorful and vibrant setting of Dharamsala (India), four individuals from very different backgrounds come together to face their deepest fears as they approach the transformational power of the Kalachakra initiation, led by the Dalai Lama. Through this film, we enter and discover an ancient yet unknown dimension where death meets life, a dimension that changes someone forever. Sofia leaves the city to a provincial town. There she meets Nico and the inhabitants of Casa Caracol, an alternative hostel in the middle of the jungle. Nodding party nights and brotherhood, Sofia falls in love with Nico and joins the "magical" village life. It was planned as a journey to one of the most beautiful and most fascinating islands in the world! It turns out as their most dangerous and toughest adventure ever! the professional Freeskiers Phil Meier, Matthias Haunholder and Matthias Mayr try to reach the Island Onekotan far out in stormy seas to ski the most unique Peak in the World. Laya (Che Ramos) is a young professional photographer who has drifted away from her family. Her father has fallen ill, but she hasn't once come to visit him at the hospital. Her mother, who left their family when Laya was a child, returns to urge Laya to make amends with her father, but Laya's pain goes deeper than her mother suspects. Laya is sent to the provinces to document a ritual of a disappearing indigenous tribe, and there, she inadvertently comes face to face with her own demons as she observes the relationships of the last remaining members of this dying culture. In an arid and poor region of Brazil, bikers search for a miracle to make it rain and save the land, risking their lives. Rabbit Max, a juvenile shoplifter, gets trapped in an old-fashioned school. With rabbit girl Emmy, he acquires Easter Rabbits' secret skills, battles a sneaky fox family and learns about friendship. When college-bound Emily Landis moves from the city to her Grandpa's country home, she is expected to take care of Lucky, her late Grandma's horse, and makes it her mission to show the light of Christ to her grieving Grandpa. Struggling, Emily is befriended by a local named Jake. When the two discover Emily's Grandma died searching for hidden treasure, the pair attempt to find the rare gold coin that has eluded treasure hunters for decades. A tale of love, adventure, and intrigue LUCKY'S TREASURE is a powerful reminder that things long lost might still be found today. Set 2 years after prior film "Bayside Shakedown 3: Set the Guys Loose," a major case occurs that has the potential to take down the entire police organization. For the next 3 days, Shunsaku Aoshima (Yuji Oda) and his colleagues struggle to unravel the case... A naive young paladin with a prophesy, a drunken wizard, a barbarian, and a greedy rogue team up with a hesitant druid and a ranger to defeat an evil necromancer and a lich. Eleven-year-old outsider Stephan arrives at Castle Schreckenstein, an all-boys boarding school, where he learns about life within a community and soon finds himself being part of a funny 'pranks-competition' the boys are currently fighting against the neighboring girls of Castle Rosenfels. When the girls have no choice but to move to Schreckenstein after a failed prank, life at school is suddenly nothing like it used to be... The Imperial Empire is attacked by an Alliance of rebels led by fanatical mystics. The ruler, Empress Nobu, the 8th generation of her family, wants to execute a bold plan to rescue a cyborg, Leah C6, trapped on the battle ravaged planet Endor. The Empress believes Leah C6 holds the secret to destroying the Alliance of Rebels before their insurgency can kill millions of citizens of the Empire. She recruits her heroic fleet commander, Lord General Luka Raan and asks him to gather a team from the Empire's elite soldiers, the Galactic Rangers. Raan assembles the team in the ruins of Endor which was attacked by depraved Rebels and outlaws led by, Kindo-Ker, a fanatical mystic in Dark Energy. The Galactic Rangers begin a desperate search to find and rescue Leah C6 before the Alliance Rebels can. Two women use seduction to steal from straying men. But when they discover one of their victims hiding millions in diamonds, the score of their lives becomes a run for their lives. In the year 2961, the time is after humanity and nature has recovered the land. A hunter named Cygnus is called to rise above his duty. He provides for Last Arc, a once nomadic band of survivors in need of food and water that is now growing scarce. The answer must be found before a group of outlandish Heretics descend upon them. Cygnus must voyage across the treacherous landscape to defend his people. Sent by Nova, the matriarch of the band, she acts based on her vision for Cygnus to find a seed of hope. The future of Last Arc is for him to discover, Cygnus ventures into a hostile landscape in search of an answer for his people. On this journey of encountering many traps and dangers, Cygnus discovers what has been hunting him is his identity. In 1925 Korea, Japanese rulers demand the last remaining tiger be killed. The tiger easily defeats his pursuers until a legendary hunter takes him on. At an electronic music festival, Berlin-based journalist Georg and his girlfriend Vera meet Dave Zuma, a DJ who loves to enjoy life to the fullest. As soon as the unusual trio enters Dave's old hippie campervan the journey of their lifetime begins. Their bumpy ride takes them from one festival to the next, across the Balkan states heading south. A complex love triangle full of tension and affection, conflict and closeness, love and hate develops in the rush of trance festivals. In the end each of them reaches what they had always hoped for. Robot mercenaries are sent on a mission to activate a machine that will bring about a new age of enlightenment. A Hindu doctor with dementia and a Muslim auto rickshaw driver form an unlikely friendship as they cross India in search of the doctor's childhood home. A group of friends go to Hawaii during the height of surfing season, to compete with other surf bums and find girlfriends along the way. Set in war-torn 800AD Scotland, The Gaelic King tells the story of warrior-king Alpin mac Eachdach. When his young brother is captured, Alpin must hunt the kidnappers though a dark forest that hides an ancient evil. War correspondent Ernie Pyle joins Company C, 18th Infantry as this American army unit fights its way across North Africa in World War II. He comes to know the soldiers and finds much human interest material for his readers back in the States. Mowgli's on a mission to prove he's a real howling, prowling wolf. But a jealous cub and his creature co-horts will stop at nothing to keep him out of the pack! Cassidy Red is a western romance set against the backdrop of the 19th century American southwest. The film follows the headstrong daughter of a prostitute who returns to her hometown, seeking vengeance against the corrupt lawman she believes murdered her lover. A Stefan Kristinkov film Henri "Papillon" Charriere, a safecracker from the Parisian underworld, is wrongfully convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment in the penal colony of French Guiana, where he forges a strong friendship with Louis Dega, a counterfeiter who needs his protection. Just when his time under house arrest is about to end, Scott Lang once again puts his freedom at risk to help Hope van Dyne and Dr. Hank Pym dive into the quantum realm and try to accomplish, against time and any chance of success, a very dangerous rescue mission. Set in a near-future, militarized world marked by closed borders, virtual labor and a global digital network that joins minds and experiences, three strangers risk their lives to connect with each other and break the barriers of technology. A young car enthusiast who has issues with parents and surroundings decides to create his own vehicle and run away with friends from his everyday problems. In the future, an outbreak of canine flu leads the mayor of a Japanese city to banish all dogs to an island that's a garbage dump. The outcasts must soon embark on an epic journey when a 12-year-old boy arrives on the island to find his beloved pet.  Philipose, a nature enthusiast, along with his friends, try to save a tribal village from businessmen, who plan to convert it to an industrial area. An elephant follows the Pink Panther home from the zoo. Peter Rabbit's feud with Mr. McGregor escalates to greater heights than ever before as they rival for the affections of the warm-hearted animal lover who lives next door. The epic journey of two friends, ex-soldiers, who battle the moral injuries of war, and the temptation to escape through suicide, as they walk across America. The never-before-told story of the Brotherhood of Eternal Love - a spiritual group of surfers and hippies in Southern California that became the largest suppliers of psychedelic drugs in the world during the 1960s and early 1970s. Bonded by their dreams to fight social injustice and spread peace, this unlikely band of free-spirited idealists quickly transformed into a drug-smuggling empire and at the same time inadvertently invented the modern illegal drug trade. At the head of the Brotherhood, and the heart of this story, is the anti-capitalistic husband and wife team, who made it their mission to change the world through LSD. Papa Jah, a Haitian gardener, has spent the last forty years in the Bahamas, living in a marginalised community named the Mud. When news arrives that his 103-year-old father has taken ill back in Haiti, Papa Jah fears he may not see him before he passes. Papa Jah travels back to Haiti, to his family's small village on the island La Tortue, to reunite with his father, hopefully before it is too late. It's Not A Race is a 'cinema verite' buddy road movie that chronicles two friends participating in a cross country scooter ride (think Vespas). Shot on the road, as it happened, from Vancouver to Maine during the 10 day 3,487 mile Scooter Cannonball Run. Grey Gardens meets Easy Rider. On scooters. This is the third time that Vik and his family have moved to a different city. Vik is a shy child who finds it hard to make new friends, and whenever he finally does start to open up to someone, his father's job inevitably causes the family to up sticks and relocate to a different part of the country, and Vik has to start all over again. Luckily for him, this time he soon meets Mai and Oto in the city park. Greek Amazon Obhijaan will see daredevil adventurer Shankar Choudhury traverse the length and breadth of South America, including the legendary Amazon in search of the mythical city of gold. YouTube personalities Joe Sugg and Caspar Lee go on a road trip driving all around Europ Colonel Maurice Taylor of the Royal Flying Corps is hopelessly injured in an airplane crash immediately following his marriage to Stella. Maurice is non-functional in most of the physical areas of marriage that count, but Stella attends to his other needs faithfully for three years. Then his brother, Colin, shows up from South America, and he and Stella fall passionately in love and are making plans to run away together. Mother Taylor is aware of the romance, as is Nurse Weyland, who is secretly in love with Maurice, and now hates Stella for her careless attitude toward Maurice's patiently-borne sufferings. Maurice is also aware of the affair. He has a talk with his wife and brother. Complications arise. Three Magi Priests from different regions of the world journey through the unforgiving desert in hopes of finding proof of an age old prophecy. But Kings of men and fallen angels will stop at nothing to destroy the Magi and the baby boy they hold dear. These evils force the Magi to confront and make peace with old demons in order to prepare for the arrival of the new born King. To this very day kids believe stories of the Wild Soccer Bunch are the best in the whole world and that's why Leo, Elias, Finn, Joshua, Oskar and Matze, replay their heroes' legendary games every spare minute. One day a darkly dressed young man hands them a mysterious map that leads the boys into unknown territory. Here they realise they're in the middle of the Wild Bunch country and that they have been chosen to be the successors of the real, now grown-up Wild Soccer Bunch. Are they wild enough to succeed? Captures an intimate's struggle for the right to love. Following a Ugandan transgender girl, forced to leave her country. In a small North Texas town live Karen and her two boys Mason and Henry. Nightmares and a visiting stranger threatens Karen's bond with her children. She must learn to accept her fears and fight for the survival of her family, or give up and surrender to a life without her children. After graduating from college, getting dumped by his girlfriend, and witnessing a robbery, a young man is forced to go on an all night adventure with a mysterious woman and her band of misfits. See The Light: Live From London captures The Jeff Healey Band in their natural element: onstage. Guitar Magazine has said that witnessing Jeff live is an experience few will ever forget. The more than 80 minutes of footage contains live versions of songs from See The Light plus outstanding interpretations of Roadhouse Blues and All Along The Watchtower.  The live performance was recorded April 14, 1989. The Ballad of Oppenheimer Park is a film that celebrates the everyday life of a group of Indigenous people, exiles from Canadian reserves, who, over a fleeting summer, hang out in a contested park in Vancouver. Through direct participation in the filmmaking process, the day to day becomes a ceremonial space in the ongoing confrontation against law and order. Silver-tongued  Jimmy  Skinford  is  on  the  run  with  the  only  person  he  can  trust,  Zo-phia,  a  woman  hunted  by  every  underworld  crook  in  town  for  her  coveted  curse  of  immortality.  To  stop  the  relentless  onslaught  of  violence  and  get  their  lives  back  they  must  search  through  Zophia's  past  to  fnd  a  cure.  But  what  future  can  you  have  when  your  survival  depends  on  losing  the  one  thing  keeping  you  alive? A criminal psychologist and a forensic expert works together to track down a serial killer who targets people who have been acquitted of notable crimes and uses their guilt as his modus operandi. A film on exile, revolution, landscapes and memory, Anabasis brings forth the remarkable parallel stories of Adachi and May, one a filmmaker who gave up images, the other a young woman whose identity-less existence forbade keeping images of her own life. Fittingly returning the image to their lives, director Eric Baudelaire places Adachi and May's revelatory voiceover reminiscences against warm, fragile Super-8mm footage of their split milieus, Tokyo and Beirut. Grounding their wide-ranging reflections in a solid yet complex reality, Anabasis provides a richly rewarding look at a fascinating, now nearly forgotten era (in politics and cinema), reminding us of film's own ability to portray--and influence--its landscape. After a clerical insemination error, an acquiescent woman must choose between her conservative husband and a child that has eluded her. Beth Harris is getting married. The only problem is, she already has a husband; pro-surfer,Sonny Baker. Getting a divorce gets a lot more complicated as they reconnect on Newport Beach. The director paints a car with the Canadian flag and embarks on a road trip through America in search of the meaning of the so-called American Dream, ultimately searching out Hunter S. Thompson to hear his wisdom. When a young man gets seduced into helping with the removal of a dead body, he must find out the truth behind the corpse before he loses his life or gains a fortune. It's a madcap comic heist film with a lot of heart. An eccentric millionaire becomes obsessed with the idea of constructing a new Noah's Ark. He hires a hunter to kidnap untoward numbers of animals to make this happen. The group of animals amid their valiant attempt to escape from the hunter's clutches, foil his nefarious plans, and free their captured friends. The true story of airman Douglas Bader who overcame the loss of both legs in a 1931 flying accident to become a successful fighter pilot and wing leader during World War II. Having fallen in love eight years ago, a young couple finds their engagement on the rocks. As they desperately cling to the foundations of their relationship, one man knows exactly how to start the fire to burn it down. A man and woman are drawn together, entangled in the lifecycle of an ageless organism. Identity becomes an illusion as they struggle to assemble the loose fragments of wrecked lives. Postwar Germany, 1945. Leopold Kessler, an American of German descent, works as a sleeping car conductor for the Zentropa railway line. When he meets Katharina Hartmann, the railroad owner's daughter, and they fall in love, his life intersects with the dark and violent path of a mysterious organization opposed to the United States army military occupation. Carlos is a man doomed by restless memories, that meets with himself, in a time warp. Young Carlos faces the forgetfulness of old Carlos, who doesn't recognize his own appearance. They get a package. But the package seems odd. The knot that ties, the smell, the handwriting on the envelope: this could only be sent by his father, Ernesto, who has been dead for many years. A father who always created unusual situations. In this time warp, Carlos is split in two: one Carlos remembers and the other forgets the moments he spent with his father. A look at the friendship between two guys that spans over many years. A spoiled Hollywood actress struggles back to civilization after the crash of her private jet botches a kidnap attempt, leaving her stranded in the jungle with her irritating assistant and her inept hijacker pilot. Kenny Wells, a modern-day prospector, hustler, and dreamer, is desperate for a lucky break. Left with few options, Wells teams up with an equally luckless geologist to execute a grandiose, last-ditch effort: to find gold deep in the uncharted jungle of Indonesia. Emilia, who suffers from a terminal illness, embarks on a journey with her best friend Violeta. On their way they meet Mark, who claims to be an alien on a mission to destroy the planet for considering humanity (and love) a virus. However, Mark begins to doubt his mission falling in love with Emilia.  While skis are made for mountains, a few only find them useful in cities. These "street skiers" dedicate their lives to pushing the limits of what is possible on skis in urban environments. Jumping off four story buildings, flying into 50 ft high dams, flipping over staircases; these are some of the most daring athletes in the world. This bizarre sport seems like all fun and games, but then horrific injuries, relentless illegal behavior, and their "at all costs" mentality shows that, to them, this is much more. This film takes you behind the scenes into the lives of these passionate individuals to find out why they think it is all worth it. Arguably the most influential creator, writer, and producer in the history of television, Norman Lear brought primetime into step with the times. Using comedy and indelible characters, his legendary 1970s shows such as All In the Family, Maude, Good Times, and The Jeffersons, boldly cracked open dialogue and shifted the national consciousness, injecting enlightened humanism into sociopolitical debates on race, class, creed, and feminism. Canadian artists break into the American comics industry. A story about an armored train number 56 and his actions during WWII. The Dead End Oddsockeaters are small invisible creatures, responsible for socks that go missing when we only have one left from a pair. But unlike them, Seed's gang wants to have a pair. In the end, they began their fight between two sets of values. Alex is a charming adventurer who substitutes for a contestant shaman who dropped out at the shooting of a high-rated television show, popular among psychics. He repeats a prophecy on the air that he overheard backstage. He foretells that someone in the audience is doomed to everlasting solitude and that her nearest and dearest will turn their backs on her. Alex has no idea that what's been going on is no coincidence: he has become involved in a long-standing rivalry between two powerful wizards. These psychics have drawn him into a dangerous, mystical game with no rules. Strange events start to take place in the life of Tanya, the girl Alex "cursed" at the show. Alex tries to assure her there is no "curse" at all, and slowly falls in love with her. Still more signs manifest showing the prophecy is true, and it begins to threaten Tanya's life. To save himself and Tanya, Alex is forced to find a way out of this mystical mess.  The world has been devastated by the virus that has reanimated the dead to consume the living. Australia has so far remained unscathed through a brutal border protection policy and internment facilities. Derek Jones and the High Risk Response Unit restore order to the internment facilities when law and order breaks down. When the arrival of a mysterious girl collides with the uprising at the Briar's Hill Detention Centre, will Australia, the last hope for many, finally fall? Immerse yourself in the true sense of the word into life, in true 3D. Water or abbreviated H2O, is actually a chemical compound of the elements oxygen and hydrogen. But this has really something! Water is in fact the most important element on our earth. Without water, the emergence of life on our planet would have been impossible. Sometime before several tens of millions of years it took the first great-fish out of the water to the land of the beginning he evolution. Just a few facts about the importance of this elixir of life: The element of water is in the mythologies and religions of most cultures of central importance and is considered the epitome of life. Four close friends descend into the depths of a cave, looking for a lost treasure, ignoring that this will wake the fury of the Guardian the devourer, who will eat their souls until they destroy each other. Beautifully filmed by New Zealand nature photographer Richard Sidey over the past decade around the polar regions, Speechless: The Polar Realm is a visual meditation of light, life, loss and wonder at the ends of the globe. When pro kayaker Rafa Ortiz makes the decision to paddle over Niagara Falls, he sets in motion an incredible series of events that eventually takes on a life of its own. To prepare for this mission, Rafa enlists the help of world-renowned paddler Rush Sturges and a tight team of their friends. Together they go on a remarkable three-year journey from the rainforest rivers of Mexico to the towering waterfalls of the U.S. Northwest. Their journey concludes in Canada where the team plays a cat-and-mouse game with local police before Rafa's mission comes to a heart-stopping climax at the iconic Falls. An American journalism student in London scoops a big story, and begins an affair with an aristocrat as the incident unfurls. When an alien fugitive crash lands into a local puppy farm and begins turning people into machines that feed on puppy flesh, Dylan and her BFF Eddie have to decide whether or not to take on the SheBorg menace, and save the world. Years after her son's suicide, a woman longs to confront both the past and a friend of his who took his business idea. In this Super-8 stop-motion feature filmed by a teenager between 1987 and 1989, a young hero must go on an epic quest to rescue his master. The Space Squad returns in the sequel to the original Space People. When Captain Vek Tempus is framed for an assassination attempt on the galactic president, he's forced to go on the run and return to the planet Earth. As he and his crew attempt to clear his name, they come into contact with enemies both old and new-but-strangely-familiar. The DigiDestined inaugurate their newest members, Meiko Mochizuki and Meicoomon, with a trip to a nearby hot spring. Meanwhile, Joe is becoming more distant, struggling to balance his duty as a DigiDestined and the competitive world of academics. As the damage caused by Alphamon is slowly repaired, another infected Digimon, Ogremon, suddenly appears, and although they only have good intentions, the decisions the DigiDestined make now will have unforeseen consequences. Vampire sisters Silvania and Daka try to rescue their baby brother, a half-vampire, from the clutches of the evil vampire queen Antanasia, who wants to crown him as her heir. Dracula, Mavis, Johnny and the rest of the Drac Pack take a vacation on a luxury Monster Cruise Ship, where Dracula falls in love with the ship's captain, Ericka, who's secretly a descendant of Abraham Van Helsing, the notorious monster slayer. Jack London's classic adventure story about the friendship developed between a Yukon gold hunter and the mixed dog-wolf he rescues from the hands of a man who mistreats him. Ten-year-old Toda lives in a bakery with her dad and knows everything there is to know about cakes and pastries. Then, one day, her life is turned upside down: her dad is called away unexpectedly to defend his country. In order to stay safe, Toda has to undertake an adventurous and challenging journey to the neighbouring country where her mother lives. On the way she encounters challenging situations, meets interesting people and finds a special new friend. But will she eventually find her mother? Iconic snowboarder Travis Rice and friends embark on a multi-year mission to follow the North Pacific Gyre's flow. As Rice and the crew experience the highs and lows of a journey unlike any previously attempted, cutting-edge cinematography captures some of the world's most remote environments bringing breathtaking scenery and thrilling action to viewers worldwide. When Day, a sunny fellow, encounters Night, a stranger of distinctly darker moods, sparks fly! Day and Night are frightened and suspicious of each other at first, and quickly get off on the wrong foot. But as they discover each other's unique qualities--and come to realize that each of them offers a different window onto the same world-the friendship helps both to gain a new perspective. For high schooler Kei--and for at least forty-six others--immortality comes as the nastiest surprise ever.  Sadly for Kei, such a feat doesn't make him a superhero. In the eyes of both the general public and governments, he's a rare specimen who needs to be hunted down and handed over to scientists to be experimented on for life--a demi-human who must die a thousand deaths for the benefit of humanity. For high schooler Kei--and for at least forty-six others--immortality comes as the nastiest surprise ever.  Sadly for Kei, such a feat doesn't make him a superhero. In the eyes of both the general public and governments, he's a rare specimen who needs to be hunted down and handed over to scientists to be experimented on for life--a demi-human who must die a thousand deaths for the benefit of humanity. For high schooler Kei--and for at least forty-six others--immortality comes as the nastiest surprise ever.  Sadly for Kei, such a feat doesn't make him a superhero. In the eyes of both the general public and governments, he's a rare specimen who needs to be hunted down and handed over to scientists to be experimented on for life--a demi-human who must die a thousand deaths for the benefit of humanity.  Jatt is a reluctant super hero that fights crime and protects people. He meets his match in the evil Raka who he must face off to save the day. A solar eclipse activates a magic time portal, and a regular schoolboy Vit'ko from the 21st century goes a thousand years back in time. It doesn't take Vitya long to recognize the legendary bogatyrs in young Oleshko, powerful Ilya and severe Dobrynya. Their life passes in fighting cumans who try to destroy Rusichi at any cost, using both weapons and black magic. Vitya finds himself in the very midst of incredible events, battles with mythical creatures and acquires real courage. When two lovers embark on an adventurous journey through Lithuania, an unexpected crisis puts their relationship to the test. A desperate father tries to return home to his pregnant wife after a mysterious apocalyptic event turns everything to chaos. Rattled by sudden unemployment, a Manhattan couple surveys alternative living options, ultimately deciding to experiment with living on a rural commune where free love rules. The Straw Hat Pirates are taking on Gild Tesoro, one of the richest men in the world. In a quiet place, two couples engage in a ritualistic search for enlightenment. Riggs, a down-on-his-luck screenwriter, struggles to finish a script. But failed suicide attempts, unstable friends, drug deals, and memories of his ex-girlfriend interfere. After 15 years of living as computer data, Ultraman has finally found a suitable human being, Daichi Oozora, to use the XDevizer and regain his Ultra warrior form -- thus becoming Ultraman X, ally of the monster-fighting science patrol XIO. X quickly finds his hands full, though, when a greedy treasure hunter accidently breaks an ancient seal of the Baradhi ruins, unleashing the imprisoned monster Zaigorg.  A bourgeois office drone whose raison d'etat is the music of French rocker Johnny Hallyday awakens one day in an alternate universe where the famed musician never recorded a single song. When he's not at the office dutifully plugging-away, Fabrice lives a deadly dull life. When the 1989 "one-hit-wonder" glam-metal band "Sonic Grave" embark on a trip to Coachella in hopes of a comeback, their peyote trip pit stop in Joshua Tree incites an "unworldly" viscous attack, and they must "rock" themselves out of harms way. Hundreds of years after humans have settled on Mars, Regulator Rogul and Lord Jens Maul, lead a force of Martians to Earth in order to conquer the planet. Queen Metaphor looks to the gay heroes aboard the spaceship Surprise -- Captain Kork, Mr. Spuck, and first engineer Schrotty During a break on a rooftop, Teco, a young baker, notices the intriguing fall of a strange bird. He decides to venture to the next roof to have a closer look. This is only the beginning of a most unbelievable journey on the labyrinthine rooftops of Roma. Nobody knows about them but they exist! The professionals from "Dreams Corporation" will provide you with any dream you can imagine. Delivery is provided as well. But isn't this experiment too dangerous? A little girl encounters Indigenous mythological nightmares while lost in the Australian bush. In midst of an existential threat to the indigenous Assyrians by ISIS, the filmmaker travels back to his ancestral homeland, Syria, on a journey of nostalgia and discovery. The gold medal for the men's 10,000-meter race in the 1996 Atlanta Olympics is won by Ethiopian Haile Gebrselassie. Tang Monk brings three disciples on a journey to the West. On the outside, everything seems harmonious. However, tension is present beneath the surface, and their hearts and minds are not in agreement. After a series of demon-capturing events, the monk and his disciples gain mutual understanding of each others' hardships and unease. Finally, they resolve their inner conflict and work together to become an all-conquering, demon-exorcising team. Lupin investigates the kidnapping of a former love in Italy, and is drawn into a game with an unknown enemy. It`s a story about mystery planet we can`t see. This planet is very similar to our home - Earth. But the people who live there are not like us at all. Two astronauts from Earth accidentally found this strange planet and fall into the death trap. It's the story of a young couple struggling with challenges of life. Both are aggressive and follow their own thoughts which affect their relationship. Their reunion becomes complicated gradually. Raymond's 5 is a story following a middle-aged man, "Raymond" who has been told he has just 30 more days to live. Raymond goes on a journey around the country visiting the 5 people he feels he has done the most wrong by in his life. Kevin McCallister's parents have split up. Now living with his mom, he decides to spend Christmas with his dad at the mansion of his father's rich girlfriend, Natalie. Meanwhile robber Marv Merchants, one of the villains from the first two movies, partners up with a new criminal named Vera to hit Natalie's mansion. The lovably simple residents of peaceful Kikoriki Island are thrown kicking and screaming into big adventure, when their resident scientist invents an amazing device - a helmet called "the Improverizor," which takes personality traits from one person and swaps them with traits of someone else. But when spineless young Wally tries to use the untested device to cure his cowardice, he ends up even more spineless - by getting accidentally body-switched with a squirmy little caterpillar. Now he has even more to fear than he could have ever imagined, and so do his fellow villagers, as they're dragged into a madcap adventure packed with plane crashes, mistaken identities, erupting volcanoes and angry primitives on the warpath. Boy, do the Kikoriki Crew wish they could switch place now - with anyone. A crack-pot scientist aligns with the Axis of Evil to bring down the United States with EMP blasts, toxic zombification gas and by unleashing the ultimate undead killing monstrosity: the Z-REX. When a hot-wired militia squad and a crew of college hipsters are thrown together to do something about it, chaotic Predator-Thunder action runs amok. A chronicle of Errol Flynn's pre-Hollywood sea adventures up the east coast of Australia. His crew includes his best friend Rex, a wild and visceral young man, the Dook, a proper young gent from Cambridge, and Charlie, the ageing and depressed previous owner of the boat. Flynn and company encounter beautiful virgins, underground boxing clubs, police raids, bar brawls, cannibals and man-eating sharks, while being forced to smuggle opium to survive. Approach to the life and achievements of George Bonsor, pioneer of Archaeology who settled in Andalusia, South Spain, in early 20th century and played a key role in the development of such a new and fashionable science. When Jimmy finds a mysterious package in the trunk of his latest boost, he is thrust into a violent underworld of criminals, and a race against the clock to save a little girl's life. Ostwind and Mika have found a real home at the farm Kaltenbach with Mika's grandmother. In the hustle of running therapy center and due to Mika's fame as a horse-whisperer, she feels that she doesn't have enough freedom and time to ride. After a serious disagreement with her grandmother, Mika secretly sets off for the night in eastern Andalusia, Spain, where she suspects Ostwind's roots are. A girl tragically consumes a full vial of LSD and quickly succumbs to a bizarre fantasy world, with strange beings and a magical obelisk that might be her portal home. The true story of the most decorated dog in American military history -- Sgt. Stubby -- and the enduring bonds he forged with his brothers-in-arms in the trenches of World War I. Albert Collins - In Concert: Ohne Filter movie was released on March 13, 2007. The man they call the Master of the Telecaster, or the Iceman, was already one of the biggest US Blues stars of the sixties. On stage, the Texan delighted his audiences with his famed guitar walks and his funky, jangly guitar sounds. In this 1985 concert, the master welcomes a very special guest: Southside Johnny. This is a truly legendary Blues meeting. Pat Pemberton (Hepburn) is a brilliant athlete, except when her domineering fiance is around. The ladies golf championship is in her reach until she gets flustered by his presence at the final holes. He wants them to get married and forget the whole thing, but she cannot give up on herself that easily. She enlists the help of Mike Conovan (Tracy), a slightly shady sports promoter. Together they face mobsters, a jealous boxer (Aldo Ray), and a growing mutual attraction. Documentary When the nine year old Isra goes on a school trip, she winds up in a magical library. There, she finds out that a young boy is held captive in one of the books. In an attempt to save the boy, she starts an adventurous journey into a magical world. As the Lich King's zombie legions ravage the world, a cursed young sorceress (Marek) embarks on a quest to obtain a weapon from the gods, with her friend Dagen, a self-serving half-elf rogue. But when she joins her sworn enemy in a desperate attempt to save the world, she must recover the good in herself before her friends are all dead, and defeat the Lich King before the gods are destroyed and the world forever enslaved. Set after the events of Continental Drift, Scrat's epic pursuit of his elusive acorn catapults him outside of Earth, where he accidentally sets off a series of cosmic events that transform and threaten the planet. To save themselves from peril, Manny, Sid, Diego, and the rest of the herd leave their home and embark on a quest full of thrills and spills, highs and lows, laughter and adventure while traveling to exotic new lands and encountering a host of colorful new characters. Elvira goes to summer camp and is scared to death of not making any friends. Mysterious things also start to happen, things that can't be explained... unless you believe in ghosts. "My first film, THE PATH, was based on a dream about a group of people on an 'outing' or a picnic. The people in the dream meet and greet one another and then walk around and through old houses, barns, and buildings. Inside these structures they pass by other people involved in various activities. A woman is folding clothes. A man is making paintings. A young girl is sitting in front of a mirror trying on different necklaces." - Richard Myers Charley Thompson, a teenager living with his single father, gets a summer job working for horse trainer Del Montgomery. Bonding with an aging racehorse named Lean on Pete, Charley is horrified to learn he is bound for slaughter, and so he steals the horse, and the duo embark on an odyssey across the new American frontier. When a strange virus quickly spreads through a safari park and turns all the zoo animals undead, those left in the park must stop the creatures before they escape and zombify the whole city. A series of crimes against redheads scares the people from a little town. After the death of his brother, the 13 year old Alberto decides to investigate what is happening and is helped by the experienced but forgetful Inspector Pimentel. After twenty years in prison, Foley is finished with the grifter's life. When he meets an elusive young woman named Iris, the possibility of a new start looks real. But his past is proving to be a stubborn companion. A bubbly Indian girl Aalia in trouble is forced by circumstances to place her faith in a Pakistani cab driver, Vicky, in Mauritius, who then takes it upon himself to make Aalia's safe return to India possible. Mauritius. Champion gamer Jan has to fight for his digital identity, winning back his real life as well. A family rents their home to unsuspecting tourists to satiate the monster that lives in its very walls. Time Raiders is based on the online novel series Daomu Biji written by Xu Lei.  It tells the story of explorers searching for the secrets of immortality in ancient tombs The film tells the story of eight strangers who find life turned upside down when a demonic virus from hell transforms those at a local Tea Party rally into zombies. It's Night of the Living Dead-meets-Evil Dead as the survivors band together to fend off the approaching End Times. In 1987, during the austere days of Thatcher's Britain, a teenager learns to live life, understand his family, and find his own voice through the music of Bruce Springsteen. A fast paced buddy comedy/fantasy about two nerds, their special mateship and their love for Star Wars. The short documentary 'The Odd Couple: A Story of Two Triathletes' is an inspirational tale of two triathletes, each with their own set of challenges. Jeff is a below the leg amputee and is a mentor to Parvin, who thinks that adhering to the appearance of his Sikh faith is inherently disadvantageous and holds him from competing as a triathlete. Ironically both chose their challenges - Jeff is an amputee by choice and Parvin is Sikh by choice. The movie is an attempt to bring to light Jeff and Parvin's inspiring friendship and their positive attitude to achieve their dream of being a triathlete despite their daily struggles. The film transcends cultural and demographic barriers and has a universal appeal in how we all can overcome our own challenges. Thieves attempt a massive heist against the U.S. Treasury as a Category 5 hurricane approaches one of its Mint facilities. A young American girl has a chance of a lifetime to visit her ancestors castle in the south of France, only to find that her family is hiding deep, dark secrets about their nefarious past, far away from prying eyes. When yet another anniversary passes without a marriage proposal from her boyfriend, Anna decides to take action. Aware of a Celtic tradition that allows women to pop the question on Feb. 29, she plans to follow her lover to Dublin and ask him to marry her. Fate has other plans, however, and Anna winds up on the other side of the Emerald Isle with handsome, but surly, Declan -- an Irishman who may just lead Anna down the road to true love. When a young man crashes the wrong wedding, the bride seizes the opportunity to make a run for it and together they attempt to evade her overbearing grandfather. The story of Ajatashatru Oghash Rathod, a fakir who tricks his local village in Rajasthan, India into believing his possesses special powers and into paying him to fly to Paris to buy a bed of nails from an Ikea store. Richard Massingham gives a comic demonstration of how to cross the road. Alvarito a blind marathon runner and the intellectual Dr. Villafane are lost in the vast and desolate pampas. One, seeking to reach his goal, the other trying to find the present, but both longing to find themselves. A city teen travels to Montana to go hunting with his estranged father, only for the strained trip to become a battle for survival when they encounter a grizzly bear Detective Hazel Micallef hasn't had much to worry about in the sleepy town of Port Dundas until a string of gruesome murders in the surrounding countryside brings her face to face with a serial killer driven by a higher calling. In the mythical Elven world of Altera, an epic battle unfolds between the beautiful Princess Liya and the Dark Elf Elena, who has gained possession of a jewel so powerful it allows its holder complete authority over all Alterans. Quebec, 1956. The impulsive and headstrong Nelly Maloye, a novice private eye, joins the methodical and pragmatic Simon Picard, a research scientist in a dubious quest to prove the existence of the elusive Yeti. The brave-hearted heroes come face-to-face with countless dangers during their trek through the heart of the Himalayas. BOY MEETS GIRL is a funny, tender, sex positive romantic comedy that explores what it means to be a real man or woman, and how important it is to live a courageous life not letting fear stand in the way of going after your dreams. Through deserted Scandinavian landscapes, a robot monk follows a little red man. Only when they find a wounded teddy bear do they have a common goal. A legendary and friendly creature named Nessie lives happily in a small pond with her friend MacQuack, a rubber duck. When a rich developer takes the pond and land surrounding it to build a miniature golf course, Nessie is forced to search for a new home. The extraordinary story of MMA/UFC super star Ronda Rousey. Nineteen-year-old Viorel lives with his mother in a remote Moldovan town. He has no great ambitions nor any illusions about life. He and his pal Goos earn a little cash through illegal activities, and Viorel is helping him fulfill his dream of flying. His mother tries to convince him to find a decent job. Eventually, Viorel begins taking control of his life. The script is composed of three stories set in three different time periods and three different locations. One story takes place during an ascent of the Himalayas, another on a crossing of the Atlantic Ocean, while the third happens on an ocean-going fishing trip. The motivation/objective in every story is a quest, and hiding underneath under every motivation is the deepest level of human nature. When a team of unlikely heroes hijacks a steam-powered battle wagon, a daring young wizard (Marek) steals the final piece of the all-powerful Darkspore and embarks on a desperate quest to deliver the cursed artifact to the gods for safe keeping; but when they are caught in a death race between a ruthless team of elite mercenaries and a trinity of demons, Marek must learn to believe in herself before her friends are killed and the Darkspore is lost, to stop the evil necromancer (Szorlok) from uniting the Darkspore and flooding the living world with his legions of undead. A horror film festival, held in a theater which was once the scene of a tragic fire, turns into a real life horror show. College students risk it all to expose a clandestine military project to weaponize love. Inspired by true events, a man recounts the summer of '94, when he and his brother plotted revenge against their abusive father. Wisecracking mercenary Deadpool battles the evil and powerful Cable and other bad guys to save a boy's life. Meicoomon vanishes into the distorted abyss. Shaken, Taichi and the others search for answers about Meicoomon's infection. Koshiro seeks answers from Meiko but she's lost all emotion. Koshiro quarantines Agumon and the other Digimon in the office so that the infection can't spread any further, but Patamon starts to show signs of the illness. Agumon and the others use Hikari's voice to tell the team about an important secret concerning the Digital World. Following Meicoomon's rampage and the Reboot, Taichi and the others leave behind a distressed Meiko and head to the Digital World. But the partner Digimon that they've reunited with have lost their memories. While Sora normally thinks of others even before herself, she now has distrust in her heart. A tearful Meicoomon appears and disappears again. For some reason, she has retained past memories, and is searching for Meiko. Upon seeing Meicoomon, the kids resolve to journey through the Digital World to save her, but a man with the Dark Masters at his command stands in their way. Meanwhile, in the real world, Nishijima receives a notice that Himekawa has disappeared. When he investigates, he learns that she has had a hidden goal behind all her actions thus far. The countdown begins to the destruction of the real world at the hands of the out-of-control Meicoomon. A young peasant is forced to flee for killing involuntarily an abusive guard. After an entire year hiding in a remote fishing island, he decides to return to his countryside and reunite with his wife and daughters. The world has begun to collapse. The rampaging Meicoomon absorbs Tailmon, who underwent a dark evolution, and changes form into the immensely powerful Ordinemon. In accordance with Yggdrasil's expectation, the real world is about to be engulfed by the Digital World. Meanwhile, Homeostasis considers Ordinemon to be out of control and  puts into motion its final plan that will entangle the real world. Then the time comes for the DigiDestined to arrive at a final decision. What future do they choose for themselves? Harmon is a CIA/DEA enforcer investigating Arab terrorists captured in Mexico. With his team--seductive FBI agent Zara and spy-drone pilot Sharp--he flies to Istanbul and uncovers a brutal plot: Islamic extremists plan to use Sonora drug-smuggling routes to bring deadly weapons, and leaders, into the U.S. To prevent an attack on America, Harmon must turn these two savage forces against one another before his time--and his luck--run out. Dris is an ex-con, living in the borderline between a decent and a criminal life. He has a regular and simple work and lives a simple life with his wife Lise and loves his family. However, his childhood friends from his Arab community, including his best friend Yanis, are mobsters and his brother is a small time delinquent. Yanis tries to bring Dris back to his gang, and uses his former lover Nina to seduce him, taking him to expensive places to feel the importance of big money. Dris fights against the temptation, but an event will route him back to Yanis' gang and in a fight between gangs with tragic consequences for the whole community. A new documentary exploring Fetal Stem Cell injections for a variety of neurological and immunological ailments. Kitten calls her son Beau when her GILF bordello is robbed by a grotesque burlesque gang. A full- throttle, rock n rollin' feast of camp destruction and dangerous dance numbers ensues. This colorful adventure tells the story of an impetuous mermaid princess named Ariel who falls in love with the very human Prince Eric and puts everything on the line for the chance to be with him. Memorable songs and characters -- including the villainous sea witch Ursula.  After the end of his relationship with Irene, friends and co-workers attempt to find Victor a new girlfriend, but even after he starts a relationship with Lola, he does not want to forget Irene. His existence is suddenly turned upside down when inexplicable things start to happen around him.  Something is possessing people, causing their behaviour to change. With exaggerated, eye-popping style, this tall tale of Lewis and Clark becomes a romping spoof of American ego. Follow the explorers out on the trail as they discover that destiny may be anything but manifest. Set during the Rodney King riots, a robbery homicide investigation triggers a series of events that will cause a corrupt LAPD officer to question his tactics.  An adrenaline seeking snowboarder gets lost in a massive winter storm in the back country of the High Sierras where he is pushed to the limits of human endurance and forced to battle his own personal demons as he fights for survival.... Jack is a divorced, ex CIA agent, living in his disabled father's home (Jeff the Drunk from the Howard Stern Show), His daughter Sharon, wants to become an actress and needs her father's signature permission to fly to Hollywood for Black Casting Couch Auditions, where she eventually gets kidnapped by ISIS. They Kidnapped the Wrong Daughter, as her father Jack, possesses a particular set of skills. Exploring the further adventures of Carmen and Juni Cortez, who have now joined the family spy business as Level 2 OSS agents. Their new mission is to save the world from a mad scientist living on a volcanic island populated by an imaginative menagerie of creatures. On this bizarre island, none of the Cortez's gadgets work and they must rely on their wits--and each other--to survive and save the day.  Michael, who is known to tell tall tales, believes he sees a young girl get kidnapped. On their day off from high school, Michael convinces his friends to hunt down this perpetrator, leading them on a journey they'll never forget. In a lake high in the mountains of New Zealand hunter Gibbie Gibson discovers a plane wreck from WW2. When he tells it around, a gang of crooks follows and threatens him and his daughter, because they know there are 50 million dollars in the wreck. Helicopter pilot Barney helps Gibbie against them, risking his life thereby. One man must fight for his life against a murderous snake. A girl relocates to a small town only to find it inhabited by ghosts. A struggle against a bad spirit ensues to keep the town's children safe. In an alternate present-day where magical creatures live among us, two L.A. cops become embroiled in a prophesied turf battle. A young spitfire cowgirl, and her coolheaded Native American friend, race a gang of neighborhood bullies to find a mysterious treasure supposedly having mystical powers. A young girl is transported into a magical world of gingerbread soldiers and an army of mice.  In Disney's magical take on the classic The Nutcracker, Clara wants a one-of-a-kind key that will unlock a box holding a priceless gift. A golden thread presented at her godfather's holiday party leads her to the coveted key--which promptly disappears into a strange and mysterious parallel world. There Clara encounters a soldier, a gang of mice and the regents of three magical Realms. But she must brave the ominous Fourth Realm, home to the tyrant Mother Ginger, to retrieve her key and return harmony to the unstable world. The film is a comedy film that revolves around three strangers who met by chance and went on a road trip to Penang. On their journey north, they unknowingly played havoc and poured cold water on the plans of two crime gangs who are at war with each other. Miss India and an aspiring actor spend a night together roaming the streets of Mumbai and unwittingly clash paths with a megalomaniacal gangster planning to take over India. Tim's parents start a hotel business on the coast. Their dream comes true, but Tim is less excited. Moving, a new school, new friends, hopefully: he is not sure what to expect. Next, he discovers a frozen man in the basement. When he comes to, it turns out to be a spy who had a thrilling adventure there thirty years ago. Together, they try to find out what happened back then, while new mysteries keep piling up. Carpenter Andersen and Santa Claus makes a deal which saves Christmas for them both. What happens if the mob gets on small shopkeepers living in their case ? After his father's death he borrowed money from the mafia remains the Berhudar son to inherit. Back of unaccounted event tries to rally the money is not lost. Our neighborhood locksmith trying to escape from the mob Berhudar advance of the falling film , love, family , becomes a comedy to keep in mind when talking about friendship . Movie little life living two people take matters into big trouble infects rapprochement . Desert Sky Air Force Base is instructed to carry out an urgent mission. Petey, a new fighter plane, arrives by forced landing. Petey is determined to carry out the most important task by himself and rescue his best friend. 3 children now have a task of defeating babe balm who is rising again. A young boy living in a remote village in the Andes Mountains dreams of becoming shaman. An inseparable couple Saira and Shiva find themselves in a complicated situation when a stranger claims to be her reincarnated lover from their previous lifetime, hellbent on destroying their relationship and winning her back. "A to B Rollerski" is a documentary that covers the journey of Raimonds Dombrovskis as he rollerskis 4200 miles in 90 days across North America in 1988. This is a story about a man full of passion for the adventure that strives to reach goals despite hardship and barriers. It's about each one of us, our aspiration for freedom and adventure. A 61-year-old Austin grandfather, his love of our oceans and his desire to preserve them for his grandchildren, created this epic public awareness campaign and documentary thriller to cause the actions needed to save our coral reefs. People everywhere were enjoying a new game called Ordinal Scale, an ARMMORPG developed exclusively for the Augma, a new wearable console designed for AR (augmented reality) gaming. But, the players had no idea that a nightmare from the virtual world was starting to spread into reality! As his fellow players find themselves in danger, the hero is called upon once again. This film is a remake of the 1989 Doraemon Movie 10: Nobita no Nippon Tanjou. Nobita and the gang run away from home, traveling back in time to 70,000 years ago before Japan was even born. After a while, they return to the present. However, when they bump into a young caveman, Kukuru, who they have accidentally transported forward to their current era, they realize they must take him back to the primitive age. On top of that, they will have to save Kukuru's tribe, called the Hikari tribe, which was attacked and abducted by the Giganzonbie and Kurayami tribe. A kidnapped bride. A distraught hero. Odysseys through surreal worlds. Menandros and Thais are freshly married, but the wedding day ends bloodily. Thais is abducted by pirates. Searching for her, the bridegroom becomes a bloodthirsty monster, his horse grows wings, a witch promises him to another woman, King Xerxes unmans him, but everything comes to an happy end. Or does it? The Legend of Qin is a 2014 Chinese animated fantasy adventure wuxia film written and directed by Robin Shen Todd, a haunted young man, runs from the past as he struggles to protect the innocence of Benny, his mute younger brother, in a post apocalyptic world where all the adults have turned into Zombies. In ancient times, there were seven sacred scrolls believed to grant power and prosperity to those who possessed them. Prophecy told that a child born in pure Royal blood would one day harness power and rule over the nations. As men fought to claim the scrolls, Europe was pushed to the brink of war. In order to maintain peace, a Celtic King, the Father of a pure blood child, obtained the scrolls and gave them to the Christian Council for safe keeping. As word of the King's actions spread, a warlord hell - bent on finding the scrolls murdered him in cold blood. And so, the King's Daughter, like the scrolls, was taken into hiding until the day that the prophecy could be fulfilled ... During a wild night of debauchery, a gang of vengeful women plot to massacre a monastery full of corrupt monks who sold their loved ones as slaves. Their plan comes unstuck when a gang of marauding Vikings arrive with an army of vicious, tree-like demons on their tail.. In this documentary, Alex trusts his twin, Marcus, to tell him about his past after he loses his memory. But Marcus is hiding a dark family secret. Set in the 1940's, James Earl Jones as an an old clockmaker faces racism and is tried for murder when the racist is killed. However, Kevin Kilner comes forward and claims to have commmitted the crime in self defense. All the while, Kilner's family life is in disarray with various crises including his daughter catching meningitis. In a California desert town, a short-order cook with clairvoyant abilities encounters a mysterious man with a link to dark, threatening forces. When a music-hall dancer is murdered, a moss rose marks the page of a Bible next to her body. Luckily, another chorus girl (Peggy Cummins) saw a gentleman (Victor Mature) leaving the lodgings. She approaches him directly, saying she'll go to the police if he doesn't meet her demands, but he brushes her off contemptuously. When he learns she's dead serious, he tries to buy her off with a thick wad of pound notes. But it's not money she's after; all she wants is two weeks at his country estate, living the life of a `lady.' Beneath the decay of a dying world lives the Mad Doctor Mindskull. Using the planet's power of creation he has created the ultimate Weapon. Can mankind find a way to stop this Evil before time runs out? The only answer lies within the Nova Seed. Every ten or seven years in an unsuspecting town, The Tournament takes place. A battle royale between 30 of the world's deadliest assassins. The last man standing receiving the $10,000,000 cash prize and the title of Worlds No 1, which itself carries the legendary million dollar a bullet price tag. A documentary by Michael R. Faulkner, SHU-DE! follows American beatboxer, Shodekeh, as he embarks on a musical journey half way around the world to Kyzyl, Tuva where he collaborates and competes with some of the world's best throat singers. This experiential documentary unfolds amidst the remote and wild landscapes of Tuva in Southern Siberia and includes performances by Kongar-ol Ondar, Alash Ensemble, Tuvan National Orchestra, Annie Lynch (Annie and the Beekeepers), and others. Christian Comedienne Chondra Pierce with skits about  "The Pierce Memorial Funeral Home and Taxidermy," "Thirty Rednecks in the Holy Land" and "The Thrill of the Amazing Exploding Toilet" plus others! It's the last day of school and 14 year-old Grace (aka "Twinkle Toes") has been dreaming of the ultimate summer vacation with her best friends, Sporty Shorty and Jordan. But when Twinkle Toes' Dad gets a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to direct a Broadway musical, Twinkle Toes is swept from her small-pond suburban life and thrown in the hustle and bustle of New York City for the summer. As Twinkle Toes learns the ins-and-outs of the Big Apple and Broadway, she impresses the show's choreographer and is invited to be a part of the show's cast alongside the teenage starlet, Olivia Conners. But when Twinkle Toes gets a taste of the Broadway limelight, the chance for stardom overwhelms Twinkle Toes and the show is ruined! To make things right, Twinkle Toes must use all her creativity, smarts, and dancing skills to help her new friends and save the show! Fifty years ago girls were not allowed to participate in the Outward Bound Wilderness School. But that all changed in 1965 when a Minnesota Outward Bound class was opened to young women. At a time when girls should have been honing their housekeeping skills, 24 courageous young women took the challenge of a month of outdoor survival. This moment changed them and the Outward Bound program forever. Through interviews, footage of the Boundary Waters both then and now, and a heartwarming reunion, this documentary tells the story of these pioneering women. Three young children set up a table, and on the table is placed a miniature stage. The stage curtain opens, a carpet appears, and then the carpet unrolls by itself. Two puppet figures then come out and begin to perform a series of routines. An other-worldly story, set against the backdrop of Cold War era America circa 1962, where a mute janitor working at a lab falls in love with an amphibious man being held captive there and devises a plan to help him escape. The film tells the story of 11-year-old Dylan (Ed Oxenbould), who is brought up by his father (Sam Worthington) in a remote town in the country of Australia. Dylan's life is changed forever when he wins a place in the regional Paper Plane Championships in Sydney. The heart warming journey of a young boy and his father reconnecting after a family's struggle will have us cheering them all the way to the world championships of paper plane flying in Japan. The story begins the day before the graduation ceremony. Five middle school girls each are preoccupied with their real everyday lives. These girls meet each other in a fantasy world after being sent there through a sudden occurrence. There, they learn about the impending crisis that this world is facing. The way to avert this crisis is for the five to collaborate and bring their five hearts together as one through dance.  However, the five cannot come to love the world, and cannot tell their true feelings to one another, so their hearts are unable to unite. The time limit is fast approaching. Can the dance of the five girls save the world? And will they be able to graduate? A series of mysterious hand-illustrated postcards take a young woman on a journey throughout the Philippines in search of its anonymous writer. Hapless driving instructor and former Gunnery Sergeant Rafferty, living in squalor near Hollywood, California, doesn't put up too much of a fight when two ladies hitch a ride and attempt to kidnap him in their attempt to get to New Orleans; while initially put off, Rafferty finds he's charmed by the kooky pair of misfits and the three of them drive to Las Vegas, Nevada and later Tucson, Arizona, where their bond eventually unravels. Leo San Juan and his team of "ghostbusters" continue with their adventures, this time fighting against the mexican monster himself: "El Chupacabras". A young boy travels to Alaska to visit his estranged father at the same time as a young woman also travels to Alaska to find her estranged mother. The magical kingdom of Lucis is home to the world's last remaining Crystal, and the menacing empire of Niflheim is determined to steal it. King Regis of Lucis commands an elite force of soldiers called the Kingsglaive. Wielding their king's magic, they fight to protect Lucis. As the overwhelming military might of the empire bears down, King Regis is faced with an impossible ultimatum - to marry his son, Prince Noctis to Princess Lunafreya of Tenebrae, captive of Niflheim, and surrender his lands to Niflheim rule.  Although the king concedes, it becomes clear that the empire will stop at nothing to achieve their devious goals, with only the Kingsglaive standing between them and world domination. Francesco, Carlo, Loco e Giordano, lifelong friends, depart from Rome towards Madrid to celebrate the bachelor party of Francesco but above all to make, as happened on other occasions, a trip together. In fact, the trip is also an excuse to go see their favorite team away in the Champions League. In their path intersect to Pilar, a beautiful Spanish singer who, unknowingly, brings havoc within a close-knit group favoring, including unexpected, laughter and comical situations, even the come to diversity afloat, insecurities and never those words. On their return, nothing will be as before. It's the future where the Pokemon Universe receives a hard slap of reality after a law is passed to ban all capturing and battling of Pokemon as the general public deems it too cruel and inhumane. No longer being tools for battling, the Pokemon have no choice but to survive by living normal, ordinary lives alongside human beings. A picturesque family vacation to the Ozarks goes sideways when a group of bull sharks show up just in time for the big fireworks festival that the town holds every year. After a mysterious prisoner with only a few weeks left on his sentence breaks out of prison in Central City, the Elric brothers attempt to track him down. The search leads them to Table City in the southwestern country of Creta, where Alphonse rescues a young alchemist named Julia from the very man they are trying to capture. In the thick of the fight, they literally tumble into Julia's home turf, the slums of Milos Valley, and are embroiled in the grassroots rebellion of her people. Fadil, one of the fiercest mobsters of Turkey, one day falls in love with his Indian yoga instructor, Gundhi. Once Gundhi is kidnapped from Fadil's mansion Fadil sets out to India with his trustworthy friend Hulusi. He plans to rescue Gundhi and win her heart but this is a tough job as Gundhi's mother is one of the fiercest mobsters of India. With the help of a Turkish municipality worker in Mumbai, Fadil and Hulusi get entangled in numerous adventures as they try to reach Gundhi. Laughter ensues once Fadil's parents arrive in town. Will Fadil be able to save Gundhi and have his happy ending? After the tragic death of his mother, Carlos "El Paletero" won't have a choice but to take justice into his own hands. His destination is a far away town. His mission is to recover his mother's ashes. The means in which he will be fulfilling his goal don't matter, what matters is that nothing is left in impunity. El Paletero is a Honduran western that promises justice. Come Along, Do! is an 1898 British short silent comedy film, produced and directed by Robert W. Paul. The film was of 1 minute duration, but only 38 seconds has survived. The whole of the second shot is only available as film stills. The film features an elderly man at an art gallery who takes a great interest in a nude statue to the irritation of his wife. The film has cinematographic significance as the first example of film continuity. It was, according to Michael Brooke of BFI Screenonline, "one of the first films to feature more than one shot." In the first shot, an elderly couple is outside an art exhibition having lunch and then follow other people inside through the door. The second shot shows what they do inside. Espen "Ash Lad", a poor farmer's son, embarks on a dangerous quest with his brothers to save the princess from a vile troll known as the Mountain King - in order to collect a reward and save his family's farm from ruin. At the pinnacle of her career as a lawyer, Lucie goes to Morocco on a business trip, a long way from home and her husband. On her arrival in Tangier, she is struck by the chaotic agitation of the city, where it seems that anything could happen. When, out of nowhere, a Nigerian teenager gives Lucie her baby and asks her to protect it, she is completely thrown off balance. Braving the dark corners of the city, Lucie will attempt to rescue this young woman from a dangerous human trafficking ring. But she hadn't foreseen the growing attachment she feels toward the child... A 3D feature film about Sir Edmund Hillary's monumental and historical ascent of Mt. Everest in 1953 - an event that stunned the world and defined a nation. Seven year-old old twin brothers, separated during the Civil War in Tajikistan, face each other years later in a new war where one is an American soldier and the other is Taliban. Casey is attacked at random on the street and enlists in a local dojo led by a charismatic and mysterious Sensei in an effort to learn how to defend himself. What he uncovers is a sinister world of fraternity, violence and hypermasculinity and a woman fighting for her place in it. In the final days of World War II, a secret experiment to weaponize sharks is shut down and destroyed by the Third Reich. But now, 60 years later, a small ocean town is plagued by a bloodthirsty, mysterious creature, one built and reanimated using parts of the greatest killers to ever inhabit the sea - the Sharkenstein monster! The railway runs kilometers through the forest. Shikhamani is the most honest and efficient gang man. He lives in the nearby village. Quite unexpectedly a girl enters his life and the resulting events are plotted. The FBI trails a young couple suspected of stealing government plans. A washed-up private security agent has to escort a valuable Chinese antique out of Shanghai but is ambushed en route. Gamers enter virtual reality video game contest for money only to realize things are not the way they seem. A story about bravery, self-sacrifice and human dignity put on trial by the merciless power of nature. A young pilot is fired from military air force after disobeying an absurd order. He gets a job as a co-pilot with a civil airline. Being brutally honest and direct, he is not on best terms with his new colleagues. During a flight to Asia his crew receives a distress message from a volcanic island and makes a decision to attempt a rescue mission. Will it be a success? Will they survive the disaster? They have a single chance to find that out: by being a team and sticking up for one another. Three fairy tale princesses find themselves engaged to the same guy, Prince Charming. The vessel is Infinity, a 120-foot hand-built sailboat, crewed by a band of miscreants. The journey, an 8,000 mile Pacific crossing from New Zealand to Patagonia, with a stop in Antarctica. Unlike all the other boats heading to the Southern Ocean, Infinity is no ice-reinforced super-yacht crewed by professional sailors; rather, Infinity lives in the moment and sails on a whim. What can be found in abundance on board is blood, sweat, enthusiasm, risk tolerance, disdain for authority, and an ample supply of alcohol - all in all a mad voyage of reckless adventure just for the sheer joy of it. Along the way the crew will battle a hurricane of ice in the Ross Sea, assist the radical environmental group Sea Shepherd in their fight with illegal whalers, and tear every sail they have. At the heart of their journey is a quest for awe and a sense of wonder with the raw power of the natural world. A Viking Princess is forced to flee her kingdom after being framed for the murder of her father, the King. Under the guidance of the God Odin, she travels the world gaining wisdom and building the army she needs to win back her throne. A former aristocrat Ippolit Vorobyaninov leads a miserable life in Soviet Russia. His mother-in-law reveals a secret to him - she hid family diamonds in one of the twelve chairs they once had. Vorobyaninov in cooperation with a young con artist Ostap Bender start a long search for the diamonds. A comedy adventure about a resourceful cavemen who conceives one of the most over looked creations in human history, the stairs. Diz (Joel Courtney) is a reckless teenage drifter living life on the run. Abandoned by his parents as a child, he looks out for himself and doesn't accept handouts. He takes whatever he wants and runs. Jaded and determined to answer to no one, Diz lives a life marked by thievery and abandonment. Things change for Diz when he floats into a small town on the Snake River. There he is confronted by an unflappable old man named Marty and falls for Marty's guarded granddaughter, Selah. When Diz robs a local drug-dealing crazy, he becomes the owner of a giant pile of cash and the target of two vicious killers. With more money than he knows what to do with, and criminals at his heels, Diz puts the people he's learned to care about in danger, still trying to win Selah. But some things can't be stolen or bought. The River Thief is a film about guilt, self-sacrifice, and accepting life as a gift. Two boys face an onslaught from witches, monsters, ghouls and a talking dummy after they discover a mysterious book by author R. L. Stine. During a writing slump, playwright J.M. Barrie meets a widow and her three children--who soon become an important part of Barrie's life and the inspiration that lead him to create his masterpiece. Peter Pan'. The journey of a flying fish marks the beginning of the transition to a new era. A constantly picked-on aquarium fish escapes her yacht home, unaware of the dangers that await her in the open ocean. With the help of other misfit sea creatures, she learns not only how to brave the perils of the deep, but how to be true to herself. A creation myth realized in light, patterns, images superimposed, rapid cutting, and silence. A black screen, then streaks of light, then an explosion of color and squiggles and happenstance. Next, images of small circles emerge then of the Sun. Images of our Earth appear, woods, a part of a body, a nude woman perhaps giving birth. Imagery evokes movement across time. Flora is a circus elephant who can no longer perform her tricks. The night before she's scheduled to be euthanized, the circus owner's 14-year old daughter, Dawn, sneaks Flora from the circus. All that stands between them and the safety of the elephant preserve is two hundred kilometers of woods, one raging river, two elephant hunters and the fear of not making it. In a war torn country, a female teacher and comic writer lives with her students in a boarding school. To calm horrified children who have no hope in our terrifying world, she keeps telling them a story every night. Stories about her childhood imaginary hero who has become a part of her life. But one night the school is attacked and destroyed so she has to accompany two of her students to find their parents. They start a journey during which she finds some signs of her imaginary hero in real world. Up until that time she thought that man who had become her hero was just a part of her stories but now with these signs, she knows that he's real. She is determined to find him but she has big problem, she knows nothing about him. "Give me ten million dollars and trust me, we'll deliver a low-cost microprocessor compatible with Intel". This was former IBM Fellow and Dell Senior VP Glenn Henry's 1995 pitch to start a microprocessor company focused on low-cost Intel-compatible processors ("x86"). This documentary follows Henry and his team as they race to complete their latest chip, and offers an inside look at Centaur's unique management environment.  From a murky landscape, a wooded mountain emerges. We watch the sun. We see a bearded man climbing up the mountain through the snow. He carries an ax, and he's accompanied by a dog. His labors continue. There is no soundtrack. Images rush past - water, trees, and surfaces too close up to distinguish. He struggles. A fire burns. Nature, in long shots and magnified, is formidable and silent. It's tough going; he carries on. In a capillary, blood flows.  Max, a macho, solitary Rottweiler police dog is ordered to go undercover as a primped show dog in a prestigious Dog Show, along with his human partner, to avert a disaster from happening. Journey of a 24 year old mentally challenged girl who gets lost in Mumbai. During this unusual adventure, she meets various people from the society and manages to change their lives. Bombing case at Nichiuri TV in autumn. The Satsuki Cup, which crowns the winner of Japan's Hyakunin Isshu, is currently being filmed inside the facility. The incident results in a big commotion and, while the building is burning to ashes, the only people left inside are Hattori and Toyama Kazuha. They get rescued just in time by Conan , who rushes to the scene. Both the identity and purposes of the bomber are unknown. The story of two sisters on a journey, where they try to get close to each other and approach the tough questions in life. Euphoria is a contemporary drama about responsibility and reconciliation, in a world where these concepts are gradually being lost. One day, robot Robby enters into a life of the most creative little boy, Toby. Robby had been separated from his robot parents when his spaceship crashed. Toby decides to offer his help and the two of them become friends. The Return Of Sardaarji is a 2016 Punjabi film directed by Rohit Jugraj and starring Diljit Dosanjh and Sonam Bajwa in lead roles,The film will be released on 24 June 2016. After a night out of partying and left behind by her friends, Ava wakes up and sneaks back home only to find that she's already safe in bed. But that's not Ava - it's someone who looks just like her. A time-traveling fugitive has stolen Ava's body, her identity, and her life. What's more -- she's not alone. There are others, hiding in the past, secretly living among us, plotting to alter the future. Without her body, Ava is a virtual ghost, silent and invisible to the world. And, so far as she knows, she's the only one who can stop them and put the timeline back on course. Kate and Humphrey take their pups to Alfred Creek Falls for a vacation, where they find themselves embroiled in a cross-country chase after mad wolf trappers spot them. The life of a teenage boy is forever altered by a chance encounter with cutting edge military technology. The 1980s snooker rivalry between Alex "Hurricane" Higgins and Steve "The Nugget" Davis, two very different personalities who helped popularise the sport on TV. A girl struggling with asthma is taken to a clinic in South Tyrol to be cured. After some time she decides to get out of this hell (that's how she feels about it) and soon she'll meet a new friend. Together they try to reach the peak of a mountain where, according to an old custom, she can be healed. A common man kidnaps the son of the Home Minister of India to get answers about the loss of his own son, caused by the illegal acts committed by corrupt government officials. Teenage outsider Adam sets out on an epic and daring quest to uncover the mystery behind his long-lost dad, only to find out that he is none other than the legendary Bigfoot! He has been hiding deep in the forest for years to protect himself and his family from HairCo., a giant corporation eager to run scientific experiments with his special DNA. As father and son start making up for lost time after the boy's initial disbelief, Adam soon discovers that he too is gifted with superpowers beyond his imagination. But little do they know, HairCo. is on their tail as Adam's traces have led them to Bigfoot! The story of five hikers who find meaning in their lives after the beautiful yet harsh surroundings force them to connect with one another. "Rock Bottom" follows the journeys of seven gay men struggling with meth addiction and recovery against a backdrop of an emerging second wave of HIV infection. From grappling with the drug's effects on their physical and mental health to wrestling with their darkest sexual desires, Rock Bottom delivers a chilling portrait of a community in crisis. With an unflinching eye the film captures their stories over a two-year period, from sex clubs to hospitals to family gatherings. It takes enormous courage to face these demons, and even more to allow the world to watch. Aliens invade, this time delivering a clear ultimatum. The fate of humanity hangs in the balance as the U.S. President and citizens decide if these aliens are to be trusted... or feared. A thirty Two year old man trapped in a dead end job gambles everything to tell an inspiring story. Ex-gangster Willie Parker has betrayed his former "colleagues" and now lives in Spain where he thinks he can hide from their vengeance... Four young friends are hired to solve the particularly vexing mystery of an ancient haunted castle. Having cut their teeth on previous cases - an abandoned school building and a derelict hotel - "Team Spooky" is surprised to find a common thread behind all three mysteries. Each of the friends is driven by different motivations - whether it's for science, romance or monetary gain - but finding the real ghost is their ultimate goal! In the late Joseon Dynasty, Bongyi Kim Seon-dal is the best conman who sells water from the Taedong River. Idiots Taylor Dupp and Murphy Wegg flee their humdrum existence in Dayton, Ohio for the glamour of Hollywood. Murphy turns his complete lack of talent into a career as a television producer ("The Pac-Man Show"), while Taylor is unjustly accused of murder.  In this re-telling of Iliad, set in 1174 B.C. after ten years of fighting in the Trojan War, the Greek warrior Odysseus decides to travel for home, but instead finds a string of mis-adventures over the sea and land as he, along with a captive Trojan warrior named Circe as well as a group of loyal Greek soldiers, venture on the sea and land to get home to the island kingdom of Icarus and fighting sea sirens, and other mystical creatures to get home to his wife Penelope who is being hounded by a group of suitors hoping she will chose to make one of them their bride. A young boy searches a future world wasteland for a rumored cure for his dying mother. Lou, a small time gangster who thinks he used to be something big, meets and falls for a sexy casino employee named Sally. She needs his help realizing her dream of going to Monte Carlo, a symbol of the glamorous life that she has been looking for so desperately. Four crazy antiheroes on the run. Their leader is the unworldly innocent, naive Marnie, a house cat who is not allowed to leave the house and only knows about real life from television Documentary about Paul De Baeremaeker, manager of a small cycling team in Belgium. The documentary follows him during the year 1998 and goes behind the scenes of the local cycling world. Set in a post-apocalyptic world, young Thomas is deposited in a community of boys after his memory is erased, soon learning they're all trapped in a maze that will require him to join forces with fellow "runners" for a shot at escape. Jiro, a little boy, feels sick. His father takes him to the doctor. She diagnoses a harmless condition, but it shakes the core of the boy's identity. A small-town criminal finds an ancient Chinese time-travel device that can help him pull off a heist and start a new life-but he may not survive the consequences of tampering with time. The Castle meets Looper, Mega Time Squad is a study in high-meets-low, combining elements of the sci-fi, the crime thriller and the comedy to make a comedy heist film with a time-traveling twist. Framed and on the run, a former FBI agent must save his family from a blazing fire in the world's tallest building. Ozzy, a friendly, peaceful beagle has his idyllic life turned upside down when the Martins leave on a long and distant trip. There's only one problem: no dogs allowed! Unable to bring their beloved Ozzy along for the ride, they settle on the next best thing, a top-of-the-line canine spa called Blue Creek. BEARTREK is a conservation story wrapped in an adventure. Follow adventurer and renowned biologist Chris Morgan on an epic and entertaining journey to find the world's most elusive and endangered bears. Discover the threats facing them in the wild, meet the dedicated people racing to save them from extinction, and join the campaign to protect bears and their habitat. Chad Steelman, local legend and deadbeat, recruits a team to take vengeance on the might mythical Pegasus. BSAA Chris Redfield enlists the help of government agent Leon S. Kennedy and Professor Rebecca Chambers from Alexander Institute of Biotechnology to stop a death merchant with a vengeance from spreading a deadly virus in New York. A peace-loving soldier from Ancient China is magically transported into a world ruled by an evil nine-headed snake. Transformed into a panda, he joins forces with a flying pig to free the once-peaceful Merryland from tyranny. But first he must train to be the kingdom's most courageous panda warrior.  Local skate-park hero Ned Venture, along with his multi-talented brothers and sister, gets thrown into the wildest, craziest, adventure of his life after accidentally finding a large stash of diamonds stolen by a wannabe gang of mobsters. Jejak Warriors tells the inspirational story of a young teenager's (Wan Raja) journey to meet his favourite football team, The Red Warriors.  Wan Raja's father was The Red Warriors' number one fan until an incident changed his family's life forever. Following his unexpected death, Wan Raja sets out to realise his father's unfulfilled dream which is to get all the players' autographs. Along his journey from Johor Bahru to Kota Bahru to meet the team, he encounters various trials and tribulations but giving up is never an option.  Most recent film in the Malice series.  Three high school students experience the perks and pitfalls of love in director Leste Chen's sensitive tale of friendship and yearning. 12-year-old dreamer Vlad accidentally gets caught in a conflict between two alien forces. Together with an electric transformer box The Bobot, a brave girl and an eccentric scientist he has to save the world from a global catastrophe. Carl Allen has stumbled across a way to shake free of post-divorce blues and a dead-end job: embrace life and say yes to everything. Twelve-year-old Mia and her classmate Benny take a class trip to the Gruber Family's mountain ranch, where they begin to suspect something's fishy: Mysterious witching symbols appear, the Gruber's cattle falls sick, the well water turns black and the barn burns down. What the heck is going on here? Are they being haunted by an evil mountain spirit? Or is someone trying to put the Grubers out of business? Mia and Benny get unexpected support from their new classmate Johannes. Together they follow their handful of clues and leads: How did the poison the kids found wind up in the stable? What is the new cook hiding, and why? And what about the Mayor, who wants to get at the Gruber's property? Young Luca Gruber blames himself for trying to find the fabled Hoard of the Black King up on the mountain. Did he bring the curse of the Black King on his family? But Mia is too sensible to believe in fairy tales... Movie version of the Shinsengumi Crisis arc (episodes 101-105) and the Kabukicho Four Devas arc (episodes 210-214) which were screened in selected theaters in Japan. The chronicle of the wild and brief life of a 1970's most controversial surf star and international playboy from Los Angeles, Bunker Spreckels. The wealthy chairman of First Division Football Club, Burnville United, makes an unethical approach to a star player of another club, and the ensuing scandal costs him his job. The oldest pyramid in the world is found in Indonesia. A journalist must team up with an archaeologist and a shaman to uncover the mystery of the pyramid. When they found out that this ancient pyramid is a prison for a malevolent ancient demon, they must stop the demon from breaking out or it's the end of the world, as we know it. When a spaceship crashes to Earth and reveals a group of quirky little space aliens on the run for their lives, the "GadgetGang" kids-Gus, Phoebe, Francesco, Mitsue, Mary Ann, Banana and Tank-soon discover this won't be the boring weekend they had expected. They soon learn that in a point far from the galaxy, an evil warlord named Gana Golber has seized control of the Confederation of Planets and now all of the planets are in danger-including Earth! Adventure. Challenge. The simple joy of riding the wind. The best kiteboard riders each have their own reasons for pursuing their sport to its uttermost limits, but they're united in revealing its breathtaking beauty to the world. Sam Flynn, the tech-savvy and daring son of Kevin Flynn, investigates his father's disappearance and is pulled into The Grid. With the help of a mysterious program named Quorra, Sam quests to stop evil dictator Clu from crossing into the real world. A young dragon looking for his own fire must fight against an evil wizard with help of the beautiful ice princess, Lilli. A re-imagining of the classic tale from the point of view of Wendy Darling, who finds herself lost on a mysterious island where aging and time have come unglued. She must fight to save her family, her freedom and the joyous spirit of youth. The Suharto regime has been holding power in Indonesia for over 30 years, shutting down democracy time and time again. Highly critical of the regime and unafraid to speak his mind, Wiji Thukul is a poet whose words are often yelled proudly by the crowd during political protests. When riots break out in Jakarta in 1996, he and a few other activists are accused to be responsible. Forced to flee, Wiji escapes to Pontianak in Borneo where he hides for eight months, sometimes living with complete strangers. There, he has to change his identity several times, but continues to write poetry and short stories under a pen name. In the meantime, in Solo, central Java, his wife, Sipon, lives with their two children under constant surveillance. In May 1998, Wiji Thukul is declared missing, a month before Suharto is deposed by his own people. 'Familien Jul' is a Danish family film, where Hugo's father hates July Neither elves, men or Christmas gifts can get him in the Christmas mood, and he is most happy when the holidays are over.  Nissen Pixy is therefore quite unfortunate as he stays away from the sleigh and left alone at the family Christmas, but fortunately he soon becomes good friends with Hugo. Along with his siblings Hugo tries to save their new friend, but even if no one believes in elves, they are still difficult mighty hard to hide . Chiich, an elderly Mayan lady, is the depository of great wisdom. Her granddaughter Yaakunah has inherited this knowledge. After healing a young girl in the village who suffered from cancer, she attracts the attention of international pharmaceutical companies. In a world where the zombie apocolypse is an unquestioned reality, truly righteous brothers tackle love, loss, and life lessons amid the backdrop of an epic spring break. Three best friends take a trip to the desert, and their friendship is put to the test. Lior, who is openly gay, and religious Jew Elad, suddenly have to face each other's life choices. And Yossi - Where the hell is Yossi? Da-Nian is a young man from Taipei. He goes to a remote village and works as a substitute teacher. He and Su-Yun, another teacher at the school, fall in love. There are several students in his class who are like the naughty "three musketeers", and a sad, silent boy Xiang-Wang, who's parents are divorced. Besides, in order to support the family, Xian-Wang's father kills the fish in the river with electricity, which is against the law and causes a lot of damage to the natural resources. Because of this, Xian-Wang has been teased by other school children. At last, he becomes so upset and runs away from home... After falling in love with a photographer a young man follows her to war and steps into the shoes of a war reporter. When Dracula leaves the captive Jonathan Harker and Transylvania for London in search of Mina Harker--the reincarnation of Dracula's long-dead wife, Elisabeta--obsessed vampire hunter Dr. Van Helsing sets out to end the madness. Video game bad guy Ralph and fellow misfit Vanellope von Schweetz must risk it all by traveling to the World Wide Web in search of a replacement part to save Vanellope's video game, "Sugar Rush." In way over their heads, Ralph and Vanellope rely on the citizens of the internet -- the netizens -- to help navigate their way, including an entrepreneur named Yesss, who is the head algorithm and the heart and soul of trend-making site BuzzzTube. A dedicated student at a medical college and his girlfriend become involved in bizarre experiments centering around the re-animation of dead tissue when an odd new student arrives on campus. When Chloe discovers that her new home's garden gnomes are not what they seem, she must decide between the pursuit of a desired high school life and taking up the fight against the Troggs. The Big Bad Fox recounts the misadventures of a young clumsy Fox and a feisty little red Hen.  The Fox, both a little stupid and naive, tries daily to devour the little Hen, without success. Tired of the repeated humiliation, the Fox is persuaded to steal the Hen's eggs to raise and then eat. This plan seems perfect, until the moment the chicks hatch... An exiled space detective returns to help an old flame but finds himself tangled in a web of interstellar intrigue, galactic gangsters, and a sinister scheme that threatens the very fate of the entire galaxy! Happy speaks with someone in the park and takes a trip to the moon on a rocket that looks like the front half of a current racing car, where he is made king of the moon. A ballerina does a shimmy and Our Hero winds up back in the park being accosted by a cop. The inference is that he has fallen asleep and dreamed the entire trip. Two travelers meet on the open prairie, and pass their time together by trading stories with each other. Their tales become a sort of competition, each attempting to relate something which might disturb the other. After destroying a Seminole fort, American soldiers and their rescued companions must face the dangerous Everglades and hostile Indians in order to reach safety The world's top thieves join forces to pull off the heist of a lifetime. But when they find themselves pursued across Europe by a legendary French detective, they'll have to take their game to the next level. Between 1993 and 1999, one man robbed 29 financial institutions in Budapest. Banks, post offices and even travel agencies fell victim to his crime spree. The police had no leads and no hope of finding him during his six-year stint. The only clue left behind at the crime scenes was the distinct aroma of whiskey. The media christened him the "Whiskey Bandit". Never physically harming anyone, many began to eagerly follow his escapades through the media. A Transylvanian immigrant, who also happened to be a goalie for one of the city's largest hockey teams, named Attila Ambrus, was finally identified as the "Whiskey Bandit". The police had finally captured him... or so they thought. Some of the boys in South Park elementary find themselves on a balloon ride to an imaginary land. At arrival they're faced with an unimaginably threat.  Oregon, a small town near the sea, around 1870. Henry, a grieving man who aspires to preach as a way to overcome his unfortunate past, reunites with eccentric pioneer Samuel Alabaster, who has hired him to officiate at his marriage to the precious Penelope. What Henry ignores is that both must embark on a dangerous journey through the inhospitable wilderness to meet her. In this Pokemon adventure, a mysterious force binds Ash to the Mythical Pokemon Volcanion when it falls from the sky. Volcanion can't get away, and Ash is dragged along as it continues on its mission. They arrive in a city of cogs and gears, where a corrupt minister has stolen the ultimate invention: the Artificial Pokemon Magearna, created 500 years ago. The minister plans to use Magearna's mysterious power to take control of the mechanical kingdom. Can Ash and Volcanion work together to rescue Magearna? One of the greatest battles in Pokemon history is about to unfold! A world wide electrical outage occurs. Everything that requires electricity comes to a stop. Tokyo is nearly ruined. Yoshiyuki Suzuki (Fumiyo Kohinata) decides to escape from Tokyo with his family. When brave elephant Rock (Cary Elwes) sees his wife, Melody (Alexa PenaVega), kidnapped by the powerful human king (Patrick Warburton), the mighty warrior will need some jumbo-sized help from his friends in order to rescue her. Coming to his aid is a quirky, courageous troop of young elephants, including Rally (Carlos PenaVega), and Pugsley (Mikey Bolts), plus the ever-trusty and wacky Wingman (Garrett Clayton) and the kindhearted human queen (Ambyr Childers); this elephant tale filled with dazzling action sequence is one that you'll never forget! A supernatural tale set on death row in a Southern prison, where gentle giant John Coffey possesses the mysterious power to heal people's ailments. When the cell block's head guard, Paul Edgecomb, recognizes Coffey's miraculous gift, he tries desperately to help stave off the condemned man's execution. Synesthesia examines what can happen when we depend on our digital devices too much. When Leslie puts more faith in the smartphone she never puts down than her marriage, she must decide who to trust with deadly consequences. An escalating dispute with the Shadow Clan, a newcomer from the Surface, and all the usual thugs-Eli and the Shane Gang have their hands full from the moment they return home from the Eastern Caverns. In a small town in Massachusetts, four high school girls perform a ritual in an attempt to debunk the lore of Slender Man. When one of the girls goes mysteriously missing, they begin to suspect that she is, in fact, his latest victim. The Okee Dokee Brothers embark on a month-long horsepacking trip along The Great Divide. This movie follows their adventure with interviews, music videos, and other shenanigans set in the American West. Rudolf, a black stray cat, is suddenly separated from his beloved master. He unexpectedly wakes up in a long-distance truck that takes him to metropolis Tokyo. There, he meets Ippai-attena, a big boss cat feared by everyone in town. Unable to return home, Rudolf starts a life as a stray with Ippai-attena, but Ippai-attena isn't all that he seems to be. A criminal psychologist and a forensic expert works together to track down a serial killer who targets people who have been acquitted of notable crimes and uses their guilt as his modus operandi. Six thousand years before Sora and Shiro were even a blink in the history of Disboard, war consumed the land, tearing apart the heavens, destroying stars, and even threatening to wipe out the human race. Amid the chaos and destruction, a young man named Riku leads humanity toward the tomorrow his heart believed in. One day, in the ruins of an Elf city, he meets Shuvi, a female exiled "Ex-machina" android who asks him to teach her what it means to have a human heart. We Can Be Heroes is a mockumentary TV series created and performed by comedian Chris Lilley. It follows the story of five unique Australians, who have each made a large achievement and been nominated by friends and family for the Australian of the Year award. On August 1st, 1976, Neil Armstrong, the first man to step foot on the Moon, joined a British-Ecuadorian expedition whose mission was to explore a cave located deep in the Amazon forest, called Tayos Cave. Why was a mission of such magnitude organized, and what was the British interest in the cave? A group of geologists and members of esoteric disciplines penetrate into Tayos' massive underworld to shed light on its dazzling enigmas. A group of kids, a Shih tzu dog, a wood, a vet, a police officer with his team and the typical gang of bad guys will be the main characters of a funny action movie. ...Without forgetting that there will be almost 30 Shih tzu dogs!! A young Aji Mathew is a communist who goes the whole nine yards for the ideologies he believes in. When the girl he loves leaves to the US out of the blue and her parents fix her wedding, Aji is left with just a fortnight to reach the country albeit with no passport or visa. How far he is willing to go for love forms the plot. When a lifeguard catches wind of a dangerous anomaly off the coast of San Diego, she commissions a band of unlikely heroes to assist her on a suicide mission to save the west coast from total destruction. Having been gone for three years, closeted advertising executive Adrian returns to his Texas hometown and struggles to reveal his dire circumstances to his conservative family. An evil kitten known as Adventure Cat needs to get his paws on an ancient bone with magical power in order to take over the universe. It's up to an elite group of space dogs, headed by the intrepid General Ruff, to make sure Adventure Cat doesn't succeed! This colorful adventure tells the story of an impetuous mermaid princess named Ariel who falls in love with the very human Prince Eric and puts everything on the line for the chance to be with him. Memorable songs and characters -- including the villainous sea witch Ursula. A surreal adaptation of Moby Dick. Lake, obsessed with finding the ultimate truth, is led down a path into the horrifying depths of his own subconscious. Torrey Pines is a stop-motion animated feature film by director Clyde Petersen. Based on a true story, the film is a queer punk coming-of-age tale, taking place in Southern California in the early 1990's.  Raised by a schizophrenic single mother, Petersen's life story unfolds in a series of baffling and hallucinated events. With a mother fueled by hallucinations of political conspiracy and family dysfunction, twelve-year-old Petersen is taken on a cross-country adventure that will forever alter the family as they know it. A struggling Gujarati businessman ventures into the world of China where he gets a brilliant business idea that could change his life forever. When the sun rises on an unsuspecting group of friends on a bushland road trip, so does the horror. They have stumbled upon an abandoned facility, yet there are children on the grounds, showing signs of reanimated life. And these children are hungry... In order to save some kids who are about to die in a fire, Bibi, the daughter of a prestigious witch, manages to trigger a heavy rain with her powers. The head of all witches gives her an award called "Crystal Ball", reserved for older girls. German adventure film very much in line of Harry Potter, but in female version. Why do things fall to the ground without magic? The young magician's apprentice Limbradur is far more interested in the universe and its secrets than boring magic spells. He is fascinated by the stars, the universe and the laws of nature. So, one night he sneaks into the Albert Einstein Museum, where he meets AlbyX3, a small, clever but rather quirky robot who knows all about Albert Einstein and his theories. Alby takes Limbradur on a magical journey of discovery through time and space, during which they not only uncover the secrets of gravity but also learn much about friendship and imagination. For Limbradur and Alby both have secrets of their own.  Little Nicky, the son of the Tanner, a famous strongman, has made up his mind, that he can conquer the dragon as his father did long ago. Against prohibition of his father, Nicky has managed to get into trouble and now it depends only on his courage, whether he defeats the resurgent dragon and returns home from the magic world. When a group of Indian and Pakistani nurses are held hostage in Iraq by the militant Abu Usman, Indian Intelligence (RAW) track down the reclusive agent, Tiger, 8 years after he fled with former Pakistani intelligence (ISI) agent, Zoya. Joining forces in the name of humanity, Tiger and Zoya lead a team of RAW and ISI agents to covertly enter the hospital where the nurses are trapped. After escaping from summer camp, Thomas and his invisible fox Felix have the adventure of a lifetime. Struggling to come to terms with the break-up of his marriage and his reintegration into civilian life, former Navy SEAL John Beckett contemplates returning to what he knows best, war. When a close friend is brutally murdered in a racially motivated attack, Beckett calls upon his specialized military skills to find the perpetrators and bring them to justice. Has he found a new sense of purpose, or will this be his last mission? Join Rainie on summer vacation and find a sugar rush adventure, when her mom is accidentally turned into a living candy. Now, Rainie &amp; her pals must soar to the sweetest destination in the galaxy, Candy Planet, in hopes of turning her mom back. There they meet Gordon, a master of confections living in a cotton candy wonderland. He explains that everyone must pass the tartest of tests before they can reach the top level and free her mom. But when all of Rainie's friends are turned into candies, they face the sourest of circumstances, and must uncover an incredible secret along with the true meaning of friendship; before they can save themselves and the sweet inhabitants of... CANDY PLANET! Luke, a young professional in New York City, learns his grandfather has disappeared under strange circumstances and is presumed dead. When he arrives at his grandfather's remote cabin, he finds a series of clues and puzzles, each more baffling than the last. With the help of a woman from his past and an eccentric sidekick, he must unravel the puzzle before someone else gets to the dark secret it hides.  After the British company's officer Clive takes over the kingdom of Mirza, Princess Zafira and Khudabaksh aka Azaad form a band of rebel pirates who swear to defeat the English officer and win their freedom back. The British Company in return, hire the wily thug Firangi track Azaad's gang and thwart his plans. Adam West and Burt Ward returns to their iconic roles of Batman and Robin. Featuring the voices of Adam West, Burt Ward, and Julie Newmar, the film sees the superheroes going up against classic villains like The Joker, The Riddler, The Penguin and Catwoman, both in Gotham City... and in space. In eleven days time, Michael is due to wed his fiancee Helen. However, a chance meeting with Sarah, a total stranger, threatens to destroy all his plans as he is seduced on the spot and finds himself unable to resist her. The Kalaallit people of Greenland have been intimately connected to the eternal ice for millennia. These massive glaciers stand as records of ancient eras of the planet - but recently they began disappearing. As the foundation of their traditions literally melts beneath their feet, members of the Kalaallit community work with artists to capture the images and stories of a vanishing landscape and way of life. Glocke had a simple plan to set the pimp Hermann's SUV on fire, become an internet star and impress Lena. Instead, he drops into a mobile toilette and becomes a webfail. He decides to follow the web call to hike and search for the drop-out Friedrich. Together with Judith, Steffi, Elias and Paule he heads of into the Harz. As access to internet and smartphones are not allowed the plan to start all over again works and the adventure brings the five together. But each teenager has a secret of their own and soon the hike leads the teens to face their past. A coming of age road trip film about a depressed writer back from his first year of college who reunites with his three childhood friends: a drunk, a sex addict, and a manic-depressive. In an attempt to abandon their empty lives, they embark on a mission to fulfill their childhood dream of seeing Cadillac Ranch. What begins as an escape becomes an entrapment after an encounter with their childhood nemesis ignites friction within the group, forcing their problems out into the open and turning them against one another. High school student Ichigo Kurosaki lives an ordinary life, besides being able to see ghosts and the blurry memories of his mother death under strange circumstances when he was a kid. His peaceful world suddenly breaks as he meets Rukia Kuchiki, a God of Death. Three years later Michele (The Invisible boy) meets his mother and his twin sister. Both have stories and superpowers but their intentions may not be what Michele thinks. Elder Mamani's father has died, and it looks as if young Elder couldn't care less, even though he has no one to take care of him now. He goes to live with his grandmother in the outskirts of the mining city, Huanuni, where Francisco, his godfather, gives him a job at the mine. But it doesn't take long for Elder, who cares more about getting high and wandering through dangerous alleys at night, to mess it up. But he soon finds out about a dark secret regarding Francisco's involvement in his father's death... Aye Mi is an ambitious photographer eager to start a career in advertising but doesn't have enough money to buy a camera. Her only hope is to recover a lost inheritance, a valuable ruby. Aye Mi discovers that the jewel has been taken by some young evil witches who have menacing and corrupting powers. Facing her worst fears, she makes big sacrifices and will not stop for anything until she retrieves the stone. Will Aye Mi ever doubt the value of what is unexpectedly discovered along the way? It's 1849 and everyone wants to make his way to San Francisco for that golden opportunity. Jorge, a poor Mexican peasant, and his son Fernando believe they have struck it rich when they find an enormous gold rock. Upon entering the nearest town to cash in, they quickly become entangled with a dangerous outlaw who has eyes on their fortune. After the rock and child go missing, Jorge teams up with a conniving Chinese immigrant to find his son and get back what is his, but not before running into a surplus of outrageous characters including an unsavory hunting party...or killing each other first in this wacky adventure! A re-imagining of the Arthurian legend centered around Arthur's illegitimate son Owain who must learn to take up his father's mantle as king. Red Sonja, the She-Devil with a Sword, intends to pay back a blood debt owed to the one man who has gained her respect, even if it means leading a doomed army to their certain deaths! Who is Dark Annisia, and how has this fearsome warrior accomplished what neither god nor demon has been able to do: force Sonja to her knees in surrender? An epic tale of blood, lust, and vengeance, "Queen of Plagues" takes Red Sonja from the depths of her own grave to the heights of battlefield glory.  From Gail Simone ("Batgirl", "Birds of Prey") and Walter Geovani ("Vampirella", "Witchblade"), "Red Sonja: Queen of Plagues" gives the iconic fantasy heroine a fresh new attitude! And now, you can see it all brought to life in this animated comic, starring Misty Lee ("Ultimate Spider-Man")! An American soldier who had been killed during the Vietnam War is revived 25 years later by the military as a semi-android, UniSols, a high-tech soldier of the future. After the failure of the initiative to erase all the soldier's memories, he begins to experience flashbacks that are forcing him to recall his past. We Are Scissor Sisters... And So Are You is the first DVD by the Scissor Sisters, released on November 29, 2004. It contains a full live concert filmed at Brighton Dome in August 2004, featuring backstage footage and extras. It includes the documentary "Return To Oz" (directed by Julien Temple) which tells the story of the Scissor Sisters. There is also a separate 10 minute skit directed by Andy Soup which has the band dressed up as characters from The Wizard of Oz, which also includes "terribly bad acting" as mentioned on their official website. In the 70s two brothers battle killer waves, conservative society and ruthless bikers to kick-start the modern surf industry. A group of students visit Goa and Hampi while on their college trip. Their experiences during their journey help them understand the intricacies of love and friendship. In the summer of their twelfth year Matteo and Samuele spend their days between the river, the forest and the shopping center, but compared to previous years, something is changing. The game becomes boring, imagination gives way to discovery, adventure turns into life experience. A summer without beginning and without end, the story about a friendship, an age and a land which are obliged to change with the inexorable passage of time. Two detectives investigate a string of horrific murders in Seoul and zero in on a sadistic gang leader who carries an actual ball and chain. A journey through the heart of a mountain.... Four brave women set out to row across the Pacific Ocean from America to Australia. In 1999 Aaron Baker broke his neck in a motocross accident, leaving him completely paralyzed from the neck down. Despite doctor's grim prognosis over the next 16 years Aaron decided not to listen to those who said 'he had a million-to-one odds of ever feeding himself again' and instead, through painstaking effort, endeavored to regain as much mobility as possible. This journey through the unknown took him from the depths of depression to the joys of cross country road tripping via tandem bicycle with his mother and friends, and finally, culminated in his opening a socially conscious low cost gym focused on increasing mobility for the disabled. Now in Coming To My Senses we watch as Aaron takes one final journey which symbolizes his recovery: to cross a 20 mile tract of Death Valley unsupported on foot. But will he make it? The proxy soliders in Joseon tries to fight against Japanese invador with vulerable Prince GWANGHAE who just been taken over the country's military command. Young girl Masha accidentally discovers the organization of snow and ice mages fighting the global devil under the leadership of Santa Claus. Once upon in a time in Taraz, a bunch of friends goes to night club and find themselves in a tricky situation after conflict with son of local mobster. Filmmaker Paul Wolffram immerses himself in the spiritual world of the Lak people in the rainforests of southern New Ireland, Papua New Guinea in this heady combination of ethnography and lyrical expressionism.  A drama centered around twins attending the same boarding school. The story is about medieval warrior who fights for the honor of his land and the dignity of the womenfolk. The story travels centuries apart as he emerges in another role as a modern Indian equivalent of James Bond, a stylish top secret agent. The marauding aliens run amok, as they are hundreds of years ahead in technology. LionHeart is their only stumbling block in their march to overpower Planet Earth. Will LionHeart manage with his primitive weapons, or will he surrender. There is romance apart from action and high drama and finally, an amazing twist in the tale!! Villagers are afraid of Samurai Rauni Reposaarelainen, who keeps them on their toes every day. When someone places a bounty on Rauni's head, he goes after this mysterious person. Chinese narco-cops take their mission to the Golden Triangle following the Mekong River massacre of innocent fishermen by the region's drug lord. Centered on the character of Goemon, this film is a sequel to the spin-off TV series, "The Woman Called Fujiko Mine" and its sequel film, "Daisuke Jigen's Gravestone." A break up causes an impulsive young man named Carl to reside in the woods. There, he reflects on himself, his past life, and has a psychedelic awakening. When a young boy named Jake accidentally makes a new friend in an experiment gone wrong a troubled town is plunged into chaos. But with the creature rapidly evolving every day, Jake finds it increasingly difficult to keep his new pet secret. Jake's friends and new girl Abbie realize they are not the only ones interested in this strange, mischievous little dinosaur and soon discover that the only thing more mysterious than what it is, is who is looking for it. Four best friends search for a legendary jazz musician on Central Avenue, Los Angeles in 1959. In the dusty streets of Crow's Landing, outlaws, wealthy plantation owners, runaway slaves, a half Cherokee girl, a pair of brothel owners and a woman days away from giving birth all end up in a bloody shoot out and running for their lives. A mere decade after the Heptigalaxial Cosmic Eternity War, the Kingdom of the Seven Galaxies is once again on the precipice of oblivion. The evil Zargantian prince Adorastius has escaped his icy incarceration and threatens all known existence with the most fantastical yet calamitous power imaginable. Cal Weaver is living the American dream. He has a good job, a beautiful house, great children and a beautiful wife, named Emily. Cal's seemingly perfect life unravels, however, when he learns that Emily has been unfaithful and wants a divorce. Over 40 and suddenly single, Cal is adrift in the fickle world of dating. Enter, Jacob Palmer, a self-styled player who takes Cal under his wing and teaches him how to be a hit with the ladies. Two friends try to re-unite by going on a road-trip to the forests and mountains. Their attempt to reconcile does not go easy due to the secrets they hold, and a shocking revelation ends their journey. A story about a homeless boy and his best friend - dog.  Jesse 01776 and Sonja 01984 team up in rebellion against the self-proclaimed Boss of America and his soulless goons and thugs, embarking on a bloodthirsty adventure of romance and revenge. A long time ago, in a medieval world, Aegeus, son of Lord Theron, is forced to hide in the forest after the murder of his parents for political reasons. He meets there a young woman, Asteria, who decides to follow him on his journey. A feature length experimental documentary based on the writing of Cabeza de Vaca. An autobiography of a Poughkeepsie filmmaker who hasn't yet hit it big. A deadbeat drunk and a junkie hooker join forces to take on the city, each other, and their own personal shortcomings while trying to scam $98 for bus tickets out of town. In 1971 Salford fish-and-chip shop owner George Khan expects his family to follow his strict Pakistani Muslim ways. But his children, with an English mother and having been born and brought up in Britain, increasingly see themselves as British and start to reject their father's rules on dress, food, religion, and living in general. A fledgling filmmaker follows the steps of three friends on a surrealistic nautical voyage. Aboard a second-hand pedalo, they set out on a journey of 150kms leaving from the Basque coast. The pedalo is not, however, made for the waters of the Cantabrian Sea, and no sooner has it started than the voyage spirals into madness: an accident, partying, a hangover, a shaman, a funeral... As he documents the expedition of the three "sailors", the director sinks into a parallel voyage. After an Afghanistan-born woman who lives in Canada receives a letter from her suicidal sister, she takes a perilous journey through Afghanistan to try to find her. I'll Push You is about two lifelong friends, one quadriplegic, who embark on the pilgrimage of the Santiago de Compostela. It's a documentary about friendship and the grittiness of love and sacrifice. The story starts from pile murder, murderer exactly ten years ago, a woman was shot dead by police. A decade ago, it has not found an important clue surfaced, what old things associated with the murder a decade ago after a decade of existence in the end? All this seems to be back to square one again. Liu Ye plays Justin was forced to intervene series of investigations, throws a period spanning 10 years of disputes, he played with Chiu ??? what will happen to the story, the same two men who have lost a loved one, the final showdown, behind, relating to a shocking secret, life and death, love and hate, good and evil, black and white, good and evil, truth and lies a major reversal in Hardened criminal Maggie Hayward's consistent violence, even in police custody, ends in the execution chamber. However, top-secret US government agent 'Bob' arranges a staged death, so Maggie can be elaborately trained as a phantom killer and subdued into obedience. She gets a new cover identity as saleswoman Claudia Anne Doran. She also gets a wonderful house-mate, building super J.P., a broad-minded, gentle photographer. The two fall in love, and that complicates hit jobs. His good influence extends to breeding in her a conscience that places love over business, unlike Bob's agency. A British father and son undertake a five hundred mile canoe journey through the Canadian wilderness. An honest story of real adventure and the importance of making time for each other. A handsome warlord, 'Taari' (Tope Tedela) is fast transitioning into a wolf due to the curse of the dogs that has been placed on him. He must immediately find the cure to this curse or forever be damned. The plot thickens when he discovers that the prince of the village, 'Adetiba' (Gabriel Afolayan) will stop at nothing to prevent him from getting the cure he desperately needs. Meanwhile, 'Princess Morenike' (Omowunmi Dada) who is desperately in love with Taari, goes against her brother and goes beyond limits to get the cure for her betrothed. Danny and Dolly meet for the first time at a bus stop, both waiting to attend their first day back at high school, but after becoming acquainted, the two decide to ditch school and explore the small town in which Dolly is brand new to, only to end up falling in love with each other after learning of the unusual, not so pretty lives that they both live. An  English couple, a leading London lawyer and his wife re-define later life by motoring rural India in their battered 1936 Rolls Royce, falling into company with tea-wallahs and maharajahs, dodging tribal conflicts and battling with border-officials to get to a photography conference/human rights festival in Bangladesh. Kengo was gifted in Kendo (Japanese martial art) but he quits after a tragic incident. He works as a security guard and spends his days drinking. One day, he encounters a high school student Toru, who has a natural ability in Kendo. Toru revives the spirit of the sport in Kengo and he resumes practice again. Charged with 2400 volts of electricity, Eduardo Garcia lost an arm, ribs, muscle mass and nearly his life, but more important than what he lost is what he found. Morioh, 1999--a normally quiet and peaceful town has recently become a hotbed of strange activity. Joutarou Kuujou, now a marine biologist, heads to the mysterious town to meet Jousuke Higashikata. While the two may seem like strangers at first, Jousuke is actually the illegitimate child of Joutarou's grandfather, Joseph Joestar. When they meet, Joutarou realizes that he may have more in common with Jousuke than just a blood relation.  Along with the mild-mannered Kouichi Hirose and the boisterous Okuyasu Nijimura, the group dedicates themselves to investigating recent disappearances and other suspicious occurrences within Morioh. Aided by the power of Stands, the four men will encounter danger at every street corner, as it is up to them to unravel the town's secrets, before another occurs.  The Fixies are little creatures that, unseen by humans, help them maintain their appliances - and generally make sure things don't fall apart... Until an unexpected occurrence of gargantuan proportions threatens to reveal the Fixies' existence! Two nine-year-old boys from sunny Venice California set off on a mission to cross Los Angeles on skateboards at night in an attempt to reach the Staples Center by 8am the next morning for a survival contest. An enthralling montage of moments of cinema-going extracted from movie history exploring the entire film-going experience: underage boys attempting to get in to a cinema to see some bare flesh; pretentious debates in the queues; loading choc ices into trays, and of course the trailers and the main feature. Films from every genre play as lovers meet, criminals hide in the dark and rapt audiences watch on. Like a lone cowboy, Sergei passionately devotes his life to traditional horse breeding in the impenetrable Arctic Sakha; permafrost and the absence of roads, electricity and channels of communication mean that there is nobody else to rely on but oneself. Sergei is sensitive and introspective; he truly cares about his family, community and treats nature with the utmost respect. He loves the independence and freedom this life brings, despite the immense sacrifices that it necessitates, such as total isolation and being a stranger to his own children. Spectacular camerawork characterizes the Sakha horses in all their magnificence, and juxtaposes the post-soviet towns and the boundless taiga landscapes, where the cold bites through the screen. When Alexander suddenly leaves on a road trip to France, Lukas decides to join him as he's been trailing his charismatic brother for his entire life. But during this journey he discovers that he finally has to go his own way, not knowing this decision would be so all-encompassing. Arun, a newly recruited sub-inspector, sets out in pursuit of a mysterious serial killer who targets young girls and murders them. After a series of murders, Arun confirms that it's being done by a psychopath with an anti-social disorder. The killer continues his spree, but Arun is no mood to stop his pursuit. Assassin Robert Rath arrives at a funeral to kill a prominent mobster, only to witness a rival hired gun complete the job for him -- with grisly results. Horrified by the murder of innocent bystanders, Rath decides to take one last job and then return to civilian life. But finding his way out of the world of contract killing grows ever more dangerous as Rath falls for his female target and becomes a marked man himself. Following an accident, an Engineer of an asteroid mining company endures the extreme limits - both physical and psychological - of human survival, trapped inside an escape pod as he helplessly idles towards the Sun. Mokhtar, a filmmaking professor, receives an unexpected gift on his 75th birthday from his daughter Kawthar, a filmmaker in her early twenties. With two plane tickets to Rome, they set out in search of his long lost love - Patrizia - the woman he promised to return to thirty-three years ago. Being filmed unknowingly throughout the trip, Mokhtar's raw emotions are captured by his daughter's hidden camera. As voyeurs to this quest for love, we are immersed in the lives of the father and daughter, and the triumphs and tribulations they experience during their trip. In the middle of the night, Magloire is smoking a cigarette in an abandoned train station when the police shows up for an ID check. He starts running with no luggage, no future until he meets a dying man from whom he inherits a fortune. Magloire is now pursued by a gang. He becomes their hostage, but accomplice too. As he doesn't anything to lose. Like someone who gets away with everything, someone with no expectations... Orishas: The Hidden Pantheon Two siblings are whisked away by an intelligent fairy to become part of a real life game they must complete before coming back to the real world. A kid helps his troubled father to hunt a killer bear.  A comedy film that looks into the loosely connected lives of people with strange sexual fantasies. A woman with a dangerous fantasy and her partner's struggle to please her. A man who begins an affair with his own wife without her knowing anything about it. A couple struggling to keep things together after a sexual experiment spins out of control. A woman who can only find pleasure in her husband's pain. A call centre operator caught in the middle of a dirty and chaotic phone call. And the distractingly charming new neighbour who connects them all. In 2030 the world is in a permanent state of economic recession and facing serious environmental problems as a result of global warming.  An intelligent, lovable robot known as "F.R.E.D.I." is stolen from a secret research facility by the project's lead scientist. The robot is found by a 15 year old teenager, James. Soon the two begin to communicate and create a bond in which F.R.E.D.I. learns about teenage life and James learns about some new values. In the year of 754 AD, during a time of epic battles and bloodshed, the legend of the pagan warrior king, Rebad, is born, but so is a new weapon against his people: Christianity. Redbad must ultimately unite a Viking army powerful enough to defeat the seemingly invincible Franks. In September 2012, four film students mysteriously disappeared while making a documentary at an abandoned building in downtown Mexico City. This is the footage recovered from the shooting. In an imaginary world where vehicles are the citizens, one underdog cabbie attempts to become king of the road in his hometown, Gasket City. He soon discovers that staying true to oneself is a greater pursuit than personal glory. When threatened by elitist attitudes and mobster trucks, can one unglamorous black and yellow 'local zero' rise to the challenge and become a 'global hero'? Factual drama exploring the truth behind the space shuttle Challenger's 1986 explosion. Against the backdrop of Ireland's stunning west coast, this film digs deep into the day to day lives of the surf community, taking the audience beyond the bluster of the typical adrenaline fueled film to create a very real portrait of those who choose the surf lifestyle. Struggling screenwriter Josh Kendricks finds himself the star of his own disaster movie when super volcanoes begin erupting all over Los Angeles Now Josh, along with wacko-scientist-turned-novelist Quinn Irwin and Hollywood diva Kat Rivers, must band together to get Quinns' research to the mayor and save the city before it blows in one final eruption.  The sequel to Monster Hunt. Set in a world where monsters and humans co-exist, the franchise tells the story of Wuba, a baby monster born to be king. Wuba becomes the central figure in stopping an all-out monster civil war. Ivan is an ordinary guy who is transferred from modern Moscow to the fantasy world Belogorye. In this parallel universe where characters of Russian fairy tales live, magic is an integral part of daily life, and arguments are settled with the help of sword . Unexpectedly, Ivan finds himself in the middle of a battle between good and evil, and he must discover why everyone thinks that he must play the main role in upcoming events... Follow some of the world's finest female athletes on a journey that takes them from the slopes of a volcano in Hawaii to the white-knuckle ride down an Alaskan giant, and other interesting places... A young charro's head is turned by a glamourpuss from the big city, and he has a hard time putting his life back together after she kicks him to the curb. Julius and Vincent Benedict are the results of an experiment that would allow for the perfect child. Julius was planned and grows to athletic proportions. Vincent is an accident and is somewhat smaller in stature. Vincent is placed in an orphanage while Julius is taken to a south seas island and raised by philosophers. Vincent becomes the ultimate low life and is about to be killed by loan sharks. Lucy Hill is an ambitious up-and-coming executive living in Miami. She loves her shoes, she loves her cars and she loves climbing the corporate ladder. When she is offered a temporary assignment - in the middle of nowhere - to restructure a manufacturing plant, she jumps at the opportunity, knowing that a big promotion is close at hand. What begins as a straight-forward assignment becomes a life-changing experience as Lucy discovers greater meaning in her life and, most unexpectedly, the man of her dreams. An Adivasi 13-year-old from Telangana becomes the youngest girl in history to climb Mount Everest. A bright young yeti finds something he thought didn't exist--a human. News of this "smallfoot" throws the simple yeti community into an uproar over what else might be out there in the big world beyond their snowy village. Fred C. Dobbs and Bob Curtin, both down on their luck in Tampico, Mexico in 1925, meet up with a grizzled prospector named Howard and decide to join with him in search of gold in the wilds of central Mexico. Through enormous difficulties, they eventually succeed in finding gold, but bandits, the elements, and most especially greed threaten to turn their success into disaster. Space Sheriff Gavan vs Tokusou Sentai Dekaranger features the return of Yuma Ishigaki from 2012's Space Sheriff Gavan: The Movie and the 2015 Space Sheriff Next Generation films. The first installment will join the two police themed heroes as they face a massive space crime organization.  Khalid and Kehailan are two team leaders who are passionate about car racing and challenges. They enter into a crazy competition to win the challenge involving a lot of surprises, which unexpectedly change both their lives. An exploration of America's social and political climate through the lens of a genre-defying love story. The film centers on a black man and black woman who go on a first date that goes awry after the two are pulled over by a police officer at a traffic stop. They kill the police officer in self-defense and rather than turn themselves in, they go on the run. Two filmmakers journey to Arizona's Sonoran Desert to find bufo alvarus, a psychedelic toad. TOAD TO NOWHERE is a documentary about healing, hallucinogens, and looking within to explore the unknown.  Hanum (Acha Septriasa) and Rangga (Abimana Aryasatya) intends to return to Vienna after performing their duties, but Hanum's boss gives a new task: to trace the mysterious treasure of the Chinese Muslim mariner who sailed to America long before Columbus. That is why Hanum and Rangga fly to San Francisco. Hanum ask for help from Azima Hussein (Rianti Cartwright) because she has a reliable source to find the evidence. Without knowing it, the danger of treasure hunters is targeting them. On the other hand, Azima and her daughter, Sarah Hussein (Hailey Franco), is upset over the rejection of her mother (Ira Wibowo) who can not accept her daughter turn to Islam, and doe not realizes that there is a secret in part of her life. Meanwhile, Stefan (Nino Fernandez) is pressured by the breakup with Jasmine (Hannah Al Rashid) who is pregnant. A visceral journey through the unseen and unknown world of big wave surf adventurer Frank James Solomon, an intercontinental clandestine investigation blurring the lines between myth, legend and reality. When Chuck and Woodsly are accidentally entered in the FUR BALL RUN, they have to figure out how to put their paws on the pedal to compete against a pack of seasoned drivers from across the animal kingdom. Against the wishes of his parents (who are in the midst of a messy divorce), a young boy steals the ashes of his dead Grandfather and runs away into the wilderness with his dog. The boy is determined to fulfill his beloved Grandpa's dying wishes and spread his ashes atop a remote mountain. Along the treacherous journey, the boy and the dog are accompanied by the ghost of his Grandpa, who helps them on their journey, brings the family back together and gives the boy one last chance to say goodbye. A scientist builds a massive ark after his warnings of an Earth-destroying flood are ignored. But when it's evident the disaster will occur, those who maligned the scientist now turn to him in desperation, boarding the ark and seeking his answers before the world drowns in a never ending sea. From the guys that brought you Napoleon Dynamite comes this hilarious Napoleon-topping award-winning comedy. Super-nerdy Gavin Gore and his friends stumble on some huge footprints in the woods. A local cop, reporter and a renowned Sasquatch authority investigate, while two of Gavin's stoner neighbours hatch a scheme to profit from the situation In the 1940s, Muggles clashed in a violent world war, but in the world of wizards a much greater threat, hidden in the shadows since its birth, is about to sow fear and death. From the London shallows to the Ministry of Magic, no one knows the name of the evil that rages in the shadows. Elyana Ogden, recently certified auror, is entrusted with an investigation into strange series of murders. She does not suspect that her path will lead her to meet the most dangerous dark lord of all time. Ava's sister goes missing after they have an argument. Ava must fight her ADHD to find her sister with the help of an old school friend.  On a treasure hunt gone wrong, modern-day adventurer Sinbad accidentally releases the Furies, three beautiful but terrible ancient beings powerful enough to threaten life on Earth. After a serious car accident, Lukasz discovers that the blue door in his new room lead to alternate reality.  During the Royal Ball, Cinderella and her mice fellows discover a secret that could shake their world: the real prince has turned into a mouse by the evil witch, and the "Prince" from the Royal Ball is in fact a fraud. Now, Cinderella and her friends are going to begin a whole new adventure to save the real Prince, and help him defeat the evil force. In Distance Between Dreams, the most historic year in big wave surfing comes to life through the eyes of iconic surfer Ian Walsh, as he sets mind and body in motion to redefine the upper limits of what's considered 'rideable.' With massive El Nino powered swells building across the Pacific, Ian, Shaun, D.K. and Luke Walsh band together in the way only brothers can on a quest to progress surfing to unimaginable heights. Big wave surfing's transition from jet ski assists to paddling in raises the stakes, putting Walsh's intense physical and mental training, the latest technology, swell modeling, and safety team, his brothers, to the ultimate test. Surfers John John Florence, Greg Long, Shane Dorian and more link up with Walsh as he rides an emotional rollercoaster through this momentous winter. A vacationing detective begins to suspect that the Biblical apocalypse is at hand after being forced to relive the day of the Rapture time and again.What was supposed to be the perfect vacation comes to a horrific crossroad for Detective David Ramsey. Aboard a private yacht on the shimmering Sea of Cortez, his wife and friends suddenly disappear. During the investigation, David begins to unravel the evidence surrounding a worldwide Nostradomic event revealed in ancient Biblical prophecies. Deep in the wilds of Southern Appalachia, lifelong moonshiner Popcorn Sutton runs 1 last batch of accurate moonshine whiskey. By means of the exhausting work of clearing the site, building a rock and clay furnace, brewing corn mash and producing high-proof moonshine, Sutton reveals the craft of standard distillation, the character of his Scots-Irish ancestors, and a lifetime of memories in the trade.  Young Lucas finds out he's not really a human after he surprisingly transforms into a monster in front of the most popular kids at school. His search for Monster Island and his real roots takes him on a fabulously scary journey that puts him face to face with more tentacles, fangs and far-out situations than he can shake one of his new wings at. Motu and Patlu are your home-grown Laurel and Hardy in an animation avatar. They befriend a circus lion, Guddu and attempt to save the jungle from a greedy poacher. An ancient Scripture says: <<Get a Power of the Crystal Eye and will have everything you dream about...Sorcery, the hidden power , mystery language of animals and birds - subservient to the Master of the Crystal Eye>>.  School friends teens caught in a tangled game of Sorceress and Witches from different worlds. Who 's finally winners? Real friendship or the dark ? In the distant future, the post-nuclear holocaust Earth is divided into two rival superpowers, North Hemis and South Hemis. Both empires are engaged in competitive race to reach Mars. When a badly under-equipped rocket malfunctions and begins drifting toward the sun, its helpless crew is rescued by the rival mission team. The combined crew continue the flight to mars, when colossal monsters lies in wait on the Martian moons! One Direction: All The Way To The Top tells the story of the British Irish boy band formed on British talent TV show, the X Factor. Their debut album Up All Night topped charts worldwide and the band became the first British group to debut at number one on the US charts. From being five individual X Factor hopefuls, we see the band become our generation's answer to the Beatles. Including interviews with the band, music industry experts and fans from around the world, we take an intimate look inside the wold of One Direction and discover how they have become one of the biggest breakthrough band of our time. After being defeated by humans centuries ago, the Winged Tribe has lost their ability to fly. Seeking vengeance, a royal descendant of the tribe has begun searching for the magical Naga Pearls, which he plans to use to destroy the humans. When the legendary pearls fall into - and out of - the hands of Heiyu, a wily human street punk, he must join a team of unlikely heroes as they race to prevent the destruction of their people in this magical fantasy adventure. A message to your family. A true story of survival, as a young couple's chance encounter leads them first to love, and then on the adventure of a lifetime as they face one of the most catastrophic hurricanes in recorded history. Your favorite animals are back for an all-new family adventure! Join Maurice, the beloved penguin-tiger, and the Jungle Bunch on their exciting quest for hidden pirate treasure! Hold on to your seats, because the wacky treasure hunt includes all sorts of new adventures and silly surprises, including booby traps, a village of crazy rabbits, and a mysterious "Yellow Dragon." Can the Jungle Bunch outsmart Captain Grubby Beard, his evil gang of Pirates, and an outrageous heap of obstacles to find the precious hidden treasure? When Apollo, a kind-hearted travelling performer, lands in the village of the Funny Little Bugs, it's not too long before he upsets the life of the kingdom. As Apollo falls into a trap set by Wendy, the jealous and treacherous cousin of the queen, he is framed for kidnapping Queen Marguerite, causing panic in the hive! In reality, Marguerite is held by the Vermin, Wendy's accomplices, while she takes over the throne. With the help of his new friends, Apollo embarks on a perilous rescue mission. To free the Queen and save the hive, the Little Bugs will bravely face many dangers and be more imaginative than ever! This winter is extraordinary; Moomintroll decides  to stay awake to explore the winter instead of hibernating as usually. And winters are certainly totally different than he had imagined. Strangest creatures wander amidst the snowdrifts; midwinter darkness surrounds the Moominvalley, and on top of that, an eccentric guest is soon to appear. This guest requires many measures, and is called Christmas, Hemulen tells to a surprised Moomintroll. Three teenaged best friends on the planet Telluria begin an incredible journey of adventure as they fight against the most evil being in the universe. Blue Noon is an avant-garde film inspired by the works of Franco and Rollin that intertwines several directors' visions of various time periods of the desolate immortal life of a mate-hungry seductress who has a mysterious connection to the sea. In the prehistoric past, Keda, a young and inexperienced hunter, struggles to return home after being separated from his tribe when bison hunting goes awry. On his way back he will find an unexpected ally. Embark on a journey to the North Caucasus and its legendary Mont Elbrus, the highest peak in Europe (5642 meters). Through this adventure, Lucas Swieykowski and Thibaud Duchosal will soon realize that, between the local Balkar population with its heavy heritage and an History of wars and legends, there is more in this place than meets the eye. A boy falls in love with his junior in a Kyoto college club, and struggles daily to be noticed by her. However, she is naive and unsophisticated and is completely indifferent to him. Mary Smith, a young girl who lives with her great-aunt in the countryside, follows a mysterious cat into the nearby forest where she finds a strange flower and an old broom, none of which is as ordinary as it seems.  In the beginning of the 20th century, five children on the island of La Reunion commit a savage crime. As punishment, a Dutch captain takes them to a supernatural island with luxuriant vegetation and bewitching powers.  The story of two brothers who lead totally different lives. Jake Hunt enjoys life to the fullest in Thailand, while his shy brother Oliver deals with his own depressions back home in the USA. Their dominant mother wants Jake back home and for this reason, Oliver is sent to Thailand to retrieve his brother. Once there, Oliver finds himself in Jake's bizarre life and falls in love with a beautiful girl, Lek. However, it is not a coincidence that she and Oliver have met In Germany at the height of World War II, a ragtag group of American soldiers discover Doctor Mengele's diabolical plan to create an unstoppable army of Nazi werewolves. A father and his two teenage sons travel to a small mountain cabin for a male bonding adventure. When a lost tourist arrives at the cabin, their male-bonding outing turns into a struggle for survival. A group of college researchers go camping deep in the Florida Everglades. While entering forbidden Native American territory after being advised not to, the group encounters the infamous Swamp Ape. Modern treasure hunters, led by archaeologist Ben Gates, search for a chest of riches rumored to have been stashed away by George Washington, Thomas Jefferson and Benjamin Franklin during the Revolutionary War. The chest's whereabouts may lie in secret clues embedded in the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence, and Gates is in a race to find the gold before his enemies do. Everything falls apart for a happy seagull family the day a golden flounder offers access to black gold. A police detective is going through different adventures while he is stuck in a little boy body. There is family trouble for the knights. To get out of trouble's way, they decide to whizz off to China for a dragon tooth, the symbol of wisdom and power. At that time the Prince of Kiev is on a journey with his horse Julius; he is after the treasures of the Sea tsar to fill his coffers and "patch up the budget". And the Sea tsar has decided to marry - and therefore drown Kiev. What is to be done? What will help our heroes? Friendship, boldness and, of course, love. A biker gang visits a monastery where they encounter black-robed monks engaged in worshipping Satan. When the monks try to persuade one of the female bikers, Helen, to become a satanic sacrifice the bikers smash up the monastery and leave. The monks have the last laugh, though, as Helen, as a result of the satanic rituals, is now possessed and at night changes into a werewolf, with dire results for the biker gang.  A Mexican couple out fronts different situations on their way to making a movie in Humboldt County. On their journey they question themselves about destiny, signals, independent filmmaking, will; and they represent their thoughts and learnings in musical and psychedelic sequences, dreams and spontaneous words and phrases that construct these wonders and seekings of their minds. An ex-soldier ventures into the Pacific Northwest to uncover the truth behind his fiance's disappearance. This documentary seeks to move away from the noise of the city to enter the silence of the natural world and reconnect with the ties we have lost throughout the era of disconnection. A young Viking called Vitharr arrives in Britain with dreams of conquest and adventure, but when his family and clan are ambushed and killed, he must survive alone in this strange,dangerous new land as he searches for his Uncle's settlement. Saalai (The Road), the story of one man's inner struggle, a Psychological Thriller based on an Idea driven by strange encounters, shot in -30degC FREEZING COLD and DANGEROUS landscape presented for the first ever time in Tamil Cinema. A fatal explosion and sudden earthquake rock Los Angeles, and reporter John Benson seizes his chance to cover the breaking news of increasing seismic activity.  Adventures of the Road-Runner is an animated film, directed by Chuck Jones and co-directed by Maurice Noble and Tom Ray. It was the intended pilot for a TV series starring Wile E. Coyote and the Road Runner, but was never picked up until four years later when Warner Bros. Television produced The Road Runner Show for CBS from 1966 to 1968 and later on ABC from 1971 to 1973. As a result, it was split into three further shorts. The first one was To Beep or Not to Beep (1963). The other two were assembled by DePatie-Freleng Enterprises in 1965 after they took over the Looney Tunes series. The split-up shorts were titled Road Runner a Go-Go and Zip Zip Hooray!. Legend has it that five locks protect the world's magic power, but it accidentally selected a "nobody" " Pig Man (Zhang Zikun) as its owner. After visiting his father in Arkham Sanitarium, young Howard Lovecraft accidentally uses the legendary Necronomicon to open a portal to a strange frozen world filled with horrifying creatures and a great adventure. A documentary about how a variety of people connect their lives with surfing and big waves. For hundreds of years, the element has not ceased to attract people, and even in the 21st century, it easily pulls them out of megacities and falls in love with itself for life. All the heroes of the film came to the ocean in very different ways and made the waves steer their fate. The protagonist, the famous Russian surfer Seva Shulgin, is preparing to realize the dream of every surfer - to ride on one of the most dangerous waves in the world, the Hawaiian wave Jouse (Jaws).  Tim, a newly trained Elf, wanders off from his people and is captured by the local circus. Saved by young Teresa, together they form an unbreakable bond. But the only way to truly save Tim, will be finding a way to get him back to the other Elves. One day , Pororo and Crong enter a video game "Golden wing adventure"  In the cyber space , Pororo and Crong met 'Prince ChiChi" and agreed to find Golden wing to save Princess  On the other hand, Pororo's friends were captured by SPIDER KING "  Will Pororo save the Princess and his friends and escape from Cyber space ? 12 year-old Sebastian has decided not to follow his father and Angelina to Canada, deciding to stay in the alps to watch over Belle who has now become the mother of three beautiful pups. When a stranger arrives claiming to be Belle's rightful owner, Sebastian will do all it takes to protect his best friend and her little ones. Two kids are saving their mom. The story takes place in a harbor town where a gloomy middle school student named Kai meets a mermaid named Lu. A present-day idyllic kingdom where the benevolent teenage son of King Adam and Queen Belle offers a chance of redemption for the trouble making offspring of Disney's classic villains: Cruella De Vil (Carlos), Maleficent (Mal), the Evil Queen (Evie) and Jafar (Jay). Petit Spirou, like all his family before him, has a career destiny all traced. When his mother announces that he will integrate the grooms school at the beginning of the new school year, Petit Spirou, with the help of his friends, will take advantage of his last days of class to declare his love to Suzette. And no matter how. They decide to live an extraordinary adventure. The third installment of the blockbuster fantasy series sees the return of the Monkey King (Aaron Kwok) in his most action-packed adventure yet! While continuing their epic journey to the West, the Monkey King and his companions are taken captive by the Queen of an all-female land, who believes them to be part of an ancient prophecy heralding the fall of her kingdom. With a lot of sorcery and a little bit of charm, the travelers devise a plan to escape. But when their trickery angers the mighty River God, they realize they might just bring about the foretold destruction - unless they can find a way to quell her wrath. The troll prince Trym has only two days to save his father, King Grom, who has turned to stone and had his tail stolen by the evil presence in the forest. Chuck, a top international manager for FedEx, and Kelly, a Ph.D. student, are in love and heading towards marriage. Then Chuck's plane to Malaysia ditches at sea during a terrible storm. He's the only survivor, and he washes up on a tiny island with nothing but some flotsam and jetsam from the aircraft's cargo. The deceased friend and mentor, Doctor Alfred, leaves behind a posthumous trail for Clank to follow. With little time to spare he must figure out the mystery behind the disappearance of the "Red Mosaic". By the early 1900s, the extraordinary Houdini earned an international reputation for his theatrical tricks and daring feats of extrication from shackles, ropes, handcuffs and... Scotland Yard's jails. Udin from  Cimaja, South Sukabumi, always able to solve the village's problems with the solution out of the box. This makes Udin become an idol in the school, especially among his friends, Jeki, Ucup and Inong. Udin has a new "opponent" when Suri, the girl  from Jakarta, moves to the school. Suri is intelligent and has a myriad of achievements. She was suffering from brain cancer, but remains optimistic.  She is determined to realize the dreams of others by regularly holding contest. Suri's different style from the others makes Udin secretly fall in love, despite the fact that Inong also loves Udin.  Suri's joining in the groups, Udin's teams is increasingly solid to resolve the problems: a case of attempted suicide, a teacher who bullies pupils in the school, to the mental disorder. But how clever is Udin, he is powerless to deal with the will of God for Suri. An autobiographical documentary by two women travelling from Egypt to Germany, this film explores the experience of the female traveller as they focus on their own perspective of crossing places and spaces. When a gun-toting rebel tries to rescue her kidnapped sister, she finds herself up against a widely feared desperado and a cursed guardian of treasure. A short film drama about a parent-child relationship. Harvie is a smart but a bit too lively boy with one ambition, to finish the last level of his computer game. Once in the Gamers Hall of Fame, his absent-minded father, would finally be proud of him. But finishing the game turns out to be only the start of a real adventure that takes Harvie, his dog Jerry, and his friend Monica deep into the forgotten realms of the city's old puppet museum. Lucinda Regis, Director of Development at MALCO Oceanic Research, becomes the target of a dangerous killer after unraveling a sinister plot to inject sharks with human DNA. Balloon kingdoms, dopey police dragons and happy wizards are exactly how Terry remembered his Grandmother's whacky fairy tales. Except they are real and it's definitely not as 'cheerful.' A research group makes a curious discovery that may lead to the fountain of youth. Meanwhile, an ancient Native American fable sends an ominous warning that those who disrespect nature will learn to fear the rain. Nature's law has no mercy. On a remote Irish farm, five people become unwilling participants in an experiment that goes nightmarishly wrong. This is a story of two boys. When an elephant attacks Rohit, a city boy, he runs into the forest and he meets tribal boy named Siddesha. The two then have to figure out how to survive in the wild. The Spanish vessel 'Ilha Brava' arrives from the deep seas of the south Atlantic. 55 days at sea are interrupted by only five days docked in the port of Montevideo. The city exists as a hologram for the sailors, standing like a shadow behind the vessel that gives shelter. Men of diverse nationalities and religions, yet all share the same broken gaze, in which a dream of home absorbed through a screen is a haunting and entertaining presence during the long dead hours of waiting.  Distraught when her middle-aged lover breaks a date with her, 21-year-old Toni Simmons attempts suicide. Impressed by her action, her lover, dentist Julian Winston reconsiders marrying Toni, but he worries about her insistence on honesty. Having fabricated a wife and three children, Julian readily accepts when his devoted nurse, Stephanie, who has secretly loved Julian for years, offers to act as his wife and demand a divorce. When the evil Krad steals Santa's toy bag, he crushes the holiday spirit- and over time, the world's children forget all about Christmas. Now, a wide-eyed orphan and her band of friends will embark on the polar adventure of a lifetime, as they try to stop Krad from destroying Christmas once and for all! Pro skier Fabian Lentsch is a wanderer, through and through. In a customized fire truck, he sets off on an expedition to explore the peaks of the Middle East. With a rotating group of wildly different skiers, they wind up on the tour of a lifetime. At the end of the year, Linden got dumped by his girlfriend. He lived with her in her place, in Germany. He is a tap dancer and now he has no place to go. So he plans to perform a concert moving around the world with friends. But he gets a call from an old friend. And he cancels the plan. Instead of that, he decides to come to Paris because she moves to Paris. He wants to meet her with an unknown desire. But every time, they make an appointment to meet up, she breaks up the promise. Even though, he meets his cousin, friends and new people, he always feels empty and lonely. And his desire to meet her is getting stronger. The year changes though, his situation doesn't change. She calls him that she is going to Spain. He decides to go to Spain. On his way, he is having a good time with people by listening their stories. But he can't stop thinking about her. He increasingly gets tired and mad at her. Unluckily he lose everything he has because of a swindler. And he calls her again... A fairy tale set in the bucolic countryside of Central Europe at the turn of the 20th century. Anka, an orphan girl, bravely sets off in the pursuit of a home, facing the hardships of life, and ultimately finds her place with the help of a magical world and its mysterious creatures. Natsu Dragneel and his friends travel to the island Kingdom of Stella, where they will reveal dark secrets, fight the new enemies and once again save the world from destruction. Batman and Nightwing are forced to team with the Joker's sometimes-girlfriend Harley Quinn to stop a global threat brought about by Poison Ivy and Jason Woodrue, the Floronic Man. Dora, a girl who has spent most of her life exploring the jungle with her parents, now must navigate her most dangerous adventure yet: high school. Always the explorer, Dora quickly finds herself leading Boots (her best friend, a monkey), Diego, and a rag tag group of teens on an adventure to save her parents and solve the impossible mystery behind a lost Inca civilization. Standing on the edge of a rooftop, Gregory ponders the precariousness of life. He is 20 and feels like a stranger to himself. He wonders how he can live without dreams or desires. One day, he sees Liv, another college sophomore, and falls secretly and utterly in love with her. When he finally dares to declare his love, he finds himself up against a wall. Liv does not know him. Twenty-year-old Liv loses her virginity to Ilia, an older Russian army deserter. She experiences her first love and treasures every minute. But all too soon, Ilia's past creeps back into his life and unravels their union. One day, he leaves her without a word. She will have to live with the same intolerable loneliness that she unwittingly inflicted on Gregory. A superhero loses his powers shortly after turning forty and must adjust to his new life. A confident young cop is shown the ropes by a veteran partner in the dangerous gang-controlled barrios of Los Angeles, where the gang culture is enforced by the colors the members wear. This short film tells the story of a disgraced U.S. army officer who is charged with treason. At his court martial he is sentenced to lifetime exile aboard American ships at sea, no crew member can mention anything about the United States within his hearing, and in the books he is allowed to read all references to the United States are removed. When terrorists plant a bomb on a commercial flight, the passengers aboard the plane must fight to keep the plane in the air and all the passengers alive: the bomb is rigged to detonate whenever the plane dips below 800 feet. Joel and Ellie, a pair connected through the harshness of the world they live in, are forced to endure brutal circumstances and ruthless killers on a trek across post-pandemic America. This is the story of how Ash and Pikachu first met. At first, Pikachu was disobedient towards Ash, but Ash only wanted to be friends with Pikachu. On the day they set out from Pallet Town, both of them saw a Ho-Oh flying and they made a vow to meet it. Laura has spent years looking for her sister Sara who went missing in the depths of the jungle in the Congo. Neither the NGO she works for, nor the embassy, have news on her whereabouts until a photo appears of Sara in a mining town. Apparently, Sara is being held captive by The Hawk, the fearsome rebel leader who controls the mafias behind the prized mineral coltan. To save their Kingdom from an army of undead, a group of warriors must travel through the forbidden lands fighting the fearsome beasts that call The Dark Kingdom their home. Join Bob the Builder and the team in their biggest build ever! Jacob Sartorius. Started as a little boy from Virginia to a talented over- achieving 14 year old teen. Jacob Sartorius' "Life on the Road" shows his life during shows and on tour, making a difference to the world. With music. The film starts with a flashback. ACP Bose (Jagapati Babu) is a sincere police officer happily married and lives with his parents and younger brother Chandu (Gopichand). Chandu is a college student and he falls in love with his classmate Indu (Anushka). Enter Section Shankar (Yashpal Sharma), the villain who is notorious for settlements and land deals. He kills anyone who comes in his way and does not leave any evidence or witness behind. He takes a loan of 100 crores from a private bank with the help of a conniving DGP and a politician. He kills the bank's chairman in order to avoid repayment and puts the blame on Bose. Bose tries to stop Section Shankar. Chandu also gets into disputes with Section Shankar. The year 1829. Nikolay Gogol, a young Third Section clerk, is desperate: his own books seem shallow and mediocre, so he keeps buying entire print runs just to burn them all. He is suffering from violent epileptic seizures and struggles to keep on working. Investigator Yakov Guro accidentally witnesses one such fit and realizes that Gogol's visions contain clues that could help solve actual crimes. Together, Gogol and Guro take on a particularly weird and baffling case that brings them to a small village of Dikanka, where everyone has a huge secret to hide.  No overview found. A white corporate executive is surprised to discover that he has a black teen-age son who can't wait to be adopted into the, almost-exclusively-white community of, San Marino, California. Olivia Branstetter (Carmen) and Lauren Jain (Jacobee) debut in their first feature film about a group of recently graduated teens who discover what's important in life through a drug-fueled Fourth of July night. A man flies his plane "Fend l'Air" over Paris. Audrey and Morgan, two thirty-year-old best friends in Los Angeles, are thrust unexpectedly into an international conspiracy when Audrey's ex-boyfriend shows up at their apartment with a team of deadly assassins on his trail. March 1965. In the heat of the Cold War, the USA and the USSR are competing for supremacy in space. What both superpowers aim for in this race, is to be the first to have a man walk in outer space. To accomplish that, no price is too high and no risk is too great.  Now it's up to the unlikely duo of a seasoned war veteran and a hot-headed test-pilot to fulfill this mission. Two men in a tiny spaceship, without proper testing, facing the complete unknown...  They were supposed to do what no man has done before - and no man imagined what would happen next... A pirate radio station is granting callers their hearts' desires. But as some teenagers find out, be careful what you wish for. Saalai (The Road), the story of one man's inner struggle, a Psychological Thriller based on an Idea driven by strange encounters, shot in -30degC FREEZING COLD and DANGEROUS landscape presented for the first ever time in Tamil Cinema. After being infected in the wake of a violent pandemic and with only 48 hours to live, a father struggles to find a new home for his baby daughter.  King Tezozomoc invades Texcoco betraying the trust of his allies with a surprise attack. The young prince Nezahualcoyotl will attempt to retrieve his father's kingdom from the hands of Tezozomoc. When an overenthusiastic Maya accidentally embarrasses the Empress of Buzztropolis, she is forced to unite with a team of misfit bugs and compete in the Honey Games for a chance to save her hive. In the 70s two brothers battle killer waves, conservative society and ruthless bikers to kick-start the modern surf industry. LEYUAD, a trip to the well of the verse, the land of men of the book, the cradle of the Saharawi culture, because "Traveling is giving up something to find something new. A young band from Norway set out on a journey across the country to attend the National Championship of Rock in a race against time, the police and their parents. In 13th century Ireland a group of monks must escort a sacred relic across an Irish landscape fraught with peril. Martin is a young Argentinean piano virtuoso and composer. For four years, he has been a patient of El Borda psychiatric hospital. Music filled up his life. Now he is trying to return to life outside the asylum walls, while working on his new opus, "Enfermaria". In the near future, 10 death row convicts are forced to compete in a virtual reality game that pits them against dinosaurs and each other. When two poor greasers, Johnny, and Ponyboy are assaulted by a vicious gang, the socs, and Johnny kills one of the attackers, tension begins to mount between the two rival gangs, setting off a turbulent chain of events. Brian and Charlie work for a gangster. When the boss learns they want to "leave" he sets them up to be killed, after they help rob the local Triads of their drug dealing profits. B&amp;C decide to steal the money for themselves, but when their escape doesn't go to plan, they have to seek refuge in a Nuns' teacher training school. The honey-extracting tribal folks of Kadambavanam, a village in the deep interiors of dense forests, enjoy their peaceful &amp; humble lives with the philosophical company of their forefathers. Presence of limestone underneath earns the village some interest from unethical vultures. With multiple soft evacuation plans failing against the tribal resistance, they resort to uglier ways putting the villagers' lives into complete disarray. Can they withstand when payback time presents itself? Win is the only survivor from a black magic attack that has taken away his father's sacred amulet.  When he come back for revenge with a powerful sorcery, he is faced with a new powerful cult that help people to be wealthy but hide its roots of black magic behind the benevolent front.  He will have to destroy this organization before it ruins more lives and also his girlfriend's future In 16th century Java, after his parents are killed by a rogue martial artist, Wiro Sableng is rigorously trained by a benevolent silat master. She sends him off to capture the culprit, who now aims to take over the throne from the king. Hero Steps is a heartrending drama about triumph in the face of seemingly insurmountable adversity. If little Eduardo can follow his dreams, then surely there's hope for all of us. In medieval England, Merlin and King Arthur banish the evil enchantress Morgana and her son Mordred to the ends of the universe as Morgana vows revenge. In present day, Knights descendant Penn doesn't take much stock in the legends of his supposed ancestors, even as the descendants meet in Thailand to practice fighting. But when Morgana and her son return to earth, armed with alien technology and hell-bent on destroying every last descendant of King Arthur and his knights, Penn must to come to terms with who he was born to be, and bring together the new Knights of the Round Table to save themselves and the earth from Morgana's total vengeance. An Andaman tribal who escapes from men trying to capture his people, ends up in the care of a spoilt, rich girl, who starts to fall in love with him. Two beefed-up twins (played by the Paul brothers, Peter and David, who have appeared in several programmers as The Barbarian Brothers) operating on opposing sides of the law, team up to stop a nefarious crook in this actioner. Peter Jade is a notoriously arrogant burglar who ends up with the key to an enormous underground cache of diamonds. David Jade is a cop who joins forces with Peter after greedy Philip Chamberlain, wanting the diamonds for himself, kills David's partner An old town id under the affection of the mythical story of the Tree of Sidra. Mike Plant burned his way through life by an unconventional set of rules, leading him to dark corners of the world before finding his passion and the pinnacle of an extreme sport that celebrates individuals who race around the world on a sailboat... a true American adventure story. This short film takes place in a tacky disco, which is the setting for a wedding reception. Kelly Marie (Jenny McCrindle) is a jilted bride whose husband has just left her for another woman. She goes to the ladies room and tries to remove her wedding ring. Her mother Lulu (Karen Dunbar), aunt Ruby (Jan Wilson) and friend Gracie (Kay Galle) follow her into the ladies room, but are unable to offer any constructive advice. A drunk girl (Jenny Foulds) named Adele bursts into the room suddenly and passes out before saying anything. Kelly Marie calls for an ambulance as the other women try to revive Adele. This life or death drama places Kelly Marie's problems into perspective. A dog finds the meaning of his own existence through the lives of the humans he meets. The eccentric Captain Seafield hires a crew of specialists to help him plot revenge against the creature that killed his father. After several failed attempts, Seafield is forced to take matters into his own drunken hands. What began as a simple case of man verses beast soon plunges down a rabbit hole of mysterious unknowns and Lovecraftian hijinks. Lake Michigan Monster -- banned in four lakes! A dive down to the collective subconscious, where the man's stinking corpse is broken down into nourishing soil from which we are born again and rise to the surface with a new feminine thinking and feeling and unimaginable perversions. An artful film with a sweet side, but also violent sex scenes and a perverse taste. The adventures of Rohan Kishibe, as he goes around uncovering mysteries. An aging King invites disaster, when he abdicates to his corrupt, toadying daughters, and rejects his loving and honest one. A character study of, "the funniest comedian you've never heard of," and an exploration of how we define artistic success, MENTALLY AL follows Al Lubel, a former Star Search grand champion as he struggles to get by, perpetually broke and sleeping on friends couches, as he continues to pursue his artistic dreams into his sixties. When a man's wife flakes on a last-ditch effort to save their marriage, his overeager brother-in-law joins him on a trip to a hipster resort in Nicaragua. When the mysterious Shiriri turns his parents into children, Shin-chan must trek across Japan to help return them to adult form. The world is on the brink of catastrophe in a chaotic age where evil demons roam. In order to keep evil at bay, a mysterious organisation from the pugilist world emerges. A new constable and a young girl with a mysterious past are also drawn into this group, and the group embarks on an incredible adventure. Djam, a young Greek woman, is sent to Istanbul by her uncle Kakourgos, a former sailor with a passion for Rebetiko, to find a rare part that will repair their boat. In Istanbul, she encounters Avril, a nineteen-year-old French girl, alone and without any money, who came to Turkey as a voluntary worker with refugees. Djam, generous, cheeky, unpredictable, and free-spirited, takes Avril under her wing on the way to Mytilene. A journey filled with encounters, music, sharing, and hope. Felix's school is haunted again, only this time it's not the benevolent spirit of school founder Otto Leonhard and the nuisance he caused, but the hated and long-since dead Director Hulda Stingbeard. A coincidence causes the former shrunken and skeletonized school principle to rise again. When she manages to return to real life she almost defeats Otto Leonhard, manages to shrink Dr. Schmitt-Gossenwein and Felix' parents, and takes over the school. It takes Felix, Ella and their gang to set the levers in motion to save the school and bring Dr. Schmitt-Gossenwein and his parents back to their original size again. A man stranded in the Arctic is finally about to receive his long awaited rescue. However, after a tragic accident, his opportunity is lost and he must then decide whether to remain in the relative safety of his camp or embark on a deadly trek through the unknown for potential salvation. When their arch nemesis comes back into the light, cops McGraw and Higgs will do anything to keep Samir from completing his plan and achieving world domination. Felix's school is haunted again, only this time it's not the benevolent spirit of school founder Otto Leonhard and the nuisance he caused, but the hated and long-since dead Director Hulda Stingbeard. A coincidence causes the former shrunken and skeletonized school principle to rise again. When she manages to return to real life she almost defeats Otto Leonhard, manages to shrink Dr. Schmitt-Gossenwein and Felix' parents, and takes over the school. It takes Felix, Ella and their gang to set the levers in motion to save the school and bring Dr. Schmitt-Gossenwein and his parents back to their original size again. A hit man hijacks a boat -- and the married couple aboard -- in order to carry out a contract on a dictator in the Caribbean. Shelia, a single mom and sometime paranormal investigator, is enlisted to investigate a possible "haunting" at a widower's farmhouse in East Tennessee. Eddie Lomax (Jean-Claude Van Damme) is a drifter who has been in a suicidal funk since the death of his close friend Johnny (Danny Trejo). Riding his motorcycle into a small desert town where Johnny once lived, Lomax is confronted by a gang of toughs, who beat him and steal his bike. However, Lomax is not a man to take an injustice lying down, and soon he begins exacting a violent revenge on the men who stole his motorcycle, with local handyman Jubal Early (Pat Morita) lending a hand and several area ladies offering aid and comfort. A Coptic leper and his orphaned apprentice leave the confines of the leper colony for the first time and embark on a journey across Egypt to search for what is left of their families. In the distant future, mankind begin research on clones that live underground in search of lost genetic information. Flora is a circus elephant who can no longer perform her tricks. The night before she's scheduled to be euthanized, the circus owner's 14-year old daughter, Dawn, sneaks Flora from the circus. All that stands between them and the safety of the elephant preserve is two hundred kilometers of woods, one raging river, two elephant hunters and the fear of not making it. Boonie bears and Bald Qiang work together with secret primitive girl to smash a conspiracy to destroy old-growth forest.  There is a strange feeling around Earth and Triforce just before the completion of the world's first mechanimal, Disc Cannon. Black Mirror who was thought to be dead, has revived and is seeking revenge. He turns all the mechanimals into Black Mechanimals and starts to destroy the world. The tamers start preparing for the final battle in the most dangerous of times... Fred Beckey is the legendary American "Dirtbag" mountaineer whose name is spoken in hushed tones around campfires. This rebel climber's pioneering ascents and lifestyle form an iconic legacy that continues to inspire generations. Bound by a silent pact, five students make a secret trip to the country for what seems to be an initiation ceremony. In threatening landscapes and abandoned ruins, they submit to the strange rituals of their leader, the Dux. When his father dies, Terry (Gary Sinese) returns to the house where he grew up, planning to stay only long enough to clean and settle the estate. Yet something indescribable keeps him there longer than expected. Soon, he is reunited with memories and people from his past and his life is changed forever. Dee, the detective serving Chinese empress Wu Zetian, is called upon to investigate a series of strange events in Loyang, including the appearance of mysterious warriors wearing Chiyou ghost masks, foxes that speak human language and the pillar sculptures in the palace coming alive. Sequel movie to the live-action Saki TV series.  Jonny Gold and his partner Popo Palupi were a pair of professional thieves. This time they got a job to kidnap a baby named Rafathar, who adopted by a wealthy family. One thing that they don't know, that the baby had some superpowers, telekinetic power that can manipulate metals. Things happens on the process of kidnapping, until Rafathar means something to Jonny dan Popo. Their journey slowly unfolds big conspiracies and the origins of Rafathar's powers. Two young boys must decide what is more important for them - duty or friendship. Eleven-year-old outsider Stephan arrives at Castle Schreckenstein, an all-boys boarding school, where he learns about life within a community and soon finds himself being part of a funny 'pranks-competition' the boys are currently fighting against the neighboring girls of Castle Rosenfels. When the girls have no choice but to move to Schreckenstein after a failed prank, life at school is suddenly nothing like it used to be... Adha Love is a commentary on the contemporary Nepali society and draws our attention to the evolving dynamics of relationships, which is slowly but certainly shaping the emergent understanding of urban life. The film is an unforgettable tour through the lives of five different families, who despite being the resident of the same apartment are living worlds apart, trying to untangle the threads of love and life to find meaning and contentment. This is the story of every individual, who is trying to find his/her share of love and happiness in a society, where both the things are in short supply. In a futuristic version of medieval Japan, a band of swordsmen battles an evil warlord and his mechanical army of ninjas, and are aided by a mysterious heroic cyborg ninja, Shiranui. When an evil spirit known as Pitch lays down the gauntlet to take over the world, the immortal Guardians must join forces for the first time to protect the hopes, beliefs and imagination of children all over the world. An insane scientist doing experimentation in glandular research becomes obsessed with transforming a female gorilla into a human...even though it costs human life. Leslie Zevo is a fun-loving inventor who must save his late father's toy factory from his evil uncle, Leland, a war-mongering general who rules the operation with an iron fist and builds weapons disguised as toys.  The year is 3394. The solar system has been long destroyed by a strange alien race called Gauna. Now humans are barely maintaining population in their seed ships - the ones they also used to escape a thousand years ago. After several years of drifting though space, Sidonia, a seed ship with a population of over 500,000 people, is once again threatened by Gauna. Follow Tanikaze Nagate, a mysterious young man from the deep corners of the ship, and his friends as they try to strike back against these gigantic creatures and at the same time learn what they really are for the sake of humanity's survival. -MAL A telepathic dog enlists a group of fun loving kids to help him solve a mystery. The K-9 detective leads the children down a road filled with action and adventure. Disaster strikes when a criminal mastermind reveals the identities of all active undercover agents in Britain. The secret service can now rely on only one man - Johnny English. Currently teaching at a minor prep school, Johnny springs back into action to find the mysterious hacker. For this mission to succeed, he'll need all of his skills - what few he has - as the man with yesterday's analogue methods faces off against tomorrow's digital technology. Featuring plenty of high-kicking, fist-flying action, this installment of the Kung Fu Theater collection presents Invincible Hero (1973), a martial arts classic from the vaults of Hong Kong cinema. Summoning his skills to defeat a troublesome local thug, a martial arts student (Barry Chan) emerges victorious. But when his enemy retaliates by trying to rape a female classmate, it's definitely time for a rematch. Chan Wai Lau and Liu Ping co-star. A romantic drama set in 1930's England, Paris, and Spain. Gilda Besse shares her Paris apartment with an Irish schoolteacher, Guy Malyon, and Mia, a refugee from Spain. As the world drifts toward war, Gilda defiantly pursues her hedonistic lifestyle and her burgeoning career as a photographer. But Guy and Mia feel impelled to join the fight against fascism, and the three friends are separated.  Wanderlust refers to the desire to wander, to explore the world, be free, and feel like a stranger in your surroundings. When the wanderlust takes over you, you know that the adventure has begun, but not where or when it ends. And how do you make a documentary without an end? This is one of the questions that directors Cristiana Pecci and Matteo Maggi ponder on his film The Fifth Sun. Taisho's father is a supermodel cat, and everybody believes that Taisho will be a supermodel as well. His family has great expectations of him, because he is the eldest son, but he can't bear all the pressure and runs away from home. Unfortunately, he has no clue how to survive on his own, having always been fed and pampered as a model cat. Taisho passes from one job to another, homeless, until he finds his place in a noodle shop, where he becomes a successful cook. A young blacksmith realizes his destiny when a malevolent demon bent on ruling the world unleashes an army of creatures on humanity. The inspiring true story of an accomplished open water swimmer's attempt to become the first woman to swim 30 miles through a stretch of cold, rough and shark-inhabited waters off of the San Francisco coast.  It's 1929 on the vast, desert-like, Eastern Arrernte Nation lands that are now known as the Central Australian outback. Sam Kelly, a middle-aged Aboriginal man, works the land of a kind preacher, Fred Smith. After an ill-tempered bully arrives in town and Kelly kills him in self-defence, he and his wife go on the run as a posse gathers to hunt him down. After an unnatural event leaves mankind nearly extinct, a runaway girl and a rogue bounty hunter brave a dangerous wilderness to find a fabled sanctuary that can either save or destroy what's left of humanity. Max Slim is inventor, but not the best. With all his findings, something is wrong. But when the rest of his brilliant inventors famile are taken to the annual inventions festival by their major competitor Teslison, Max is the only one who can save the Slim Family. Big in Japan is a comedic rock-and-roll road movie about struggling Seattle rock band, Tennis Pro, who decide to sell their tour-van and head to Tokyo for one last shot at acceptance Film detayi. A New York City man, Alex, takes an off-season trip to the Hamptons in attempt to escape his routine life in the city. While trying to spend his time relaxing, Alex ends up lost, putting him in contact with some life-changing locals during his night of adventures. Join the world renowned expert, Adrian Gilbert (a best-selling author of numerous books on the subject including The Orion Mystery), as he explores the world of the alchemists both ancient and modern. Gilbert discusses the symbols, Egypt, the Emerald Tablet, chemistry, the Black Mass, the Philosopher's Stone, Carl Jung, psychology and the shadow self. This film is a must for all those seeking wisdom. Did our ancestors understand more than us? All the answers and much more will be explained. This is uniquely filled with wisdom and insight that you'll be able to watch again and again. A must for all of those on the path to enlightenment. Part Nine of a series of Invisible College lectures, you'll want to collect the whole set. World Wide Multi Media brings you quality video content from around the globe. Maragadha Naanayam (Emerald Coin) is about two small-time smugglers who try to steal a highly valuable emerald artefact, which is believed to be cursed. To safeguard themselves from the evil spirit to whom the relic belongs, they seek the help of three ghosts! Abraham Levy is a Mexican adventurer who left behind his monotonous, normal life to explore nature and undertake impossible challenges. Pursuing his childhood dream, he decides to cross the Atlantic Ocean on his own, with only the help of his arms aboard a rowboat called Cascarita. Paris, France, early 19th century. The legendary convict Francois Vidocq lives in disguise trying to escape from a tragic past that torments him. When, after an unfortunate event, he crosses paths with the police chief, he makes a bold decision that will turn the ruthless mastermind of the Parisian underworld against him. Anida is a young artist who lives in a millinery floating circus traveling the harbors along with her best friend, Vincent the toad. She has great powers and is able to read the future through the person's hands, but she carries a bewitchment -she can't see her own past. The circus is under the command of Madame Justine, who allows nobody to leave her domains. And a mysterious magician arrives to live an impossible love. A dream of freedom, power and adventure will make Anida find her path and discover the secret that closes a story with the magic of the best tales. When Cleo - born on a very auspicious day in the Chinese calendar - turns 18, she finds out that the Chinese mafia murdered her father. Outraged, she goes to Athens' Chinatown to confront the killers but soon realizes that in order to take her revenge she first has to face her own dark destiny. Decades after serving in WWII and assassinating Adolf Hitler, a legendary American war veteran must now hunt down the fabled Bigfoot. Krash decides to throw his best buddy Barry an unforgettable birthday party. He contacts the DejaVu Agency, which organizes exciting time travel adventures. A cataclysmic accident occurs after the Kikoriki crew fail to follow the rules and scatter the group across time. Krash has to find and retrieve his friends through the ages with the help of his alter ego from another time and place, who materializes out of the rupture in the space-time continuum. Just when you thought the Kikoriki adventures couldn't get wilder, along comes this thrilling time travel adventure suitable for all ages across the globe. Rajaratham is an Indian romantic comedy With his true love captured by the villainous Sheriff of Nottingham, the legendary Robin Hood and his crew of outlaws execute a daring rescue to save her. Corey (Fred Savage) refuses to let his emotionally disturbed younger brother Jimmy (Luke Edwards) be institutionalized, and the two run away together. They soon join forces with a resourceful girl (Jenny Lewis), who notices that Jimmy has a special talent: he is a "wizard" at video games and can achieve the high score on absolutely everything he plays. Evading their parents and a sinister bounty hunter, the trio head for a climactic showdown at the national video game championships in California. An adventurous youngster sets out in search of a precious stone, somewhere in the forests of north east, accompanied by an archaeological survey team  Shortly after WWII an American soldier (Norman) and a Polish refugee (Emilia) fall in deep love. Eventually he will return to USA and both expect that she will soon follow him. Emilia's mother is sick but would recover by available medicine. Somehow the mother but not Emilia knows that there will only be one ticket. Realising that Emilia would never abandon her, the mother secretly throws away the daily doses given her by Emilia - and dies Escape from Alcatraz tells the story of the only three men ever to escape from the infamous maximum security prison at Alcatraz. In 29 years, the seemingly impenetrable federal penitentiary, which housed Al Capone and "Birdman" Robert Stroud, was only broken once - by three men never heard of again. John Smith is a mysterious stranger who is drawn into a vicious war between two Prohibition-era gangs. In a dangerous game, he switches allegiances from one to another, offering his services to the highest bidder. As the death toll mounts, Smith takes the law into his own hands in a deadly race to stay alive. Ten-year-old Jovan was born with partial cerebral palsy. Shy, self-conscious and without many friends, he often escapes in his imagination to a place where he is a crime-fighting superhero not limited by his own body. His world shifts when a new girl arrives in his class. Milica, not intimidated by much, chooses the seat next to Jovan and immediately enlists him to help her free her father from his girlfriend, whom she is convinced is a witch who has placed her father under a spell. Martial Arts student Yaozhu and his friends have to rescue two princesses from villains. Matti is 11 years old and dreams of a family vacation in his father's native country, Finland. He manages to get what he wants by telling a whopping lie. But once they get there, Matti, his younger brother Sami and his parents find themselves without a place to stay, no money and no car in the middle of Finnish wilderness. Only a miracle can save them - or Uncle Jussi, who has been struggling to compete with Matti's father his whole life. This movie based on Salah Naoura's award-winning children book offers entertainment for people of all ages. A girl named Mika decides to go on a road trip to look for aliens. During her trip, she accidentally bumps into Caloy whom she gives a free ride to until he reaches his destination. Mika then finds out that Caloy has cancer but despite it, he has learned to accept his fate. Both embark on a journey filled with adventures and misadventures not knowing they would fall in love with each other along the way. Francisco and his closest friends play on a soccer team that has reached its lowest point. They've got to win one of the next three games to keep the school from cutting their team altogether. A series of strange events take place in the first two games. Coincidence? Conspiracy? Francisco and his friends decide to create The Footballest, an investigative team that will get them into all kinds of adventures, where their ingenuity and their friendships will be put to the test. A friendship with a top-secret robot turns a lonely girl's life into a thrilling adventure as they take on bullies, evil bots and a scheming madman. A chief mechanic at a factory, haunted by apocalyptic nightmares, becomes a hero when Earth is invaded by a mysterious army bent on destruction.  Life flows peacefully in Vinci: Leonardo is struggling with his incredible inventions, Lorenzo helps him and Gioconda observes them mockingly. When A mysterious storyteller comes to town and speaks of a hidden treasure, an adventure begins. Georg "Schorsch" Kempter is a gardener in a small Bavarian town, working day-in, day-out in his nursery, which is facing bankruptcy. He doesn't like to talk much. He never has. His marriage has long lost all its magic and on top of that, he has trouble to connect with his daughter. Only when he is flying in his own rickety biplane, Schorsch feels truly free. When the owner of the local golf course tries to cheat Schorsch for his money, claiming the shade of green of the grass Schorsch has planted on the golf course is not right, insolvency seems unavoidable. So just when his airplane is about to be impounded, Schorsch grabs the control stick and flies away in an attempt to save his plane and himself. He embarks onto a journey into the unknown, to places he has never seen before, full of odd and special encounters - and with every take-off and every landing, this tough man's heart slowly warms up to what you might call an idea of happiness. Earth has become the Apes playground and humans are used for labor and sport. Mankind's last stand will come from Rebel Freedom Fighters. The cage door opens and the revolt begins in this exciting sequel to Empire of the Apes. But, Simians are deadly foes.  En route to a party they are not keen on attending, the Famous Five are almost relieved when Aunt Fanny's car breaks down, stranding them in a small town. To pass the time, they visit the local natural history museum, where some newly-discovered dinosaur bones are being unveiled. Here they meet Marty, who tells them that his father, long dead, supposedly found a complete dinosaur skeleton and made a map of its whereabouts. Unfortunately the map has been stolen. Unable to let a good mystery go unsolved, George, Julian, Dick, Anne and Timmy, join a guided hike through the Valley of Dinosaurs. But their fact-finding mission soon turns into a race to find the dinosaur when they suspect that the thief is one of the group. Team 5 revolves around a gang of bikers who are into racing and stunts. Akhil (S.Sreesant) who is the back bone of this gang participates in racing tournaments all around the city along with his gang mates.Team 5 provide tough competition to their rival gang Road Rollers which is headed by Alby (Sumesh Krishnan). Akhil's life takes a dramatic turn when he falls in love with an event manager "Irene"(Nikki Galrani). Pearle Maaney and Makarand DeshPande also play important roles in this film. Navy Lt. Tom Farrell meets a young woman, Susan Atwell , and they share a passionate fling. Farrell then finds out that his superior, Defense Secretary David Brice, is also romantically involved with Atwell. When the young woman turns up dead, Farrell is put in charge of the murder investigation. He begins to uncover shocking clues about the case, but when details of his encounter with Susan surface, he becomes a suspect as well. An outlaw with a mysterious past must race against a shady treasure hunter to unearth a long lost Spanish shipwreck rumored to have sunk in one of the idyllic bays on the southern Sardinian coastline. Bombay Summer explores the fleeting and delicate friendship between three young people in Mumbai, India. The film follows their journey of discovery, love and loss. A French man and his Polish wife undertake a long trip to India to make a film about the need for spirituality in the 21st century, and to understand the spiritual attraction of India on Western travelers. But, throughout the journey, the contradictions in their expectations will reveal tensions between Mathieu and Anna. A 6 month road trip, mixing animation and documentary, during which Mathieu will question himself about the meaning of the couple and love. Kakababu and Sontu will unravel the mystery of the legendary beast, the Yeti (Snowman) in this film. Gorokhshep plateau is the new destination where the uncle-nephew duo will be facing harsh circumstances in the process of unravelling the actual truth behind the attacks by the giant beast. The quest introduces them to new characters such as Mingma and Norbu, local sherpas, who help them in the expedition. Their adventure leads them to discovering the mystery of the Yeti. A random group of people wake up on an Island where they are being hunted down in a sinister plot to harvest their organs. In an alternative Victorian Age Gotham City, Batman begins his war on crime while he investigates a new series of murders by Jack the Ripper. Detective Ben Nolan is sent to investigate the story of a convicted prostitute and known drug dealer Linda Grossel. Linda explains that she was kidnapped and held captive for weeks. As the investigation unfolds, Linda's sanity is put to question, leaving Ben to decide whether to go on with the investigation or leave Linda to the fate of the prison system. With the help of her delivery-boy friend, Dilili, a young Kanak, investigates a spate of mysterious kidnappings of young girls that is plaguing Belle Epoque Paris.  In the course of her investigation she encounters a series of extraordinary characters, each of whom provides her with clues that will help her in her quest. Russian people are passing before us during an endless train journey in winter. We lose ourselves in their speeches, gestures, faces, eyes. Anecdotes turn into admissions. Memory invades the compartment and seizes the empty spaces of the present. The train continues through the snow, cold and grey fog... An infinite film existing somewhere between the ephemeral and the eternal. Everyone in Tommy's life -- his sister, his dad, his neighbor, even his dog -- is an awesome skateboarder. Everyone except Tommy himself! Sick of getting teased for being a klutz, Tommy accepts a skate-off challenge from the local bully Frankie. Can his friend Alice and his pooch, Buddy, teach Tommy to flip, ollie, grab, and slide in time for the big showdown? 14-year-old Ella is determined to travel the length of the Inside Passage, along the shores of the Great Bear Rainforest by kayak in order to testify against a proposed pipeline that would see oil tanker traffic through her beloved homeland waters. With no wet-suit, no breaks, or physical support, Rachel Horn swims the Santa Barbara Channel to help the Special Olympics. Cannes Festival 1991 Born to a poor farming family in Brittany, Becassine finds work as a nanny with the Marquise de Grand-Air who has recently adopted a lovely baby named Loulotte. A strong bond develops between Becassine and Loulotte, and life is sweet, until the Grand-Airs are threatened with financial ruin... Can Becassine save the day? Naive, funny, dreamy, optimistic, loving, Becassine is also inventive, courageous and always ready to handle any situation in her own unique way - a superheroine like no other. Cesar-winner Bruno Podalydes returns with a family movie adapted from the beloved French comic book Becassine. Lily's life is turned upside down when she is forced to leave her friends to spend the summer on a remote ranch with her nature-loving aunt. She is surprised to meet an unlikely group of friends and Pistachio, the horse she has an unbreakable bond with. When her aunt is threatened by unfriendly neighbors, Lily knows it is up to her to save the ranch. A road movie about two very different brothers who have not seen each other for 20 years: city manager Christian  and cabinetmaker Georg, who never left their hometown and took care of their father until his passing.  After their fathers funeral, the brothers decide on a whim, and with some help from the alcohol, to fulfil their old dream: travel trough Germany together on their mopeds. A police officer who's transfered in the police of Marseille gets assigned to take down a group of Italian robbers who drive the powerfull Ferrari's with the older niece of Daniel, a terrible driver who gets the legendary white taxi.  The documentary follows Oleg, Andrey, and other long-distance truck drivers from all over Russia, who turned their outrage against the 2015 bill that required truckers to pay taxes when driving on federal roads into a 9 month long protest. Ringo and Freddie, two 16 year teenagers from upstate New York, hitchhike to Florida in 1966, the summer before the "Summer of Love," to see an old girlfriend. They don't make it but they battle with segregation, discrimination, injustice, almost get killed by rednecks, and learn about an underground community in Baltimore where Ringo falls for someone else. In the ancient forest of Soza, a fighter, a thief and a hermit go searching for a magical sword that can control minds. After getting fired from his current job as a pilot and dumped by his current wife, he seeks to find a new job. Out of desperation on the job market he disguises himself as a woman in order to get a job from Silver, a company seeking a female pilot. The lines between his female and male life as well as his personal and love life starts to become a blur which he eventually cannot handle. An extremely wealthy elderly man dying from cancer undergoes a radical medical procedure that transfers his consciousness to the body of a healthy young man but everything may not be as good as it seems when he starts to uncover the mystery of the body's origins and the secret organization that will kill to keep its secrets. Helene Moskiewicz, a young Jewish woman living in pre-World War II Belgium, is forced to suffer through German occupation by watching her parents arrested and her life destroyed. To fight back, Regine joins the underground resistance movement and strikes the Nazis from within...by joining the infamous Gestapo. An eight-year-old Sunny Gill has always had a blocked nose, and therefore, no sense of smell. A freak accident gives Sunny the most refined sense of smell ever. The entire dog squad of the country's police force cannot sniff what he can. But is that enough for Sunny and his young pals Google and Twitter to combat a menacing & ruthless gang of car thieves? What starts out with tracing a single missing car in the housing society, ends up busting the heftiest car racket in the country. No villain could ever be as unlikely. But then, neither could the gang of detectives!  In the conditioning unit of a small chestnut can factory in a quiet little country village as winter slowly settles, a young ladybug gets trapped by accident in a cardboard box shipped to the Caribbean. His parent sets off for the paradise archipelago  to find his little kid and free him.  Once he finally makes it there, our hero finds himself entrusted with a double mission: find his offspring and save his new Caribbean ladybug friends' home threatened by a human construction site. Thankfully our hero will be able to count on his friend the black ant that flies to the rescue from the other side of the world. Lara Croft is on her first adventure on the island of Yamatai trying to solve the mystery of queen Himiko and fighting her way through the groups of hostile Solarii in order to save her best friend Sam Nishimura. The Alaska Effect: a shortform, run-and-gun style piece that is one part odd, two parts ice- a Good Enough documentary film. When Elias van Dorne, CEO of the world's largest robotics company, introduces his most powerful invention, Kronos-a super-computer designed to end all wars-it determines that humans are the biggest threat and launches a worldwide attack on mankind. A small band of survivors must form an unlikely alliance to survive the greatest artificial intelligence threat man will ever know. After a group of biologists discovers a huge network of unexplored caves in Romania and, believing it to be an undisturbed eco-system that has produced a new species, they hire the best American team of underwater cave explorers in the world. While exploring deeper into the underwater caves, a rockslide blocks their exit, and they soon discover a larger carnivorous creature has added them to its food chain. The Scorpion King teams up with a female warrior named Tala, who is the sister of The Nubian King. Together they search for a legendary relic known as The Book of Souls, which will allow them to put an end to an evil warlord. A story of encounters and partings interwoven between people; this is a human drama with feelings that touch one's heart gradually, which everyone has experienced at least once.  A possessed Ninja doll teams up with a teenage boy to avenge the murder of a poor child factory worker. A young man invites a group of his closest friends to a party, where he proceeds to discreetly kill them all. In 2007, when NBA referee Tim Donaghy got caught betting on games he worked, he said two men associated with the Gambino crime family - a bookie named Baba Battista and a drug dealer named Tommy Martino - threatened to kill his family if he didn't give them gambling picks. That's what Donaghy told the FBI, that's what he told 60 Minutes, and that's what he testified in court. But that's not what really happened. That's not even close. INSIDE GAME is the untold true story of one of the biggest scandals in sports history. It's the year 3000 and a nuclear war has turned the earth into a desert wasteland. A group of survivors living in a cave run out of water and desperately need to locate a new supply. The last guy they sent out to find water never returned, and now his 10 year old son Timmy wants to join the next search team. They think they know where there's an untapped well of water, but to get there they have to travel through dangerous terrain controlled by a savage gang of motorcyclists under the bloodthirsty reign of 'Crazy Bull'. On their mission, Timmy and his team run into a lonesome stranger named Alien (Robert Iannucci) who may be able to help them against the marauding motorcyclists. Can the struggling survivors looking for water in this barren world defeat Crazy Bull and his exterminating minions? Hang on tight - the battle has just begun! Two inept, small-town Sheriff's Deputies catch an escaped prisoner that they believe was wrongly convicted. Do Not Resist is an exploration of the rapid militarization of the police in the United States. Opening on startling on-the-scene footage in Ferguson, Missouri, the film then broadens its scope to present scenes from across the country. Romaric was born in Brazzaville, Republic of the Congo, but grew up in Paris, far from the power failure and power shortage. After thirty years, he returns to his native land and through his eyes one of the Congolese energy challenges is highlighted. Risking his life, Luke ventures to Rome to visit Paul -- the apostle who's bound in chains and held captive in Nero's darkest and bleakest prison cell. Haunted by the shadows of his past misdeeds, Paul wonders if he's been forgotten as he awaits his grisly execution. Before Paul's death, Luke resolves to write another book that details the birth of what will come to be known as the church. Fellini exposes his great attraction for the clowns and the world of the circus first recalling a childhood experience when the circus arrives nearby his home. Then he joins his crew and travel from Italy to Paris chasing the last greatest European clowns still live in these countries. He also meets Anita Ekberg trying to buy a panther in a circus. Halvdan is not a proper Viking. He's having a limp and is regarded by the other kids as a strange loner with no friends, except for the village blacksmith Bjorn who's taken care of him since Halvdan's father left on a plundering trip. Across the mighty river there's an enemy village that has been in a feud with Halvdan's tribe for as long as anyone can remember. One day during Halvdan's lonely excursions to the river he encounters Meia, the daughter of the enemy village ruler. A heart-warming and funny family adventure about bridging differences and forbidden friendship unfolds In Romania, four young people meet a lost traveler. They decide to follow the same path. Through various landscapes and local encounters, their adventure transports us to the Carpathians and describe a drifting generation. The adventures of two completely different in nature beasts - a serious and economic Beaver and restless Cat. They meet when the cat is looking for shelter from the rain in the forest. The beaver rescues the Cat, and they become bosom friends. The cat really wants to become famous and believes that everyone wants to become famous, but not everyone can admit it. One day the life of this couple changes abruptly when aliens from a distant galaxy land in the forest. Jimmie Adams and Sid Smith comedy produced by Jack White and distributed by Educational. Scott Pilgrim is a 23 year old radical Canadian gamer and wannabe rockstar who falls in love with an American delivery girl, Ramona Flowers, and must defeat her seven evil exes to be able to date her. Trained in the skills of sea power, Pi the fish can fight a shark, sink a squid or batter any random predator that ever threatens his friends and neighbors on the reef. Unfortunately, being the only hero in town can take its toll, especially when a group of sharks declares that the end of the reef is soon at hand. The duo from the popular detective series gets their first serious job. The Hammurabi Contest stands a chance of becoming a great event at the school in Valleby. The prize is an ancient book containing the rules of solving disputes. Short before the contest starts, the book disappears in mysterious circumstances. Without the book, the contest will not take place! All the effort and dedication of pupils would be for nothing, and the school would lose its prestige. Jerry and Maja are involved from the very beginning, trying to find the lost book. Will the kids find the underlying cause of the case? A white dove will help them solve the mystery... Your little princess will want to follow her dreams as she tags along on an adventure with two of Disney's most popular princesses in this new animated fairy tale. Aurora, star of the beloved classic Sleeping Beauty, and Jasmine, from the Academy Award-winning film Aladdin, journey to faraway lands and make new discoveries about themselves. In a California desert town, a short-order cook with clairvoyant abilities encounters a mysterious man with a link to dark, threatening forces. Set in South Africa's rural Great-Karoo region in the 1950's this epic existential-adventure film chronicles the exploits of the outlaw John Kepe and the various individuals his escapades affected. This Robin-hood-esque figure would steal primarily livestock from the white settler farmers, terrorizing them for over a decade. Led by the hardliner General Botha, a mammoth manhunt ensues in the very mountain where Kepe was rumored to occupy a Noah's Ark like cave. This spectacle ingratiated Kepe in the hearts of the marginalized indigenous-population who turn Kepe's miscreant deeds into the stuff of legend making him a threat to the very fabric of the colonial society. Sew the Winter to my Skin is a thrilling, operatic ride into the heart of Pre-Apartheid South Africa and is a visceral exploration of the effects of the colonial displacement that sewed the seeds for one of the most viciously racist, political regimes in history. Working in Dr. Cranley's laboratory, scientist Jack Griffin was always given the latitude to conduct some of his own experiments. His sudden departure, however, has Cranley's daughter Flora worried about him. Griffin has taken a room at the nearby Lion's Head Inn, hoping to reverse an experiment he conducted on himself that made him invisible. But the experimental drug has also warped his mind, making him aggressive and dangerous. He's prepared to do whatever it takes to restore his appearance. Plant pot dropped from the sky.  What is Detroit and what is Ukulele?  The forgotten story of Martin and Osa Johnson, rebel filmmakers and Kansas natives who made some of the first films in Africa in times when filming itself was more dangerous than lions or malaria. When William Conroy (Rob Lowe), a former college professor, is sentenced to life in prison for vehicular manslaughter it seems his life is over. But when a fellow inmate tells him that in the past two years fourteen inmates have died at the prison, and then turns up dead the next day, Conroy realizes he is in more danger than he ever imagined. Conroy's suspicions are confirmed when the van carrying the inmates crashes. Seizing the opportunity, Conroy flees the scene and elicits the help of his lawyer. What the two discover is a grisly murder ring set up within the prison walls that incriminates those at the highest levels of the correctional system. Fearless and full of laughter. Captain Sharky and his lively crew are off to exciting and frightening adventures where they learn that there is more than being the most fearsome pirate - being a good friend.  As a new day begins in the town of Silverton, its residents have little reason to believe it will be anything other than ordinary. Mother Nature, however has other plans. In the span of just a few hours, an unprecedented onslaught of powerful tornadoes ravages Silverton. Storm trackers predict that the worst is still to come, as terrified residents seek shelter, and professional storm-chasers run toward the danger, hoping to study the phenomenon close up and get a once-in-a-lifetime shot.  After his wife falls under the influence of a drug dealer, an everyday guy transforms himself into Crimson Bolt, a superhero with the best intentions, though he lacks for heroic skills. A pleasant road trip takes a nightmarish turn for gemologist Sunny George when he meets with an accident. As his life hangs in the balance on the edge of a cliff in the middle of nowhere, Sunny must not only contend with the great adversity he is in, but the adversaries lurking in the shadows as well. Tech entrepreneur Jimmy Van Horn arrives in China armed with an invention and confidence, only to learn that being American is not enough to succeed. This is the story of the shy Mongol boy Temujin who,during the 13th century, becomes the fearless Mongol leader Genghis Khan that unites all Mongol tribes and conquers India,China,Persia,Korea and parts of Rusia,Europe and Middle-East. The film follows Kamala, a young woman from Chitkul village and her girl child Manya, who embarks on a journey leaving their native land in search for her missing husband. Along this journey she encounters Nawazudin, a free spirited army deserter who helps them to get to their destination with his own selfish motive. Namya is on a journey with a goat to fulfil his mothers dreams. But the notorious goat won't make the journey easy. Set in beautiful landscapes of Western India, is a story about friendship, humanity, sacrifice and wisdom.   Happy Journey is a 2014 Marathi drama film directed by Sachin Kundalkar and produced by Sanjay Chhabria under the banner of Everest Entertainment. It features actors Atul Kulkarni and Priya Bapat in the lead roles. The story revolves around the relationship of a brother and his sister's ghost. A pair of women, one pregnant, face the myriad dangers of a post-nuclear winter world. They are searching for a rumored stronghold of civilization, known only as The Library, and must find it if the infant is to have any chance of survival.  Opportunistic jerk Mark Sanders is forced to join Gleahan of Eastvale, a delusional man who thinks he lives in a fantasy world. Together, they go on a quest to defeat the "Dark Lord" who apparently rules Duluth. But as Mark delves deeper into Gleahan's fantasy, it becomes clear just how real -- and insane -- Gleahan's plight truly is. A group of former mercenaries reunite to plan an epic heist: boosting a truck full of medicine held by a foreign intelligence agency to supply a refugee camp in need. But when they find the truck is actually filled with stolen gold, the band of brothers realize they've been double-crossed by one of their own - and putting the situation right will be all out war. A newspaper photographer, Jean, researches the lurid and sensational axe murder of two women in 1873 as an editorial tie-in with a brutal modern double murder. She discovers a cache of papers that appear to give an account of the murders by an eyewitness. Cal Weaver is living the American dream. He has a good job, a beautiful house, great children and a beautiful wife, named Emily. Cal's seemingly perfect life unravels, however, when he learns that Emily has been unfaithful and wants a divorce. Over 40 and suddenly single, Cal is adrift in the fickle world of dating. Enter, Jacob Palmer, a self-styled player who takes Cal under his wing and teaches him how to be a hit with the ladies. Chi earned her American dream after persevering with her studies in Taiwan. Following her grandmothers' death, Chi returns to her family on Happiness Road, where she begins to feel nostalgic about her childhood and starts to contemplate the meaning of "life" and "home". What is happiness? Will Chi find her own happiness? The new adventures of the three heroes and, of course, the horse Yuliya!!!!. Where will the fate of the fairy tale heroes, who have fallen in love with them still go, what challenges do they have to overcome, that will help them defeat the dark forces? We will find out about this very soon. A brother and sister who befriend a badly sunburned dolphin separated from his family and uncover a secret plan that could destroy the beach and their new friend's home. The kids must devise a clever plan to stop the bad guys, protect the sea life, and, most importantly, save their best friend, Bernie. Having to leave Melbourne in a hurry to avoid various marriage proposals, two song-and-dance men sign on for work as divers. This takes them to an idyllic island on the way to Bali where they vie with each other for the favours of Princess Lala. The hazardous dive produces a chest of priceless jewels which arouses the less romantic interest of some shady locals. Five friends are disappointed about the way their favorite hangout Malarvaadi Arts Club is headed. They take the responsibility of reviving the club in their own hands. In this modern adaptation of the ancient Persian poet Ferdowsi's epic drama, the puppets set out in search of Rostam, an ancient hero who was abducted. After great hardship they rescue ancient heroes' puppets that are facing crisis due to a conspiracy by modern robot toys'. Adopting a frame story structure, the film unfolds tales of the puppets appearing in the puppet show in several different layers. Narratively, on one axis it attempts a modernized restoration of the traditional puppet show, on the verge of disappearing, while on the other axis it awakens the ancient spirit of the times, through all the ancient heroes on parade. Tradition and modernity, heroes and villains are not opponents, but harmonize in the film. The puppet shows begin with rap and dance, and actual images and animation are intertwined. Fantasy and reality co-exist in this interesting work in which all the great Iranian heroes appear. Ultimately, it is a heart-warming film that shows harmony and love. An emotionally troubled teenager gets into a passionate relationship with the older French woman working in his father's house. Africa, Europe - Europe and Africa: Surfers live differently on each continent and Africa marks a special place - as surfing is in many places at its very beginnings. 'Beyond - An African Surf Documentary' follows locals along the coast of Morocco, Western Sahara, Mauritania, Senegal and Gambia into their homes, visits their home surf spots and takes a look into their surfing lives. Three months of shooting culminated in a 111 minute long episodic journey on a continent, that has the potential to be the next big thing in surfing. Claudia and Felipe can't be any more different. Only a zombie apocalypse could bring them together. A hilarious love story set in zombie times. Claudia, Felipe, a drunkard and a security guard must escape Lima together in search of safety. A group of seemingly unrelated individuals fight their way out of a virus-infested hotel, only to find themselves at a worse place than before. It is Hallowaiian on the Big Island of Hawaii, so excitement and mischief are in the air. Three young friends, Kai, Eddie and Leilani uncover a mysterious idol in a secret cave whilst catching some waves at sunset. They quickly uncover that they've unleashed an ancient evil upon the island in the form of a giant pineapple-headed monster. The kids find help in some mystical friends and discover that in order to vanquish the evil, Kai must uncover his heritage, and believe the ancient stories of his ancestors. Teenage secret agents must travel to the past and stop an evil doctor from creating a virus that wipes out all life in the future. The film tells the story of Bruno, who drives his motor scooter through the streets of Buenos Aires, making deliveries to the premises of "Extraordinary Objects" of his uncles. His friends wait for him to start the weekend but an unexpected accident with a relative changes his plans. Bruno starts a weekend of adventures, which will involve a scientist, a girl with unusual beauty, a group of aliens who love human flesh and an eccentric modern artist. The career of the once successful classical portraitist, Kingdom Swann, has hit bad times. When a leading gallery rejects his work, he seems at the point of giving up. It is only the support of his housekeeper, Violet Askey, that keeps him going and it is she who encourages him to switch to photography. Soon Swann has developed a healthy (and respectable) business with portraits of naked women in classical and exotic settings. However, the nature of Swann's new work is open to misinterpretation and he finds himself at the centre of a scandal involving the misuse of his pictures by a SOHO pornographer, and the focus of a campaign by suffragettes against the expoitation of women. At the same time, he loses the support of the loyal Violet, who leaps to the wrong conclusion about Swann's relationship with one of his models. When Violet then becomes involved in the suffragette and amti-pornography movements, it seems all may be lost for Swann - both professionally...and personally. The Yorozuya gang returns to protect the country's shogun when the Shinsengumi police force finds itself in a crisis. An elderly comedian is buried up to his neck in the Mexican desert. A bitter young woman threatens to pulp his head with a nail bat; the only thing that can stall her are his stories of a mythical threshold behind which lies the absolute truth. Is she in his dream or he in hers? Or were they once the Bonnie-and-Clyde-like couple we keep seeing, exacting their revenge on the world? The film -- executive produced by rapper Kanye West -- follows character OG, played by Damon Dash, in a saga that flips between his dedication to his family and honoring his street code all at the same time.  On the dark streets of Draiga, a mining colony occupied by the Visray Empire, lives Azura, the last of a fearsome warrior race known as the Sarnians. After witnessing her once beautiful home world turn into a lifeless husk, Azura must fight to the death in the gladiatorial ring to stay alive. Meanwhile, a group of human freedom fighters form a resistance, seeking to try and protect their families from the oppressive and cruel rule of the Visray Section Commander Sorrentine. Unbeknownst to Azura, the fate of all humans on Draiga is about to rest in her hands. Can she survive long enough to save her colony? He is on the run... But the hunters are not so far behind... Seven kids will be called to be heroes. After accidentally finding out the plans of an evil corporation, the GadgetGents, to hack everyone's phones, these kids will have to defend their homes, their lives and the world. Luckily there is a ninja, a cowboy, a viking, two crafty sisters, two talented brothers and an Arsenal. Friends and family gather around the death bed of Gavin, where they assist in the dying man's suicide. But though Gavin's pain has been laid to rest, the grief felt by everyone there has only begun, and Walking on Water compassionately follows the attempts of Gavin's closest friends Anna (Maria Theodorakis) and Charlie (Vince Colosimo) to recover from their loss. From the Rajasthan desert to the big city of Kolkata, reggae-loving busker Filippo Mase, a.k.a. 'Miserable Man', crosses paths with many characters: fellow musicians, spiritual seekers and street kids. From the origins of Mase's 'Miserable Man' persona in the bitter chill of a European winter, the documentary follows the musician's return to India -- where he's previously spent several years -- and observes contrasting elements of Indian society: contemporary and traditional, East and West, ethics and aesthetics. 12-year-old Sue is a lone wolf. Due to a potion invented by her mother, she is suddenly able to become invisible. But when mum is kidnapped, Sue will need the help of her new friends Tobi and App to rescue her mother and hunt down the criminals. A Danish teacher takes a job in Greenland and tries to overcome the animosity of the tight-knit locals through a series of errors that help him embrace the snow-covered life. 20 years before, a middle-aged man lost his way in the mysterious deep forest in the midnight. After several days, he came back to village. However, as some strange things happened in the village, villagers thought the man was haunted by ghosts. After 20 years, the man had become the boss of a small restaurant, but he was still immersed in his horrible memory 20 years before. Afterwards, many mysterious things happened one after another. Therefore , Feifan, an editor ,his girlfriend Shuya, a hypnotist and their friends decided to go to the forest and uncover the truth 20 years before, and the man acted as their guide. Chronicles the adventures of men and women who are fueled by a zest for life which springs forth from a passion for their art. This animated short by Norman McLaren is a publicity message for a war bond campaign. Symbols, a stick man and lettering are drawn directly on 35mm film stock and synchronized with a brass band rendition of Sousa's march "The Thunderer." A century after the Wicked Witch, the Emerald City is at the mercy of a once-revered hero, and salvation comes from the wrench of young Victoria Wright. Rediscover old friends and meet new heroes in this new tale set in the Land of Oz. In the near future, the economy has collapsed and the country has turned into a ghetto. A secret agency, Gokuraku, has been created by the government. Secret agents Aya and Chinatsu's mission is to fight against one of the largest international companies, Kuroda Group. Secret agents are called 'Lady Ninja', and they use a traditional Japanese umbrella-like tool called 'sangoku' to defeat evil. A group of high schoolers try to spend their last night together before they Graduate but are interrupted by a KNOCK at the door. When they answer the door, they find a doll, and a clue telling them how to survive the night. At first, they don't suspect anything until it results in one of them being brutally murdered, leaving behind another clue. A young boy wins a tour through the most magnificent chocolate factory in the world, led by the world's most unusual candy maker. A film crew discovers the "eighth wonder of the world," a giant prehistoric ape, and brings him back to New York, where he wreaks havoc. In a remote and dark place in the outback of Western Australia, the wanted man Leon Murphey (Ben Mortley) leaves his family in a bid to ensure their safety. While being transported by Captain Dalton (Michael Muntz), Leon's daughter is captured by the cruel Maitland (Steve Turner). The journey soon becomes a chaotic tale of revenge and murder within the ever-changing terrain of Western Australia. All Might and Deku accept an invitation to go abroad to a floating and mobile manmade city, called 'I Island', where they research quirks as well as hero supplemental items at the special 'I Expo' convention that is currently being held on the island. During that time, suddenly, despite an iron wall of security surrounding the island, the system is breached by a villain, and the only ones able to stop him are the students of Class 1-A. Set in Ireland, a family moves to a new city neighborhood, taking residence in a large, old house that is rumored to have a dodgy past. An epic journey, faithfully adapted to modern-day. Christian faces distractions, challenges, and perils at every turn of the way. But ends victorious, with helpful guides, as he stays on the narrow path to the distant Celestial City. Director Franco Zeffirelli's beloved version of one of the most well-known love stories in the English language. Romeo Montague and Juliet Capulet fall in love against the wishes of their feuding families. Driven by their passion, the young lovers defy their destiny and elope, only to suffer the ultimate tragedy.  Follow Alex Honnold as he attempts to become the first person to ever free solo climb Yosemite's 3,000 foot high El Capitan wall. With no ropes or safety gear, this would arguably be the greatest feat in rock climbing history. NATO bombs Belgrad March 1999. June: Serb army pulls out of Kosovo. Some Muslims believe they can now plunder, rape and kill Serbs in Kosovo. 5 Russians are to take Kosovo's airport from such bandits and hold it until peacekeepers arrive. The movie for Non Non Biyori series, the story about the vacation trip. An outlaw band flees a posse and rides into Refuge, a small town where no one carries a gun, drinks, or swears. The town is actually Purgatory, and the peaceful inhabitants are all famous dead outlaws and criminals such as Doc Holiday and Wild Bill Hickok who must redeem themselves before gaining admittance to Heaven...or screw up and go to Hell. Fishtronaut, Marina and Zeek travel to the big city in search of Grandpa, only to find that everyone else has mysteriously vanished too. Personal Stories of Black South African Lesbians in a political landscape. Gritty adaption of William Shakespeare's play about the English King's bloody conquest of France. Mina narrates the story to the audience. She is no more and her husband stays with their son in Singapore. They have no contact with her family as she had married against her family's wish. Four policemen go undercover and infiltrate a gang of football hooligans hoping to route out their leaders. For one of the four, the line between 'job' and 'yob' becomes more unclear as time passes . . . Young bootblack Tupah embarks on a frantic quest to find his uncle, Jacinto, lost in the Averno. In a dangerous journey through the underworld, myth and reality get endlessly intertwined and the death-loaded night in La Paz unveils the darkest and most surreal face of the imaginary of the Andes. Dan and Phil's stage show "The Amazing Tour Is Not On Fire" comes to YouTube as a live performance movie on October 5th!  Inspired by the best of their videos, live and interactive with a real audience--along with some surprises you'll never see coming. Clara wakes up in Mexico determined to turn the aesthetic abuse of the fewly privileged against the privileged few. Still, there's something undeniably seductive about the euro-to-peso exchange rate and the promise of an easier life. But as life is growing easier, Clara realises her project is growing more complicated. Torn between self-reflection and self-mockery, her idea of the role of the artist begins to slip, and it becomes unclear whether her characters are willing participants or unknowing victims... To make things worse, her camera man starts to have his own opinions. Kaatteri is an upcoming tamil comedy horror movie, written and directed by Deekay, The coordinates of an old satellite from India, Mihira, are lost with the potential for it to wreak havoc with communications worldwide. Astronaut Dev's life was turned upside down five years ago and he now teaches science at a government school. He's brought in to fix the satellite but is that the only reason he agrees to come back? The movie "Seventy-seven Days" is based on the authentic stories of exploration writer Yang Ysong-Song 77 days alone through the Qiangtang no man's land. Movie, lost in the life of the self-man hovering in the snow-capped heights of no man's land, the film is still optimistic about life disability, she let him firm to try unmanned eyes of people in the world can not be done Fantasy adventure trip ... ... two very real state of the true character, in good faith, courage to face the fate of choice challenges, tireless pursuit of the original inner dreams and true self ... the film in the rhythm, picture, tension will give The audience's strong visual impact allows the audience to follow the hero through an unparalleled adventure trip. Join Director Jay Schweitzer on a historical journey across the globe that documents the most progressive dirt bike riding of all time. The Argentine-Paraguay coproduction.  After a sudden explosion at Edge of Ocean island in Tokyo, Toru Amuro, codename Zero, begins to investigate. Meanwhile, private eye Kogoro is arrested as a suspect, so Conan Edogawa conducts his own investigation to prove his innocence, but Amuro stands in his way. A cat named Blanket has long been living in a high-rise apartment in the city with his son, Cloak. One day, curious about the outside world, Cloak decides to leave home and embarks on an adventure to find the legendary cat's paradise. To find his son, Blanket must overcome his fear and reconcile with his past, with the help of a female Macaw. Norm and his oldest son travel back to New York to receive the key to the city. The story of the post World War II Jewish refugee situation from liberation to the establishment of the modern state of Israel. At some point all parents and even teachers have to deal with rebellious teens and troubled children. This is exactly where our journey starts. In a desperate attempt to get two opposing groups of troubled teens back on track, they are sent away to Donkerhoek Bootcamp, set just outside Pretoria.  The troubled teens are in for a rude awakening when they are welcomed by a guide straight out of a Western. Upliftment programmes, discipline and growing to respect one another are just some of the challenges that face them.  The newcomers, surrounded by the unknown, are forced to share rooms with their rivals and in true trouble-fashion; chaos and a battle for power amongst the different ethnic groups ensue. Added to this battle of will, another layer of intrigue is added as only one girl was sent along on this forced expedition. Love might be in the air, but is it always what it seems? When the world's best spy is turned into a pigeon, he must rely on his nerdy tech officer to save the world. The story follows Allahyar, a young and mischievous boy who ends up dealing with circumstances he never thought possible. The movie aims to shed light on the preservation and illegal hunting of wildlife.  An exploration of the dead-ends in downtown Paris juxtaposed with the endless roads of Russia, as a metaphor to the lives of their inhabitants. A musical of techno loops, boundless tracks of humans in transit. Earth is peaceful following the Tournament of Power. Realizing that the universes still hold many more strong people yet to see, Goku spends all his days training to reach even greater heights. Then one day, Goku and Vegeta are faced by a Saiyan called 'Broly' who they've never seen before. The Saiyans were supposed to have been almost completely wiped out in the destruction of Planet Vegeta, so what's this one doing on Earth? This encounter between the three Saiyans who have followed completely different destinies turns into a stupendous battle, with even Frieza (back from Hell) getting caught up in the mix. The unlikely pairing of a spoiled millionaire venture capitalist scouting for extreme wedding tour locations and a grounded science photographer en route to chronicle the Aurora Australis lights face the ultimate 75 day test for survival and redemption after their twin engine craft crashes during a debilitating snowstorm over the vast desolate nether-regions of Antarctica. When huge bio-mechanical monsters descend upon the earth ready to destroy the entire city of Los Angeles, a whole new team of top notch "M-bot" pilots take control of their supercharged robot warriors and try to save the world from being reduced to rubble On a trek to find the world's rarest tree, Dylan and his friends descend into harsh ravines and canyons. As the wilderness closes in on them they come face to face with hard truths about friendship, unrequited love, and the consequences of letting go of the past. Frank Castle is staying in a bad neighborhood, where he encounters a gang that terrorizes its residents. Tomboy and farmgirl Charlene "Charley" Wilson finds fun and adventure with her beloved dog Fuzz and tries to fit in to her small town, while her parents struggle with money and crop production worries. Shin-chan is all set to challenge Kung Fu in the Chinatown of Kasukabe city, known as Aiya Town.  He and the Kasukabe Defence Force are going to put up a totally no-stunt Kung Fu challenge on the stage. Following a fall during mistletoe picking, Druid Getafix decides that it is time to secure the future of the village. Accompanied by Asterix and Obelix, he undertakes to travel the Gallic world in search of a talented young druid to transmit the Secret of the Magic Potion. Brace yourself for this mind-blowing battle against one of nature?s most deadly phenomena! Daryl Hannah (Kill Bill Vols. 1 and 2) is a dedicated scientist who reluctantly agrees to fly with a reporter... read more read more... (Dylan Neal, Blood Ties) on a routine storm-seeking mission. But they soon find themselves at the mercy of nature at its most awesome and destructive when a low-level hurricane off the Florida coast unexpectedly turns into one of the most powerful storms in America?s history. As the violent winds buffet and batter the small aircraft, knocking out the pilot, it?s a race against time as the pair struggle to escape with their lives and warn everyone about the fast-moving danger. Susters' is a new South African film about three sisters who reunited during a road trip down memory lane, with a fabulous local cast. A committed film director struggles to complete his movie while coping with a myriad of crises, personal and professional, among the cast and crew. A cowboy rides into a rich desert mining town where no-one longer needs to work, and stir things up to what may very well be the town's final days. A support group travels to the Orange River. A doctor, 2 moms, a daughter and a suicidal woman leave for their "veldskool" trip. Many trials, tribulations and truths are revealed as they go on this epic adventure. The lives of three young musicians who are trying hard to capture the music of the market and to execute parts that are legitimate, but the lack of enthusiasm for the audience makes them unemployed and then goes on to become acquainted with a billionaire person ... After a mysterious school opens across the street, the students of Super Hero High find themselves up against a new threat. Now, Wonder Woman, Supergirl, Batgirl and the rest of the DC Super Hero Girls not only have to worry about the well-being of their grades, but the safety and security of friends, family and the rest of civilization. The girls must figure out how to put a stop to this evil, new cross-town rival and save the world once again Separated at birth, after 28 years Bhai and Jaan grow up to be as different from each other as can be. While Bhai is outspoken and a little bit of a troublemaker a daring costume designer, Jaan is quite shy and timid. After years of being apart, fate brings the two brothers together and things take an interesting turn.  For Donald's birthday he receives a box with three gifts inside. The gifts, a movie projector, a pop-up book, and a pinata, each take Donald on wild adventures through Mexico and South America. A fourth-grader investigates the mysterious reason behind the sudden appearance of penguins in his village, which is somehow related to a power from a young woman working at a dental clinic. The story is based on Robert Louis Stevenson's Treasure Island novel. Every year the citizens of Fura City celebrate a Wind Festival. Where people live together with the wind. Long Ago, on the final day of the festival the Legendary Pokemon Lugia and bestow the blessings of the wind upon the people. This Film Focuses on Everyone's Story. from Lisa, a high school girl who is just starting out as a Pokemon trainer, to Karachi, a guy who can't stop lying to Torito, a researcher who lacks confidence in himself, to Hisui, an old lady who hates touching Pokemon, and Rarugo, a mysterious young girl who watches over the forest by herself.  A young girl and an old man are the only ones in a village who believe the old stories about dragons, and then a dragon arrives. A privately-funded 1960 expedition seeks to beat both the U.S. and the Soviet Union in the race to Mars. But what the intrepid explorers discover - changes everything. This film is a tribute to, as well as a send-up of, Classic Sci-Fi. The satirical references come thick and fast. But there's also a more serious message woven in. Ric from Chicago and Keith from Newfoundland participate in a 2-week-long rickshaw rally across Cambodia.   A young brotherhood of mystics sets out to stop an evil priest, with the help of a chosen warrior. Amidst an old London clock shop, a small, quirky mantle clock comes to the aide of the store's more expensive clocks when a thief breaks in and threatens to steal them away. A young art student from Switzerland arrives for six months in Tel Aviv. Through drawing he will learn to analyse, understand and open himself to this contrasted environment. This is the funny story about two warring Mafia gangs in New York. The weaker gang use incredibly a lion to blackmail the opposite gang's "clients". The police succeeds to stop one of the gang, while the other remain without the Boss. School is in session for DC Super Hero Girls! This is where students master their super powers, brain power, and will power to become the Super Heroes of tomorrow. When Supergirl crash lands into the cafeteria, it's evident that though she has incredible power, she has a long way to go before she becomes a Super Hero. As Supergirl learn to harness her powers, the Junior Detective Club investigates a mysterious rash of security breaches. Could it all be because of reformed Super-Villain and Super Hero High Vice-Principal Gorilla Grodd - or something far worse? During the darkest hours of the night, while the rest of the world is sleeping, outdoor photographer Paul Zizka ventures out into the wilderness in search of the world's starriest skies. His journey to photograph the celestial wonders takes him from his home amongst the peaks of the Canadian Rockies to the wild, desert dunes of Namibia and remote ice caps of Greenland. Ever the adventurer, he must balance his work and passion for photography with his equal devotion as a family man. In the Starlight is an intimate portrayal of Paul's quest to capture the night skies, and what his time spent under the stars has taught him about life, love, adventure, and our place in the universe. Kurumi is hired at a high-end hotel, but is instead dispatched to work at fun fair that is connected to the business network. The new work is out in the country and there is not much else to do or places to go. The go-to employee is one Yoshiko. Kurumi wants to be successful and valued and is eager to learn from Yoshiko. All is not as it seems on the surface however. This is a live action and animation integrated film. Young boys at summer camp faces mysterious events and together, they establishes a young detectives club and help solve the cases for the whole camp. The 45-year old Swedish woman, Kristina Palten, ran across Iran to challenge her own prejudices against a culture and people she knew little about. She felt the very human need to trust in people. Yoshiaki Nishimura discusses Studio Ponoc's founding, their creative principles and the inspiration behind their three "Modest Heroes" shorts. After an alien spacecraft destroys Washington, D.C., the residents of a small town must fight off a unit of alien soldiers on the hunt for the President of the United States and the mysterious device he's carrying after his escape chopper crash lands nearby. Ailo's Journey narrates the struggle of a little wild reindeer to survive its first migration. Throughout his journey, the frail and vulnerable wild reindeer will have to overcome the ordeals that mark the first year of his existence. His awakening to the wild world is a true Christmas tale in the heart of the stunning landscapes of Lapland. An innocent man sentenced to rot in a Cambodian jail is released for the sadistic pleasure of twisted trophy hunters and forced to fight - or die. A powerful king nearly lost his family due to the Snow Queen's evil deeds. He finds a way to ban all the magic from the world - all the possessors of magic powers are now trapped in Mirrorlands. The only one who can stop him and keep the fairy-tale in our world is Gerda - as her own biggest power is not magic but her faith in kindness and friendship. In Gerda's new adventures, she will be helped by trolls, pirates and even the Snow Queen herself. The Heroes of Destiny have taken on the task of protecting Mexico from danger. A new batch of recruits start their trials to see if they can join. Meanwhile an old enemy seeks out vengeance at a dark place. Can destiny prevail? The Last Guest in Roblox tries to survive in a harsh world, where the Roblox army pits its forces against an army of corrupt and dangerous Bacon haired soldiers, driven to cleanse the world of noobs and guests and establish a new world order. This truly shows the horrors of war. Investigation that uncovers a plot of international abuses around the production of the new Superfood, tiger nuts, by European and American companies exploiting African resources, while cheating millions of western organic driven consumers. Hoping to find answers to her estranged father's mysterious illness, a young woman visits his old villa and uncovers a horrifying truth from the past. The iconic Finke Desert Race, the largest off-road motorsport event in the southern hemisphere and Australia's fastest, deadliest, toughest and certainly dustiest race. Filmed over three years, Finke explores the race from within - competitors, organisers, paramedics, and the drive to win against the desert at all costs.  Finke is a visual adventure of inspiration and danger, excitement and spills. Trying to survive the family Christmas, Cody makes a wish to be alone, which ends up backfiring when a shark manifests and kills his entire family. Kazu works at "Funiculi Funicula" cafe. There is a mysterious rumour that if a customer takes a specific seat at the cafe, that customer can travel back to a time of their choice. Passengers on a murder mystery train that crashes into a river must decide whether to risk waiting for help in the wreckage or take their chances in the murky depths below. This is all about chasing your dreams, no matter what the obstacles. The story involves a young deaf and dumb boy who is crazy about cricket. In a distant future a new society of peace and order comes under attack from an ancient Evil force. Only a young news reporter and her high flying ninja friends can save the city from the evil Ninja Attack. Moon City is the first Lao language Superhero movie. Angela is twelve years old and has three step-sisters approaching their thirties. The four meet for the first time when summoned for the death of their father, a charismatic waster. Angela never lived with someone but her father, so her sisters will leave her on the other side of the country with an aunt to prevent the social services from taking her in. Vic Trevi is an undercover FBI agent positioned to betray the people he calls family. Vic needs to find out the truth about his family before his family finds out the truth about him. 12-year-old Oriko Seki, who lost her parents in a car accident, ended up living in her grandmother's Onsen Ryokan "Haru no Ya." With the ghost "Uribou" cohabitating with her and all the other odds, she ended up training to be a young female innkeeper. At first, she didn't like the training, but gradually felt her admiration for her title and began to train seriously. Thus, the growth of the young warrior Oriko begins. Alinagarer Golokdhadha is an adventure mystery film, released on 20 April 2018, directed by Sayanton Ghosal, produced by Rutrum Juin, starring Anirban Bhattacharya and Parno Mittra in lead roles. It is film collaboration for a Bengali movie between Eros International and Champion Movies. A trio of young film-makers shooting a survival video in the woods are menaced by a strange creature. After hiding his loot and getting thrown in jail, Ruby, a brooding outlaw encounters Quentin, a dim-witted and garrulous giant who befriends him. After Quentin botches a solo escape attempt, they make a break together. Unable to shake the clumsy Quentin Ruby is forced to take him along as he pursues his former partners in crime to avenge the death of the woman he loved and get to the money. A film about Andrey Shestakov, head of the microbial biotechnology laboratory at Moscow State University. Together with his team, he travels all over the planet, from the Caucasus to the White Sea, with the goal of finding and testing microbes useful for mankind. On the night of 16 July 1942, ten year old Sarah and her parents are being arrested and transported to the Velodrome d'Hiver in Paris where thousands of other jews are being sent to get deported. Sarah however managed to lock her little brother in a closet just before the police entered their apartment. Sixty years later, Julia Jarmond, an American journalist in Paris, gets the assignment to write an article about this raid, a black page in the history of France. She starts digging archives and through Sarah's file discovers a well kept secret about her own in-laws. The sudden demise of his maternal uncle leaves budding lawyer Abir in charge of his ancestral property. Accompanied by his friend, philosopher, and guide Subarna Sen, aka. Sona da, Abir visits his ancestral mansion only to figure that his uncle has left behind for him a series of clues to unearth the hidden treasure of Mughal prince Shah Suza kept secured within the property. Jhinuk, Abir's childhood friend, joins them in the quest. Soon, Sona da, Abir, and Jhinuk are caught in a web of mystery and deceit. Deep space, at the edge of the galaxy. The future. A new prisoner arrives on top security prison ship and psychiatric research unit Dante 01. Sole survivor of an encounter with an alien force beyond imagining, Saint Georges is a man possessed by inner demons, caught up in the battle to control the monstrous power within him. It's a power that will infect the other highly dangerous occupants of Dante 01, gaolors and prisoners alike, unleashing a violent rebellion that turns this terrifying, labyrinthine world upside down. In the otherworldly hell of the ship's depths, through danger and redemption, each must journey to his very limits... each must confront his own Dragon. A man wanders out of the desert not knowing who he is. His brother finds him, and helps to pull his memory back of the life he led before he walked out on his family and disappeared four years earlier. Two Narratives... When Frank finds his happy home under attack by a dangerous but largely unknown breed of shark, he's enlists the aid of the world's only "House Shark" expert and a grizzled former real estate agent to embark on a desperate quest to destroy the beast and claim back his life. the four heroes created by Alexandre Dumas: D'Artagnan (Pierfrancesco Favino), Athos (Rocco Papaleo), Aramis (Sergio Rubini) and Porthos (Valerio Mastandrea). Today I am an ungrammatical cattle breeder, a lustful castellan, a friar indebted and a drunken innkeeper, who will be musketeers again for patriotism. Elvy is making every effort to win the Future Fashion Award in Ibiza. She meets a lot of special people, from world-famous DJs and stressed-out Beach Club owners, to fashion influencers and the daughter of a famous fashion icon. It will be the adventure of her life, but in the end it's very different from what she had imagined... Seyed Javad Hashemi after several years of acting, directing the first film in the genre of children's speaking at theaters.A film based on a folk tale and add a few other characters such as Sir Mouse and Aunt Beetle.The main theme of the story of the battle between good and evil, which the narrator's story begins to reveal its story.White forehead, the main character is a prisoner of octopus and associates (hag and crone) is.Sir Moses as a successful hero in the white forehead is free and defeat the oppressors. human haji abdullahi Fox so good in the role play. Amin Zendegan also play a role crone well presented.According to the director's first film did respectable.Meanwhile, the film's portrayal is acceptable.In the end, after many notable work in the genre of children's theater production of Iran.  Five friends who loves to upload extreme videos to YouTube, went to Alas Pati also known as the forest of death. With no means for defeating Godzilla Earth, mankind watches as King Ghidorah, clad in a golden light, descends on the planet. The heavens and earth shake once again as the war moves to a higher dimension.  If there's one thing this wild group of friends at an all-girls high school has learned, it's how to get what they want! So when word leaks out that their school is about to merge with an all-boys academy, some of the students strike back... and the girls wage an all-out assault in an outrageous battle of the sexes! A troll named Leaf and his sidekick, Bellyrumble, set out on an epic journey to save the imprisoned King Basil, and gain the love of a lonely princess. Following an end-of-term school ceremony, the American boy Bobby decides to go with his friend Akkun into the mountains outside their village, to a place perfect for a secret base. On the way they stop into a mysterious amusement park. They have fun there, but are attacked and cannot leave. Falling in with some other children who are also lost there, they fend off a number of attacks, and gradually learn the truth behind the facility. Chronicle of the daily activity of a newspaper called "La Jornada". Through the events covered by the gossip columnist that occupy precisely the seventh page, a portrait emerges of different classes of Spain in the 50's and a vision of reality where facts are mixed comedy, police, emotional, dramatic and even tragic. After an E.M.P. (Electro Magnetic Pulse) weapon is deployed, North America is forced to live in pre industrial conditions. Anything electrical is useless, sending the country into anarchy. An introverted 11 year old girl must fend and fight for herself while trying to find her father. David ans Sarah didn't meet together since the murder of their both parents. The young woman receive a weird book from her uncle displaying misunderstanding contents. Sarah asked David to go with her to their uncle to find some answers. At the same time three mobsters flew to the border to escape authorities after a bank robery. All of them will be trapped in a freaky situation who led them to the depths of Hell. Death, destruction, awakening of the Beast will follow. When a day in the life of a beleaguered Egyptian filmmaker goes sideways, he witnesses anew issues like class and gender relations. A war-hardened Crusader and his Moorish commander mount an audacious revolt against the corrupt English crown. Actor who used to be a celebrity once upon a time, when he played in number of films and theatre shows, lives his elderly days monotonously... Up until he meets a girl wanting to become an actress. In their encounters actor revives his love affairs from his young age... From funny to warm & touching... A smile with tears story of a group of unsung dog rescue heroes The charitable film takes the "Paws-Men" as the backbone of the dynamic organization, bringing out the message of respect for the spirit of life and the love of animals, that hopes to raise public awareness of animal rights and interests. The movie is divided into four chapters, each chapter with a famous actor as the leading character. The Paws-Men are Tat Yan, Charlie, Seal, and Keith. When a dog is in need of rescue, the Paws-Men assemble to save the dog immediately like Batman. "Paws-Men" tells the story of rescuing dogs, in which Paws-Men encounter many difficulties, such as a dog eatery, bullies and a dog abusing granny. Yet Paws-Men witness true friendships between dogs and humans. This film makes us realize: Saving dogs is not hard. People are the real problem. A feminist legend, a May 68 activist, a famous playwright and poet, Helene Cixous is the vehicle of this road movie. With friends like the philosopher Jacques Derrida, the artist Adel Abdessemed, with Ariane Mnouchkine and her cosmopolitan theatre company, Cixous explores the wounds our time and allows us to ear the cry of literature. The history of dozens of members of her German-Jewish family who were assassinated in the Death Camps, and the trauma of the wars of decolonization are never far, for this major figure who was born in Algeria shortly before the start of the Second World War. Rio is a high school student in Tokyo. Her mother tells her she will spend the summer in the countryside. There, she meets Ginzo. He is a high school student and handsome. They fall in love. A young man gets married before his older sister leaving her bitter, jealous, and without a proper dowry. Inspired by the work of cinematic auteur Neil Breen, this follows the story of hacker and patriot MC Dalton as he takes on the Corporation and the Bank to protect his country and the wife he thought was long dead. What follows is a deep, introspective look into what technology and capitalism has done and will continue to do to the American dream... and how we can control it.  When scientists discover something in the Arctic that appears to be a buried Pyramid, they send a research team out to investigate. Little do they know that they are about to step into a hunting ground where Aliens are grown as sport for the Predator race. Corporate billionaire Edward Cole and working class mechanic Carter Chambers are worlds apart. At a crossroads in their lives, they share a hospital room and discover they have two things in common: a desire to spend the time they have left doing everything they ever wanted to do and an unrealized need to come to terms with who they are. Together they embark on the road trip of a lifetime, becoming friends along the way and learning to live life to the fullest, with insight and humor. When the War between the majestic Garuda and the monstrous Raksod burst into a wide-spread annexation all over the ancient world, the last soldiers of Garuda have the courageous Himmaphan Warriors joining their alliance. Together, they have to fight against the brutal annihilation from the cold-hearted creatures that want to conquer the world. In order to get his daughter away from her suitors, her father decides to spirit her away to Bermuda. Our hero, however, stows away on the ship. When discovered, he is credited with catching a crook, thus winning a reward and the girl. coming soon.. The Prince of Kiev decided to appoint an heir to the throne, only bad luck - who could it be? A relative, friend of the family or maybe an overseas princess? Without thinking twice, the Prince-Father chooses almost a princess, and most importantly a relative - his niece Zabava. Today, she and her husband, Elisha (do you remember the faithful student of Dobryni Nikitich?), Receive her education in faraway Constantinople, where the treacherous Vasileus rules. In order to return the heiress to her native lands, three heroes are sent in a hurry, and, of course, the main court horse, Julius. Clever and mildly entertaining short from Plympton shows us the point of view of a tree throughout its life. The film gives us various vignettes dealing mostly with sex and violence. Tessa Young is a dedicated student, dutiful daughter and loyal girlfriend to her high school sweetheart. Entering her first semester of college, Tessa's guarded world opens up when she meets Hardin Scott, a mysterious and brooding rebel who makes her question all she thought she knew about herself -- and what she wants out of life.   Nachan and his friends were spending peaceful days when Dr.Franklin call out them to Triforce. Nachan, Isobel and Bandain undertake an important assignment, which is to educate new mechanimals born in the lab. Wing knight, Wing leo, High tero and Master leads four sacred mechanimals. They have to track and tame newer, stronger mechanimals. However Bandain challenge Nachan to an unexpected duel.   Soon after Gogol's death, Binh names him guilty for the deaths of the Cossacks and the young women at the hands of the Dark Horseman, since he was the one who ordered them to be hidden in the barn. Bomgart is unable to perform a post-mortem analysis on the Gogol's body, while Vakula's daughter Vasilina (who secretly has magic abilities) proclaims denial about Gogol's demise.  Xingxi travels alone to Alor Setar, a town in Northern Malaysia. As a consequence of a blown tire, she experiences three variant adventures. She introduces herself to people using different identities with mysterious secrets. In return, what the journey brings her is thoroughly unexpected. In the first adventure, Brooke is a traveler; in the second adventure, Brooke is an anthropologist; in the third, Brooke is a divorcee. She is a disheartened woman who comes across a French writer named Pierre. The two lonely travelers become instant friends. Their age gap enables them to have their respective insights into life and death. Meanwhile, it is not until the enigmatic side of Alor Setar begins to unfold that Brooke tells Pierre the true reason why she has come. They seek to understand the interaction between love and life. As the story comes to an end, mother nature shows her beauty with the magical Blue Tears phenomenon on prominent display. A D-Day rescue mission turns ugly when a band of Allied soldiers battle with horrific experiments created by the Nazis. Adventurer Mike Horn and his friends travel through 13 countries in an attempt to get on top of the most difficult mountain in the world. Immersing into different cultures and breathtaking landscapes, they get closer to climbing K2. Dubbed Mission 8, this documentary will follow the production process, the hiccups the engineers had to overcome as well as the way drivers and other parties involved in its making had to work together to bring out a car worthy of the M stripes. Set in the Depression-era Franklin County, Virginia, a bootlegging gang is threatened by authorities who want a cut of their profits. The villagers in a small mountain village during the Anti-Japanese War were exposed to the burning, killing and looting of the Japanese invaders. Anti-Japanese War with the Japanese in the end the story. Yang Jun feather starring Geshan, is a grass-roots hero from a small village. This movie strongly appeals to me is to pay attention to authenticity, but also this character is very cute. In the near future, a ship of space explorers crash land on an unknown planet. They're soon met with some of their worst fears as they discover the planet is inhabited by monstrous dinosaurs. Fifteen years after giving up his studies as a botanist, the filmmaker decides to visit his old professor -- Julio Betancur -- and returns to the tropical forests of Colombia with Julio and his new disciple, the young Cristian Castro. This reunion launches a voyage that immerses us in doubts over science and the way we see the world, as Julio and Cristian look for their beloved plants in remote forests. Through their work, the film shows us the importance of legacies, and the strength of that ancient bond between master and disciple. Their search also prompts a personal reflection on modern man's obsession with controlling and mapping nature. In the diverse and nearly infinite world of the tropics, what is the point of counting plants forever? After barely surviving a furious shootout with the police, Baby Firefly, Otis Driftwood and Captain Spaulding are behind bars. But pure evil cannot be contained. Teaming up with Otis' half-brother Wilson, the demented Firefly clan escape to unleash a whole new wave of murder, madness and mayhem.  Anna hasn't seen her family for a decade. When her grandmother dies, she returns home to take care of her grandfather. In the week leading up to the funeral, nothing goes as expected, and Anna is forced to reconsider how she lives her life. Hallie Parker and Annie James are identical twins separated at a young age because of their parents' divorce. unknowingly to their parents, the girls are sent to the same summer camp where they meet, discover the truth about themselves, and then plot with each other to switch places. Hallie meets her mother, and Annie meets her father for the first time in years. A general who sacrificed for secret historic bag on the night of November 1885 while Myanmar last federalist King Thibaw was exiled.Geroge J.Harlam an Anglo-Indian from England called George J Harlam who is interested in Myanmar ancient cultural heritages.George's adopted obedience son, Elvis.Htet Paing, who spent more than a decade of his life time in Europe becomes an accused criminal at one of the attorney offices on Pansodan St at Yangon.The daughter Saung Nanda who heritages the love and interest in ancient histories, abilities of discovering and collecting at ancient artifacts from her father.The girl who got the greatly power to be able to find historical treasure from her father as inheritances. Her name is Saung Nandar. A company, where manipulation and harassment is a problem between colleagues, decides to organize a canyoning trip for its employees. The building tensions between co-workers might actually explode during this trip. 4 friends have been together since high school. And now, when one of them is getting married, all three of them must confess their feelings before it's too late. In this endearing black comedy, a 65-year-old who can't take noisy Mumbai anymore sets off on a thwarted quest for Himilayan silence. Red Bull Romaniacs - The toughest Hard Enduro Rallye on earth!  This 5 day competition is infamous for being the most difficult, yet rewarding off-road experience one can imagine.  This year, the world's #1 hard enduro rider, Graham Jarvis goes for his second win in a row and a chance to join the likes of Cyril Despres as the only rider to ever claim three wins at Romaniacs. But it's a tall order as former champions Andreas Lettenbichler of Germany and New Zealand's Chris Birch are out to dethrone the king. But newcomer Jonny Walker from the UK arrives to Sibiu with one goal in mind... to win his first time out against the world's best. Red Bull Romaniacs - The toughest Hard Enduro Rallye on earth!  This 5 day competition is infamous for being the most difficult, yet rewarding off-road experience one can imagine.  This year, the world's #1 hard enduro rider, Graham Jarvis goes for his second win in a row and a chance to join the likes of Cyril Despres as the only rider to ever claim three wins at Romaniacs. But it's a tall order as former champions Andreas Lettenbichler of Germany and New Zealand's Chris Birch are out to dethrone the king. But newcomer Jonny Walker from the UK arrives to Sibiu with one goal in mind... to win his first time out against the world's best. A man with no name is forced into a world of danger and bloodshed after he saves a scientist and a gifted child from a horde of radiation-scarred mutants.   This feature length film will follow renowned BASE jumper, climber and mountain biker Clair Marie as she attempts real-world Lara Croft challenges that show what it takes to become a Tomb Raider. The feature will also include a special narrative showcase highlighting the journey of Lara Croft as told through in-game cinematics from the trilogy. For the first time ever, fans can experience the story of Lara Croft's origin on the big screen. Following this, fans will get to see never-before-seen footage from the upcoming Shadow of the Tomb Raider game. With the high development of human civilization there is less and less pure land on the earth. The conflict between humans and nature keeps intensifying. Many primitive cultures and beliefs are gradually disappearing. "The Soul of Himalaya" is a story of the Lhoba people's legends and customs. The film portrays a warrior's journey to save an ancient tribe whose way of life is threatened. A tree surgeon arrives in a forest to inspect a tree, specifically Woody's. He destroys Woody's bed with a drill and Woody plans to get even. First, he sticks a pan over said drill, then sticks his foot in the tree's branch and kicks the doctor in the face with it. He also inflates the doctor's stethoscope with a bellows until it explodes and holds up a sexy pin-up when the doctor x-rays the tree. Finally, Doc discovers Woody and gives chase but Woody inevitably outsmarts him knocking the doc unconscious. The pest gone, Woody can now continue his rest.  Hitch a ride into the dark heart of Australia with Soda_Jerk's TERROR NULLIUS, a blistering, badly behaved sample-based film that confronts the horror of our contemporary moment.  Equal parts political satire, eco-horror and road movie, TERROR NULLIUS is a rogue remapping of national mythology, where a misogynistic remark is met with the sharp beak of a bird, feminist bike gangs rampage and bicentenary celebrations are ravaged by flesh-eating sheep.  By intricately remixing fragments of Australia's pop culture and film legacy, TERROR NULLIUS interrogates the unstable entanglement of fiction that underpins this country's vexed sense of self. In order to learn the location of a fabled Aztec treasure, a professor kidnaps his colleague, the only man able to read the ancient Aztec script that is supposed to reveal the location of the treasure. Charlie Chan and his #1 and #2 sons journey to the jungles of Mexico to find the victim and bring the kidnapper and his gang to justice. After nuclear warfare has decimated Earth, tyrants using service robots to enslave the population are met with a rebellion. Evangelical Christians in the Bible Belt try to convert newly arrived Chinese international students. After a tragic accident at sea, Eben Cole loses his family, friends and stature in his island fishing community. He returns to the island an outcast but determined to win back the way of life he fought so hard to protect. Set against the stunning backdrop of the Maine coast, Islander captures the grit and integrity of this hard working community and celebrates man's unerring need for redemption.  The alarm has sounded and the Pontypandy crew is off to rescue their friends and others in need. From engine sparks and wild fireworks to water rescue and more, you won't want to miss these adventures with your favorite hero, Fireman Sam! An adventure, an investigation, a quest ? Matthieu, mountain leader, continues his trekking experience with the Via Alpina, an 8 countries-crossing of the Alps from Trieste to Monaco. One thing in mind : What influence does hiking in the mountains have on us ? Between Matthieu's personal journey and the testimonials of hikers met on the way, a whole new world is unveiled. Far from being just an outdoor activity in a dream-like scenery, trekking becomes an awareness tool driving us to rethink our way of living. No overview found.  The criminal underworld is buzzing with double-crosses, lies and greed as the prized jewel, The Eye of Amun-Ra, is passed around the city. Can our heroes find the diamond and could even their own fate be entwined with its mysterious curse. Which leaves the tantalizing question... who really should Beware the Eye of Amun-Ra? Jungle.com is a Malayalam movie starring Sreejith Ravi and Gaurav Menon in prominent roles. It is a drama directed by Arun Nischal, with Rajesh Raghavan as the producer, forming part of the crew. A man visits his parent's wedding anniversary and is sucked into an alternate reality. Initially, Dulung knows Aurel and Sky, who have relative science, or unlimited knowledge between the real and unreal worlds. Aurel's beauty, courage and intelligence make Dulung fall in love. That is not favored by Dira, his friend since kindergarten. Friendship in the Dulung Squad community is almost disbanded, because Dulung spends more time with Aurel. Dulung and Aurel are trapped to complete Erzia's affairs, ghosts in a violent school, and Michele, the occupant of the Haunted House. No overview found. By 2017, the global economy has collapsed and American society has become a totalitarian police state, censoring all cultural activity. The government pacifies the populace by broadcasting a number of game shows in which convicted criminals fight for their lives, including the gladiator-style The Running Man, hosted by the ruthless Damon Killian, where "runners" attempt to evade "stalkers" and certain death for a chance to be pardoned and set free. Four beautiful young women are foretold of mysterious adventures that will have them each take advantage of men with their enchanting looks. But, will they survive their escapade? And, in the end, are things really as they seem?  Britt Reid (Seth Rogen), the heir to the largest newspaper fortune in Los Angeles, is a spoiled playboy who has been, thus far, happy to lead an aimless life. After his father (Tom Wilkinson) dies, Britt meets Kato (Jay Chou), a resourceful company employee. Realizing that they have the talent and resources to make something of their lives, Britt and Kato join forces as costumed crime-fighters to bring down the city's most-powerful criminal, Chudnofsky (Christoph Waltz). This is going to be the best holiday ever. Coconut The Little Dragon is thrilled about going to summer camp with his best friends Oscar and Matilda. But due to wild Water Dragons and carnivorous plants, the adventure he wished for turns out tougher than expected. Shrek Retold. Shrek Retold is a fan-made retelling of the first Shrek movie. Each separate scene is individually made by one or two different people. Mediums used include live-action, flash animation, Lego-mation, computer-animation, and much more. Only two months after the fall of the Berlin Wall, in January 1990, almost two hundred controversial East German visual and performance artists--including Jurgen Bottcher, the Autoperforation Artists, AG Geige, Via Lewandowsky, Trak Wendisch, Conny Hege, Klaus Killisch, Helga Paris and Hanns Schimansky--presented works rarely shown in the GDR at the exhibition space in the former La Villette slaughterhouses on the outskirts of Paris. In End of the World, the fate of humanity lies in the hands of two guys who run a video rental store and are "sci-fi obsessed" movie fans.  And who better to save the world, than guys who have seen all the movies and all the "out there" ways to save it!? . Ajooba's main magician agnila creat different creature to destroy ampara. ken is a powerful superhero of the planet ampara. He has lots of magical power. in this story ken saved the world from ajooba. Adventures of Jojo is a children's adventure film that narrates the journey of Jojo a young boy of twelve as he travels to Baropahari to visit his uncle. Gods come to Earth to prevent its destruction. Amin has come from Senegal to work in France, leaving behind his wife Aicha, and their three children. He leads a solitary life in France, where the only space he occupies is his home and the building sites on which he works. Most of his earnings are sent to Senegal. One day, he meets a woman, Gabrielle, and a relationship is born.  America is on the search for the murderer Eddie Kim. Sean Jones must fly to L.A. to testify in a hearing against Kim. Accompanied by FBI agent Neville Flynn, the flight receives some unexpected visitors. Legendary tomb explorer Hu Bayi is on a dangerous mission as he seeks out the Tomb of Emperor Xian, located on an island of monstrous creatures in this mystical action-adventure. The kids are going about their lives like other children, at times finding it difficult to control their powers. It is only during a school trip when they run into the mysterious circus performer, Erma , that things start to heat up. Three college students, Phil, Ed, and Henry take a road trip into Mexico for a week of drinking and carefree fun only to have Phil find himself a captive of a group of satanic Mexican drug smugglers who kill tourists and whom are looking for a group of new ones to prepare for a sacrifice. Romeo (Deva Mahenra), photographer, is always changing his girlfriend. Romeo has trauma to the wedding after the divorce of his father (Gary Isaac) and mother (Donna Aaron) when he was seven years old.  One day Raline (Kimberly Ryder) Romeo's lover, says that she is pregnant! Raline asks Romeo to marry her. Romeo decides to marry Raline. But, he will first complete the contract to take photos of Mount Rinjani.  On the way to Rinjani, Romeo meets with Sharon (Alexa Key), who has the same principle of life. Sharon does not believe in marriage and also have an adventurous spirit. Arriving at Rinjani, Romeo seduces Sharon, and invites her to swim in the lake. In honor of his birthday, San Francisco banker Nicholas Van Orton, a financial genius and a cold-hearted loner, receives an unusual present from his younger brother, Conrad: a gift certificate to play a unique kind of game. In nearly a nanosecond, Nicholas finds himself consumed by a dangerous set of ever-changing rules, unable to distinguish where the charade ends and reality begins. Teton Gravity's newest film Ode To Muir pairs professional snowboarder, adventurer and founder of Protect Our Winters Jeremy Jones with two-time Olympian Elena Hight as they embark on a 40-mile foot-powered expedition deep into California's John Muir Wilderness. Their journey balances the challenges of winter camping, grueling climbs up the Sierra's biggest mountains, and aesthetic first descents with personal reflections on the importance of the natural world and those who first traveled it generations ago, and sharing perspectives gleaned from what it truly means to explore a great American Wilderness.  The amazing, true story of a Uruguayan rugby team's plane that crashed in the middle of the Andes mountains, and their immense will to survive and pull through alive, forced to do anything and everything they could to stay alive on meager rations and through the freezing cold.  In the center of the story is the life of the indigenous people of the village Bakhtia at the river Yenisei in the Siberian Taiga. The camera follows the protagonists in the village over a period of a year. The natives, whose daily routines have barely changed over the last centuries, keep living their lives according to their own cultural traditions. Jumping around from musing about the disappointment of Kinder Surprise eggs to medieval porn to men's tendency not to admit ignorance to a brilliant take-off of Chris de Burgh, which comes out of nowhere. Yes, Bailey lacks an inherent structure--unlike Harry Hill or Al Murray--so you could walk in half way through and not miss any underlying subtleties.  This is the story of the Puffs... who just happened to be there too. A tale for anyone who has never been destined to save the world. From Fathom Events, "Puffs: Filmed Live Off Broadway" comes to cinemas nationwide for two days only, May 9 and 12, including special, behind-the-curtain footage of cast and crew. This clever and inventive play "never goes more than a minute without a laugh" (Nerdist), giving you a new look at a familiar adventure from the perspective of three potential heroes just trying to make it through a magic school that proves to be very dangerous for children.  Michael Atkinson places himself in the historic predicament of two stranded German aviators in 1932 to see if the his skills as a survival instructor, pilot and adventurer will allow him to escape to the nearest civilisation. 