Simple-minded Joseph Briteman breaks a golden rule of his 'life skills' program when he walks away unsupervised to rescue his long lost baby sister. The evil Brand X joins a supermarket that becomes a city after closing time. Travis and his sister, Whitney, visit their grandparents for the summer and fall through a magical portal which transports him to the world of American hero Paul Bunyan and his big, blue, talking ox, Babe. The Croods is a prehistoric comedy adventure that follows the world's first family as they embark on a journey of a lifetime when the cave that has always shielded them from danger is destroyed. Traveling across a spectacular landscape, the Croods discover an incredible new world filled with fantastic creatures -- and their outlook is changed forever. An imaginative tale chronicling the adventures of a diverse band of crayons as they strive to protect not only their magical multihued homeland but the imagination of children everywhere from a terrifying monster. Astronaut Scorch Supernova finds himself caught in a trap when he responds to an SOS from a notoriously dangerous alien planet. An orphaned boy raised by underground creatures called Boxtrolls comes up from the sewers and out of his box to save his family and the town from the evil exterminator, Archibald Snatcher. Welcome to Hotel Transylvania, Dracula's lavish five-stake resort, where monsters and their families can live it up and no humans are allowed. One special weekend, Dracula has invited all his best friends to celebrate his beloved daughter Mavis's 118th birthday. For Dracula catering to all of these legendary monsters is no problem but the party really starts when one ordinary guy stumbles into the hotel and changes everything! A teenager finds herself transported to a deep forest setting where a battle between the forces of good and the forces of evil is taking place. She bands together with a rag-tag group characters in order to save their world--and ours. An aging, skateboarding veterinarian Sir Billi goes above and beyond the call of duty fighting villainous policemen and powerful lairds in a battle to save an illegal fugitive - Bessie Boo the beaver! Fourteen years after Third Impact, Shinji Ikari awakens to a world he does not remember. He hasn't aged. Much of Earth is laid in ruins, NERV has been dismantled, and people who he once protected have turned against him. Befriending the enigmatic Kaworu Nagisa, Shinji continues the fight against the angels and realizes the fighting is far from over, even when it could be against his former allies. The characters' struggles continue amidst the battles against the angels and each other, spiraling down to what could inevitably be the end of the world. A young boy and his dog, who happens to have a genius-level IQ, spring into action when their time-travel machine is stolen and moments in history begin to be changed. Dorothy wakes up in post-tornado Kansas, only to be whisked back to Oz to try to save her old friends the Scarecrow, the Lion, the Tin Man and Glinda from a devious new villain, the Jester. Wiser the owl, Marshal Mallow, China Princess and Tugg the tugboat join Dorothy on her latest magical journey through the colorful landscape of Oz to restore order and happiness to Emerald City. The ghost of Hamlet's father orders him to kill his uncle, and the easily distracted prince makes up a bunch of excuses to avoid doing it. 28th century, 200 years after the Great Earth Exodus. Naia, a feisty, young singer/songwriter, falls in love with the beautiful saxophonist Parker in Ganymede, one of Jupiter's moons. The two form a band - and now they have to not only make it as musicians but also to fight for their freedom. Dramatically rendered in rich, hand drawn animation, Strange Frame brings us into a world of space pirates, indentured slaves and genetic mutations - infused with music throughout, to create a dreamlike tale unlike anything you've ever seen Heinz is Amsterdam personified: a happy-go-lucky freeloader. However, he's in big trouble with his girlfriend Dolly. One day he is looking after their baby - the next day he finds himself on a mysterious island, and his son is missing! As he searches desperately for the boy, Heinz discovers he's been an unwitting pawn in the evil schemes of the diabolical windbag Git. During a spectacular showdown in New York, Heinz thwarts Git's attempts to eradicate mankind and rescues his son - sort of...   Deep in the harsh and dreary countryside, a boy's world crumbles around him. Grief, sorrow and rage torment the boy's heart without mercy. The boy journeys to the limits of his world in a desperate attempt to stop the inescapable beast that stand between him and his flesh and blood. Kaanchi movie is a musical thriller with a love story. It is a story of the inner power of a woman who represents millions of suppressed youth against unjust in the country. It is also the story of an innocent rural beauty and her fight against power. Stunning slow-motion and timelapse cinematography of the landscapes, people and wildlife of the American South West. Zenos, who once made whole universe feared, has returned to Earth to take back his power. He exploits sadness of humans as his source of power. Zenos and his underlings, Dandandan trio bring all weird aliens to the earth.  In order to defeat the annoying enemies, Miniforce is reborn as Miniforce X, armed with new "X Power" and "X bot". Both old and new characters appear for a new season and support Miniforce, including Ray an ex-Miniforce member, and Jacky a monkey who admires Volt.  Would Miniforce X can complete their mission this time too, against Zenos and the aliens? Go and watch! Ten more piggy tales featuring Peppa, her little brother George and friends. In the lead episode Mr Potato comes to town again Peppa and her classmates go to watch their unique take on a Christmas Show!  After 50 years the Fabeltjeskrant is back. The Little White Cloud That Cried, made in tribute to underground filmmaker Jack Smith, and described as: "Goddesses unharnessing the power of the sea and putting it into a whole new element as they engaged in orgiastic battles and whoopla." --cinematical.com   In the eighteenth century, in the Ashanti people's kingdom, which covers two-thirds of what is now Ghana, lived Princess Abla Pokou. A very influential advisor to King Opokou Ware, she was opposed to war. She and former warrior Kongoue Bian became involved in a tale of political intrigue. When up-and-coming District Attorney Mitch Brockden commits a fatal hit-and-run, he feels compelled to throw the case against the accused criminal who was found with the body and blamed for the crime. Following the trial, Mitch's worst fears come true when he realizes that he acquitted a guilty man, and he soon finds himself on the hunt for the killer before more victims pile up. The film chronicles the rise and fall of the world's most feared drug lord Pablo Escobar and his volatile love affair with Colombia's most famous journalist Virginia Vallejo throughout a reign of terror that tore a country apart. A somewhat self-aware zombie takes it upon himself to keep the rest of the walking dead at bay. Aviva announces she's one step closer to fixing the Time Trampoline with the invention of a Time Thruster. But before they can check it out, it goes overboard and attaches onto a Sockeye Salmon who is in the middle of the "Salmon Run". The Wild Kratt team is led on a wild chase, as they follow the salmon on this incredible and difficult journey - both battling the odds to reach their goals. A man who suffers visions of an apocalyptic deluge takes measures to protect his family from the coming flood. This work depicts the creation of the Universe - beginning moments before the Big Bang, it shows the development of life and progresses into our modern world. A ballet choreographed by math, generating beautifully complex and organic structures, with each show different from the last. The adventures of high school girl Ireesha and her friends (talking frog and guitar-fairy Robby) as she visits Elf world to retrieve her friend's soul. Do-do-do, do-do, do-do-do! It's finally here! The most popular Super Simple Song video of the year, Baby Shark is now available on DVD with 19 other super simple, super fun songs!  Family inherits an old house and to their surprise, finds the home filled with wonderful colorful creatures that brings the family together. When a car hits young Victor's pet dog Sparky, Victor decides to bring him back to life the only way he knows how. But when the bolt-necked "monster" wreaks havoc and terror in the hearts of Victor's neighbors, he has to convince them that Sparky's still the good, loyal friend he was. The movie centers on a group of animals in a national park in Bombay trying to figure out a way to stop humans from building an apartment complex on their land. In Scotland 1874, Jack is born on the coldest day ever. Because of the extreme cold, his heart stops beating. The responsible midwife in Edinburgh finds a way to save him by replacing his heart with a clock. So he lives and remains under the midwife's protective care. But he must not get angry or excited because that endangers his life by causing his clock to stop working. Worse than that, when he grows up, he has to face the fact he cannot fall in love because that too could stop his delicate heart. Ana, a nine year old girl, arrives with her mother to an isolated beach with the intention to rest and to know the sea. There, she discovers that they are under a terrible threat, therefore she is obligated to look for help with her father in order to save her mother. Spike has just put Tyke to bed for his nap when Tom and Jerry chase out the door to Tyke's crib, waking him up. This gives Tyke an attack of hiccups. Spike warns Tom not to wake him up again, which of course is all Jerry needs... Brave is set in the mystical Scottish Highlands, where Merida is the princess of a kingdom ruled by King Fergus and Queen Elinor. An unruly daughter and an accomplished archer, Merida one day defies a sacred custom of the land and inadvertently brings turmoil to the kingdom. In an attempt to set things right, Merida seeks out an eccentric old Wise Woman and is granted an ill-fated wish. Also figuring into Merida's quest -- and serving as comic relief -- are the kingdom's three lords: the enormous Lord MacGuffin, the surly Lord Macintosh, and the disagreeable Lord Dingwall. Tinkerbell wanders into the forbidden Winter woods and meets Periwinkle. Together they learn the secret of their wings and try to unite the warm fairies and the winter fairies to help Pixie Hollow. Based on the novel 'Evolution Man' by Roy Lewis, this tells the story about the first man - young Edward - to descend from apes. Edward is ejected by his tribe, but is very resourceful. He learns to walk, discovers fire, manages to hunt - and we follow him as he evolves. He has a generous nature, and search for true humanity - a world where we don't eat our fathers. The Nephilim appear to man in the days of antiquity, and now they have returned. Travis Brown, an unsuspecting pawn in the game of humanity, is about to unleash the power of darkness. Animal pals Alex, Marty, Melman, and Gloria are still trying to make it back to New York's Central Park Zoo. They are forced to take a detour to Europe to find the penguins and chimps who broke the bank at a Monte Carlo casino. When French animal-control officer Capitaine Chantel DuBois picks up their scent, Alex and company are forced to hide out in a traveling circus. A nameless robot girl has recently been given the gift of life from her creator, while exploring the wonders of an ordinary world she meets an amazing mutant boy and they share a friendship that must overcome their warring families. Happy speaks with someone in the park and takes a trip to the moon on a rocket that looks like the front half of a current racing car, where he is made king of the moon. A ballerina does a shimmy and Our Hero winds up back in the park being accosted by a cop. The inference is that he has fallen asleep and dreamed the entire trip. When a daredevil kid named Ernie, his sister Julia, and his best friend Max are horsing around in Max's inventor father's workshop, they accidentally trip a time-machine into operation and find themselves transported back in time 65 million years, where they meet a T-Rex named Tyra and her rambunctious dinosaur son Dodger. The unlikely group find themselves on an amazing adventure exploring the lush prehistoric jungle, despite Tyra's evil dinosaur rivals conspiring against them - while, back in the present day, Max's dad and Ernie and Julia's overprotective mom plot their rescue. After his happy life spins out of control, a preacher from Texas changes his name, goes to Louisiana and starts preaching on the radio. Perennially stoned Cheech and Chong tear through the city of Los Angeles, causing trouble wherever they go. After Cheech loses his job, the two pot enthusiasts head to the welfare offices where Cheech's girlfriend, Donna, works. Instead of collecting unemployment, they find themselves thrown back on the streets, searching for a way to earn new income. But when Cheech's cousin, "Red" Mendoza, arrives, things get even crazier. The luxuriantly bearded Pirate Captain is a boundlessly enthusiastic, if somewhat less-than-successful, terror of the High Seas. With a rag-tag crew at his side, and seemingly blind to the impossible odds stacked against him, the Captain has one dream: to beat his bitter rivals Black Bellamy and Cutlass Liz to the much coveted Pirate of the Year Award. It's a quest that takes our heroes from the shores of exotic Blood Island to the foggy streets of Victorian London. Along the way they battle a diabolical queen and team up with a haplessly smitten young scientist, but never lose sight of what a pirate loves best: adventure! During the Royal Ball, Cinderella and her mice fellows discover a secret that could shake their world: the real prince has turned into a mouse by the evil witch, and the "Prince" from the Royal Ball is in fact a fraud. Now, Cinderella and her friends are going to begin a whole new adventure to save the real Prince, and help him defeat the evil force. When an evil spirit known as Pitch lays down the gauntlet to take over the world, the immortal Guardians must join forces for the first time to protect the hopes, beliefs and imagination of children all over the world. A look at the relationship between Mike and Sulley during their days at Monsters University -- when they weren't necessarily the best of friends. Gritty adaption of William Shakespeare's play about the English King's bloody conquest of France. Mahayoddha Rama retells the great epic of Hindu god, Rama. in this epic, Rama is born to king Dashrath and as an adult fights the 10-headed demon Ravana. A 12-year-old boy searches for the one thing that will enable him to win the affection of the girl of his dreams. To find it he must discover the story of the Lorax, the grumpy yet charming creature who fights to protect his world. A half-striped zebra is blamed for the drought and leaves his herd in search of his missing stripes. He is joined on his quest by an overprotective wildebeest and a flamboyant ostrich; they defeat the tyrannical leopard and save his herd. Set in a bustling bird city on the edge of the majestic Victoria Falls, "Zambezia" is the story of Kai - a naive, but high-spirited young falcon who travels to the bird city of "Zambezia" where he discovers the truth about his origins and, in defending the city, learns how to be part of a community An ordinary Lego mini-figure, mistakenly thought to be the extraordinary MasterBuilder, is recruited to join a quest to stop an evil Lego tyrant from gluing the universe together. A group of survivors trapped in a New York apartment fight to stay alive against legions of zombies. Somewhere in the world right now, two people are using every ounce of their strength, passion and creativity to destroy each other in combat. This ritual can be witnessed in any city from N.Y. to Shanghai. It's called battling, and it's the main pillar of one of modern history's most explosive subcultures: b-boying. Filmed in a fresh unique style, All Out War is a feature length documentary that follows four b-boys from different positions on the breaking spectrum. The stories of Machine, Alien Ness, Dyzee and Casper intersect at one of b-boying's most prestigious competitions: The King of the Ring. A tale about a kid, a samurai mime, and a stripper who all try to defeat a warlord and an evil clown who have successfully turned a countryside into a never ending nightmare filled with horrible monsters. A pair of working-class brothers flee their Reno Motel after getting involved in a fatal hit-and-run accident. Polar bear Norm and his three Arctic lemming buddies are forced out into the world once their icy home begins melting and breaking apart. Landing in New York, Norm begins life anew as a performing corporate mascot, only to discover that his new employers are directly responsible for the destruction of his polar home. Marco the Monkey works as a beach officer. But he spends most of his time trying to win the heart of the beautiful Lulu. He is just about to succeed, when Marco's rival, Carlo, builds a gigantic monkey-shaped casino right on Marco's beach. Lulu is fascinated by the charming Carlo. Jealously Marco starts an undercover investigation of Carlo's strange casino. Soon he discovers the truth. Carlo will take over the island and force Lulu to marry him! When Marco tries to arrest Carlo a problem rises. Literally from the ground. Because Carlo's Casino is a giant robot. Two turkeys from opposite sides of the tracks must put aside their differences and team up to travel back in time to change the course of history--and get turkey off the holiday menu for good. This remarkable animated documentary traces the unconventional upbringing of the filmmaker Jung Henin, one of thousands of Korean children adopted by Western families after the end of the Korean War. It is the story of a boy stranded between two cultures. Animated vignettes - some humorous and some poetic - track Jung from the day he first meet his new blond siblings, through elementary school, and into his teenage years, when his emerging sense of identity begins to create fissures at home and ignite the latent biases of his adoptive parents. The filmmaker tells his story using his own animation intercut with snippets of super-8 family footage and archival film. The result is an animated memoir like no other: clear-eyed and unflinching, humorous, and above all, inspiring in the capacity of the human heart. In the town of Blithe Hollow, Norman Babcock can speak to the dead, but no one other than his eccentric new friend believes his ability is real. One day, Norman's eccentric uncle tells him of a ritual he must perform to protect the town from a curse cast by a witch centuries ago. Set in rural Ohio, the birthplace of football, UNDERDOGS is the story of a small-town high school football team destined to play their cross-town rival, a perennial powerhouse, while standing up for an entire community. A heart-warming tale about friendship, honour &amp; courage, which sees a young boy become a man as he embarks on a quest to become a knight. Exiled artist and poet Mustafa embarks on a journey home with his housekeeper and her daughter; together the trio must evade the authorities who fear that the truth in Mustafa's words will incite rebellion. The thrilling second chapter of the epic How To Train Your Dragon trilogy brings back the fantastical world of Hiccup and Toothless five years later. While Astrid, Snotlout and the rest of the gang are challenging each other to dragon races (the island's new favorite contact sport), the now inseparable pair journey through the skies, charting unmapped territories and exploring new worlds. When one of their adventures leads to the discovery of a secret ice cave that is home to hundreds of new wild dragons and the mysterious Dragon Rider, the two friends find themselves at the center of a battle to protect the peace. In a cold French city where suicide is a common urge, there is a colorful shop, managed for many years by the Tuvache family, where it is very easy to obtain the necessary tools to satisfy the sinister desires of so many depressed citizens. Manny, Diego, and Sid embark upon another adventure after their continent is set adrift. Using an iceberg as a ship, they encounter sea creatures and battle pirates as they explore a new world. Plant loving Hilda, has created a museum where she preserves endangered and rare plants from all over the world. Meanwhile Attilem, a new genetically modified cereal, is launched on the market. Growing with little water and fertilizer while generating high crop field Attilem looks like an ideal solution to eradicate starvation and provide an alternative to diminishing oil reserves. But nothing is at it seems... Lovable and friendly, the trolls love to play around. But one day, a mysterious giant shows up to end the party. Poppy, the optimistic leader of the Trolls, and her polar opposite, Branch, must embark on an adventure that takes them far beyond the only world they've ever known. A young Japanese monk An exploration of the making of b-movie sci-fi cult classic "The Creeping Terror" and its con-man director Art "A.J." Nelson/Vic Savage. Gru is recruited by the Anti-Villain League to help deal with a powerful new super criminal. Miffy, her friends Melanie and Grunty and her dog Snuffy set out on a treasure hunt through the zoo. Father and Mother Bunny give them five riddles through a Treasure Hunt Song, about a color, a shape, a movement, a number and a sound. While discovering animals that answer to the riddles, Miffy and her friends learn how to work together, find creative ways to collaborate and to reward each other for a job well done. And in the end, they are rewarded with a big surprise. Dusty is a cropdusting plane who dreams of competing in a famous aerial race. The problem? He is hopelessly afraid of heights. With the support of his mentor Skipper and a host of new friends, Dusty sets off to make his dreams come true. Lonely toymaker Geppetto has his wishes answered when the Blue Fairy arrives to bring his wooden puppet Pinocchio to life. Before becoming a real boy, however, Pinocchio must prove he's worthy as he sets off on an adventure with his whistling sidekick and conscience, Jiminy Cricket. Little Raven and his friends embark on a big treasure hunt. Competing against the beavers they have to solve riddles and navigate great dangers in order to finally find the most surprising of all treasures. Based on the books by Nele Moost and Annet Rudolph. Sausage Party, the first R-rated CG animated movie, is about one sausage leading a group of supermarket products on a quest to discover the truth about their existence and what really happens when they become chosen to leave the grocery store. Documentary that follows the lives of two pirates and their community on the Somali coastline; what are the incentives of the pirates, why did they become pirates, how did they grow up in a country with political chaos, war and extreme poverty? The narrative structure is built around two interweaving story-lines; one depicting the "present", the daily lives of the pirates and their community, and the second in the "past", revealing through epic animation, the unfolding of a recent hijacking. Tarzan was a small orphan who was raised by an ape named Kala since he was a child. He believed that this was his family, but on an expedition Jane Porter is rescued by Tarzan. He then finds out that he's human. Now Tarzan must make the decision as to which family he should belong to... In the land of Orlais, a brash young Seeker--Cassandra--fights to stop a blood-soaked conspiracy. Hidden hands seek to tear apart the realm's most powerful religious order, and as the sinister plot unfolds, Cassandra is accused of treason and murder. Hunted by friend and foe alike, the impulsive beauty must clear her name while clashing with corrupt templars and rogue blood mages. Should she fail, the executioner's blade awaits. Should she overcome her rage and expose the unseen forces threatening the rule of the Divine, Cassandra will take her place in legend. Two men inadvertently create a mechanical menace This hand drawn animated film, based on the award winning graphic novel by Raymond Briggs, is an intimate and affectionate depiction of the life and times of his parents, two ordinary Londoners living through extraordinary events. Exposure follows a rookie Detroit African-American female cop who stumbles upon corrupt officers who are murdering a drug dealer, an incident captured by her body cam. They pursue her through the night in an attempt to destroy the footage, but to make matters worse, they've tipped off a criminal gang that she's responsible for the dealer's death. Joe Beck has lost the love of his life thanks to a Pixie's Curse and he now needs to figure out how to get his girl back, learn more about the mysterious Pixies and undo a bad deed he did long ago. At the center of corruption is the Federal Reserve who has gained enormous amounts of control over America's economy, with disastrous effects beginning to show. Standing opposite, is the band of Rebels who have vowed to take back the freedom they once knew...and they won't go down without a fight. Monetary mayhem. Explosions. Romance. Silver Circle plans to take liberty filmmaking to a whole other level. U.S. federal agent Leon S. Kennedy sneaks into the "East Slavic Republic" to verify rumors that Bio-Organic Weapons (BOWs) are being used in the country's civil war, which the U.S. and Russia are making preparations to jointly intervene in. Right after his infiltration, the U.S. government orders him to leave immediately. Determined to uncover the truth, Leon ignores the order and enters the battlefield to end the chain of tragedies caused by the BOWs. The Last Prince of Atlantis is a beautiful fairy tale about love, an animated family movie. The dynamic intrigue, a bright and multidimensional shows keeps the audiences captivated. An old pearl-fisher Bltazar is forced to sell his boat to wealthy man Don Vincenzo. But this is not the worst part. Now Vincenzo wants to take his beautiful daughter Adrianna! The girl is against that, but for how much longer can she resist? Police and gangsters serve Vincenzo... But money and power are nothing when the real love comes around. The Last Prince Of Atlantis appears from the bottom of the sea, where he spent thousands of years in a stone sarcophagus. One day he sees Adrianna in the sea, strikes up looking for her and finds her... Based on the best-seller book 'The Little Prince', the movie tells the story of a little girl that lives with resignation in a world where efficiency and work are the only dogmas. Everything will change when accidentally she discovers her neighbor that will tell her about the story of the Little Prince that he once met. The story takes place in 1870 in the Wild West and revolves around a country musician named Dalton who takes a job as the sheriff of Toonstone to support his livelihood as he chases outlaws, aliens and his ultimate dream... his music. Long ago in a faraway land, a young wizard's apprentice named Alerik discovers a pathway under the wall that surround his land to a shining city alive with the magic of Christmas. A teen is visited by aliens after he broadcasts a message into space. Walking with Dinosaurs 3D is a film depicting life-like 3D dinosaur characters set in photo-real landscapes that transports audiences to the prehistoric world as it existed 70 million years ago. The film is based on the 1999 documentary television miniseries Walking with Dinosaurs, produced by the BBC. Walking with Dinosaurs 3D is being produced by Evergreen Studios, the company that produced Happy Feet, and it is was released on October 11, 2013. Tad is a celebrity archaeologist and adventurer just like his hero Max Mordon... in his dreams! In reality, Tad is a Chicago construction worker. One day, however, he is mistaken for a real professor and takes his place on a flight to Peru in search of the lost city of Paititi. Wreck-It Ralph is the 9-foot-tall, 643-pound villain of an arcade video game named Fix-It Felix Jr., in which the game's titular hero fixes buildings that Ralph destroys. Wanting to prove he can be a good guy and not just a villain, Ralph escapes his game and lands in Hero's Duty, a first-person shooter where he helps the game's hero battle against alien invaders. He later enters Sugar Rush, a kart racing game set on tracks made of candies, cookies and other sweets. There, Ralph meets Vanellope von Schweetz who has learned that her game is faced with a dire threat that could affect the entire arcade, and one that Ralph may have inadvertently started. When Niko visits his grandparents in the Philippines for the summer, he knew he would be exposed to a different culture. What he didn't expect, was to plunge headlong into an unseen world ... Celestine is a little mouse trying to avoid a dental career; Ernest is a big bear craving an artistic outlet. When Celestine meets Ernest, they overcome their natural enmity by forging a life of crime together. A series of interviews featuring linguist, philosopher and activist Noam Chomsky done in hand-drawn animation. More than two decades after catapulting to stardom with The Princess Bride, Robin Wright decides to take her final job: preserving her likeness for a future Hollywood. Through a deal brokered by her loyal, longtime agent and the head of Miramount Studios, her digital doppelganger will be controlled by the studio, and will star in any film they want, with no restrictions. In return, she receives healthy compensation so she can care for her ailing son. Twenty years later, under the creative vision of the studio's head animator, Wright's double rises to immortal stardom. With her contract expiring, she is invited to speak at Miramount's "Futurological Congress". However, a group of terrorists plot an attack on the convention. Surly, a curmudgeon, independent squirrel is banished from his park and forced to survive in the city. Lucky for him, he stumbles on the one thing that may be able to save his life, and the rest of park community, as they gear up for winter - Maury's Nut Store. Old Bellousinni hates Christmas above all things. Living alone in his great mansion with his butler, his evil has no limits. But on Christmas night, the visit of an old friend and three ghosts that teach him the true meaning of parties and happiness ... or at least what they try. Black and scary comedy based on Dickens's "Christmas Story." An omnibus of ten short films by ten young directors. The film will be based around three of Hoffmann's tales (Klein Zaches, The Golden Pot and The Sandman), with the main character being Hoffmann himself. In particular, it will focus on the duality between the imaginative universe of his writings and his real-life profession as a government clerk (which will be based on his letters and journals) In answer to an orphan boy's prayers, the divine Lord Krishna comes to Earth, befriends the boy, and helps him find a loving family. Set right before Christmas, Niko the reindeer must deal with his mom getting re-married and his being tasked with looking after his little stepbrother. At a hospital in New York, Alex, a police officer, meets Leo, a boy who has the ability to get out of his body and pass through the walls like a ghost. Both team up with Mary, an intrepid journalist, to capture a disfigured villain who terrorizes the city. This is a musical by Mike Batt based on Lewis Carroll's nonsense poem. Mike Batt conducts the London Symphony Orchestra. The tale of an ordinary garden snail who dreams of winning the Indy 500.  The story of the last Seal Child's journey home. After their mother's disappearance, Ben and Saoirse are sent to live with Granny in the city. When they resolve to return to their home by the sea, their journey becomes a race against time as they are drawn into a world Ben knows only from his mother's folktales. But this is no bedtime story; these fairy folk have been in our world far too long. It soon becomes clear to Ben that Saoirse is the key to their survival. American high school sweethearts, Wade and Lisa, travel to Australia to experience nature at its finest. As their relationship strains, they head inland to Uluru, navigating remote dirt roads with an unreliable GPS. Soon, they find themselves stranded and ill- prepared and, with only each other to rely on, the two are driven to extremes in order to stay alive in the harsh and unforgiving Outback. Takes audience on a 14 billion light year journey of the mind, heart and spirit from the big bang to the near future via the Cassini-Huygens Mission at Saturn  In a cabin of the deep of the forest, a child and his father leas a wild and hard life in utmost isolation. The child grows up fearing and admiring his father, with the ghosts haunting the forest as his only companions. Until the day he discovers the neighbouring village and meets a young girl there, Manon. At her side, he discovers that love exists. From then on he won't cease to search for the place where his father's love for him is hiding. Family film directed by Sheldon Renan. There is a plot under way to change the course of history. Four kids are chosen to be the Freedom Force--a gang of unlikely heroes who travel through time to change the outcome of sacred stories. Skipper, Kowalski, Rico and Private join forces with undercover organization The North Wind to stop the villainous Dr. Octavius Brine from destroying the world as we know it. Throughout his life Edward Bloom has always been a man of big appetites, enormous passions and tall tales. In his later years, he remains a huge mystery to his son, William. Now, to get to know the real man, Will begins piecing together a true picture of his father from flashbacks of his amazing adventures. This is a film about the life of Gus Edwards, a well known vaudeville composer, entertainer, and producer. Set in the same world as Archon Defender, this film follows the quest of a young woman, Desmerelle, as she confronts Lorem to free her twin sister Phaetra from the machine. Everybody is excited to see the arrival of spring. This film tries to depict the excitement spring brings. Tokyo, Winter. Despite the use of the Youth Ordinance Bill to enforce curfews for minors and regulate the use of the Internet, young people continue to fight for their own freedom through underground methods. One such group calls themselves Surat. They have decided to take on Fumito Nanahara, a man who has great influence on the political world, and basically controls Tokyo with an iron fist. While using the Internet as a weapon to discover more information about Fumito, they learn about "Tower", the secret organization behind Fumito which engages in human experimentation. Kate is secretly betrothed to a struggling journalist, Merton Densher. But she knows her Aunt Maude will never approve of the match, since Kate's deceased mother has lost all her money in a marriage to a degenerate opium addict. When Kate meets a terminally ill American heiress named Millie traveling through Europe, she comes up with a conniving plan to have both love and wealth. It is the age of Imperial Rome.Young Timo is an orphan of Pompeii's terrible eruption, adopted be general Chirone and raised in the famous Gladiator's Academy in Rome. Is this the beginning of a new legend? The legend of a great hero? Not so much! Timo is not exactly gladiator material! He just wants to hang out with his friends, Ciccius and Mauritius, and avoid his stepfather's bizarre training sessions at all costs! However, when Timo meets the lovely Lucilla, he decides to change his life and bring out the valour inside himself - valour that has never shown itself before. Through spells, crazy raids in the woods and terrible trainings of a very personal lady trainer, Timo has to transform himself into the greatest gladiator of all time. And as they say, if "fortune favours the bold" in Rome ... hard times are awaiting Timo! Anina Yatay Salas is a ten-year-old whose name spells trouble: those three palindromes in a row are an ongoing source of teasing at school. When a playground fight results in mysterious punishment, Anina will learn to put her problems in perspective and empathize with others in this sweet little daydream of a tale. A lonely woman struggles to reconcile her relationship with a man and the talking fruits, vegetables, and evil ham that occupy her house. Trained in the skills of sea power, Pi the fish can fight a shark, sink a squid or batter any random predator that ever threatens his friends and neighbors on the reef. Unfortunately, being the only hero in town can take its toll, especially when a group of sharks declares that the end of the reef is soon at hand. New animation featuring the Olsen Gang, the legendary trio of small-time crooks with big money dreams. John Cleese, Michael Palin, Terry Jones and Terry Gilliam pay tribute to their late Monty Python colleague Graham Chapman in this hilarious, 3-D animated adaptation of Chapman's brazenly fictionalized life story. (TIFF) An epic journey into the world of dinosaurs where an Apatosaurus named Arlo makes an unlikely human friend. Red, Chuck, Bomb and the rest of their feathered friends are surprised when a green pig suggests that they put aside their differences and unite to fight a common threat. Aggressive birds from an island covered in ice are planning to use an elaborate weapon to destroy the fowl and swine. After the disastrous food storm in the first film, Flint and his friends are forced to leave the town. Flint accepts the invitation from his idol Chester V to join The Live Corp Company, which has been tasked to clean the island, and where the best inventors in the world create technologies for the betterment of mankind. When Flint discovers that his machine still operates and now creates mutant food beasts like living pickles, hungry tacodiles, shrimpanzees and apple pie-thons, he and his friends must return to save the world. The film's plot follows that of the game closely. Nariko, a member of an ancient tribe who have guarded an ancient magical sword for thousands of years, is charged with bringing the sword to its destined wielder, a deity reincarnated who will bring peace to the land. But on her quest, Nariko must wield the sword herself against the forces of King Bohan, who wishes to possess the weapon himself. A lifelong love of flight inspires Japanese aviation engineer Jiro Horikoshi, whose storied career includes the creation of the A-6M World War II fighter plane. The evil wizard Gargamel creates a couple of mischievous Smurf-like creatures called the Naughties that he hopes will let him harness the all-powerful, magical Smurf-essence. But when he discovers that only a real Smurf can give him what he wants, and only a secret spell that Smurfette knows can turn the Naughties into real Smurfs, Gargamel kidnaps Smurfette and brings her to Paris, where he has been winning the adoration of millions as the world1s greatest sorcerer. It's up to Papa, Clumsy, Grouchy, and Vanity to return to our world, reunite with their human friends Patrick and Grace Winslow, and rescue her! Will Smurfette, who has always felt different from the other Smurfs, find a new connection with the Naughties Vexy and Hackus or will the Smurfs convince her that their love for her is True Blue? A fatal plane crash changes the lives of Roman and Jake forever. Roman loses his wife and daughter in the accident, while Jake loses his mind--as he happens to be the air traffic controller who failed to avert the nightmare. Rage and revenge engulfs Roman and Jake finds himself swamped with guilt and regret. We take a look at what it means to be an actor, what it takes to be an actor and ways to make it as an actor. We do this through the use of interviews across the country with striving actors as well as actors who have "made" it. Like always, Postman Pat is happily going about his duty delivering letters and parcels around the fictional town of Greendale. One day, auditions for the TV talent show, "You're the One", are held in Greendale, which Pat manages to pass. With Pat required to be away from Greendale whilst participating in the contest, various Patbot 3000 robots are deployed to take Pat's postal duties. This soon turns out to be an evil plot to take over the world, which Pat must now stop. In 2024, the computer network prevails throughout the daily life. Arishiro Sora is a 14 year old girl. One day, she is invited to an online game "The World". After an accident in the game, the real world begins to deform. A frog who hates the water and jumping wishes that he could be like the other animals in the Amazon rainforest. A quixotic artist hypothesizes about why he feels bad when a mystery girl stands him up. The event prompts him to ask: what's the content of a momentary feeling? Is it the sum of your experiences? And perhaps more importantly, are your experiences the sum of you? When the Spanish Civil War came to an end, Manuel Cortes was unable to flee the country. After a long journey, he managed to get back home in the dark without being discovered. His wife, Juliana, told him how the winning forces were shooting many of their fellow citizens. Manuel and Juliana decided to dig a small hole in the wall for Manuel to hide in. He could not even begin to imagine that this small hideaway was to become his private jail for the following 30 years. This is the story of the so-called post-war moles, people who had to put their lives on hold in order to escape from the repression imposed by the victors of the civil war. Love stories in Yopougon, a neighborhood of the Ivory Coast capital Inspired by the true story of the first giraffe to visit France, Zarafa is a sumptuously animated and stirring adventure, and a throwback to a bygone era of hand-drawn animation and epic storytelling set among sweeping CinemaScope vistas of parched desert, wind-swept mountains and open skies.  Under the cover of darkness a small boy, Maki, loosens the shackles that bind him and escapes into the desert night. Pursued by slavers across the moon-lit savannah, Maki meets Zarafa, a baby giraffe - and an orphan, just like him - as well as the nomad Hassan, Prince of the Desert. Hassan takes them to Alexandria for an audience with the Pasha of Egypt, who orders him to deliver the exotic animal as a gift to King Charles of France. 009 Re:Cyborg follows a group of nine cyborgs, each of them created by a shadowy organization for use as weapons against humanity. The group turns on their creators to protect the population instead, using the powers given them to fight their creators. This special is showing a day of Eclair's life as a prologue to the movie Houou no Miko. A distant Federation outpost Fort Casey comes under attack by bugs. The team on the fast attack ship Alesia is assigned to help the Starship John A. Warden stationed in Fort Casey evacuate along with the survivors and bring military intelligence safely back to Earth. Carl Jenkins, now ministry of Paranormal Warfare, takes the starship on a clandestine mission before its rendezvous with the Alesia and goes missing in the nebula. Now, the battle-hardened troopers are charged with a rescue mission that may lead to a much more sinister consequence than they ever could have imagined.... Two mischievous kids hypnotize their mean elementary school principal and turn him into their comic book creation, the kind-hearted and elastic-banded Captain Underpants. Old farmer Pesonen gets a kitten from his neighbour Mrs Kosonen and calls the cat Viiru. When Viiru starts to talk, the two become inseparable friends. Documentary about the English musician and broadcaster Ken Sykora. A troubled group of children living on the same block are haunted by a talking dog named Labby who brings them on surreal hell-rides between different dimensions and time periods. Growing up can be a bumpy road, and it's no exception for Riley, who is uprooted from her Midwest life when her father starts a new job in San Francisco. Riley's guiding emotions-- Joy, Fear, Anger, Disgust and Sadness--live in Headquarters, the control centre inside Riley's mind, where they help advise her through everyday life and tries to keep things positive, but the emotions conflict on how best to navigate a new city, house and school. After breaking out of a rehabilitation zoo, Frankie, a squirrel with all the angles, returns to his forest. He learns from his dim-witted best friend, Cody, a porcupine and street-con, that while he was in lock-up, the entire forest was picked clean by The A.C.O.R.N.S. Institute (Alternative Cosmetic Oils for Regenerative Natural Skin-care). No acorn was left behind. With winter just around the corner, it's a potentially devastating blow to all forest critters. So, Frankie has no choice but to bust into the brand new, state-of-the-art, rodent-proof A.C.O.R.N.S. Processing Plant and take back all of the acorns! Though a seemingly impossible heist, success would not only save the lives of his forest friends, but it would also give Frankie a chance to win back the love of his life, Lola, a local "show squirrel." Sadly, Lola has been burnt by too many of Frankie's false promises in the past. The small plane Tinny dreams of becoming a hero, but in a friendly team of inveterate planes he does not get recognition. One day, despite the captain Ben's ban, he sets off to save people from fire, but his life gets in danger, and the captain saves him at the cost of his own life. Out of misery, guilt and fear to take off Tinny leaves the team and starts working at mine. But suddenly the raging fire makes him recollect past times and he rushes to the aid of his friends without fear. Compilation of episodes 1-2 of the Space Battleship Yamato 2199 TV anime. Woody Woodpecker is back with his signature laugh, wacky antics and wisecracks in the first ever live-action/animated film. Woody must protect his forest home from Lance Walters (Timothy Omundson) who starts building his dream mansion in the forest with his son, Tommy and fiancee Vanessa (Thaila Ayala). To make matters worse, he must avoid the clutches of two grizzly poachers. With a series of crazy hijinks to sabotage their plans, Woody proves he'll stop at nothing to defend his turf. Get ready for big laughs in this hilarious comedy about everyone's favourite woodpecker! A Norman pirate ship berths at the quay of the small Galician town of Tui, with orders to sack the village. Bieito Dubidoso, barely 9 years old but armed with startling magic powers, manages to get them expelled. The news of the miracle spread like wildfire all over the region and, from then on, he will be widely known as "The Little Wizard". Together with his inseparable friend Destreza, he will embark on endless adventures and will face Bishop Juan, lord and master of the city, who will not forgive Bieito for showing him as a coward to his vassels. Will The Little Wizard keep himself safe in his adventures? The story of four friends who learn important values through gaming and competition, such as the true meaning of respect for others, admiration for key figures in their lives and the value of true friendship. Kibit, Mara, Plunk and Berdi face difficult situations and fight against their own fears, winning the Great Z-Baw Tournament. During their journey, they also face enemies and people more powerful than they are, such as Mr. Zax, who only wants to control Mantar Planet. They also have people supporting them in achieving their dream, like the big Z-Baw legend Rah, whose experience and talent turns them into good players so the story of a great team can be told. Kogoro's detective agency receives a mysterious phone call. Someone on the other end warns about a bomb and leaves behind a code, "The Boy in Blue and The Blue Zebra, the rain from above ..." If Conan can decipher the riddle, he can stop the bomb. An adventure begins for Conan and the Detective Boys, taking place at a soccer match between Hideo Akagi of the Tokyo Spirits and Ryusuke Higo of Big Osaka After her werewolf lover unexpectedly dies in an accident, a woman must find a way to raise the son and daughter that she had with him. However, their inheritance of their father's traits prove to be a challenge for her. Two best friends set out to rescue their pal after he's accidentally dragged to hell. When Damon Miller, a talented, young London filmmaker becomes involved in the disturbing research surrounding Near-Earth Objects he stumbles onto the discovery that the Earth stands on the brink of an extraterrestrial disaster. Brilliant and wealthy Dr. Andrew Casey is a serial killer who goes by the name 'The Chef'. One night eleven years ago his wife found out. He was arrested and imprisoned at Marathon County Asylum for the criminally insane. Eleven years pass and he is released, completely rehabilitated and moves to Los Angeles under the alias Mr. Jack Conway. Yuppie and former teacher, Johnathon Poe, a descendant of the famed writer Edgar Allan Poe and a brilliant writer in his own right is about to form a bond with the chef as the great doctor begins his spree of killings and cannibalism again. Padak is beautiful and cruel, sad and lively. Planned in 2007, this feature-length CG animation film shares the realistic trend of the recent Korean animation, but manages not to lose the delicate sensibility inherent to animation. The world seen by the live fish in the water tank of a sushi restaurant shows the stifling modern city life of people who live according to set rules. The fish do not know when their life would end, and the power game and conflicts created in small tank provide interesting allegories. The unique characters tailored for a mackerel, flatfish and bass add funny and moving stories. The fish's movement and water texture enhance the true beauty of animation. Also, musical-style scenes that appear at intervals display a feast of colors and lines flowing across the screen with sorrowful music, as if to console the exhausted life of city people. Pip thought he had it all, a pampered lifestyle, huge mansion and adoring owners, that is until the Taylor family booked an African safari. Pip finds himself separated from his clan, which forces him to reluctantly adapt to a new way of life in the jungle. As he bridges the divide between feuding wildlife he learns that caviar and manicures can never bring the same happiness as friendship. Soledad is a folclore singer and Larguirucho a beloved cartoon character; both from Argentina. The movie follows both in their adventures accompanied by numerous songs. When little fish Kevin is swept up in a net and taken from his home in the vast oceans to the small glass fish tank of a restaurant, he must find a way to escape and make his way back home. Upon being told his doctor's office no longer has appointment reminder cards, 77 year-old Sherman's day is turned upside down, resulting in many innocent lives falling into immediate danger. In this horrifically funny animated film, lives will be lost and things will explode in the darkest and wildest cartoon allowed in the U.S.! The makers of this film have spent the past 3 years and traveled to 14 countries interviewing Politicians, Clinical Psychologists from the United Nations, Spiritual Missionaries and have spoken to ordinary people who have faced extreme adversity. And the questions is posed... Where do we obtain our strength and inner power in a time of crisis? Personal stories of ordinary people from Kenya (Post Election Violence), USA (9/11 Attacks), Israel / Palestine (Political Conflict) and UK (Political Assassination) have been projected in this film in an animated form. The final message that goes in the film is: 'No matter how critical the situation of the world may be, but still there is HOPE for Peace... Guts, an immensely strong sword-for-hire, has little direction in his life, simply fighting one battle after the next. However, this all changes suddenly when he meets and is bested by Griffith, a beautiful and charismatic young man who leads the Band of the Hawk mercenary army. After Guts joins the Band and the relationship between the two men begins to blossom, Casca, the tough, lone swordswoman in the Band of the Hawk, struggles to accept Guts and the influence he has on the world around her.  While the two men begin to fight together, Griffith continues to rise to power, all seemingly in order to reach his mysterious, prophesied goals. What lengths will Guts and Griffith go to in order to reach these goals, and where will fate take the two men? A film about imagination, in which the protagonist goes on internal journeys around the world, overcoming fears and making new discoveries. Several people volunteer for a scientific experiment about mind-reading and memory, but the experiment goes horribly wrong. Kasahara Iku and Dojo Atsushi receive an emergency recall in the middle of their date as Japan is rocked by a terror attack. Their new duty is a protection detail assigned to Touma Kurato, an author. Meanwhile, the relationship between Librarians and the Media Purity Committee is also worsening. During yet another hostile confrontation, Dojo is seriously wounded. Although Kasahara is badly flustered by this turn of events, Dojo still sees fit to entrust her with Touma's protection. Peter Parker and his friends go on a summer trip to Europe. However, they will hardly be able to rest - Peter will have to agree to help Nick Fury uncover the mystery of creatures that cause natural disasters and destruction throughout the continent. A man-cub named Mowgli fostered by wolves. After a threat from the tiger Shere Khan, Mowgli is forced to flee the jungle, by which he embarks on a journey of self discovery with the help of the panther, Bagheera and the free-spirited bear, Baloo. Friends from the land of the Fairy Tale Tree become trapped in Winterland and must find 5 magical crystals to return home. The film narrates the love between Janaina and a native warrior who, when dying, takes the form of a bird. For six centuries, the story of the couple survives through four stages in the history of Brazil: 1500, when the country was discovered by the Portuguese explorers, 1800, in events during slavery; 1970, during the high point of the military dictatorship, and 2096, when there will be a war over water. In 2016, Montana opened its doors to refugees for the first time this century. RENGA FOR THE WEST explores the relationship between new refugee arrivals and long-time Montanans through a tapestry of self-directed first-person stories. Warriors called "Saints" are the champions of hope who have always appeared since the Age of Myth whenever evil threatens the world. In this present day story, many years since the long fought "Holy War" we find Saori Kido, a girl troubled by her mysterious powers. She is saved by a boy, Seiya "Bronze Saint" from a sudden attack by an assassin, through the accident Saori realizes her destiny and mission and decides to go to "Sanctuary" with Seiya and his company of Bronze Saints. In Sanctuary they confront "Pope" and wage a desperate battle against the greatest Saints, the "Gold Saints". This is a modern pirate story complete with a captain, a mutinous crew of outlaws, a princess, her wedding dress and untold riches. Only one thing is missing: the ship. According to legend, Vulchan, a 19th-century gypsy pirate, attacked three convoys laden with gold. He robbed them, sunk them and hid his treasure by the coast. Fast forward to present day. Captain Jack, an ex-con himself, leads a motley bunch of homeless outcasts--alcoholics and petty criminals--in a search for the hidden loot. But their hopes of riches and glory are threatened when the brother of the Bulgarian Prime Minister announces plans to build a new mega tourist resort by the Black Sea. An ex-con reunites with his estranged wayward 16-year old daughter to protect her from drug dealers who are trying to kill her. When a magic carpet is compelled by an enchanted ring stolen by thieves during a fashion show, the girls are taken on an unexpected journey to help find a genie lamp and to rescue it before it falls into evil hands. Along the way, the girls make a new friend, Alla, and help her discover the richest treasure of all - friendship! Compelled by the theft of an enchanted ring, a magic carpet gathers a group of girls for a magical journey in search of a genie lamp that must be saved before it falls into the wrong hand. Along the way, the girls meet a new friend who helps them discover that friendship is the most valuable treasure of them all. A fugitive rehabilitates a young genius at the cusp of a technological breakthrough while evading the cross-hair of the world's greatest superpower. Kaz Suyeishi, an atomic bomb survivor, revisits her past experiences during her early years in Hiroshima, Japan. Santos, a fighter finished pacheco overweight and suffers from his recent divorce with Busty Mendoza, a voluptuous and wild woman fighter. To get out of your depression, Santos begins a campaign to help Sahuayo Zombies (gray and harmless characters with which fully identifies). However, his philanthropic campaign soon becomes a very profitable business that leverages Santos for their benefit. The population becomes a zombie plague and Busty Santos threatens to dispose of them. However, the Peyote Murderer (rivals Santos) who gets rid of the zombies. But the world without zombies turns out to be worse than anyone could have imagined and the only chance to save the nation is that the Saints and the Peyote work together to return to repopulate the world Sahuayo zombies. The Snow Queen is a powerful story of friendship and the triumph of love over wickedness. The story follows a young woman who is forced to battle the wicked snow queen in order to save the soul of the man she loves. Larry hosts the biggest, the silliest, most excellent countdown of Silly Songs in the history of Silliness! Find out the #1 songs from first and second decades of VeggieTales Silly Songs, voted on by you - the fans!! PLUS witness the debut of an all-new, sure-to-be-favorite Silly Song picked from thousands of fan submitted entries! The special bond that develops between plus-sized inflatable robot Baymax, and prodigy Hiro Hamada, who team up with a group of friends to form a band of high-tech heroes. A retrospective documentary about the groundbreaking horror series, Friday the 13th, featuring interviews with cast and crew from the twelve films spanning 3 decades. Speckles, a ferocious tarbosaurus and his young son junior, mourning the loss of their family in an epic battle, roam the lands in search of food, adventure and peace. Under the watchful eye of his dad, Junior is growing up healthy and strong, but with an overconfidence thanks to his young age. After one encounter results in Junior being kidnapped, Speckles embarks on an adventure to the ends of earth to find his son. Encountering friend and foe, ally and enemy, Speckles will stop at nothing and will take on all corners to save his offspring. A messed-up astronaut runs from the deadly black fog that slowly covers everything. He seems to have only a short memory but he needs to find a way out. We repeatedly follow him through different strange scenes where he seems to meet the same people on an on again, but each time they are different and the stories they tell seem to differ as well. The film focuses on a universal problem solving situation rather than on classic linear storytelling. Nearly 15 years in the making, Chris Sullivan's Consuming Spirits is a meticulously constructed tour de force of experimental animation. Shooting frame by frame in 16mm, Sullivan seamlessly blends together a range of techniques--cutout animation, pencil drawing, collage, and stop-motion animation--into a distinct, signature visual style. In the process, he constructs a hypnotic, layered narrative, a suspenseful gothic tale that tracks the intertwined lives of three kindred spirits working at a local newspaper in a Midwestern rust belt town. The accumulation of these images builds to a great atmospheric effect, achieved through an adroit combination of inventive set design, ever-shifting visual perspectives, fluid camera movements, a vivid color palette, and a haunting music track. Sullivan succeeds in creating, with great artistry, a hermetic, self-contained world emanating from his own unique and vivid imagination. (Jon Gartenberg, Tribeca Film Festival) When yet another anniversary passes without a marriage proposal from her boyfriend, Anna decides to take action. Aware of a Celtic tradition that allows women to pop the question on Feb. 29, she plans to follow her lover to Dublin and ask him to marry her. Fate has other plans, however, and Anna winds up on the other side of the Emerald Isle with handsome, but surly, Declan -- an Irishman who may just lead Anna down the road to true love. For over 20 years, Shihad has defined New Zealand rock music. From their roots in Wellington's furious 90's punk metal scene, to the wild Berlin days, the tragic overdose of their manager, the international explosion of The General Electric, and the infamous American name-change, Shihad: Beautiful Machine asks - what went wrong?  More than a documentary, this is an all-access pass to an extraordinary rock saga, charting a legendary band's fight with fame, fortune, the industry, and finally - itself. The journey of Manolo, a young man who is torn between fulfilling the expectations of his family and following his heart. Before choosing which path to follow, he embarks on an incredible adventure that spans three fantastical worlds where he must face his greatest fears. 1892, Saint Petersburg. Sasha, a young Russian aristocrat, has always been fascinated by her grandfather's life as an adventurer. A renowned explorer, he designed a magnificent arctic ship, but he hasn't returned from his last expedition to the North Pole. To save her family's honor, Sasha runs away. Headed towards the Great North, she follows her grandfather's trail in search of his famous ship. The events of Battle of Gods take place some years after the battle with Majin Buu, which determined the fate of the entire universe. After awakening from a long slumber, Beerus, the God of Destruction is visited by Whis, his attendant and learns that the galactic overlord Frieza has been defeated by a Super Saiyan from the North Quadrant of the universe named Goku, who is also a former student of the North Kai. Ecstatic over the new challenge, Goku ignores King Kai's advice and battles Beerus, but he is easily overwhelmed and defeated. Beerus leaves, but his eerie remark of "Is there nobody on Earth more worthy to destroy?" lingers on. Now it is up to the heroes to stop the God of Destruction before all is lost. It all begins when Grandpa Yolotl disappears. Matias, Claudio, Pato, Katy and loyal dog Duke uncover signs that will lead them to a great adventure, facing unimaginable creatures, astonishing characters - that once belonged to an ancient civilization, and a couple of rogue treasure hunters. The promise of their grandfather is the force that will guide these heroes, ready for anything, provided they always stay together and discover the secret of the jade medallion. Lida, a careerdriven woman in her late 20s in the developing metropolis of Phnom Penh, Cambodia, sells modern and upscale real estate developments to the growing middle and upper class in contemporary Cambodia. Lida may be thriving as a top real estate agent, but in her personal life , her relationship with her photographer boyfriend is deteriorating. Unable to escape the trauma and prison of her interior monologue, she travels to the quiet beach town of Kep, Cambodia, with her close companions. While the growth and modernization of the city promote an urban and cultural erasure, Kep reveals treasures from Cambodia's heritage. It is there that Lida discovers that the specters from the past haunt in sublime and beautiful ways. Continuing his "legendary adventures of awesomeness", Po must face two hugely epic, but different threats: one supernatural and the other a little closer to his home. Nobita and Doraemon use time tree Mochi and catches a big bird Moa, which has been extinct for 500 years ago. To protect extinct the animal, Nobita and Doramon go to Beremon Island which is protected by a golden beetle named Herakles. They meet a girl from the Rokkoro tribe and a boy who looks exactly like Nobita on Beremon Island ... McDull: The Pork of Music is virtually a musical, describing how the kindergarten, now destitute in HK's depressed economy, forms a student chorus to raise operating funds. The choir, of course, becomes wildly famous, and, guided by shady manager Big M (Ronald Cheng), reaches the apotheosis of HK culture: on stage with superstar Andy Lau. Melody Time is an animated feature produced by Walt Disney and released to theatres by RKO Radio Pictures. Made up of several sequences set to popular music and folk music, the film is, like Make Mine Music before it, the contemporary version of Fantasia. Dory is reunited with her friends Nemo and Marlin in the search for answers about her past. What can she remember? Who are her parents? And where did she learn to speak Whale? Burger Beard is a pirate who is in search of the final page of a magical book that makes any evil plan he writes in it come true, which happens to be the Krabby Patty secret formula. When the entire city of Bikini Bottom is put in danger, SpongeBob, Patrick, Mr. Krabs, Squidward, Sandy, and Plankton need to go on a quest that takes them to the surface. In order to get back the recipe and save their city, the gang must retrieve the book and transform themselves into superheroes. Two young men, one rich, one middle class, both in love with the same woman, become US Air Corps fighter pilots and, eventually, heroic flying aces during World War I. Devoted best friends, their mutual love of the girl eventually threatens their bond. Meanwhile, a hometown girl who's the lovestruck lifelong next door neighbor of one of them, pines away. No two friends are more different than Little Anna and the Tall Uncle. She is short, he is very tall. Little Anna is brave, the Tall Uncle is a scared cat. And yet there is nobody who Little Anna would rather go swimming with, build a tree house with or ride a motorcycle with than the Tall Uncle. And there is nobody the Tall Uncle would rather bake a yummy cake for than his best friend Little Anna. Sammy and Ray, leatherback turtles and friends forever, are enjoying an atoll's water and sand, shepherding new hatchlings Ricky and Ella out to sea. Suddenly, a poacher swoops in and ships them off to be part of a spectacular aquarium show for tourists in Dubai. The kingpin of the place, Big D the seahorse, enlists them in his plans for a great escape. But with their new friends Jimbo the bug-eyed blob fish and Lulu the snippy lobster, Annabel the sweet Octopus, and a whole family of penguins, Sammy and Ray hatch breakout plans of their own. That is when little Ricky and Ella arrive, determined to break in to rescue them. After a series of thrilling adventures and narrow escapes, our heroes head south to meet up with Shelly, Sammy's first and only love. Sixteen years ago, a mysterious masked ninja unleashes a powerful creature known as the Nine-Tailed Demon Fox on the Hidden Leaf Village Konoha, killing many people. In response, the Fourth Hokage Minato Namikaze and his wife Kushina Uzumaki, the Demon Fox's living prison or Jinchuriki, manage to seal the creature inside their newborn son Naruto Uzumaki. With the Tailed Beast sealed, things continued as normal. However, in the present day, peace ended when a group of ninja called the Akatsuki attack Konoha under the guidance of Tobi, the mysterious masked man behind Fox's rampage years ago who intends on executing his plan to rule the world by shrouding it in illusions. Minions Stuart, Kevin and Bob are recruited by Scarlet Overkill, a super-villain who, alongside her inventor husband Herb, hatches a plot to take over the world. Elsa, Anna, Kristoff and Olaf are going far in the forest to know the truth about an ancient mystery of their kingdom. Garden gnomes, Gnomeo & Juliet, recruit renown detective, Sherlock Gnomes, to investigate the mysterious disappearance of other garden ornaments. Three young Inuits set off in search of a promised land to save their clan from starvation. A survey of the physical qualities and metaphysical quandaries of the United States-Mexico border. Follows the boundary and its immediate surrounding topography incrementally from the Gulf of Mexico to the Pacific Ocean. Two best friends, Red and Blue, risk everything to find the greatest treasure of all time. Surayavanshi Ram of Ayodhya, the greatest warrior king that ever lived, was forced to send his beloved wife Sita into exile, thus leading him and his kingdom to despair and towards an empty future. Unknown to Ram, far away in sage Valmiki's hermitage, Sita lives as Vandevi, raising their twin sons, Luv & Kush. Though not aware of their lineage, the twins imbibe wisdom, compassion & combat skills that would put any royal prince to shame. Sita teaches Luv -Kush to always work as a team, secretly hoping that her estranged family would find a way to come together one day. The Colors that Combine to Make White are Important explores the power structure within a failing Japanese glass factory. Two parallel story lines involving the investigation of an suspected employee and that of a stolen painting converge to reveal an exposition on gender and desire. Story of the adventures of three young men from two of the world's metropolis, New State Trinity Capital and Karen village in Northern Thailand. To help save the world from disaster recovery due to global warming. Fifteen years have passed since the Martians' first failed invasion of Earth. The year is 1914, and at the eve of World War I, Mars launches a sudden and more devastating second attack. A small defense force, A.R.E.S., is Earth's only hope. The giant A.R.E.S. battle tripod GOLIATH is called up to war, and its young multinational crew must face their fears in their struggle to save Humanity from the alien invaders. After his mother's death, Zucchini is befriended by a kind police officer, Raymond, who accompanies him to his new foster home filled with other orphans his age. There, with the help of his newfound friends, Zucchini eventually learns to trust and love as he searches for a new family of his own. Hailed as India's first stereoscopic animated film, 'Krishna Aur Kans' is an exciting narrative full of action and drama. The movie chronicles Krishna's early years -- from his birth as the nemesis of his tyrannical uncle Kans. Poor Ivan Olsen is plagued by problems bullied at school and constantly pursued by a gang whose greatest pleasure is filling his pants with water. And when Ivan gets home, his dad doesn't have much sympathy for him either because he is crazy about Tarzan and fails to appreciate Ivan's finer qualities. But one day Ivan gets the chance to live up all of his dad's expectations and give the bullies at school a lesson they will never forget. The big question is whether having superpowers makes life any easier? The year is 1939 - it was then that the Neuroi appeared. Nobody knows where they came from or what their ultimate agenda is, but the fact remains that their attacks drove people out of their towns and cities. In order to take arms against them, humanity develops a new anti-Neuroi weapon called the "Striker Unit." Using the power of magic to fight against the monsters, this new device enhances and amplifies the power of female magic-wielders. To use this device, young witches from all over the world have been brought together to form an elite task force unit called the 501st Joint Fighter Wing, commonly known as the "Strike Witches." Portrait of the Argentinean capital of Buenos Aires by different filmmakers and cartoonists, in four chapters, displaying a rich combination of techniques. Each episode shows its own aspect of the soul of this magical metropolis, in this era of ruthless globalisation. With humour and emotion, and featuring the tango. A year has passed since Menma's ghostly return to the Super Peace Busters. Although the time they spent together during that summer was short, the five members reminisce about what happened as they each write a letter to their lost friend. The story deals with the ego between a jailor(cop) and the prisoner who is subjected to death. Houkago Midnighters is about a human anatomical model that comes to life at midnight in a school. Mexican gunfighter Dave Robles outdraws the town's outlaw-turned-sheriff and is invited to fill the dead man's shoes. But a tin star doesn't bring automatic respectability and Robles is shunned by the town's leading citizens. His popularity with its less-savory element, particularly saloonkeeper Bannister, wanes dramatically, too, as he starts to take his job seriously. It is his love for a decent, caring woman that keeps Dave in town, but can she convince him to lay down his gun and start a new life? Sree Hari Hara Sudhan Swami Ayyappan Movie is Fully 3D Animated Devotional Story of Lord Ayyappan. Blood Trail is a hand-drawn animation which took over two years to complete. With the exception of some of the acting, Emerson Frakes was the sole creator of the film, from drawing, to editing, to the music. The process of creating the film could be compared to creating a work of art for the reasons that the creator had full control over the production, something that rarely occurs in movie making. In the age of 3D animation, Blood Trail reverts back to the roots of animation by using a hand-drawn technique which gives the viewer a unique cinematic experience. The technical aspects of the animation add a comical element that parallel the dark humor found in the story. A noble warrior seeks revenge against the ruler of his kingdom, who killed his father. At the same time, he also ends up upsetting the neighbouring enemy kingdom's ruler. In 202X, Tathagata Killer, a mysterious military leader armed with extraterrestrial technology, stages a coup and becomes the new emperor of the world superpower of Asia. Sho Shishimaru, gifted with prophetic powers, may be the only one standing in the way of Killer's take-over of the entire world. The future of humankind is at stake in this epic struggle, but in its midst, we learn about the mystical laws that rule the world around us. The adventure of a brave girl in the amazing animal land. Directed by Xu Kerr. Centuries of unchecked industrialization have left Earth unsuitable for supporting human life. Rather than trying to restore the ravaged planet, humanity has learned to embrace its changing environment. Feature film. Opil is a plump, 8-year-old boy. In a desperate attempt to stop him from wolfing down junk food, his mother serves him a special dish: the wish fish. But Opil takes it as a joke and wishes that mutant aliens come to Earth and take away all of the fish from the planet. The following day, the wish is fulfilled...and then some! It's a jungle out there for Blu, Jewel and their three kids after they're hurtled from Rio de Janeiro to the wilds of the Amazon. As Blu tries to fit in, he goes beak-to-beak with the vengeful Nigel, and meets the most fearsome adversary of all: his father-in-law. The Band of the Hawk participates in the Midland war campaign. On the bloody battlefield, they conquer decisive victories that lead them to Doldrey, an old fortress that will decide the outcome of the war. A year has passed since Guts parted ways with the Band of the Hawks. Meanwhile, his former mercenary group is plotting a rescue mission to save an imprisoned Griffith. In a fateful bumper car collision, Jake and Ella meet and become the most loving couple in the long history of romance. But when a scheming "other" woman drives a wedge of jealousy into their perfect courtship, insecurity and hatred spell out an untimely fate. With only the help of a disgraced magician and his forbidden "soul machine", Ella takes the form of Jake's numerous lovers, desperately fighting through the malfunction and deceit as they try to reclaim their destiny. Dane Jensen is a driven, Chicago-based headhunter, working at a cut-throat job placement firm. When Dane's boss announces his retirement, he pits Dane against Lynn Vogel, Dane's equally driven but polar-opposite rival at the firm, in a battle for control over the company. Kids will love watching these 10 fun-filled episodes featuring, Flying a Kite, My Cousin Chloe, Daddy Loses His Glasses, Hiccups, Picnic, Mummy Pig's Birthday, Dressing Up, The School Fete, Musical Instruments, and Babysitting. In a peaceful little clearing, the remains of a hastily abandoned picnic sparks a battle between two tribes of ants. A bold young ladybug finds himself caught in the middle. He befriends the leader of the black ants, Mandible, and helps him save the anthill from the assault of the terrible red ant warriors, led by the fearful Butor. A fantastic journey at ground level... In the city of Minato Mirai in Yokohama, the news of Fusion's defeat by the Pretty Cures is the hottest topic in town! Girls everywhere, were in love with the Pretty Cures, are dressing up and acting as their favourite Cures. Only Sakagami Ayumi, the new transfer student, is alone by herself.  On her way home from school, Ayumi encounters a strange creature. After naming it Fuu-chan, Ayumi and the creature soon become good friends. However, Fuu-chan is actually a piece of Fusion, and holds the power of darkness. In an effort to make Ayumi happy, Fuu-chan swallows up everything that Ayumi dislikes, creating chaos in school and throughout the city!  To help bring across Ayumi's true feelings to Fuu-chan, all 28 Pretty Cures were gathered once more. When everyone's power comes together, a miraculous light starts to shine. The Moomins along with Little My and Snorkmaiden had a sea journey that after storms and desert island dangers leads the family to Riviera, the place that takes their unity to the test. Zephyr, now known as Z, rides the seas with only one goal: Destroy all pirates and their dreams at becoming King of Pirates. When Luffy and his crew encounter him at sea, not only are they utterly defeated by the man with an arm made of Seastone, Nami, Robin, and Chopper are turned 10 years younger due to Z's minion Ain. Luffy is so determined to win against him that he does not even notice Z's master plan that could sacrifice thousands of lives. Despite his family's baffling generations-old ban on music, Miguel dreams of becoming an accomplished musician like his idol, Ernesto de la Cruz. Desperate to prove his talent, Miguel finds himself in the stunning and colorful Land of the Dead following a mysterious chain of events. Along the way, he meets charming trickster Hector, and together, they set off on an extraordinary journey to unlock the real story behind Miguel's family history. An adaptation of Guy de Maupassant's short story Boule de Suif. Tom is a down-and-out bond broker struggling to keep his business afloat, a legacy of his brother who passed away on 9/11. Claire is a fledgling actress from a small town starting over after a personal tragedy of her own. As their lives cross, Tom must face the decision to let go of his fears and acknowledge deeper feelings for Claire or withdraw to his comfort zone. Tom's best friend, Simone, has an identity crisis and an appetite for short-term gratification. Mario, Tom's wing man and a wine enthusiast, must contend with trappings that come with being a womanizer. In the urban maze of New York, the four struggle to say goodbye to old ways to find a better tomorrow. Computer-generated animation about the daily lives of dinosaurs, narrated by Werner Herzog. Bill struggles to put together his shattered psyche, in this feature film version of Don Hertzfeldt's animated short film trilogy. Tori is a blonde princess who is bored of living her royal life, and has dreams of becoming a popstar. Keira, on the other hand, is a brunette popstar who dreams of being a princess. When the two meet, they magically trade places, but after realising it is best to be themselves. In this classic story by one of the world's best-loved and acclaimed storytellers for children, the man in the moon looks down on the happy, dancing people on Earth every night, wishing he could join them. He hitches a ride on a passing comet, but quickly finds himself thrown into jail by people who see him as an invader, rather than a friendly visitor. The Moon Man, however, has a most unusual - but perfectly logical - means of escape, and sets out to make his way back home. In this fully animated, all-new take on the Smurfs, a mysterious map sets Smurfette and her friends Brainy, Clumsy and Hefty on an exciting race through the Forbidden Forest leading to the discovery of the biggest secret in Smurf history. It's a new school year at the local Junior High School i Kamakura. The school year starts off with a new transfer student Ryoichi Kyogoku who joins the 8th grade class. He has been ordered to join the school, and use his special gift of telepathy and take over their school. This boy who happens to be handsome, and be a charismatic person, gains popularity, and using his powers takes over the entire school, except for Seki. This begins a war to regain their freedom for their school and themselves.  In Sid's very first film debut, Sid and his classmate Gabriela enter a contest and win the exclusive opportunity to visit a new modern science museum before it opens to the public. An inspirational speaker becomes reinvigorated after meeting a lively woman who shakes up his mundane existence. When the fish runs out at the South Pole, Pele Penguin and his parents are forced to move to his uncle Fernandez in Stockholm. Pele has trouble adjusting to big city life and his clothes and way of talking and eating attract mockery. But when Pele falls in love with a penguin girl named Madeleine, his life takes a different turn. In America, size matters. The bigger you are, the more power you have, especially in the business world. Anat Baron takes you on a no holds barred exploration of the U.S. beer industry that ultimately reveals the truth behind the label of your favorite beer. Told from an insider's perspective, the film goes behind the scenes of the daily battles and all out wars that dominate the industry. Legend knows him as an archer of unwavering focus, the soldier who fought a battle in his own heart before taking up arms against his enemy. This is the untold story of Arjun, hero of the Mahabharata. A precocious talent plunged from boyhood and innocence into a murky world of deceit and betrayal, coming of age to become the most powerful warrior of his time. From the dusty plains of Hastinapur to the icy peaks of the Himalayas, Arjun: The Warrior Prince is the story of a man discovering what it takes to be a hero. While sorting through a mess of books in the staff room, Ohana happens upon one of Denroku's log books from long ago. Within it, it recounts a story of Ohana's mom when she was the same age as her. This fragmented post-apocalyptic narrative utilises live action, song and mind-bending animation to explore the uncertain aftermath of a cataclysmic investment crisis. The Gift is a feature-length film exploring a major transformation in peoples' relationships with animals. The epic emotional journey of a suburban African-American family -- led by a well-intentioned but domineering father -- as they navigate love, forgiveness and coming together in the aftermath of a loss. The grandfather welcomes us into his blue grotto, there was still beautiful memories of childhood to tell Kirikou: the times when he helped the men and women of his village and elsewhere ... He tells us how Kirikou, thanks to his bravery and intelligence, came to the aid of the strong woman. He tells us by what trick the little hero found the grumpy old man, who had been lost in the bush, and how a cherry threatened by the witch was finally able to pass on his knowledge to the villagers. We also discover the secret of a mysterious blue monster, and finally through a flute linked to the family of our small and valiant heroes, the magical power of music. Drama - The time is the 4th century B.C.E. and Persia is one of the most powerful nations in the Middle East with its beautiful capital, Shushan, a jewel in the crown of King Ahasuerus. Everyone enjoys peace and harmony, except the treacherous Haman, the King's chief adviser. One day he decides to exterminate all Persian Jews. Queen Esther and her wise Uncle Mordechai thwart his treacherous plot. Jewish victory over Haman is now widely celebrated by all Jews during the holiday of Purim. Jesus Christ and Gautama Buddha, the founders of Christianity and Buddhism, are living together as roommates in a Tokyo apartment while taking a vacation on Earth. The comedy often involves jokes about Christianity, Buddhism, and all things related, as well as the main characters' attempts to hide their identities and understand modern society in Japan. A magical adventure begins Once upon a time, within a vast and wild forest there was a fantastic Kingdom called Rodencia, a place where wonderful creatures and powerful wizards lived. It's the story of adventures and love of a small mouse called Edam, a clumsy magician's apprentice and the beautiful and confident mouse Brie, who will have to face many dangerous obstacles in order to obtain the power of the princess's tooth and defeat the troop of rats commanded by the evil Rotex who invades Rodencia (the peaceful kingdom of mice), in order to dominate them and take their treasure. In the middle of the forest; the magic of the light and the darkness, the love and resentment will face together. Edam and Rotex will fight and only one will leave victorious. Snoopy embarks upon his greatest mission as he and his team take to the skies to pursue their arch-nemesis, while his best pal Charlie Brown begins his own epic quest. Following Madoka's rewriting of the universe, sacrificing herself and her happy normal days to save all magical girls from the cruel fate that awaited them by wiping witches out of existence, the despair still manifest into creatures known as nightmares. Magical girl Homura Akemi continues to fight alone in the hope that she will be able to see Madoka smile again. These spectacular videos are two full hours of crystal clear, colorful, detailed and ever-changing kaleidoscopes with modern, relaxing background music. Created for enjoyment on your PC or away from the computer on large HDTVs in home theaters. Take a break from the noise and haste of daily life and play 120 minutes of calm, gorgeous, continuously changing fractal kaleidoscopes. Give your eyes a bright and colorful reward while you relax and enjoy the ride as endless patterns and color combinations slowly rotate and evolve in a hypnotic, mesmerizing dance of light.  In this fun family comedy, a village rooster's punctual (and loud!) crowing keeps everyone awake until a group of sleepy locals hatch a scheme to get rid of him. In ancient times they talked of a city in which you could meet youself at birth and on your deathbed. If a city ever existed in which the past and the future were united with the present, it would exist now, and forever... Satou Ichirou once called himself 'Maryuuin Kouga' and behaved as if he were a hero in a fantasy world. His strange behavior caused his classmates to bully him and he left the school. At his new school, he tries to behave like a normal boy, but one day he meets a girl who cosplays with a blue cape. She calls herself "a researcher traveling from the outer world to search for the 'Dragon Terminal'". At first, Ichirou rejects the girl, Satou Ryouko, because her behavior reminds him of his embarrassing past, but he changes his mind after seeing her getting bullied. In order to bring Ryouko back to real life, Ichirou accepts her and his past and begins the final battle as Maryuuin Kouga.  Shimajiro to Fufu no Daiboken: Sukue! Nanairo no Hana (shimazirouto huhuno daibouken ~sukue!Qi Se noHua ~?, Shimajiro and Fufu's Great Adventure: Save the Seven-Colored Flower!) is a 2013 Japanese children's live action/anime film. It's the first film to feature the character Shimajiro. The film is directed by Isamu Hirabayashi and was release on March 15, 2013. Starting as an old-school sleuth story, young Noreen begins investigating the suspicious circumstances surrounding her father's death, uncovering a shocking and sinister conspiracy that has been wreaking havoc in her hometown for years. When the old-old-old-fashioned vampire Vlad arrives at the hotel for an impromptu family get-together, Hotel Transylvania is in for a collision of supernatural old-school and modern day cool. The epic myth of the Minotaur brought to life through computer animation. Flying Paper tells the uplifting story of resilient Palestinian youth in the Gaza Strip on a quest to shatter the Guinness World Record for the most kites ever flown. The unlikely story of 106-year old Chinese American artist Tyrus Wong, and how he overcame poverty and racism in America to become a celebrated modernist painter, Hollywood sketch artist, and "Disney Legend" for his groundbreaking work on the classic animated film, Bambi. A young boy learns to take control over his life when he is shrunk to the size of an insect and has to sail his own toy boat through a flooded cafe. Morten has to be shrunk down before he can grow up. The movie features Ash and his two friends Iris and Cilan, as they help a Keldeo battle against a powerful Dragon-type Pokemon named Kyurem as his test to become a Sacred Swordsman. The quest to find the Paddle Pop gems continues... More than 50 years ago, deaf Scotsman James Duthie cycled from his fishing village to the Arctic cycle. Together with deaf actor / filmmaker Samuel Dore, Matt Hulse set out on the long journey through northern Europe to adapt this story into his first feature film. Hulse mixes fictional and documentary elements into a virtuoso blend: unusual people in fictional Super 8-films, playful animated sequences and archive footage of the era in the countries traversed. Travel to Scotland's far northern highlands and explore the life and remarkable influence of Megan Boyd, fishing fly-maker extraordinaire. Self-taught in this enigmatic, artful craft, Boyd became an internationally renowned artisan and supplier to, among others, Prince Charles. Interviews, animations and images of the stunning Scottish countryside define Eric Steel's lyrical tale of solitary celebrity and the joy of making your mark, even when it was the last thing you planned to do. 'The Mystery in Old Bath bath' is puppet movie created by Quintron and Miss Pussycat as part of the ongoing series 'Trixie and the Treetrunks'. In this adventure the Happy Tree is sick and can't give out secret messages from the Center of the Earth anymore. Marsha, Trixie and Ludwig set out to find a cure by following an old antique map (last message from Happy Tree) to an ancient spa town and a museum for people that can't read. But they are being followed by the greatest jazz drummer in the whole world, who is also a complicated friend and a warlock with a few secrets of his own. Shot in mini-magic with an all star puppet cast. A shallow man falls in love with a 300 pound woman because of her "inner beauty". Found inside a shining stalk of bamboo by an old bamboo cutter and his wife, a tiny girl grows rapidly into an exquisite young lady. The mysterious young princess enthralls all who encounter her - but ultimately she must confront her fate, the punishment for her crime. Topper thinks summer vacation is boring. He misses his father who is sailing the seven seas. He can't figure out Sille who's cute. And his best friend, Viggo, always has to help out his punctilious dad, Mr Lion, in the cafe on the first floor of the red house where Topper lives on the top floor with his mother. One day, Topper finds a magic pencil and when he draws a rhino on the wall, the drawing comes to life! While Topper and Viggo try to keep the rhino, which they name Otto, well fed with black bread and raspberry soda before it devours all the furniture, Mr Lion pleads with the local authorities to come and remove the stomping pachyderm. "The Phantom Tollbooth: Beyond Expectations" is a documentary that playfully explores the creation, creators, lasting impact and enduring relevance of one of the most universally beloved children's books of our time. Through interviews, animation and archival materials, the documentary traces the friendship between author Norton Juster and Pulitzer Prize-winning artist Jules Feiffer, and the wit and wisdom of the novel over half a century. In a California desert town, a short-order cook with clairvoyant abilities encounters a mysterious man with a link to dark, threatening forces. Takao, who is training to become a shoemaker, skipped school and is sketching shoes in a Japanese-style garden. He meets a mysterious woman, Yukino, who is older than him. Then, without arranging the times, the two start to see each other again and again, but only on rainy days. They deepen their relationship and open up to each other. But the end of the rainy season soon approaches ... This time, Alyosha Popovich Dobrinya and Ilya Muromets, thanks insidious wiles of Baba Yaga, are the seven seas on the island where the natives live and terrible Gomuma. In their absence, the merchant Kolyvan decide together with Baba-Yaga take the kingdom, and the power to take away from the prince of Kiev. To help the hapless governor comes horse Julius and wife heroes and their extended family. In short, the heroes and the audience for adventures on distant shores, ordinary and extraordinary. Anger rages in Philip as he awaits the publication of his second novel. He feels pushed out of his adopted home city by the constant crowds and noise, a deteriorating relationship with his photographer girlfriend Ashley, and his own indifference to promoting the novel. When Philip's idol Ike Zimmerman offers his isolated summer home as a refuge, he finally gets the peace and quiet to focus on his favorite subject: himself. Iwan mistakens as his cousin, a princess on the run from assassins from virtual world. Whilst sending the princess back to her world, Iwan and his friends are pulled into the virtual world too. To get back to their own world, they have to select 3 challenges, one of which is football - to them it is Bola Kampung. However, they find to their horror that football in the virtual world is played against giant robots. Dance your way to a magical adventure with Barbie as Kristyn, a ballerina with big dreams! When she tries on a pair of sparkling pink shoes, she and her best friend, Hailey, are whisked away to a fantastical ballet world. There, Kristyn discovers she must dance in her favorite ballets in order to defeat an evil Snow Queen. With performances to the legendary Giselle and Swan Lake ballets, it's a wonderful journey where if you dance with your heart, dreams come true! This 3D animated opera deals in a socially critical manner with the topic of illegal immigrants fleeing from Africa to Europe and it is also a story of impossible love between orange boy Maroc, a singing boat refugee, and lemon girl Lisa, who collects singing seashells and dreams about love. Maroc is the brave hero-type, bound by prejudice and poverty. Lisa is the daughter of a rich businessman and tomato ketchup plantation owner. Here we have the fruitier version of Romeo and Juliet - a 3D animated operatic extravaganza! A re-interpretation of Ramayana, the Thai animation film tells the story of a giant robot, Na Kiew, who's left wandering in a barren wasteland after a great war. Na Kiew meets Jao Phuek, a puny tin robot who's lost his memory and is now stuck with his new big friend. Together they set out across the desert populated by metal scavengers, to look for Ram, the creator of all robots. Sinbad, the original Prince of Persia, must complete seven tasks in order to save the world from catastrophe. An ageing judge's use of the death penalty comes back to haunt him. The story is set in 2027, one year after the end of the fourth non-nuclear war. New Port City is still reeling from the war's aftermath when it suffers a bombing caused by a self-propelled mine. Then, a military member implicated in arms-dealing bribes is gunned down.  During the investigation, Public Security Section's Daisuke Aramaki encounters Motoko Kusanagi, the cyborg, wizard-level hacker assigned to the military's 501st Secret Unit. Batou, a man with the "eye that does not sleep," suspects that Kusanagi is the one behind the bombing. The Niihama Prefectural Police detective Togusa is pursuing his own dual cases of the shooting death and a prostitute's murder. Motoko herself is being watched by the 501st Secret Unit's head Kurutsu and cyborg agents. The President wants a military/scientist named Micheal W. Logan dead, after he discovers the Gateway Arch in St. Louis is actually a portal to the Planet X. SKRM (Skultimate Roller Maze) is an annual tournament between Monster High and different monster high schools that consists of a roller derby of dangerous obstacles and mazes. Granite City High, a high school team of gargoyles and Monster High's oldest rivals, won the school crest after defeating them in SKRM, and with it taking the school spirit. This has resulted in the school literally beginning to fall apart, and due to the boys serious injuries after the tournament, they decide not to participate any longer.  This prompts the ghouls to play SKRM in the boys place, and they suit up and begin training. However, the boys protest and claim SKRM is a boys sport only, and they won't help the ghouls train. This only pushes them to work harder, with the goal of making it to the championship game to defeat Granite City High. Curious little penguin Pororo and his friends accidentally cause an airplane to make an emergency landing in their home of Pororo Village. On the airplane are some turtles being shipped to Northpia to deliver ice sleds, or racing ice cars. Nevertheless, Pororo and his friends believe that the turtles are racers, and the turtles end up giving the gang at Pororo Village some lessons and passing on the championship spirit. In the end, Pororo and his friends follow the turtles to Northpia to participate in the race. Upon arriving at icily beautiful Northpia's race, Pororo and his friends wind up unlikely front-runners, ahead of the polar bears, and make it to the finals. However, a more complicated course awaits Pororo and his friends- as does their strongest adversary yet. Beginner DJ Shreds and world-renowned cellist Vladimir Chizhov meet on a noisy street in Moscow barefoot man. Clicking on the strange machine, the characters are moved to the desert planet Plyuk. A remake of the beloved animated film "Kin-dza-dza!" No less fascinating and funny than the original, the adventures of the Shred and Uncle Vova. In this world of sand inhabitants are divided into two categories - patsaks and chatlan, a simple match has incredible value, and the people are met and escorted by the color of his pants. After a construction project begins digging in their neighbourhood, best friends Tuck, Munch and Alex inexplicably begin to receive strange, encoded messages on their cell phones. Convinced something bigger is going on, they go to their parents and the authorities. The three embark on a secret adventure to crack the code and follow it to its source, and discover a mysterious being from another world who desperately needs their help. The journey that follows will change all their lives forever. Space Pirate Captain Harlock and his fearless crew face off against the space invaders who seek to conquer the planet Earth. On the planet Civis 3, the cultural center of a distant galaxy, a small alien boy named Neddie has a dream. He wants to do his part to help save the galaxy from a tyrannical warlord. When Neddie finds an ancient starship from a forgotten era, he and his young friends take flight to stop the evil General Disdain. The Grinch hatches a scheme to ruin Christmas when the residents of Whoville plan their annual holiday celebration. Max the terrier must cope with some major life changes when his owner gets married and has a baby. When the family takes a trip to the countryside, nervous Max has numerous run-ins with canine-intolerant cows, hostile foxes and a scary turkey. Luckily for Max, he soon catches a break when he meets Rooster, a gruff farm dog who tries to cure the lovable pooch of his neuroses.  In this turbulent jungle adventure an outcast coati male has to team up with a quirky spider monkey to save a coati princess from the hands of a human poacher and his mysterious client. When a legendary escape artist comes up for parole after 30 years behind bars, a chance for freedom must be weighed against his infamous past. A plover chick has not learned to fly when his family migrates in the fall. He must survive the arctic winter, vicious enemies and himself in order to be reunited with his beloved one next spring. While Doraemon is asleep, a famous thief comes and steals his cat-bell. Without his cat-bell, Doraemon starts to act more and more like a normal cat. In order to stop this, Nobita, Shizuka, Suneo, and Gian have to go and search for his bell, so they go to a factory where all of Doraemon's gadgets are made. Seevalaperi Pandi is a 1994 Tamil drama film directed by Prathap K. Pothan. The film features Napoleon in lead role making his debut as hero. The film, produced by P. G. Srikanth, had musical score by Adithyan and was released on 23 June 1994. The film is based on the life of 'Seevalaperi' Pandi. Jean's father is always busy at work, so he spends most of his time with his nanny Yvette and neighbour Michelle. His mother is away but nobody talks about her. Luckily Michelle is on hand to read postcards about Mum's Wild West escapades and, even though they seem far fetched at times, they keep Jean happy. At school, the steel marbles Jean takes from his father's factory are valuable playground currency but their removal has unexpected consequences. This delightful, bittersweet animated film, based on the best-selling children's story by Jean Regnaud and Emile Bravo, is a joyous, thought-provoking tale about childhood loss and the need even for adults to hide from the truth at times. (Source: LFF programme) Two small-town sisters who've come to New York City for very different reasons find themselves competing for the affections of a brash magazine photographer. Comedy. Happy Sheep with Greedy Wolf Life of a teenage outsider: what makes him that way and how his anger flares into violence. When they can no longer stomach the ever-growing weed of suburban crime, Jay and Silent Bob take on the mantles of costumed avengers Bluntman and Chronic, smashing the super-villains they accidentally create!  Can the Doobage Duo save their beloved Jersey 'burbs from their new arch enemies, The League of Shitters?  While clearly not the comic book movie the world wants, GROOVY MOVIE is the comic book movie the world needs! A military expedition in Siberia gone wrong. The existence of humanity is in peril as Inanna, Sumerian goddess of lust and war has summoned a giant meteor to destroy the planet, after being accidentally set free from her ancient prison. The government has been overturned in a Communist take-over and the citizens of the world; brainwashed. In humanity's darkest hour, the ancient entity of Gilgamesh, older than the cosmos themselves, must decide whether or not to serve of mankind's final hope. Meanwhile, Inanna has hand selected the one man; married man and archaeologist, David Murphy, to live out the rest of eternity with her. Gilgamesh and Inanna are quickly targeted by the new government as potential weapons of mass destruction, and soon the apocalypse has begun. Chhota Bheem and his friends set out to fight Damyaan, a demon blessed with immortality. However, it is not as easy as they thought it would be. Scotland, 11th century. Driven by the twisted prophecy of three witches and the ruthless ambition of his wife, warlord Macbeth, bold and brave, but also weak and hesitant, betrays his good king and his brothers in arms and sinks into the bloody mud of a path with no return, sown with crime and suspicion. Movie about the legend of the foundation of the Spanish city of Castellon. When a radio falls from the sky into the hands of a wide-eyed Tibetan Mastiff, he leaves home to fulfill his dream of becoming a musician, setting into motion a series of completely unexpected events. Portrait of the pioneer of animation films Lotte Reiniger. See Pingu in these hilarious fun-filled adventures. Pingu spends his days in the South Pole with his family and friends, but the mischievous penguin always manages to get himself into slippery situations. Grab your sled and join the fun and excitement with everyone's favorite little penguin- Pingu! In the film Koma, Kawase explores the relationship between fragile and often tense history between Korea and Japan through the relationship that develops between a third generation Korean-Japanese man, who unexpectedly visits the small and quiet village of Koma, and a Japanese woman, a somewhat mysterious inhabitant of the village. The most fearsome, destructive insect in the galaxy has come to Earth, and famous swashbuckling entomologist Dex Hamilton is on the case. But he's not trying to stop it. He's trying to save it - from the remorseless exterminator Hartley Hunter, whose life's mission is to see all bugs in the galaxy wiped out. It's a rollicking animated sci-fi adventure with legs as Dex Hamilton is all that stands between the forces of evil and the most incredible insect species the galaxy has ever known. There is a series of Buddha statue thefts in Kyoto. Beniko, a high school girl, gets the Buddha statue at her family's temple stolen and has her parents killed at the same time. She needs to know what caused the death of a parents and dreams of revenge. She goes on a fantastical journey to ultimately face the demon. The entire film is produced by hand drawing all the gods 'manifesto animation' or 'gekimation' based on the amazing hand drawings. He lost himself at war and then he awakened in Venice. He was a sniper and he became a photographer because the rifle's telescopic sight is very similar to the camera's viewfinder. Roman Cherpak left his home in Ukraine at the age of 14, he has grown up in Israel and now he raises his two sons in Italy and in Moscow and manages his gallery in Venice's downtown. A criminal produces an uncontrollable laughter to the population and Mortadelo and Filemon will have to stop him. Noel is an 11-year-old girl who despises Christmas. She has lived with her father ever since her parents divorced three years ago, but her father ends up busy at work every Christmas and she cannot play with her friends from school.  On a lonely Christmas Eve, Noel takes her usual apartment complex elevator ride to her home, but when the doors open, she finds herself lost in a humongous factory--owned by Santa Claus. Santa Claus has gone corporate as Santa Company with the motto "Swiftly, surely, secretly." The outfit takes orders and delivers top-notch presents to children in the utmost secrecy. Noel meets some new friends, and together, they take off in a sled to deliver presents. A.D. 2400, DEVA's central council detects an incident of unauthorized access into their mainframe. Someone on Earth was trying to hack into the system. The only information DEVA was able to retrieve was that hacker referred to themselves as "Frontier Setter."  To investigate the mysterious hacker's motives, the high officials of DEVA dispatch system Security Third Officer Angela Balzac to the Earth's surface. Equipped with a prosthetic "material body," Angela attempts to make contact with a local agent Dingo, but what awaited her instead was a swarm of Sandworms now infesting the Earth's surface. Angela intercepts the gruesome pests with her exoskeleton powered suit Arhan. After yet another defeat inflicted by G.I. Joe, the immediate subordinates of Cobra's leader, Cobra Commander, have finally come to the end of their patience with his apparent incompetence and his inability to achieve real victories. The leader of the research and interrogations wing, Dr. Mindbender, receives a dream showing the solution. His plan is to collect the genetic material of great warriors and military leaders to create a composite clone that would be the perfect leader for Cobra. Now they set out to put this scheme into motion, and G.I. Joe has very little time to learn of this plot before Cobra becomes that much more a dire threat to the world. One night, the phone rings in a traditional Portuguese snack bar from the country side. The Spanish Civil Guard is looking for Kunta. He isn't there and till he arrives people speculate about those phone calls and about who is that man. His he a thief? A terrorist? Ratchet and Clank tells the story of two unlikely heroes as they struggle to stop a vile alien named Chairman Drek from destroying every planet in the Solana Galaxy. When the two stumble upon a dangerous weapon capable of destroying entire planets, they must join forces with a team of colorful heroes called The Galactic Rangers in order to save the galaxy. Along the way they'll learn about heroism, friendship, and the importance of discovering one's own identity. When Rainie runs away from home after her mom forgot about her birthday, she is magically transported from the big city to an enchanted jungle in an unfamiliar land, where she meets Blue. With the help of Blue's grandfather and their newfound friend Mulla, they embark on an epic adventure to help Blue become the leader he is destined to be and save the rainforest from the villainous Boss Cain. When Shaun decides to take the day off and have some fun, he gets a little more action than he bargained for. A mix up with the Farmer, a caravan and a very steep hill lead them all to the Big City and it's up to Shaun and the flock to return everyone safely to the green grass of home. An adaptation of the 2010 Chinese video game, Roco Kingdom. The story of the happy, brave and peace-loving moles defeating evils and protecting their home continues. This time they have to protect the secret treasure of the mysterious sirens. They venture onto the ocean to stop the evil magician Kula from destroying all children's dreams. Adam is an unsuccessful writer living in Los Angeles, working as a film critic. He has been depressed ever since his girlfriend broke up with him a year ago, and to make matters worse, has just recently lost his job. Nowadays, he lives day to day, desperately waiting for a miracle that will turn his life around. One day he receives an unexpected visit from his ex-roommate from college, Tom, an egocentric womanizer who lives in Belgium. Adam just wants to be alone and keep to himself, but Tom has other ideas, which includes partying and women. Will Tom's visit give Adam new perspective on life or just make it worse? Traveling along the path of a labyrinth, the viewer passes through a series of extremely diverse landscapes, which are created through lush animation, evocative orchestral music, and rich dialog, in which words are used as much for rhythm and texture as they are for meaning. A man and woman guide us on this trip, taking us past gently falling Mondrian paintings, violent car crashes and bombing raids, and a pair of dancing, multicolored boxes, among many other settings. Based on an improvised performance, 'Suggestive Gestures' leads us gradually and indirectly towards a mysterious animal, hiding in the center of the maze. Teshya Alo is 16 years old and 125 pounds. But on the judo and wrestling mats, she throws women twice her age and pounds heavier. And she beats boys. Now, she has her sights set on taking gold at both the judo and wrestling world championships -- and eventually the Olympics. But it won't be easy. She is younger and less experienced than her opponents -- and lives in Hawaii. The cost of traveling to mainland and international tournaments drains her family's resources. Winning Girl follows the four-year journey of this teenaged judo and wrestling phenomenon and her family, and in so doing tells the dynamic story of an elite athlete on her ascent, a girl facing the challenges of growing up and an entire family dedicated to a single dream. Via a magic mirror, Twilight Sparkle travels into an alternate universe in order to recover a crown that was stolen from the Crystal Empire. Upon her arrival she is horrified to learn that she has turned into a human. For years, the land of Altera has observed an uneasy peace between the humans, the elves, and the beasts who are loyal to the legendary Black Dragon. But when the dragon wakes from its hibernation, mobilizing a force of beasts to make war, a small band of humans and elves unite in a search for the secret road to the dragon's lair. Seven clumsy dwarfs try to undo the spell they unwillingly unleashed and save the fairy tales world with the help of a tired dragon and a butterfly. The evil witch Dellamorta cursed princess Rose when she was a baby. Before she turns 18, Rose will get stung in the finger by a sharp object and she and the whole castle will fall into a hundred year long sleep unless her true love would kiss her. The night before her birthday she sends her bf Jack to the 7 dwarfs, who live behind the 7 mountains to hide until after Rose has turned 18. Unfortunately he gets lost and captured by Dellamorta's dragon Burner. So at the party, Rose gets stung in the finger, and everyone falls into deep sleep. Everyone but the 7 dwarfs of course who will go on a journey to save Jack so he can save Rose. Kurapika became a Hunter to take vengeance on the Class-A crime group Phantom Troupe who massacred his clan for their unique eyes. The eyes of the Kurta clan turn scarlet in times of anger or emotional agitation and are considered the most beautiful treasures in the world. Kurapika continues to pursue the Phantom Troupe but an unknown party has stolen his "scarlet eyes". With the help of Gon, Killua and Leorio, Kurapika' s life was saved. However, the Phantom Troupe shows up before them and blocks their way. The true identity of the one with the No.4 spider tattoo is about to be unveiled. Fish and Chips, the animated series tells the stories of two antagonistic characters, young impressionable "Fish" and his mischievous, lifelong enemy "chips" as they tear across both land and sea in these exciting adventures that are sure to have both children and adults laughing. Fish N' Chips the Movie movie Stars: John Leguizamo, Mario Cantone. Fish N' Chips the Movie video This is the only Dan Krech video. 2500 years ago, in India, Siddhartha was born as a prince of the Shakya clan, but he gives up his position as a prince to see the world. He meets a strange boy named Assaji, who can predict the future, a monk with only one eye and Depa. Siddhartha continues traveling. Siddhartha is overwhelmed by the sufferings he witnesses around him. Meanwhile, Prince Ruri of Kosara begins his attack on the Shakya clan.  Second Buddha movie from Tezuka Productions. Musa, who is only a thirteen-year-old shoe shiner, undergoes destiny through his adventure of waging war during the war time. Will he manage to bring peace among the troops who keep on fighting for nothing? Mariposa becomes the Royal Ambassador of Flutterfield, and is sent to bring peace between her fairy land and their rivals, the Crystal Fairies of Shimmervale. While Mariposa doesn't make a great first impression on  the King, she becomes fast friends with his shy daughter, Princess Catania. However, a misunderstanding causes Mariposa to be banished from their fairy land. As Mariposa and Zee returns to Flutterfield, they encounter a dark fairy on her way to destroy Shimmervale. Mariposa rushes back and helps Princess Catania to save their fairy land and together, the two girls prove that the best way to make a friend, is to be a friend. Determined to prove herself, Officer Judy Hopps, the first bunny on Zootopia's police force, jumps at the chance to crack her first case - even if it means partnering with scam-artist fox Nick Wilde to solve the mystery. Khorshid is a young, aspiring scientist in Tehran. Working together with her best friend Mehrnaz, she hopes to prove that human consciousness and positive energies can affect the molecular ...   1 Way Up tells the inspirational story of Tre and Quillan, two teenage boys on the road to the BMX World Championships. They hope to escape one of the toughest gang neighborhoods in London with the only thing they have - a bike. The film follows them on their path - from early preparations, to victories and defeats on the race track, to relationships with their friends and families. A fantastical tale based on true events, about five women of Signe Baumane's family, including herself, and their battles with depression and madness.  An enigmatic outsider living on a remote Scottish island finds herself caught between her minister husband and the delinquent who is sent to live with them. In 1975, Ryszard Kapuscinski, a veteran Polish journalist, embarked on a seemingly suicidal road trip into the heart of the Angola's civil war. There, he witnessed once again the dirty reality of war and discovered a sense of helplessness previously unknown to him. Angola changed him forever: it was a reporter who left Poland, but it was a writer who returned. Through a series of misunderstandings, Alvin, Simon and Theodore come to believe that Dave is going to propose to his new girlfriend in New York City - and dump them. They have three days to get to him and stop the proposal. When world-famous air racer Dusty learns that his engine is damaged and he may never race again, he must shift gears and is launched into the world of aerial firefighting. Dusty joins forces with veteran fire and rescue helicopter Blade Ranger and his team, a bunch of all-terrain vehicles known as The Smokejumpers. Together, the fearless team battles a massive wildfire, and Dusty learns what it takes to become a true hero. In an underground world where tunnels extend everywhere, even though they live in dark and confined spaces, people wear protective clothes and lead quiet and enjoyable lives. Patema, a princess in her underground village, loves to explore the tunnels. Her favorite place is a "danger zone" that her village prohibits people from entering. Even though she's scolded, Patema's curiosity can't be held back. No one ever explained what the supposed danger was. On her usual trip to the "danger zone," Patema faces unexpected events. When hidden secrets come to light, the story begins to unfold. Mirai Fukuin (lit. The Future's Gospel) is a side story of Kara no Kyoukai novel series. It is divided into two parts, Mobius ring, and Mobius Link.  The villain of the story, the Shadow is back. After the Lion Max have stopped to get the powerful crystals Lion, the Shadow discovered the existence of even more powerful crystals, the crystals of Dinosaur, and will do everything to achieve. The hero of Hello, a friend Leena, the chameleon Tics and porcupine spikes, double humorous film, must travel to the past and try to prevent the crystals from falling into the hands of the dinosaur Shadow. The task proves to be even more difficult because the Shadow has a dangerous new ally: Queen Felina. The Shadow will persuade the Queen Feline traveling back in time through the magical portal of time, of which this is the key, and bring the three power crystals, which are guarded by a powerful or T-Rex, or by fierce Skyhunters or by secret Trispikes. The question is whether Max can conquer the past and thus save the future. Year 2122 (20 years after planetary cataclysm). The invention of the machine to control the weather, by the teacher and his disciple Shivata Hiroku, leads to the death of the teacher. Hiroku and his friend Joe must flee the city sealed Kane City, accused of the crime. With the support of a foreign patron, Nagual, Gaia Defenders created a multiracial group of young people from his headquarters under the Teide Corporation will face Kane directed by the tyrant to save the planet. The film is a collage, an essay and a documentary in tribute to an avant-garde artist and writer Vagrich Bakhchanyan. Viewers are immersed in the absurd and bitterly funny universe of the artist, as scholars and friends reflect on his life, enigma and the mystique of his connection with Kazimir Malevich's famous "Black Square" - an inception point of Russian avant-garde. Raymond Briggs gives a rare glimpse into his world as we visit the animation studios where a small army of people are working to produce the new film, The Snowman and The Snowdog. 12 year-old Adama lives in a remote village in West Africa, sheltered by the Cliffs. Out, beyond, lies "the land of breaths", the kingdom of wicked spirits hungry for war. When Samba, his elder brother, suddenly vanishes from the village, Adama decides to set off in search of him. Accompanied first by Abdou, a tragically lucid griot, then by Maximin, a street urchin who is his own negative twin, he crosses a Europe in the grip of war. We're in 1914. Borne by the energy of desperation and the poetry of childhood, Adama travels to the hell of the frontline in order to free his brother. Ultimately, Adama's love for his brother will open an unexpected way to his initiatory journey. And We Were Young is a stop-motion, silhouette-animation oral history of American soldiers, 'Doughboys,' in the last months of the Great War. Missoula, Montana animator Andy Smetanka cut thousands of paper figures and colored backgrounds and filmed them one frame at a time, on a Soviet-era Super 8 camera, over the course of three years to produce a brutal, hauntingly beautiful, and thoroughly original vision of America's war, narrated entirely in the words of the ones who were there. Six young ninjas are tasked with defending their island home of Ninjago. By night, they're gifted warriors using their skill and awesome fleet of vehicles to fight villains and monsters. By day, they're ordinary teens struggling against their greatest enemy....high school. Freed of her responsibilities with the 501 Organization, Motoko Kusanagi must now learn how to take orders from Aramaki. Someone hacks the Logicomas, and Batou enlists the help of former army intelligence officer Ishikawa and former air artillery expert Borma. Kusanagi also seeks to enlist ace sniper Saito and undercover cop Paz into the new Public Security Section 9.  ANNA ALEXANDROVNA BARKOVA (1901-1976) Journalist and poet, meeting suspicious characters. Involved in immoral love affairs. Work in the Kremlin, fired. 1934 - Arrested, 5 years of penal servitude in Karaganda. Lived in Ukraine during the WWII. 1946 - Arrested, 5 years of penal servitude in the Komi Republic. 1956 - Rehabilitated, disability pension. 1957 - Arrested, 10 years of penal servitude. The film 8 Heads of Madness is about the eternal struggle between the artist and external circumstances, the artist and her demons and longings. 8 Heads of Madness is a drama woven from fragments of an appalling era. An unhappy cross-section of the 20th century in an unhappy country, as seen through the sensitive, perceptive vision of a poet. The atmosphere in True Cross Academy is lively and boisterous in the days leading up to the grand festival held once every 11 years. During this time, Okumura Rin is entrusted with the responsibility of suppressing the berserk Phantom Train. In the midst of his mission, he meets a devil whose appearance is that of a young boy. Ever since the world was born, two forces have been locked in perpetual battle. Their struggle is so Manichean, so ferocious, so Herculean that it makes the clash between good and evil look like a game of checkers! This ancestral duel is so ancient and so merciless that it can only be, Oggy against the Cockroaches! Written by Jiilo_Kim Life is not easy for Laika, a dog on the outskirts of a big Russian city. She is caught and forcibly retrained to become a pioneer in astronautics. Soon after her lift-off into space, a number of animals follow that are hurriedly launched from Houston and Baikonur. The animals travel astray, but finally manage, with the help of a black hole, to colonize a faraway planet. After a short period of harmonious, undisturbed co-existence with indigenous life forms, however, first human cosmonaut run ashore on their planet, and their harmonious life, indeed their very survival, are suddenly in jeopardy. Deep underneath the sea surface, accompanied by a fish orchestra, the voice of the ocean is telling a story of Little -- the Sea King's daughter. They left the plundered waters of their home to live among humans.  They now lead a strenuous life in a somber fish shop in the heart of the harbor district where one day, Little comes to meet a handsome, confident and somewhat fresh young man -- H.H. From this moment on, the life of Little is to take a sea change. Jasmine French used to be on the top of the heap as a New York socialite, but now is returning to her estranged sister in San Francisco utterly ruined. As Jasmine struggles with her haunting memories of a privileged past bearing dark realities she ignored, she tries to recover in her present. Unfortunately, it all proves a losing battle as Jasmine's narcissistic hangups and their consequences begin to overwhelm her. In doing so, her old pretensions and new deceits begin to foul up everyone's lives, especially her own. Alvin and his brothers Simon and Theodore have a fun filled Easter adventure In a powerful story about teamwork, acceptance and finding one's calling, little Raven and his friends take part in an exciting and tumultuous race through the forest. In a world of super-villains, evil schemes and global domination... someone has to take out the Trash. Welcome to the world of Henchmen, third class. When a fresh-faced new recruit joins the Union of Evil, he is assigned to a motley crew of blue-collar workers led by fallen henchmen Hank. But when "The Kid" accidentally steals the super villain's ultimate weapon, Hank must break his "risk nothing" code to save the boy he's befriended, even if it means becoming the one thing he has always avoided... being a hero. The Nature of Frederic Back draws a masterful portrait of an exceptional man. A visual artist and animation filmmaker, he has produced an immense body of work that imparts an essential message. With their luminous poetry, their freshness and emotion, his films are both universal and timeless. Someone is stealing priceless paintings from the great museums of the world and replacing them with nearly flawless forgeries. Leonardo da Vinci's "Madonna and Child" is being shipped to London's Tate Gallery for a special exhibition, and Paul Mitchell is assigned to protect it. Upon the painting's arrival, Paul realizes it has been switched. Eager to collect the museum's $50,000 reward, he teams up with Mary Mason, a Tate employee, to recover the original. In a sleepy little town that never changes five foster kids discover a secret they weren't supposed to uncover. Now that they know the secret, nightmares come to life devouring everyone in sight! To promote their book Bosnian Flat Dog, Swedish comics creators Max Andersson and Lars Sjunnesson tour the countries of former Yugoslavia with a mummified Marshal Tito in a refrigerator. They encounter a number of artists, musicians, publishers and other characters populating the post-Yugoslav indie cultural scene. As the journey continues through increasingly improbable surroundings, the protagonists begin to question themselves and the reality they find themselves in. Watching border controls turn into improvised snapshot sessions, admiring mutant iron-curtain Disney toys, buying souvenir grenade shell handicrafts and discovering sniper art in blown-out apartments, they find that truth may indeed be stranger than fiction. This hilarious, grotesque, and unique adult animated feature chronicles visual artists Seth Scriver and Shayne Ehman's trans-Canadian road trip as they encounter dull violence, rampant consumerism and unbridled eccentricity in small towns all over this wide, weird country. From MGA Entertainment, the creators of Lalaloopsy, comes an enchanted movie adventure. Sheltered in the land of Eternal Daylight, Princess Dawn dreams of a world beyond the palace. Certain the forbidden Night World holds the key to her past, Dawn embarks on a mystical moonlit adventure and discovers that the two worlds were divided by an evil sorceress. The death of her sister has haunted Ana since her childhood. Ana has returned to Tijuana, her hometown, where she will have to fight this fragmented, cloudy and painful memory. To ensure that the viewer guessed in the name of Ilfipetrov that Ilya Ilf and Yevgeny Petrov were separate, the authors collected an impressive evidence base: live testimonies were obtained in Moscow, Odessa, Yaroslavl, Paris, New York; in the exact repetition of the route of "One-storied America", in miraculously preserved family archives. An American comedy film composed of nine vignettes where characters in a marijuana smoking lounge have conversations with people they have never met before. One day, Koyomi Araragi encounters the horrifying vampire, Kiss-shot Acerola-orion Heart-under-blade A.K.A. the "King of Apparitions." He saves the fatally wounded Kiss-shot by offering his blood at the expense of his own life as a human. Now Koyomi has to face the vampire hunters to retrieve Kiss-shot's limbs which were taken by these hunters...  On Jake's first day of work at the comic book store he finds out that he has entered a strange new world where anything is possible. Thunder, an abandoned young cat seeking shelter from a storm, stumbles into the strangest house imaginable, owned by an old magician and inhabited by a dazzling array of automatons and gizmos. Not everyone welcomes the new addition to the troupe as Jack Rabbit and Maggie Mouse plot to evict Thunder. The situation gets worse when the magician lands in hospital and his scheming nephew sees his chance to cash in by selling the mansion. Our young hero is determined to earn his place and so he enlists the help of some wacky magician's assistants to protect his magical new home. On the day Toma Kamijo and Index see Academy City's space elevator, Endymion in the distance, they meet a Level 0 girl with an amazing singing voice, Arisa Meigo. As the three enjoy their time together after school, magic-user Stiyl Magnus suddenly attacks them. His target: Arisa. Why would a girl from the science side be targeted by someone from the magic side, Toma wonders. In the chaos of Stiyl's attack, he tells Toma, Index and Arisa that she might cause a war between the magic side and the science side.  In the aftermath of the most devastating conflict mankind had ever experienced, the tiny island of Shikotan became part of the Sakhalin Oblast... and on the unhealed border in this remote corner of the world, friendship among children from two different countries timidly blossomed, striving to overcome language barriers and the waves of history. Inspired by true events. Cuco, a mexican parrot, goes on an adventure from Mexico to Hollywood in order to get help from El Americano, a famous superhero from TV, against an evil band of birds trying to take control of his family's beloved circus. Suffering because of his father's departure to the big city, a boy leaves his village and discovers a fantastic world dominated by bug-engines and strange beings. An unusual animation with various artistic techniques that portrays the issues of the modern world through the eyes of a child. Following king Berendey's orders, his youngest son, Ivan is sent to find the wonderful Firebird. In his search he is accompanied by his loyal friend and helper - Sery Volk, who, through his wits is always there to help his lightheaded friend. Fascinating and dangerous adventures , the executions of Ivan's cruel brothers and his fated encounter with Elena Prekrasnaia, are awaiting our heroes.  The young spectators would be absorbed by the magical world of russian tales, with their traditions and characteristical aesthetics wonderfully mixing up with modern cinema. As for the parents, they will most certainly appreciate the humor and music especially written by popular rock artists. A thousand years ago the world completely collapsed. War, famine, and greed killed off the human race. Not much remains except for the mutants, scum, and robo-people. Humanity is a long-lost notion. Everyone must kill to survive. Even Santa. Lloyd Kaufman and the Troma Team struggle against incompetence, conflict and "the man" in order to complete their latest piece of art, Terror Firmer. The documentarians hold nothing back in the fight for truly independent cinema. One summer morning, 12-year-old Arnold Hillerman and his 17-year-old brother Eugene wake at dawn on their family's Montana farm. In a nearby pasture, Arnold's gun fires accidentally. His brother is killed instantly. Isolated by emotions he can't comprehend, Arnold must now come to terms with his grieving family - including his angry father, his frightened mother, his antagonistic uncle and his gentle, straight-talking grandfather  - while his family must come to terms with Arnold. The season turns to autumn. The fight of the protagonist and his group S.E.E.S. with the strange monsters called 'Shadows' is getting closer to the end. Makoto and his allies engage in life-or-death battles with Shadows in order to end the Dark Hour. Through the battles, some must face the deaths of friends and family, some must notice what precious things must be protected, and some must find meaning in the battles that have occurred.  In front of Makoto, the mysterious transfer student Ryouji Mochizuki appears. When the group greets a new morning, the gears of fate begin to turn. A fight revolving around each of the heroes' bonds begins... The strongest Hunters that once existed in the Hunters Association were split into "light" and "dark", and each walked down their respective paths. The "dark" side begins moving in order to massacre all Hunters! What actions will Gon take when the many crimes of Netero and the Hunters Association are unveiled...?! Yuuta and Rikka are in their third year of high school. One day in Spring, Touka declares that she will take Rikka to Italy with her, as her job has stabilized there and thinks they should migrate together as a family. Touka is also worried about Rikka not being competent enough to advance to universities in Japan. The gangs from the club suggested Yuuta, who doesn't want to be separated, to elope with Rikka!! A runaway drama throughout Japan begins. A young gymnast battles a group of bank robbers at the home of her boyfriend. Marika Katou, a third year student at Hakuho Girls' Academy, is a legitimate space pirate with a Letter of Marque. Between her studies, leading her school's space yacht club, working part time at Cafe Lamp, and being the captain of the space pirate ship Bentenmaru, Marika's days are very busy. One day, Marika gets a job to rob a high-class passenger ship, and she discovers that on the passenger list is Kanata Mugen, a boy who owns a "galaxy pass". Thus, an adventure featuring a hyperspace race between pirates and one young boy begins. The Dragon Hill temperatures are dropping sharply. Both a little elf, a forest guard and dying, begs the gods for help. They attend the prayer, but in a way that will surprise who raised it. Director Franco Zeffirelli's beloved version of one of the most well-known love stories in the English language. Romeo Montague and Juliet Capulet fall in love against the wishes of their feuding families. Driven by their passion, the young lovers defy their destiny and elope, only to suffer the ultimate tragedy. A descent into Eastern Europe's haunted woodlands uncovers the secrets, fairy tales, and bloody histories that shape our understanding of man's place in nature. From executive producer Zach Braff and director Jeremy Snead, "Video Games: The Movie" is an epic feature length documentary chronicling the meteoric rise of video games from nerd niche to multi-billion dollar industry. Narrated by Sean Astin and featuring in-depth interviews with the godfathers who started it all, the icons of game design, and the geek gurus who are leading us into the future, "Video Games: The Movie" is a celebration of gaming from Atari to Xbox and an eye-opening look at what lies ahead. 2199 AD. Yamato tried to leave behind the Large Magellanic Cloud galaxy, after receiving a "Cosmo Reverse System" at its destination, Iscandar. However, suddenly, it encounters a mysterious group at the edge of the Large Magellanic Cloud. The crew finds out that the group is called the "Gatlantis," and that its leader is the Gutaba expeditionary force commander who calls himself "Goran Dagaamu of Thunder." The commander demands that Yamato be handed over to him. Yamato, wanting to hurry to Earth, escapes the fray. However, Yamato is attacked by a devastating beam weapon called the "Flame Direct Attack Cannon" that can transcend space. John flies over to Paris to find out his girlfriend Elizabeth. He finds a mysterious fashion designer named Lea and her assistant Claire, and it turns out that Lea was Elizabeth's friend in Paris. Lea says to John that Elizabeth married and moved away. The passion starts to appear between John and Lea, when Lea's business partner Vittorio tells John another version of Elizabeth's fate. Spark, a teenage monkey and his friends, Chunk and Vix, are on a mission to regain Planet Bana - a kingdom overtaken by the evil overlord Zhong. Four orphaned and homeless siblings happen upon an abandoned boxcar, which, they furnish with all the comforts of home. Fearful that they will be sent to live with their grandfather they have never met, the children keep their new home a secret. A group of five Genesect have invaded the big city and pose a threat to the supply of electricity, which attracts the attention of the legendary Pokemon Mewtwo. Ash, Pikachu and his friends must come to the rescue when the powerful leader, a red Genesect, faces Mewtwo. Horror, gag, entertainment by Keisuke Toyoshima of "Heller master Shimizu Takashi x" "Kaidan New Ear Bag Nobuhiro" !! "Kaidanui watching me ..." and "My alien" are included. The film brings the paintings of Vincent van Gogh to life to tell his remarkable story. Every one of the 65,000 frames of the film is an oil-painting hand-painted by 125 professional oil-painters who travelled from all across the world to the Loving Vincent studios in Poland and Greece to be a part of the production. As remarkable as Vincent's brilliant paintings are his passionate and ill-fated life and mysterious death. Sean and Hank go on their biggest adventure yet, to the moon. The Surete Commissioner orders Inspector Clouseau and Sergeant Deux-Deux to track a mysterious and elusive Monsieur X. Using a submarine, an army tank, and mountaineering equipment, they chase Monsieur X all the way to Africa, where they encounter him in the Sahara Desert and at Mount Kilimanjaro. After a series of painful mishaps, they concede defeat in the strenuous and perilous chase and return to Surete headquarters, where Monsieur X is revealed to be the Surete's new physical training instructor! Two cops from Mexico who actually can resolve crimes.  Join Katsuma, Poppet, Mr. Snoodle, and the other Moshi Monters in an action-packed, song-filled race against time! Together they must stop evil Dr. Strangeglove and his incompetent Glump sidekick Fishlips from pulverising the recently discovered Great Moshling Egg. Turkish animated film. The movie is set on a state-of-the art Aegis vessel with the full cooperation of Japan's real-life Ministry of Defense and Maritime Self-Defense Force. The corpse of a Self-Defense Force member has been found -- minus the left arm -- and a spy has infiltrated the Aegis vessel. The heroine Ran is put in jeopardy, and Conan is forced to stand up against the dangerous Spy "X." Bayonetta: Bloody Fate follows the story of the witch Bayonetta, as she defeats the blood-thirsty Angels and tries to remember her past from before the time she awoke, 20 years ago. Along her side are a mysterious little girl who keeps calling her "Mummy", a journalist that holds a personal grudge against Bayonetta and a unknown white-haired woman who seems to know more than she is willing to reveal about Bayonetta's time before her sleep. The King of Bali invites Chhota Bheem and his friends to attend the coronation of the state's prince. After reaching Bali, Bheem and his friends find that the state is captured by a witch named Rangda who wants to rule the country. Rangda is very powerful and has Leyaks, magical creatures, as her army. She arrests the king and queen of Bali, but, with the assistance of Chhota Bheem and his friends, the young prince of Bali manages to escape. Now, Chhota Bheem and his friends attempt to save the people of Bali from Rangda's black magic. Meanwhile Rangda causes destruction and diseases in Bali with her magical power. Two little Indonesian village girls Aci and Ayu help Bheem and his friends to save Bali from Rangda. Animation film about Human Rights of Children to a younger audience in a dynamic and entertaining. A story about the values  , need and equal justice in the first years of life, when it's necessary to have someone to fight for them. In the suburbs of Tokyo some time ago, there lived a clumsy boy about 10 years old. There appeared in front of him named Sewashi, Nobita's descendant of four generations later from the 22nd century, and Doraemon, a 22nd century cat-type caretaker robot who helps people with its secret gadgets. Sewashi claims that his family is suffering from the debts Nobita made even to his generation, so in order to change this disastrous future, he brought along Doraemon as Nobita's caretaker to bring happiness to his future, although Doraemon is not happy about this. And so Sewashi installed an accomplishment program into Doraemon forcing him to take care of Nobita. Unless he makes Nobita happy, Doraemon can no longer go back to the 22nd century. This is how the life of Doraemon and Nobita begins. Will Doraemon succeed this mission and return to the 22nd century? A young boy named Nicholas is about to become the next Santa Claus, but must first avoid a crisis that's threatening the magic of Christmas before he can succeed in his new role. Conan Edogawa sets out to apprehend Lupin the Third, the suspect of stealing a jewel called Cherry Sapphire. A sequel to the TV special "Lupin the Third vs. Detective Conan" (2009). Freshly hatched bee Maya is a little whirlwind and won't follow the rules of the hive. One of these rules is not to trust the hornets that live beyond the meadow. When the Royal Jelly is stolen, the hornets are suspected and Maya is thought to be their accomplice. No one believes that she is the innocent victim and no one will stand by her except for her good-natured and best friend Willy. After a long and eventful journey to the hornets hive Maya and Willy soon discover the true culprit and the two friends finally bond with the other residents of the opulent meadow.  It's the year 2080 and thanks to genius scientist Dr. Tommy, Earth is at peace. He created the Moon C.R.A.T.E.R. Project, the wackiest intergalactic sports circuit, where two opposing Robot armies battle it out to settle Earth's disputes using the deadliest weapon known: water!  Bolts and Blip, Central City's misfits, are accidently recruited as members of the Lunar Leagues last placed team - The Thunderbolts! They find themselves catapulted into a series of hilarious lunar battles and soon discover that all is not what it seems.  In the next instalment of BOLTS &amp; BLIP, the Thunderbolts fall under the spell of a mysterious "Black Box", a strange invader crash lands on the moon and threatens to destroy Lunar City and Saedee finds herself replaced as team captain, by a mysterious prototype "Saedee-34". It is a story about a pair of sisters who work as "noroiya" (cursers) using magic in a fantasy world. One day a big tree suddenly appears in a forest, and tall buildings that look like they are from our world can be seen entangled in it. The two sisters go there to investigate and get ported to our world. They then encounter two children who are startled by the sisters' sudden appearance and rush back home but at home they see their parents turned into monsters... Shirley Horrocks' richly illustrated portrait of the life and career of one of New Zealand's most important photographers, who dedicated his life to seeing and making works of art out of the everyday. TRUTH HAS FALLEN is a one-hour live action/animated documentary that examines the work of James McCloskey. Mr.McCloskey founded Centurion Ministries, an organization whose mission is to free prisoners who have been wrongfully convicted of murder. Employing a combination of abstract, surreal animation and live action images, TRUTH HAS FALLEN asks how innocent people could be convicted of murder - what could be done to prevent such injustices in the future - and what happens to these innocent people when they are released from prison after years of incarceration? The side story takes place in 2017 a.t.b., between the rise of the "Black Knights" organization and the return of the supposedly "dead" Zero. The setting is in Europe, where the European Union (E.U.) allied nations are being invaded by the overwhelming forces of the Holy Britannian Empire. On the verge of defeat, the E.U. army forms a special unit known as "W-0'', of which a young pilot named Akito Hyuga is a member. Leila Malkal , a former Britannian Aristocrat comes to the E.U.'s aid, commanding the "Wyvern" Knightmare corps comprised of Japanese teenagers. They recklessly plunge into a battlefield, where the survival rate is extremely low, at about 5% only. They fight for their freedom and for a "home" to which they can return. Third episode of Code Geass: Boukoku no Akito. Fourth episode of Code Geass: Boukoku no Akito. The Journey of Aeneas after the Trojan War. Based on the epic poems of the Aeneid by Publius Vergilius Maro. One man's inspiring story of hope, resilience and survival amidst the brutal fight to free East Timor. A four-film omnibus  that features four short anime films all themed around Japan. Emil Svensson lives with his mother and father, little sister Ida, farmhand Alfred, and maid Lina on a picturesque farm in Smaland. He is an unusually lively little boy, who just can't resist trying out every whim that enters into his white-haired head. Always with the best intentions in mind, because he is a good-hearted child, but often with catastrophic results, especially for his short-tempered father. As a result, Emil spends a lot of quality time in the wood shed carving wood figurines and waiting for Anton's temper to cool down. And the father's patience is certainly tried, as Emil gets his head stuck in the family's only soup bowl, hoists little Ida up the flag pole, and arranges a lavish Christmas party for the poor. Upon being sent to live with relatives in the countryside due to an illness, an emotionally distant adolescent girl becomes obsessed with an abandoned mansion and infatuated with a girl who lives there - a girl who may or may not be real. Loulou is a wolf. Tom is a rabbit. As curious as it may seem, Loulou and Tom have been inseparable since they were little. Now in their teens, they live the easy life in the Land of the Rabbits. But Loulou, who thought he was an orphan, learns that his bohemian mother is alive. The two friends set out to find her in the principality of Wolfenberg, the Land of the Wolves. They arrive in the middle of the Meat-eaters' Festival, a yearly get together for the world's great carnivores. Will Loulou and Tom's friendship survive in the land where herbivores always end up as the main course? What incredible secret lies behind Loulou's birth? A low-rent bounty hunter named Rod Rosse, The One Man Posse, gets entangled in a web of danger when he takes on a job from an ex-biker/ex-wrestler turned U.S. senator named "Deathface." Deep in the Saudi desert, young thrill-seekers at jihadi boot camp sign up to a plot to overthrow the Saudi government. They detonate three horrific car-bombs at Western compounds in downtown Riyadh and become embroiled in a nail-biting game of cat and mouse with government forces. As their plans unravel, they resort to ever more brutal tactics. Exposing the dark side of the human soul, Path of Blood reveals Al Qaeda as you've never seen it before. Using a treasure trove of Al Qaeda home-movie footage captured by the security services, this haunting documentary film shows how brainwashed idealism and the youthful pursuit of adventure can descend into madness and carnage. When Mutta was 12-years-old and Hibito was 9-years-old the two brothers saw what they thought was an UFO flying towards the moon. They made a pact then to become astronauts and one day fly into space together.  Fast forward to the year 2025. Older brother Mutta (Shun Oguri) works as for an automotive company and his younger brother Hibito works as an astronaut. Although Mutta failed to follow through on his childhood promise, after losing his job, he receives a phone call from Hibito which reignites his childhood dream of flying into outer space ... It's the end of the world. A flood is coming. Luckily for Dave and his son Finny, a couple of clumsy Nestrians, an Ark has been built to save all animals. But as it turns out, Nestrians aren't allowed. Sneaking on board with the involuntary help of Hazel and her daughter Leah, two Grymps, they think they're safe. Until the curious kids fall off the Ark. Now Finny and Leah struggle to survive the flood and hungry predators and attempt to reach the top of a mountain, while Dave and Hazel must put aside their differences, turn the Ark around and save their kids. It's definitely not going to be smooth sailing. Ferdinand, a little bull, prefers sitting quietly under a cork tree just smelling the flowers versus jumping around, snorting, and butting heads with other bulls. As Ferdinand grows big and strong, his temperament remains mellow, but one day five men come to choose the "biggest, fastest, roughest bull" for the bullfights in Madrid and Ferdinand is mistakenly chosen.  Based on the classic 1936 children's book by Munro Leaf. Devoted to her family's rice-cake-making business and the high school baton club, Tamako is a little slow when it comes to love. She's oblivious to her childhood friend Mochizo's affections, even though all their friends know. With graduation closing in and Mochizo leaving for Tokyo, will Tamako realise her feelings and tell him in time? Mahabharat is considered as the greatest and the longest epic in world literature It has all the possible elements that a story could have - conflict, duty, sacrifice, heroism, truth, justice, romance, adventure, fantasy and relationships - making it truly an all-encompassing fascinating saga. A boy imagines a monster that helps him deal with his difficult life and see the world in a different way. Set after the events of Continental Drift, Scrat's epic pursuit of his elusive acorn catapults him outside of Earth, where he accidentally sets off a series of cosmic events that transform and threaten the planet. To save themselves from peril, Manny, Sid, Diego, and the rest of the herd leave their home and embark on a quest full of thrills and spills, highs and lows, laughter and adventure while traveling to exotic new lands and encountering a host of colorful new characters. France asleep in the nineteenth century, governed by steam and Napoleon VI, where scientists vanish mysteriously, a girl, Avril, goes in search of her missing scientist parents. A zany, musical road movie about two old friends and a badger who embark on an excessively grand adventure. Starring the musical duo Knutsen &amp; Ludvigsen, world famous in Norway. Empire of China. 12th century.  The King Demons terrorize the land. To defeat these monsters, one needs the courage of a hundred tigers, the strength of a thousand buffalo, the cunning of as many snakes... and have the luck of the devil.  All young Prince Duan has are fanciful illusions and stoutness.  All Zhang-the-Perfect has is his monk's staff and a bunch of incomprehensible proverbs.  All the little beggar Pei Pei has is the gift of the gab and a large appetite.  But, most of all, Prince Duan, the old monk and the little beggar girl didn't know that it is impossible to defeat the King Demons.  So they did it! Harry Sanborn is an aged music industry exec with a fondness for younger women like Marin, his latest trophy girlfriend. Things get a little awkward when Harry suffers a heart attack at the home of Marin's mother, Erica. Left in the care of Erica and his doctor, a love triangle starts to take shape. Ikaros is an Angeloid and falls out of the sky. Tomoki Sakurai is a boy who believes the most important thing is to live a peaceful life. The two live tougher. Tomoki Sakurai has never seen Ikaros smile. Tomoki Sakurai sees Nymph and Astraea laugh after they got free from the master's rule. He hopes Ikaros can laugh like an ordinary girl.  This movie wraps up the story of Tomoki Sakurai and his relationship with the Angeloid from the sky, Ikaros. Two best friends, Merv Doody (James Heathcote) and Onkey (Dan Palmer), take a hapless escaped mental patient under their wing and attempt to teach him how to become a real serial killer. Welcome to Hotel Transylvania, Dracula's lavish five-stake resort, where monsters and their families can live it up and no humans are allowed. One special weekend, Dracula has invited all his best friends to celebrate his beloved daughter Mavis's 118th birthday. For Dracula catering to all of these legendary monsters is no problem but the party really starts when one ordinary guy stumbles into the hotel and changes everything! Five tales by Edgar Allan Poe come to life thanks to a pictorical style animation, five tales that exude madness, pestilence, murder and torture. A young boy becomes an unlikely hero when he sets out on an adventure-filled quest to find the legendary Bonta oasis. Gru and his wife Lucy must stop former '80s child star Balthazar Bratt from achieving world domination. An apocalyptic look at the possibility of an earthquake of magnitude 7 or greater striking the Tokyo area. Mirai, a middle school freshman girl who goes to Tokyo's artificial Odaiba Island for a robot exhibition with her brother Yutaka at the start of summer vacation. A powerful tremor emanates from an ocean trench, the famed Tokyo Tower and Rainbow Bridge crumble and fall, and the landscape of Tokyo changes in an instant. With the help of a motorcycle delivery woman named Mari who they meet on Odaiba, Mirai and Yutaka strive to head back to their Setagaya home in western Tokyo. A koala named Buster recruits his best friend to help him drum up business for his theater by hosting a singing competition. After the trolls' victory over the Snow Queen, Orm claims that he is destined to marry the princess and inherit great power. Beyond Beyond is a story about wanting the impossible. A story about a little rabbit boy not old enough to understand the rules of life, who takes up the fight against the most powerful force. While doing so, he learns more and more about life. When the evil mayor of Oakton decides to bulldoze Liberty Park and build a dangerous amusement park in its place, Surly Squirrel and his ragtag group of animal friends need to band together to save their home, defeat the mayor, and take back the park. The mini beetle Mini appears in a flea circus together with Egon and Dagmar. The flea-girl Miranda bullies Mini and tricks him into interfering in Dagmar's line dancing, making her fall and sprain her foot. Deeply ashamed, Mini runs away and meets a gang of robbers. The brutal beetle, Basse, who orders Mini to break into the bees' honey stock, leads the gang. However, the bee-soldiers catch him, and he is sentenced to life-long hard labour. Meanwhile, Miranda regrets her bullying of Mini and together with Mini, who has managed to escape, and their brave friends, the ants, they succeed in recovering Egon's beloved racing bike, which has been stolen by the robbers. Ten-year-old Trenk, peasant and property of evil Sir Wertolt, wants to become a knight and free his family. His sword may be heavier than himself, but with unflagging practice, he's soon ready to take on terrifying dragons and save damsels in distress - before conquering their hearts! "Trenk, the Little Knight' is the highly anticipated new animated feature from the producers of "Lilly The Witch." Set in the Middle Ages, it features marvelously drawn and colored backdrops along with storylines whose castles, tournaments and courtly society convey a realistic, authentic depiction of medieval life. It tells the deeply moving story of a young boy who must learn what heroism and courage are before he rises from lowly peasant to shining knight. Based on the bestselling books by Kirsten Boie. A duck struggles mightily, and finally hatches her eggs in the bitter cold, after candling them and seeing the chicks skiing, skating, and otherwise enjoying winter inside the shells. All but one, that is: poor little Robespierre. She doesn't notice until after the rest of the brood has gone swimming and Robespierre has sprouted legs and run off in search of warmth. He finds it, under a hibernating bear ("So I laid an egg"), but a wolf has followed him in and snatches the egg, with some help from a stick of TNT. What the wolf hasn't counted on is mama, who's right behind him, with a couple of eye-poking fingers at the ready. The wolf swaps a doorknob for the egg, and starts boiling the egg, but mama arrives in the nick of time only to be rejected by the baby, who was just getting warm. After their home is destroyed, Boxhead &amp; Roundhead must head to the big city to battle red tape, rent, rats and the rat race to get it back. Art and industry, friendship and foul play are all in the mix in this, the first feature length Boxhead &amp; Roundhead stressful adventure. While enjoying the flower gardens, Sailor Moon (Usagi) and friends encounter an old childhood friend of Mamoru's: an alien! He's come back to give Mamoru a special flower, but doesn't like Usagi and the rest of the planet's inhabitants. Sailor Moon must defend the earth from the evil Kisenian Flower he's brought back... before the evil vines and blossoms overrun the planet! In Ancient Polynesia, when a terrible curse incurred by Maui reaches an impetuous Chieftain's daughter's island, she answers the Ocean's call to seek out the demigod to set things right. Yellowbird lives in the ruins of an old house. He lacks the confidence to leave his home, no matter how much Bug, his labybird friend, tries to convince him to go out into the world. Attempts to toughen him up have had little success, so Bug seizes an opportunity that leaves Yellowbird unexpectedly finding himself the new leader of the flock that is migrating to Africa. Still, lacking faith in his own abilities and with danger and imminent failure lurking around every corner, our feathered hero is forced to either find the strength required to work with the team or bow out and stay hidden away forever. Our RoboCop Remake is a crowd-sourced film project based on the 1987 Paul Verhoeven classic. Organized through Channel 101 and a bunch of other places, we're 50 filmmakers (amateur and professional)  from Los Angeles and New York who have split the original RoboCop up into individual pieces and have remade the movie ourselves.  Not necessarily a shot-for-shot remake, but a scene-for-scene retelling. As big fans of the original RoboCop, and as filmmakers and film fans admittedly rolling our eyes at the Hollywood remake machine, we've elected to do this remake thing our own way. Music rules and rainbows rock as Twilight Sparkle and pals compete for the top spot in the Canterlot High "Mane Event" talent show. The girls must rock their way to the top, and outshine rival Adagio Dazzle and her band The Dazzlings, to restore harmony back to Canterlot High. Nearly century-old history, Brazilian animation brings rich and stimulating stories and characters that built the path until nowadays. Lester, or Doniel Lesterovirch, is the everyman of Jewish elementary school age kids. He's not looking for trouble but trouble sure finds him - a whole lot of it. While directing his school's Purim play , Lester gets a knock on the head from a fallen box of puffy paint and falls unconscious - and into another world. A disabled man is haunted by the torture he suffered as a child when his terminally ill half-sister returns to their small Upstate New York town seeking answers to why their mother abandoned her 40 years before, which sets them both on a tragic and horrific journey.  With the intention of appearing in an event on a southern island, the students of Four Star Academy are taking off! There, rumors about a pair of legendary dresses sleeping within the island...  A story about Yume and Laura's friendship, with S4 taking the stage together for the first time. Furthermore, putting the legendary dresses into a Dress Make... A thrilling and exciting Aikatsu! story is coming to theaters this summer! FOREVER-LAND is a hidden dimension where strange characters, creatures, and lands exist under the iron harsh rule of Infinitus...destroyer of all things funky. Kounterclockwise has been transported to this dimension to retrieve "the glove", an item of cosmic importance, from the clutches of Infinitus. "Who shall wear the glove shall rule the funk of 40 thousand years". Can Kounterclockwise save the universe from the reign of Infinitus, restoring the order of the funk , and rock the crowd in the process? A grumpy hedgehog trying to confess his love. Will he be able to overcome his insecurities? The struggle with fear as a short film. A thousand years ago, one boy with a dream of becoming a great warrior is abducted with his sister and taken to a land far away from home. Thrown into a world where greed and injustice rule all, Bilal finds the courage to raise his voice and make a change. Inspired by true events, this is a story of a real hero who earned his remembrance in time and history. Posing as lovers on vacation, Motoko and Batou work to try to stop a terrorist organization whose symbol is the Scrasath. Meanwhile, Togusa investigates a murder of a man who possessed a prosthetic leg manufactured by the Mermaid's Leg corporation. Iloilo, the City of Love, the human dimensional plane of Calixto, the encanto dimensional plane, where anarchy and desolation had been a way of life for the past decades. Amusement, delight, and laughter has left it years before because of the actions of Albion, the most feared entity in Calixto. He set his sights on revenge, and deployed his murderous forces to finally abolish Calixto's final chance for happiness. Abet, Tyrone and Marco, three children in the human plane was forced to become champions who will restore Calixto. With recovered weapons and two sticks, their dream to recover Calixto will be put to the test: to discover the truth and the sacrifice that comes with heroism and bravery.  - Written by Mahnnie Tolentino   Drawn to the city in the shadow of Cathedral Mountain, where airships glide above scenes of treachery and violence, Flynn seeks the source of his family curse. Documentary about legendary Paramount producer Robert Evans, based on his famous 1994 autobiography. Blindsided by a new generation of blazing-fast racers, the legendary Lightning McQueen is suddenly pushed out of the sport he loves. To get back in the game, he will need the help of an eager young race technician with her own plan to win, inspiration from the late Fabulous Hudson Hornet, and a few unexpected turns. Proving that #95 isn't through yet will test the heart of a champion on Piston Cup Racing's biggest stage! Elastigirl springs into action to save the day, while Mr. Incredible faces his greatest challenge yet - taking care of the problems of his three children. The war on terror exploded, literally, the day Sarajevo was destroyed by a homemade nuclear device. The leading democracies transformed into total surveillance states, and the developing world has drowned under a wave of genocides. The mysterious American John Paul seems to be behind the collapse of the world system, and it's up to intelligence agent Clavis Shepherd to track John Paul across the wreckage of civilizations and to find the true heart of darkness--a genocidal organ. In the future, Utopia has finally been achieved thanks to medical nanotechnology and a powerful ethic of social welfare and mutual consideration. This perfect world isn't that perfect though, and three young girls stand up to totalitarian kindness and super-medicine by attempting suicide via starvation. It doesn't work, but one of the girls--Tuan Kirie--grows up to be a member of the World Health Organization. As a crisis threatens the harmony of the new world, Tuan rediscovers another member of her suicide pact, and together they must help save the planet...from itself. Ozzy is an enthusiastic and friendly flying monkey, son of the legendary Goliath, the brave warrior. They serve Evilene - the wicked witch - just as the rest of their kin. But Ozzy is not happy about it and when Evilene's plans put Oz once again in peril, Ozzy reaches out to the Champions of Oz, three great friends (the Lion, the Scarecrow and the Tinman) with incredible qualities that have taken Emerald City to its maximum splendor. This story of magic and adventure takes place in the frontier land of Siam, filled with peace and happiness, until Lord Panwa decided to mine a mountain in the nearby Forest of Darkness. Little did Lord Panwa know that the mountain was the site of an ancient burial ground.  Based on the comic book by the creator of Ghost in the Shell, a young female soldier Deunan and her cyborg partner Briareos survive through the post World War 3 apocalyptic New York in search of human's future hope, the legendary city of Olympus. Bring Us Your Women is an international anthology dedicated to women and the pursuit of divinity and freedom. The project seeks to tell existing and re-imagined stories of historic and mythical individuals, each presenting a message of humanity that transcends gender and religion. Poor farmer's son Tom Little may be small, but what he lacks in brawn, he more than makes up for in brains and bravery. When a magic mirror shows him that the love of his life is no less than the beautiful princess, he's determined to win her heart. Haunted by a terrifying spirit out of her graphic novel, a young artist struggles to overcome her psychosis before it destroys her. In a California desert town, a short-order cook with clairvoyant abilities encounters a mysterious man with a link to dark, threatening forces.  The dialogue-less film follows the major life stages of a castaway on a deserted tropical island populated by turtles, crabs and birds.  What will you do when falling in love with someone? Give it attention, dating him, or bury your feelings? If the question is given to Deon (Deva Mahenra), Mona (Karina Barbie), and Rico (Duke dolken), they will be compact answer: propose him/her! Yes, Deon whose cross his heart to Fira (Nina Zatulini) unceremoniously asked her to marry. Starting with propose process more similar to MLM presentation, Fira in the end is accept the Deon propose. Mona too. Realizing that she discovered her love to Emil (Dwi Sasono) who has already married, she volunteered to be a his second wife. Rico also dare come propose Aida (Bianca Liza), even though he realizes that he has not been established. Although ultimately unsuccessful in the end. Emil went away after repeatedly "ask for GOD forgiveness" and Aida chose to marry another man already established, but both have shown one thing: if you truly in love, JUST PROPOSE HER/HIM! Second animation about Gena and Cheburashka. The seemingly normal life of orphan Shinta Mizumura changes abruptly when a beautiful half-human Romanian girl named Lilith suddenly transfers into his school. Shinta discovers that Lilith is actually a vampire -- and he is the last living vampire hunter. Compilation film of "Space Battleship Yamato 2199" TV series.  The year is 2199. The human race has been crushed in their war with the Gamilos, driven into underground cities by the invader's assault. Scientists estimate they have only a year left. The young officers Susumu Kodai and Daisuke Shima receive a mysterious capsule from a ship that made an emergency landing on Mars and return with it to Earth. It contains humanity's last hope: the planet Iscandar on the other side of the Magellan Galaxy has the technology to defeat the Gamilos and restore the planet. The space battleship Yamato is entrusted with this task, but they have only one year before humanity ends. The time: 1814. The place: Edo, now known as Tokyo. A much accomplished artist of his time and now in his mid-fifties, Tetsuzo can boast clients from all over Japan, and tirelessly works in the garbage-loaded chaos of his house-atelier. He spends his days creating astounding pieces of art, from a giant-size Bodhidharma portrayed on a 180 square meter-wide sheet of paper, to a pair of sparrows painted on a tiny rice grain. Third of Tetsuzo's four daughters and born out of his second marriage, outspoken 23-year-old O-Ei has inherited her father's talent and stubbornness, and very often she would paint instead of him, though uncredited. Her art is so powerful that sometimes leads to trouble. "We're father and daughter; with two brushes and four chopsticks, I guess we can always manage, in a way or another." When Ace, a cocky young firefighter, defies his orders and recklessly puts his team in jeopardy, he resigns to the coal mines. Until one day he gets the chance to redeem himself. Laura Randolph is on a quest to find her true love: Dracula.  The product of an abusive father, Laura spurns mortal men,  desiring a darker, more sophisticated undead tryst.  A Little Bit Of BLOOD Creates Eternal LOVE. Blinky Bill is a little koala with a big imagination. An adventurer at heart, he dreams of leaving the little town of Green Patch and following in his missing father's footsteps. When Blinky discovers a mysterious marker that hints at his Dad's whereabouts, he embarks on a journey that takes him beyond the boundary of Green Patch and into the wild and dangerous Outback. They couldn't be more different, the members of the trio that allies in the fight against an Ancient Ice Ghost (AIG): Tom, an easily scared boy, Hetty, a professional ghosthunter and the loveable, but pretty slimy Hugo - a ghost. Will the team manage to save their town from the next ice age?  Two siblings spend the night alone with their new stepmother. Stuck in a remote mountain cabin, the trio are terrorised by a supernatural force. Two years after the events of the Fourth Great Ninja War, the moon that Hagoromo Otsutsuki created long ago to seal away the Gedo Statue begins to descend towards the world, threatening to become a meteor that would destroy everything on impact. Amidst this crisis, a direct descendant of Kaguya Otsutsuki named Toneri Otsutsuki attempts to kidnap Hinata Hyuga but ends up abducting her younger sister Hanabi. Naruto and his allies now mount a rescue mission before finding themselves embroiled in a final battle to decide the fate of everything. Many years ago, on a faraway island, there lived a Sun Duck who protected his flock from evil powers. The Sun Duck had his loyal guardians who made sure the Sun evenly spread its energy on their flourishing land. The bliss continued until an Evil Witch learned of the Sun Duck's superpowers. She seized the guardians and stole the Sun Duck away for the only sake every living woman would understand: eternal youth and mesmerizing beauty.  Today, nobody believes in old legends. Mandarin ducks peacefully reside on their island and abide by the law that prescribes "no flying on the island" and "never leave the island". The Emperor is the only one who knows that the legend is true and that the next generation Sun Duck has been born. He keeps it in strict secrecy, but the Witch also knows that the legend is true and she is coming back for her next victim. COCONUT THE LITTLE DRAGON 1: Coconut and his friend Oscar are outsiders on Dragon Island. Coconut is supposed to be a flying dragon but he can't fly and Oscar, a carnivore by nature, is a vegetarian by choice. Together with the porcupine Matilda they go on fabulous adventures and meet dragons in all shapes and sizes.  COCONUT THE LITTLE DRAGON 2: This is going to be the best holiday ever. Coconut The Little Dragon is thrilled about going to summer camp with his best friends Oscar and Matilda. But due to wild Water Dragons and carnivorous plants, the adventure he wished for turns out tougher than expected. A dramatization of the events at Gallipoli using the letters of the soldiers who were there. Conan tries to track down Kaito Kid, who supposedly steals a replica of one of Van Gogh's Sunflowers paintings during an auction.  Marian is a factory worker determined to leave the assembly line behind and move up in the world. Bilembambudin is the story of Aldana, an eight years old girl. Running away from the opera, Aldana follows Jeremias, an old wizard who guides her to the magic kingdom. A genetic engineering experiment gone horribly awry turns a large flock of docile sheep into unrelenting killing machines in this rural horror comedy directed by Jonathan King and featuring special effects designed by Weta Workshop. What if the Surrealists were living today, in Berlin? Lexia, a Bosnian vagabond, comes to Berlin to become an artist. But she finds what she's never had. A family. Elixir is a story about love, art and fear. In order to wipe out the Gaulish village by any means necessary, Caesar plans to absorb the villagers into Roman culture by having an estate built next to the village to start a new Roman colony. Jack Shepard is an out-of-shape auto shop owner, far removed from the man who once protected the world's freedom. Reluctantly called back into action by the government, Jack is tasked with turning a ragtag group of kids with special powers into a new generation of superheroes to save the world from certain destruction. A movie about a relationship...that's worse than yours. Seth (Stewart), a sitcom writer-producer, meets Chelsea (Wilson), an interior decorator, at his best friend's (Bellamy) wedding. He's immediately sexually attracted to her while she's instantly attracted to his single-ness. They both ditch their wedding dates and start their own date that same night. The two become a couple, appearing very happy until after a couple of years of postponing a marriage proposal. When Chelsea realizes that Seth wants to remain single and together, she becomes quite bitter. In the next hour of the movie, the two engage in behavior that makes the War of the Roses look like child's play. In the sequel to "Daddy, I'm a Zombie", all of our favorite characters are back! The fate of the planet is once again in Dixie's hands as she must fight to end the battle that has erupted between the living and the walking dead while balancing her newfound popularity at school and a campaign for student council. The "Academy Island Incident" in which four "kings" cross paths... Since then, Silver Clansmen Kuroh Yatogami and Neko have been searching for their master, Shiro. Without finding any clues to Shiro's whereabouts, the two became disheartened. However, one day, they see HOMRA members Rikio Kamamoto and Anna Kushina being chased by someone. The making of Mike Fallek's student stop motion film Whistle. The film captures the progression of an artist through art school and realization of a new age martial artist. One peaceful day on Earth, two remnants of Frieza's army named Sorbet and Tagoma arrive searching for the Dragon Balls with the aim of reviving Frieza. They succeed, and Frieza subsequently seeks revenge on the Saiyans. Orphaned at birth and raised by storks, the teenage sparrow Richard believes he is one of them. But when the time comes to migrate to Africa, his stork family is forced to reveal his true identity and leave him behind in the forest, since he is not a migratory bird and would not survive the journey. Determined to prove he is a stork after all, Richard ventures south on his own. But only with the help of Olga, an eccentric owl with an imaginary friend and Kiki, a narcissistic, disco-singing parakeet, does he stand a chance to reach his goal and learn to accept who he really is. TEAM HOT WHEELS: ORIGIN OF AWESOME! - Gage, Wyatt, Brandon and Rhett are four kids who are about to discover that life is better in the fast lane. Ride along with Team Hot Wheels as they race to save their town! Stars George Grant &amp; David Lodge. Lupin &amp; Jigen have their sights set on a treasure called the Little Comet, which is located in the heavily fortified country of East Doroa. During the heist, Jigen is almost killed by a sniper named Yael Okuzaki. His specialty is preparing tombstones for his targets before executing them. It's said that no one can survive after Yael makes their tombstone. Make way for the greatest adventure any bunny has ever seen! When Nano s grandfather falls mysteriously ill, the courageous grandson and his best friend Lilly must use a miniaturization machine to shrink down to micro-size and embark on a perilous journey to save him. Nano and Lilly turn to Rappel the Rabbit for help, as he s the only one who can guide the sprite-sized heroes through the confusing maze! With time ticking down, the daring trio must hop to it, and prove that you don t have to be big to be brave! Borley Rectory is an animated documentary chronicling what came to be known as 'The most haunted house in England'. The legends attached to the rectory at Borley and famed paranormal investigator Harry Price's subsequent investigations of them, caught the public's imagination during the late 20's in time becoming one of the world's most notorious ghost stories. Borley Rectory will examine the legend, the controversial investigations and a ghost story that may well reveal more about what might have been missing from Borley rather than what might have been invading it. Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha The MOVIE 2nd A's is a sequel to Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha The MOVIE 1st. It is a re-telling of the Book of Darkness Incident in Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha A's, but with limited disclosure regarding the Graham family. On a tiny colony world named Carmine, young women known as Songstresses inherit the generation memories of those who came before them, using their knowledge to help a populace that suffers under the harsh policies of the ruling interplanetary league.  Newly reborn as a Songstress, 16-year-old Bellin Ajelli sets off a holy pilgrimage across the planet. Rumors of a possible terrorist attack result in Prince Truhallon of the militant Donau Empire being sent in to protect her, but his very presence is the antithesis of everything Bellin stands for. The two are as different as night and day, but they're stuck together until they reach the capital. A children's movie about John Paul Pope the second. It combines animations, archived material and amature film. It tells the story about his childhood. The graduation of the third-year members means the end of m's. However, the school director has received a letter regarding m's, and the curtain of a new story for m's has been raised. The story follows a group of birds on a journey where they try to find a better life for themselves and the ones they love. Only the electrifying courage and love of Quebec nationalism can save the citizens of Winnipeg from committing mass suicide. A new member has joined Eli and the Shane Gang! Junjie, once the protector of the Eastern Caverns, is a master of the slugslinging art of Slug Fu! But even with the power of five slingers, the Shane Gang find themselves in over their heads as they race across The 99 Caverns in search of the Legendary Elemental Slugs. The five Elementals are ancient slugs of great power, and the forbearers of all slugs found in SlugTerra today. In the wrong hands, they could bring Slugterra to the brink of destruction. So when an evil alliance starts hunting down the Elementals, Eli and his friends -- old and new -- take off in pursuit of the greatest threat their world has ever faced!  Suk-gyu is desperately looking for his runaway daughter. He spares neither money nor effort and after a while his search leads to results. One of his contacts claims to have found the girl. But joy is replaced by shock when he finds out that she works as a prostitute in the center of Seoul. Suk-gyu decides to pose as a client to get close to his daughter. But just before the long awaited and dreaded reunion, panic breaks out at nearby Seoul Station. The place is very popular with the homeless of the Korean capital. And one of them, who had died during the day, comes alive again and start attacking and eating another misfortunate. The undead cannibal epidemic spreads like wildfire. The authorities hermetically close off the city center and decide to wait out the end of the outbreak, until there's no one left... Raju is a boy from India that has plenty of interests! Playing soccer, studying hard, and... saving the world?! When a faun named Mune becomes the Guardian of the Moon, little did he had unprepared experience with the Moon and an accident that could put both the Moon and the Sun in danger, including a corrupt titan named Necross who wants the Sun for himself and placing the balance of night and day in great peril. Now with the help of a wax-child named Glim and the warrior, Sohone who also became the Sun Guardian, they go out on an exciting journey to get the Sun back and restore the Moon to their rightful place in the sky. Tacoma writer/director/photographer/editor/animator Isaac Olsen's expressionistic art film follows the exploits of an elusive "creature boy" who terrorizes a rural German township. This creature, naive but murderous, spends his days lurking in the woods and satisfying his lust for human flesh as an inspector from Frankfurt sets out to hunt him down. Olsen employs a visual cornucopia of moods, textures, and themes with miniatures, animation, water tank photography, and other techniques. With an international cast of non-actors speaking in German with English subtitles, this mostly black-and-white nod to German expressionism moves closer to the field of abstraction and transforms a simple narrative into a true sensory experience. A diabolical plot to empower pushover dads causes Shin-chan's father to return home as a robot. The Nohara family bond is about to be put to the test! Sequel to The Boss Baby Yokozawa meets a man (Kirishima) and his life is turned around. Kirishima starts to blackmail and tease Yokozawa, but Kirishima might actually be trying to help him recover from an emotional period of his life in the process. Battle Oasis is the story of Motega, an indigenous being of the planet known as Kitri. The archenemies of the Winx Club, the Trix witches, team up with the evil nymph Politea and find out that, to defeat the fairies once and for all and become invincible, it takes very little: a Pearl hidden in the Deep of the Infinite Ocean! As small as powerful, the Pearl of the Depth gives enormous powers to those who possess it!  For the Winx there is not a minute to waste: how will they stop the plans of their enemies before it's too late?  Get ready: the most dangerous mission of the Winx is about to begin! Eager to impress the Queen of Sheeba, a young Solomon accidentally releases the devil Asmodeus from his prison. With the Kingdom of Jerusalem in peril, Solomon and Princess Naama work together to find an end to Asmodeus' evil rule. A documentary on the life and work of the American designer, Walter Dorwin Teague. It's the story of a poor young farm boy who travels to New York City to become an artist, but ends up creating the new profession of industrial design that helps shape modern America Adapted from the novel by Rebecca Chace, Capture the Flag portrays the tenuous relationship between a father and a daughter in the socially turbulent 1970s. Teen-age Annie and her father Luke are about to gather with friends for an annual game of Capture the Flag. This year, a lot more is at stake than the white T-shirt standing in for the flag. Annie's parents are on the verge of divorce, and this is the first time she and her father are participating without Annie's mother. What starts as a joyous reunion soon breaks down as friendships among the adults fracture and new allegiances among the children are formed. Over the course of this weekend, Annie learns that even though some things change, the most important relationships will somehow endure. Tad Jones, the most awkward explorer, must rescue his beloved Sara from a millionaire who is looking for King Midas' necklace. Super spy and master inventor Agent F.O.X. arrives in Carrot Town with one objective: infiltrate the community of friendly rabbits, locate a mysterious artifact, and return to base immediately. But the mission is turned on its head when the secret agent is discovered... and mistaken for a distant cousin: a long-tailed rabbit. Overwhelmed by their hospitality and friendship, Long Tail is forced to make a difficult choice: abandon his mission or betray his newfound friends. He soon discovers that he is part of a dangerous plot that could threaten the peace between the two animal groups forever. Agent F.O.X. is a high octane animated adventure with lots of laughs, zany action, and a heartwarming story the entire family will enjoy. Kyungcheon is a pianist-in-training who loses his heart and becomes a milk cow. He lives as a man during the day, but becomes a milk cow at night and eats grass. Meanwhile, with the help of wizard Merlin, a satellite named Ilho fell from the cosmos by a supernova, is transformed into a girl. One day, Kyungcheon is attacked by members of a secret agency that chases people who lost their heart. Kyungcheon defeats them with the help of Ilho. Following a narrow escape from secret agents, the two mismatched characters come to know about each other's secrets and draw close. The season turns to autumn. The fight of the protagonist and his group S.E.E.S. with the strange monsters called 'Shadows' is getting closer to the end. Makoto and his allies engage in life-or-death battles with Shadows in order to end the Dark Hour. Through the battles, some must face the deaths of friends and family, some must notice what precious things must be protected, and some must find meaning in the battles that have occurred.  In front of Makoto, the mysterious transfer student Ryouji Mochizuki appears. When the group greets a new morning, the gears of fate begin to turn. A fight revolving around each of the heroes' bonds begins... A headstrong young girl in Afghanistan, ruled by the Taliban, disguises herself as a boy in order to provide for her family. In a country called "Diamond Domain" lies the powerful Heart Diamond, which has served as the kingdom's source of energy and maintained the Ore Country for centuries. Many Carbink live in Diamond Domain, including their princess - the Jewel Pokemon, Diancie, who created the Heart Diamond. Diancie no longer has the power to control the Heart Diamond and her country is falling into chaos as a result.  One day, Diancie meets with Ash and his friends and asks them to go on a journey to find the Life Pokemon, Xerneas, in order to restore the Heart Diamond. Standing in their way is the Pokemon of Destruction, Yveltal, who once stole all of the life in the Kalos Region. During their journey they are attacked by Team Rocket, as well as the jewel thieves Marilyn Flame and Ninja Riot. They are aided by Millis Steel and her father Argus, travelers who also encounter the Cocoon of Destruction. It's the ultimate fairytale musical! Barbie stars as Alexa, a shy princess who discovers a secret door in her kingdom and enters a whimsical land filled with magical creatures and surprises. Inside, Alexa meets Romy and Nori, a mermaid and a fairy, who explain that a spoiled ruler named Malucia is trying to take all the magic in the land. To her surprise, Alexa has magical powers in this world, and her new friends are certain that only she can restore their magic. Discover what happens when Alexa finds the courage to stand up for what's right and learns that the power of friendship is far more precious than magic. Bubble Bubble Meows and his cohorts cooperate to conquer a cold-hearted condiment coup. Through stop-motion animation, drawings and interviews, directors Amer Shomali and Paul Cowan recreate an astonishing true story from the First Palestinian Intifada: the Israeli army's pursuit of eighteen cows, whose independent milk production on a Palestinian collective farm was declared "a threat to the national security of the state of Israel." The film starts with Gian seeing some like spirit and it asks him to accomplish a task. The story starts when a stray dogs are searching some foods in the can. Then a dirty white dog comes out of nowhere. Just then, the dog creates a close stare to the stray dogs and forces to run away. But the dog is disappointed that he doesn't know what to do after searching the garbage, under the pouring rain. After that, Suneo starts saying about the discoverable places on Earth and him and Gian are totally disappointed about that. That then, they are asking favor to Nobita to take them to an undiscovered place to be seen by their naked eyes. Nobita refuses but tells he will try his best. He comes to upstairs to explain Doraemon what the problem is now. Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha Reflection (Mo Fa Shao Nu ririkarunanohaReflection) is the third theatrical anime film in the MGLN franchise. Unlike the previous two films, it will not adapt an existing story (such as StrikerS) but instead feature an original storyline,[2] taking some cue from the plot of The Battle of Aces and The Gears of Destiny but adding original storylines and characters, as well. It is the first part of a two-part story, with the second part titled Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha Detonation. The first movie in a trilogy, focusing on the battle against the Takahashi brothers. High school student Takumi Fujiwara works as a gas station attendant during the day and a delivery boy for his father's tofu shop during late nights. Little does he know that his precise driving skills and his father's modified Toyota Sprinter AE86 Trueno make him the best amateur road racer on Mt. Akina's highway. Because of this, racing groups from all over the Gunma prefecture issue challenges to Takumi to see if he really has what it takes to be a road legend. From creepy cool dances to extra-scare-icular activities, everyone's favorite ghoulfriends are making the grade in these adventures full of electrifying secrets, killer style and fangtastic fun. Veggie pals Laura Carrot and Junior Asparagus have a big job to do...save their beloved Celery Park from being destroyed! All hope of saving the park seems lost until the group remembers that God forgives without question, so why can't they do the same? Will the band reunite to save Celery Park? Find out in this groovy, music-filled VeggieTales adventure.  - Written by Anonymous Your favorite animals are back for an all-new family adventure! Join Maurice, the beloved penguin-tiger, and the Jungle Bunch on their exciting quest for hidden pirate treasure! Hold on to your seats, because the wacky treasure hunt includes all sorts of new adventures and silly surprises, including booby traps, a village of crazy rabbits, and a mysterious "Yellow Dragon." Can the Jungle Bunch outsmart Captain Grubby Beard, his evil gang of Pirates, and an outrageous heap of obstacles to find the precious hidden treasure? Gottland provides an unconventional look at Czechoslovak 20th century history. Inspired by the bestselling book "Gottland" from the Polish journalist Mariusz Szczygiel, this feature-length film is comprised of short stories portraying peculiar fates. Young documentary film makers from renowned Prague Film School FAMU, inspired by the book, take a closer look at the history of post-war Czechoslovakia and Czech Republic, in order to discover new heroes and remind us of the ones that were forgotten or erased from the history.  Heaven is a beautiful, clean suburban paradise as long as they follow one simple rule: DO NOT communicate with "The Evil One" that dwells on the other side of a giant wall that circles the town. One day after chasing one he discovers a talking kitten with a broken leg a small child crawls through a hole in the wall and meets the Evil One, who attempts to teach him the forbidden knowledge that was previously hidden from them all. Two inmates seek revenge on their release from jail after serving a two-week sentence for a crime they did not commit. The film illustrates the extremities of our time and the injustice that surrounds us. The upcoming installment's story takes place amidst signs of postwar reconstruction in the winter of 2028. Tensions are rising in New Port City as demonstrations are held concerning the interests of foreign cartels. This leads to a shooting incident involving riot police. It all started with a cyberbrain infection released by the terrorist "Fire Starter." An independent offensive unit led by Makoto Kusanagi entrusts the suppression of the situation to their ghosts and aims for their own justice. Below the surface of the incident, lies the "tin girl" Emma and the "scarecrow man" Burinda Junior. As Kusanagi deals with the incident, she draws near to what those two ghosts were seeking. Ava, 13, is spending the summer on the Atlantic coast when she learns that she will lose her sight sooner than expected. Her mother decides to act as if everything were normal so as to spend their best summer ever. Ava confronts the problem in her own way. She steals a big black dog that belongs to a young man on the run... Mirabelle and her traveling family band, the Veggietones, are determined to make their next gig at Vegtable Square Garden. On their journey, a fierce winter snowstorm hits, and the family gets stuck at a run-down resort! Mr. Beet, the grumpy manager makes me sing - and clean - for their supper. Why is Mr. Beet such a beast? And can Mirabelle's kindness change him? Find out in this hilarious and heartwarming tale of unconditional love! Mida is a dream therapist who sits on a wheelchair in the real life. However, she has the ability to access people's dreams and solve their psychological problems. In addition, Mida is capable of changing and linking dreams by her singing in dreams. Mida encounters a high school girl, Sue who has been bothered by her predictable dreams. Plagued by terrifying nightmares, Francesca finds herself waking up in tears. Her Grandfather explains the legend of The Somnambulists - the spirits of people wronged in life possessing the living in their dreams. To make matters worse, the sleepy little town Francesca lives in is being terrorized by a deranged serial killer. As Francesca loses her grip on reality, she begins to realize that the legend of The Somnambulists may be more than just a legend. This movie tells the life story of announcer, Gene Okerlund from his humble beginnings to his raise as a famous household name in the world of professional wrestling. Animation -  In a beautiful mountain village, Santa and his trusty mule sidekick Napo are preparing for yet another busy holiday season. After hearing a large crash come from Santa's workshop, the mule gallops to the scene, only to find a large mess and an empty cage. When Napo realizes a wicked goblin has escaped and has set out to ruin Christmas, he must giddy-up, saddle up, and save the holidays. Because when it comes to Christmas, there's no horsing around.  -  Scott Schenberg, Steve Vernon, Matthew Warzel Emiya Shirou is a young magus who attends Homurahara Academy in Fuyuki City. One day after cleaning the Archery Dojo in his school, he catches a glimpse of a fight between superhuman beings, and he gets involved in the Holy Grail War, a ritual where magi called Masters fight each other with their Servants to win the Holy Grail. Shirou joins the battle to stop an evildoer from winning the Grail and to save innocent people, but everything goes wrong when a mysterious "Shadow" begins to indiscriminately kill people in Fuyuki... Top Cat has arrived to charm his way into your hearts! Ever wonder how this scheming feline got his start? Well Top Cat Begins reveals the origins of everything you know and love about this classic comedy hero. What follows is an adventure so crazy that it has to be seen to be believed! Inspired by the best-selling books, this charming series follows the adventures of Little Nutbrown Hare and his father, Big Nutbrown Hare. Autumn is here and it's time for a change. In these seven fun-filled episodes, Little Nutbrown Hare goes about exploring all the wonders and magic that the change of seasons brings to the meadow as Summer turns to Fall.  American Gospel explores the core question of Christianity, 'What is the gospel?' Through the distorting lens of American culture. A romantic comedy that brings together three disparate characters who are learning to face a challenging and often confusing world as they struggle together against a common demon: sex addiction. Rimo and Zimo are two towns that are not very far from each other, divided by a small desert. Both towns' people have stayed away from each other for a long time, feeling mutual hatred and fear. One day, two little rascals from Rimo, Bizdik and Minnik, decide to go to the desert for an adventure. Meanwhile, the Zimo Family enjoys a family picnic at the desert with their baby egg and little daughter. A fairytale about a grand life journey of a 10-year old boy Savva devoted to help his Mom and fellow village people to break free from the vicious hyenas. A team of three pets, a playful ferret, a sweet canary bird and a know-it-all stick insect, head out to ask Saint Nicolas presents for their animal friends and themselves. The journey is filled with adventures and their friendship is severely tested. Three fairy tale princesses find themselves engaged to the same guy, Prince Charming. Dr. Sheri Myes survives the bombing of her home by protesters, but is changed forever by this traumatic experience. Isolated by her obsessions, she functions in a reality of her own creation. She is on the verge of a scientific breakthrough, grafting animal senses to her brain to regain the profundity of her near-death experience. Just when Dr. Myes is poised to succeed, she loses everything and must climb back up from the bottom using unconventional means. This hybrid of animation, songs, and live-action narrative follows the research of Dr. Sheri Myes and her attempts to expand human consciousness. Researchers on the undersea lab Aquatica have genetically altered the brains of captive sharks to develop a cure for Alzheimer's disease. But there's an unexpected side effect: the sharks got smarter, faster, and more dangerous. After a big storm damages their remote research facility, they must fight for their lives. BRICKS IN MOTION is a feature length documentary that explores the lives of individuals involved in the hobby of creating stop-motion animated films with LEGO(r) bricks and other building toys. Filmed in five countries around the world, the film is a journey through the creative life and struggles of a diverse community of storytellers as they bring their spectacular visions to life. A cybernetic ninja must protect a feudal society of spaceship dwellers from a sadistic demon lord. In the irreverent spirit of fun that made "The Lego Movie" a worldwide phenomenon, the self-described leading man of that ensemble--Lego Batman--stars in his own big-screen adventure. But there are big changes brewing in Gotham, and if he wants to save the city from The Joker's hostile takeover, Batman may have to drop the lone vigilante thing, try to work with others and maybe, just maybe, learn to lighten up. Join the Lalaloopsy friends for this sew sweet movie about their first adventures together! After they discover an old scrapbook filled with mementos from when they were babies, the friends reminisce about their nursery days--when they formed their special bond. They realize how those early adventures helped to shape their personalities and develop their interests--and how much the friends and the pets mean to each other--in this delightful, fun-filled movie that Lalaloopsy fans will treasure! Prequel to 2004 coming-of-age live-action film Hana & Alice.  After her parents separate, 14 year-old Tetsuko (who will soon be nick-named Alice) moves with her mother to a new town in what she calls "The Boonies" and must enroll as a transfer student in a new middle school. She immediately finds herself bullied due being assigned the seat of "Judas" who is said to have been murdered over a year before. She is told that if anybody knows his fate it would be Hana, the recluse in the house next door, who has been unable to bring herself to attend class since "Judas" disappeared. A new dark force threatens Ponyville, and the Mane 6 - Twilight Sparkle, Applejack, Rainbow Dash, Pinkie Pie, Fluttershy and Rarity - embark on an unforgettable journey beyond Equestria where they meet new friends and exciting challenges on a quest to use the magic of friendship and save their home. Miles Cullen, a bored teller at a small bank in a large Toronto shopping mall, accidentally learns that his place of business is about to be robbed when he finds a discarded hold up note on one of the bank's counters. Instead of informing the police, he enters a game of cat-and-mouse with the would-be robber. An obese boy named Fat Albert and his friends Rudy, Mushmouth, Bill, Dumb Donald, Russell, and Weird Harold, pulls into trouble when they "fall" out of their TV world into the real world, where Fat Albert tries to help a young girl, Doris, make friends. Patty and Eric Purtle visit their Grandfather for Christmas. After accidentally breaking a clock in his workshop, they then find themselves repeating Christmas Eve. together they must fix time and make Christmas enjoyable for their family. The well-known explorer and hunter Captain Spaulding has just returned from Africa, and is being welcomed home with a lavish party at the estate of influential society matron Mrs. Rittenhouse when a valuable painting goes missing. The intrepid Captain Spaulding attempts to solve the crime with the help of his silly secretary Horatio Jamison, while sparring with the anarchic Signor Emanuel Ravelli and his nutty sidekick The Professor. The Magic Brush is a Chinese animated stop-motion film produced by the Shanghai Animation Film Studio. A young and kind peasant boy named Ma Liang helped a rich man to tend cattle. He liked drawing and drew pictures everywhere and had the greatest dream to be an artist. He works very hard to achieve this dream even though he doesn't own a paintbrush. Princess Froglegs goes undercover to compete in her father's Froglympics in order to avoid being married off to a male suitor. In an unknown time when everything is colorless, the world pale and desolate, everybody is born with similarly pale white skin. There is absolutely no sign of color in this world at all. However, one boy is born with yellowish skin. Everybody treats him like some sort of monster, and the boy lives in isolation, in the woods with his mother. The year he turns 16, the boy's depressed mother, unable to bear the seclusion, commits suicide. The boy blames himself for her death and dreams of becoming a normal pale-skinned person.  Chaar Sahibzaade is the first photo realistic' 3D animation film in S-3D on Sikh history. It is the real story of the sacrifices of the four sons of Guru Gobind Singh ji (tenth guru of Sikhs)- Baba Ajit Singh ji, Baba Jujhar Singh ji, Baba Zorawar Singh ji and Baba Fateh Singh ji. Lloyd Daniels was one of the most gifted basketball players ever to emerge from New York City. He was born in Brooklyn in 1967 and grew up in the poorest neighborhoods of Brooklyn and Queens. His mother died when he was three, and his father deserted the family, leaving Lloyd an orphan to be raised by his two grandmothers. Virtually unsupervised, Lloyd learned early-on how to hustle to survive. Hustling came easy for him because he was a charming and likable kid. He still hustles to this day. A huge bird swoops down and kidnaps Princess Indumati. The army's scoured the whole area and the neighboring kingdoms but there's no trace of Princess Indumati. The only thing Bheem finds was strange bird-feathers from the land of Incas. Bheem and team starts searching in the forests of Mexico where Dholu-Bholu fall off into a river. Bheem and others jump in to save them but are soon carried off by the rivers currents to the shores of a desolate valley. The valley is covered with heaps and heaps of ashes all around one such mound lie near the princess bangles. The sun rises and the mounds of ashes takes the shape of humans. The Incas where they meet Princess Indumati. When Blitzen announces his retirement on December 21st, a miniature horse has 3 days to fulfill his lifelong dream of earning a spot on Santa's team at the North Pole try-outs. As a child, Bobby Mak was known as Mcdull. Although Mcdull wasn't the sharpest tool in the shed, his mother was a different story. Her astounding intelligence and resourcefulness enabled her to, for example, simultaneously run more than six businesses from a space of less than 100 square feet. Mcdull and his mother lived together happily during Mcdull's childhood, but things began to change as Mcdull got older. A distance that never existed before began to grow between him and his mother... Rosie Ming, a young Canadian poet, is invited to perform at a Poetry Festival in Shiraz, Iran, but she'd rather be in Paris. She lives at home with her over-protective Chinese grandparents and has never been anywhere by herself. Once in Iran, she finds herself in the company of poets and Persians, all who tell her stories that force her to confront her past; the Iranian father she assumed abandoned her and the nature of Poetry itself. It's about building bridges between cultural and generational divides. It's about being curious. Staying open. And finding your own voice through the magic of poetry.  Rosie goes on an unwitting journey of forgiveness, reconciliation, and perhaps above all, understanding, through learning about her father's past, her own cultural identity, and her responsibility to it. A love potion works its devious charms on fairies, elves and the swamp-dwelling Bog King as they all try to possess the potion for themselves. An automated girl and tortoise warrior journey with a band of outlaws on an incredible quest. Their one hope is to find a legendary relic to defeat a sinister mechanized army and save the creatures of their world.  Balgar is a brand known among the 10-18 age group, almost 100%. Balgar is a peculiar subculture phenomenon that in less than five years managed to become a favorite of tens and even hundreds of thousands of teenagers. And now come down from the computer to conquer the big screen. The first Bulgarian full-length animated film from more than 40 years. The first Bulgarian independent animated film. The first Bulgarian 3D Stereoscopic Movie. Year 2116--The Japanese government begins to export the Sibyl System unmanned drone robots to troubled countries, and the system spreads throughout the world. A state in the midst of a civil war, SEAUn (the South East Asia Union), brings in the Sibyl System as an experiment. Under the new system, the coastal town of Shambala Float achieves temporary peace and safety. But then SEAUn sends terrorists to Japan. They slip through the Sibyl System and then attack from within. The shadow of a certain man falls on this incident. In charge of the police, Tsunemori travels to Shambala Float to investigate. The truth of justice on this new ground will become clear. Recap of the Aoki Hagane no Arpeggio: Ars Nova TV series, with approximately 40 minutes of new material.  By 2039, global warming had caused sea levels to rise and large amount of territory to be lost. As though in response, a mysterious group of warships clad in mist, "the Fleet of Mist," appeared in every corner of the ocean, and began attacking human ships. In spite of humanity mustering all their strength, they were utterly defeated by the Mist's overwhelming force. All of humanity's trade routes were blockaded by the Fleet of Mist, their political economy was destroyed, and the human race was steadily beaten down. Seven years later, the Fleet of Mist's submarine I-401 appears before cadet Gunzo Chihaya. The humanoid life form that pilots the sub, who should be their enemy, is instead offering her services to mankind. Submarines Olly and Beth join their friend Bobsie, who is convinced he is the great-grandson of the Rainbow "Pie-Rats", to search for the legendary secret treasure that reflects the beautiful rainbows in the sky.  Their exciting treasure hunt is filled with wonder, comedy, thrills and adventure. But, they are followed by the unscrupulous Snarky Sharkskin and his slippery seahorse gang. As resourceful as ever, Olly and Beth manage to overcome all the problems they encounter, survive the storms at sea, make a heroic rescue, and find the glittering rainbow treasure. However, in the end, the treasure hunt leads them to understand that the best treasure of all is family and friendship. The authorized documentary on late Guitar/lead singer Kurt Cobain from his early days in Aberdeen Washington to his success and downfall with Grunge band Nirvana. The story of The Empire of Corpses takes place in 19th century Europe, and revolves around John Watson. He is scouted by the government to become a secret agent- However, Watson lives in a world where "Frankensteins"- human corpses that are re-purposed with a false soul in order to use them as laborers- are used to improve industrial development. Group of prostitutes who rely on each other to revolt against their sinister pimps. Their bid for freedom turns much more dangerous than they ever imagined. In 1962 China, Japanese warlords hold the power and are wielding it with no regard to ethics or propriety. Two private entities, the Nagoa Isam Transportation Company and the Bai Loon Forwarding Agency, have taken competition to the extreme, wreaking havoc and violence as a means to hold onto whatever sovereignty they may have. Loyalty no longer exists as residents watch out only for their own interests. Pleasant Goat and Big Big Wolf Meet The Pegasus  In order to impress his beautiful French neighbor, Dylan Ramsey dognaps her pet pooch so he can return him and become a hero. Kyuta, a boy living in Shibuya, and Kumatetsu, a lonesome beast from Jutengai, an imaginary world. One day, Kyuta forays into the imaginary world and, as he's looking for his way back, meets Kumatetsu who becomes his spirit guide. That encounter leads them to many adventures. Yugi and Kaiba have a special duel that transcends dimensions. In an unspecified year in the future, the Captain Pixws and his space pirate crew are forced to deliver tanning showers to every corner of the universe. Dolcezza Extrema starship will live an extraordinary adventure. It's not 1985 anymore...it's 1986, and Chuck Steel is 'the best God damn cop on the force' according to his long suffering boss, Captain Jack Schitt. But even this maverick, renegade, loose cannon, lone wolf, cop on the edge, who doesn't play by the rules has his work cut out when the Governor of LA decides to reduce the licensing hours for clubs and bars triggering a sudden, inexplicable spate of high profile disappearances in the city. The disappearances all have the same thing in common, a crime scene covered in blood but with no sign of the victim. The police are perplexed until they get a break in the case when one of the victims manages to escape. Chuck goes to interview the victim at the hospital but is confronted by a crazed old man who introduces himself as Abraham Van Rental. He warns a disbelieving Chuck that an evil scourge is about to descend on the city of Los Angeles - the scourge of the TRAMPIRES - a mutated hybrid of vampire and tramp. Relive the story of Cinderella in this high quality animated feature for your kids and family. Cinderella is in the hands of her cruel mother, but finds Prince Charles, and with him, lives happily ever after. Kubo mesmerizes the people in his village with his magical gift for spinning wild tales with origami. When he accidentally summons an evil spirit seeking vengeance, Kubo is forced to go on a quest to solve the mystery of his fallen samurai father and his mystical weaponry, as well as discover his own magical powers. The kids are going about their lives like other children, at times finding it difficult to control their powers. It is only during a school trip when they run into the mysterious circus performer, Erma , that things start to heat up. It's been six years since that summer adventure when Taichi Yagami and the rest of the DigiDestined crossed over to the Digital World. And nearly three years have passed since the final battle between Hikari Yagami's group and BelialVamdemon. As the peaceful days passed by, at some point the gate to the Digital World closed. Not even the DigiDestined know what caused this, and time alone continues to pass.  The story of a pioneer of the engine who dreamt of dragonflies as a child and died living out his dream. The story of Magic Train was based on a girl called Lin Lin, who was an American Born Chinese and brought up overseas. During her trip to China on a traveling train, she had experienced series of amazing things from what she saw in China. The film was particularly concerned about different aspect of artistic levels. From the unique style and technique of animation, the film had shown the humanistic feelings from the combination of Chinese traditional cultural and modern life. It also had a lot of entertainment and artistic affection, too. The season turns to autumn. The fight of the protagonist and his group S.E.E.S. with the strange monsters called 'Shadows' is getting closer to the end. Makoto and his allies engage in life-or-death battles with Shadows in order to end the Dark Hour. Through the battles, some must face the deaths of friends and family, some must notice what precious things must be protected, and some must find meaning in the battles that have occurred.  In front of Makoto, the mysterious transfer student Ryouji Mochizuki appears. When the group greets a new morning, the gears of fate begin to turn. A fight revolving around each of the heroes' bonds begins... Set in a futuristic Japan after the end of a brutal world war, science has advanced by leaps and bounds giving humanity the choice to prolong life and reduce suffering with the use of sophisticated cybernetics. With all of humanity linked into one system of minds and personalities known as ghosts, the biggest threat to civilization is the cyber terrorists capable of hijacking people's bodies and memories. When a ghost-infecting virus known as Fire-Starter begins spreading through the system resulting in the assassination of the Japanese Prime Minister, Major Motoko Kusanagi and her elite team of special operatives are called in to track down its source. As they delve deeper and deeper into their investigation, they uncover traces of government corruption and a shadowy broker that bears an all-too-familiar face.  The film is a continuation to the plot of the Pyrophoric Cult episode of Arise, and ties up loose ends from that arc. The story 11-year-old Luis who makes friends with three loveable little aliens, who crash their UFO into his house. In return for Luis' help in finding the home-shopping channel stuff they came for, they save Luis from boarding school - and an exciting adventure follows. Another Boonie Bears movie. Molly Monster is going to have a sibling soon, but his good friend Edison is a little bit jealous and worried she might forget about him. When Molly's parents have to travel to the Island where monster parents hatch their eggs, Molly is not allowed to go because she is too young, nonetheless she decides to reach them on her own as soon as she realizes they missed to bring her sibling's gift with them.  The sadistic tale of a lonely, mentally handicapped boy who befriends his reflection in an antique mirror. This demonic creature orders him to go on a murderous rampage to kill the people he loves most. The life of Hungarian poet Miklos Radnoti, who died in the Holocaust. Seven individual stories show milestones in the poet's life, with characters taken either from his works or from his personal history. Canterlot High meets its rival school, Crystal Prep Academy, in a competition that's a long-standing tradition - The Friendship Games. Sunset Shimmer is tasked with keeping magic out of the games to avoid the appearance of impropriety while she and her friends compete against Crystal Prep's top students led by someone with an equal amount of interest in Equestrian magic - this world's TWILIGHT SPARKLE. Scouring the ocean depths for treasure-laden shipwrecks is business as usual for a thrill-seeking underwater adventurer and his wisecracking buddy. But when these two cross paths with a beautiful doctor, they find themselves on the ultimate treasure hunt.  Universal Century 0068, Side 3 - The Autonomous Republic of Munzo. Zeon Zum Deikun attempts to declare complete independence of Munzo from the Earth Federation Government, while he preaches the evolutionary potential of humans who have advanced into outer space. Deikun however suddenly falls to his death in the middle of his speech at parliament. Upon Deikun's death, Jimba Ral spreads word of a House of Zabi conspiracy - but despite such efforts the power and sphere of influence of House of Zabi, led by Degwin Sodo Zabi, only seem to escalate. While we witness for the first time the untold convulsions of Universal Century history, Casval and Artesia, just bereaved of their father, must face destinies which will be just as tumultuous as the very era itself. Danny Says is a documentary unveiling the amazing journey of Danny Fields. Fields has played a pivotal role in music and culture with seminal acts including: the Doors, the Velvet Underground, the Stooges, MC5, Nico, the Ramones and beyond. This is the story of PACO, a 40-year-old, confirmed bachelor who, in the prime of his life, realises a childhood dream: to work at home in his pajamas. Just when he's reached the zenith of personal happiness, however, into his life walks Jilguero (the name means "Birdie" in Spanish), a girl he falls in love with who must get used to the fact that her man's main objective in life is to remain at home in his pajamas. This is also a story about the bachelors, the couples, and friends who, through their hilarious anecdotes, influence their lives and relationship. A young girl had her voice magically taken away so that she would never hurt people with it, but her outlook changes when she encounters music and friendship. In a small Scottish town in 1974, factory workers refuse to carry out repairs on warplane engines in an act of solidarity against the violent military coup in Chile. 40 years after their defiant stand in protest against Pinochet's Air Force, Scottish pensioners discover the dramatic consequences of their solidarity. The story of Sport and Spoon - two young hustlers who attend the eponymous convention, only to get tangled up in a financial disagreement that leads to a shootout, police chase and finishes with Sport on death row, weighing up what it all means. Taking its title from the album, the film blends archive photos with interviews and uses unique animated sequences set to the album. It portrays Hustlers Convention in its wider social context and Jalal's personal story as one of rap's undisputed pioneers. Condorito must find a way to rescue his mother in law from an ancient race of aliens which wants to enslave the universe once again. Ash, Pikachu, and their friends come to a desert city by the sea. Here they meet the Mythical Pokemon Hoopa, which has the ability to summon things--including people and Pokemon--through its magic rings. After a scary incident, they learn of a story about a brave hero who stopped the rampage of a terrifying Pokemon long ago. Now, the threat that has been bottled up for years is in danger of breaking loose again. Amazing Pleasant Goat The court horse Gaius Julius Caesar to his misfortune overhears boyars and learns about a conspiracy against the prince. What to do? Protect a prince no one! Heroes away - catch a robber Potanyu, Dragon on vacation, the army on maneuvers ... But if the bad guys are going to take over the world, to someone it is necessary to save him? Who is he, a hero who will come to the rescue? Of course, the horse Julius! This Strategy and the "grand strategist". He would save all, but if you do not save, then at least try. Most importantly, to the rescue of the world did not turn a complete disaster. Minky Momo uses her magic to become a brilliant soccer coach, in order to help her friend Tommy and his losing soccer team. When a baseball team won't allow little girls to play, Magical Minky Momo (Gigi) uses her powers to change that. When Minky Momo and her friends get lost on their way to a lake, they take refuge in a frightening haunted house. Minky Momo must use her magical powers to help her friend T.J. recover his stolen music composition. Magical girl Minky Momo (Gigi) goes on one of her strangest adventures when she must deliver a penguin's egg to her father's friend. 'Bill Gaede: El Crazy Che' is a documentary about the most amazing case of industrial espionage: the incredible story of an argentine engineer born in Lanus, programmer, and cold war spy who worked at AMD and Intel. While at AMD, he provided the Cuban Government with technical information from the semiconductor industry which the Cubans passed on to the Soviet bloc, primarily to the Soviet Union and East Germany.  A small but brave donkey and his animal friends become the unsung heroes of the greatest story ever told, the first Christmas. Boruto is the son of the 7th Hokage Naruto who completely rejects his father. Behind this, he has feelings of wanting to surpass Naruto, who is respected as a hero. He ends up meeting his father's friend Sasuke, and requests to become... his apprentice!? The curtain on the story of the new generation written by Masashi Kishimoto rises! When Curious George is offered a special space mission, Ted (The Man in the Yellow Hat) can't deny his little friend this exciting journey, especially after Curious George completes the training. But when he crash-lands in Africa, a worried Ted goes searching, expecting the worst, only to have it turn out to be the best. Storks deliver babies...or at least they used to. Now they deliver packages for a global internet retail giant. Junior, the company's top delivery stork, is about to be promoted when he accidentally activates the Baby Making Machine, producing an adorable and wholly unauthorized baby girl... Stork is a gangly young man, a virgin with an overactive imagination who thinks he's a revolutionary. Bored with a design job at General Motors Holden in Melbourne, he drops out and moves into a share house with his mate Westy. He daydreams his way through life, bungling job interviews, upsetting 'respectable' people, and getting drunk. The only girl in the house, Anna resists Stork's advances, because she's already involved with the other two resident males, Tony and Clyde. But when she becomes pregnant and Clyde and Anna decide to marry, Stork, Tony, Clyde and Westy are shocked when they realize that either one of the foursome could be the father. Then the fun begins.... In Bamse and the Witch's daughter Croesus Vole finds gold in the beavers' dam. To demolish the dam and get the gold he tricks the witch's daughter Lova to enchant Bamse. With Bamse gone, it's up to the children to help each other to stop Croesus - but to do that they have to be friends. Miles Morales is juggling his life between being a high school student and being a spider-man. When Wilson "Kingpin" Fisk uses a super collider, others from across the Spider-Verse are transported to this dimension. The road to glory is walked as a pack. When the Mexicanine Republic becomes the host for the World Canine Cup, the coach has one chance to put together the best team in history; but the new warriors will have to learn to put aside their differences and work as a team, to show their country that ultimate football glory is more than just a dream. Film deals with the problematic of the water exploitation, contamination and manipulation. The documentary points to the realizations and discoveries that water memorizes and that it is conscious. Toto has grown and now is a young cock. An evil rancher tricks the female owner of the ranch where they live and forces her to bet the property in a cockfight in the arena. Toto is the only option to defend their home, so he must train in just one week and win the championship of the arena. The all-powerful Monkey King once roamed freely between Heaven and Earth, but after angering the Gods, he was imprisoned within an ice cage deep within the mountains. 500 years later, monsters attack a small village and a child flees to the mountains. Unknowingly, the child releases the Monkey King from his curse. With the help and encouragement from this special child, Monkey King saves the village from the evil monsters. With dreams bigger than his small stature, a rural rabbit named Robb hurls himself in pursuit of his province's biggest prize, a storied 'Jade Table' awarded annually to the finest ping pong player in the land. Standing in his path is the fact that rabbits don't play ping pong, and the province's perennial champion is a ruthless monkey who uses the Jade Table to amass power and wealth, with no plans to relinquish either. Robb must prove that rabbits will no longer run scared, and that his improbable ping pong dreams will change not only his future, but also the fate of his entire province. Polar Adventure is a new russian cartoon Hundreds of thousands of years after the collapse of civilization, the world is a post-tech wasteland, and is inhabited by humanoid tribes. The Peace held between them is threatened by the return of Wushen, an evil shape-shifting ghost of modern technology. Wushen threatens to enslave the world population. Zhuma, a ten-year-old girl is the heroine of the story, accompanied by Zhanggong, her lion-like Tibetan Mastiff dog. Chosen, and helped by a ethereal goddess she must assemble a band of allies from the surviving tribes to fight Wushen, and stop him from gaining control over an ancient power. Quirky and rebellious April Burns lives with her boyfriend in a low-rent New York City apartment miles away from her emotionally distant family. But when she discovers that her mother has a fatal form of breast cancer, she invites the clan to her place for Thanksgiving. While her father struggles to drive her family into the city, April -- an inexperienced cook -- runs into kitchen trouble and must ask a neighbor for help. Dreaming of adventure, city mouse Gavin and his buddy Matthew join a crew of Ship Mice ready to set sail - just as young Chester bursts in, pleading for help. Stowing away on a boat, the gang heads for Dream Island to defend Chester's family of mice against Winston the White Weasel (Jon Lovitz) and his wicked weasel clan. But is their courage enough?  Minky Momo (Gigi) uses her magical powers to help a little boy named Billy to believe in Santa Claus. After heroically defeating both the Snow Queen and the Snow King, Gerda still cannot find peace. Her dream is to find her parents who were once taken away from them by the North Wind and finally reunite the family. Thus, Gerda and her friends embark on an exiting journey to find her parents and encounter new challenges along the way: they discover an ancient magical artifact of the trolls, the Stone of Fire and Ice. From that moment on, things don't go according to the initial plan...Will Gerda be able to tame the mighty forces of the magical elements and get her family back? The answer will be reveled in 2016. This is a story which encompasses everything you love about Wizart: kindness, bravery, friendship, mystery, love of one's family, and a happy ending, of course! The cunning and wicked Urfin wants to become ruler of Magic Land. With an army of wooden soldiers, he captures the Emerald City and renames it ti Urfinville. He is all but ready to celebrate victory, when his plans are ruined by an ordinary girl named Dorothy, who arrives in Magic Land just at the right time. She must return home, but not before she helps her friends - the Scarecrow, the Tin Man, and new-brave Lion - defeat Urfin. And in order to do that, they need to find out who he really is. In the fifth century, constant civil war scars western China. To escape death, Ti, a young scout, jumps through a crevice in the Zu mountains where he meets and becomes the apprentice of Ting Yin, a spiritual man with great fighting powers. They encounter a monk, Hsiao Yu, also a great fighter and a good man, but unfriendly to Ting. Because Ting and Hsiao can't work together, it falls to Ti to team with Hsiao's acolyte Yi Chen: they have 49 days to travel far to claim two swords that are the only weapons that can defeat the Blood Demon, who has decided the wreak havoc on the world. They get help from Long Brows, Ting falls in love with a countess, and civil war still rages. Ernie, Julia, and Max accidentally start a time-machine and find themselves back in time 65 million years, where they are adopted by a doting dinosaur mom and a rambunctious dinosaur brother while, back in the present day, their parents plot their rescue. ONE BAD CAT is about the transformative role art plays in the tumultuous life of 82 year-old, African-American, renowned "outsider" artist Reverend Albert Wagner. He has been a lightening rod for controversy his entire life. Racism, ego and lust led him to the brink of ruin. Miraculously turned onto religion at age 50, he was inspired by God to paint, and become a famous artist for a mostly White clientele. From a racist Southern upbringing, in his later years his artwork railed against the lifestyles of members of the African-American community, which created as many detractors as champions. Near the film's conclusion, an ailing Albert comes to terms with his checkered past. Was Albert's penitence real and did he achieve redemption through his art?  Dug, along with his sidekick Hognob, unite a cavemen tribe to save their hidden valley from being spoiled and, all together as a team, to face the menace of a mysterious and mighty enemy, on the turf of an ancient and sacred sport. In the future the Empire of Mortemonde has enslaved almost all nations on Earth. Each month everyone is forced to play the virtual reality computer game Battledream. Only those who reach a score of 1000 points are allowed to live one more month. And on top of that you can also really die in the game. Impenetrable firewalls make sure that nobody can cheat or break the codes. Syanna Meridian, a fearless young slave, decides to fight this inhuman system, together with her devoted friend Alytha Mercuri. There's only one free nation left on the planet, Sablereve, but its leaders prefer to run rather than to fight. It's up to Syanna to convince them to join her, but to achieve that she has to win one final game against the best players of Mortemonde, Isaac Ravengorn and Alexander Torquemada. The subversive masterpieces of Russian-Ukrainian writer Isaac Babel challenged the reality of life under rising totalitarianism, and led to his arrest and execution in 1940. In Finding Babel, Andrei Malaev-Babel confronts complex traces of a turbulent history that echo in his grandfather's writing and in the conflicts of today's Ukraine and Russia. Babel's fiction is woven into Andrei's search with ethereal animation that puts the viewer, like Babel's readers, between fantasy and reality. Angelino is just one of thousands of deadbeats living in Dark Meat City. But an otherwise unremarkable scooter accident caused by a beautiful, mysterious stranger is about to transform his life... into a waking nightmare! He starts seeing monstrous forms prowling around all over the city... Is Angelino losing his mind, or could an alien invasion really be happening this quietly...? A story of unrequited love between an old man who wants a friend and a squirrel who wants a sandwich. A thriller inspired by real cases, the fictional lawyer Fernando Sabogal fights for human rights in a corrupt Colombia where FARCS and paramilitary groups are blended with the government and military forces. Operating under a pseudonym which means 'no boundaries' - North Korean defector Sun Mu creates political pop art based on his life, homeland, and hope for a future united Korea. His hidden identity is nearly compromised when a massive historical exhibit in Beijing is shuttered by Chinese and North Korean authorities. Tony, a thirteen-year-old boy on vacation in rural Germany, is fascinated by the idea of vampires. Meanwhile Rudolph, a vampire of "similar" age (313!), encounters trouble when his clan is threatened by a dangerously obsessed hunter. Fate brings these two boys together, as Tony & Rudolph set off an action-packed battle to stop the villain, save Rudolph's family and learn the power of friendship. In the woods there lives a mouse and his friends, and they are always scared of getting eaten by the fox or other predators who can't get food in a fair way. They have to make some laws so they all can live togheter in peace. On a tiny exotic island, Tuesday, an outgoing parrot lives with his quirky animal friends in paradise. However, Tuesday can't stop dreaming about discovering the world. After a violent storm, Tuesday and his friends wake up to find a strange creature on the beach: Robinson Crusoe. Tuesday immediately views Crusoe as his ticket off the island to explore new lands. Likewise, Crusoe soon realizes that the key to surviving on the island is through the help of Tuesday and the other animals. It isn't always easy at first, as the animals don't speak "human." Slowly but surely, they all start living together in harmony, until one day, when their comfortable life is overturned by two savage cats, who wish to take control of the island. A battle ensues between the cats and the group of friends but Crusoe and the animals soon discover the true power of friendship up against all odds (even savage cats). The strange little guy in the blue hood is well known to Krosmoz. His name is Joris and he's proposing to take you on a fantastic adventure. Our hero is leading a happy life in his magic shop in the city of Bonta. But one day, when he seeks out his idol, a Gobbowl superstar, everything changes for the worst as Julith, the vengeful witch, is back in town! Iesodo (YAY-Sa-Doe) is a wise white dove, whose name means "The Way of Jesus." Watch as he and his friends bring your favorite New Testament stories to life in a whole new way! Iesodo and his friends live in the Holy Land, in a beautiful Cypress Tree on the shores of a vast Lake (or as we know it, the Sea of Galilee). These birds are an unlikely group of friends, and though they have their differences, they have one thing in common: since they met Iesodo, their lives have never been the same!"Miracles are Everywhere" - A big event is happening!  Pettson and Findus find themselves snowed in their house. The little cat is scared that Christmas is ruined, but Pettson promises that they will celebrate "the best Christmas ever".  After visiting his father in Arkham Sanitarium, young Howard Lovecraft accidentally uses the legendary Necronomicon to open a portal to a strange frozen world filled with horrifying creatures and a great adventure. Newlywed Suzu Urano moves to her new life in Kure City on the coast of Hiroshima Prefecture, where she perseveres through World War II with pluck and determination. After defeating the Nether world, the king of Persist, decides to destroy the Devil. He leaves the power to Prince Zahak. The Evil reappear in Zahak's soul.Kaveh, a blacksmith, leads a revolt. Will the eternal battle between darkness and light end ? One day Doraemon, Nobita, Shizuka, Gian and Suneo were shooting a film as space heroes. When they were shooting the film in the open lot a boy called Aron comes and alerts them of aliens attacking his planet. They agree to help him by turning into real superheroes, but it isn't as easy as it looks. There's a crisis in the Chinese Spirit World -- humans don't believe in gods anymore! A Door God, facing unemployment, ventures into the human world to prove his worth, leading to unexpected encounters and transformations for humans and spirits alike. Caroline dreams of a life filled with adventure. Then one day, while living with her healer Granny and troublesome cat Mus, Caroline gets her chance. While looking through her granny's healing potions, Caroline stumbles across a magic formula that will make her fly. Jumping with excitement, Caroline turns an ordinary umbrella into her own personal flying broomstick. But magic isn't always used for good and when the evil leader of a manufacturing company finds out about the magic potion, she kidnaps Caroline's Granny in order to steal the recipe. When Caroline finds out, she jumps into action and starts off on the adventure of her lifetime to rescue her Granny. An epic anthology feature film event combining 25 shorts from different queer directors worldwide, each telling a story based on a color/fetish of the infamous hanky code.  Based on the novel of the same name, the film depicts the endless battles of four kingdoms as they fight for power and domination of the one ultimate realm.Based on his 2 beloved fantasy novels with 6 million copies sold, L.O.R.D is acclaimed writer and director Guo Jingming's follow up to his Tiny Times films.  The action-adventure odyssey is set in a world of warring Sorcerers, Lords and Beasts. The first CGI Film to come from China On the making of Studio Trigger's "Little Witch Academia: The Enchanted Parade" (2015). After a hapless fisherman is tricked out of his skin, he teams up with a mermaid to seek revenge on his malefactors. Tu the Rabbit must regain his lost Kung Fu that was bestowed by the Master, and with his heroic friends, take on an evil lord that is terrorizing the people with the secret of "Martial of Fire". It's 2070 and our planet is ravaged by earthquakes and volcanic activity. Nowhere on Earth is hit worse than the Korean peninsula. Ha-jin, a sly, savvy orphan, prowls the rubble of a broken, barely functioning Busan wracked by daily tremors. Her petty crimes land her in jail, and from there the clutches of human traffickers -- and finally far out to sea, rescued (or rather, kidnapped?) by a ragtag band of pirates seeking the precious crystals at the heart of a volcanic island. To reach their prize, they'll need to defeat the island's fearsome guardian, the legendary volcano whale. And to do that, they'll need Ha-jin's special talent for summoning whales. But is her rare power a blessing, or a curse? Combining ancient designs discovered on the Silk Road, and an enigmatic natural power called the Origin, Zhang Meng created Arti-C, a powerful mechanical man made of wood and metal. Having stirred up fears, he was accused of treason and slain -- but not before entrusting the Arti to his son Mo, who controls the wooden robot, and his daughter Tong, a cocky swordswoman. The siblings, now grown, pursue a perilous quest across the desert in search of the legendary city of Loulan, where they hope to find the Origin at its source. However, with ambitious royal schemes afoot and a mysterious tribe guarding the Origin, the Zhangs' goal will not be easy to achieve. In the battle to come, are they even on the right side?  Lola Bunny invents a perfume with the adverse effect of turning people invisible, sending her and cab driver Bugs Bunny on the run from the FBI, while another shady group seeks the formula. Set in 1920's Vienna, this is the tale of a little girl, whose godfather gives her a special doll one Christmas Eve. As Batman hunts for the escaped Joker, the Clown Prince of Crime attacks the Gordon family to prove a diabolical point mirroring his own fall into madness. George Dull Knife, a teenager from the Pine Ridge Reservation in South Dakota, is the youngest in a long line of legendary Lakota leaders. Abandoned by his mother and raised by a proud activist father, George must learn to adapt the old ways to the realities of modern life. Over five years, against a backdrop of rising tensions, George finds himself clashing with the police and his tribal council as he finds his place in a climate of social injustice and family demands. Join Captain Cuke (Larry the Cucumber) and his loyal first officer, Mr. Spork (Bob the Tomato), as they embark on an out of this world adventure to save the galaxy from a menacing space pirate. Noah and his family along with a zoo full of animals take an adventure aboard an orange slice ark. After 40 days and nights of rain, everyone's faith has been tested, and they're ready to jump ship. Will they chart a new course, or will they remember to trust God's promises? Grad your umbrellas and find out in this VeggieTales re-telling of the beloved Bible story! Gene, a multi-expressional emoji, sets out on a journey to become a normal emoji. Johnny Holliday, a charming American biker space outlaw, leads a motley wild bunch of rebel bandits in a collision course with legendary villain Kathulo to determine the fate of the galaxy. Along the way, Johnny also has to face off with Ramona Sanchez, a hot-headed childhood rival who now protects their town of Rio Bravo as a hard-ass hardcore cop, enforcing the law with an iron fist. The famous rock band The Paperback music is convened for a big concert at Big Depression. Arriving at their destination, no musical event seems ready for that day, but suddenly a secret passage opens to the planet Planio, where dictator Balthazar has banned all kinds of music.  The adventures of a kind-hearted mermaid who saves a captain's daughter from the stormy ocean, despite the Sea-God's warning not to intervene in the affairs of mortals. However when the captain needs her help again, the mermaid princess must choose between following the laws of the ocean and saving her new human friends from a band of pirates and a dangerous island giant.   Roco Kingdom 4 is a 2015 Chinese animated fantasy adventure film directed by Hugues Martel and Dongbiao Cao and part of the Roco Kingdom film series. The film was released on August 13, 2015. It was preceded by Roco Kingdom 3. In this magical, enchanting fairy tale we follow a young girl who, in search of her long-lost father, discovers a charming hidden cottage inhabited by the beautiful Snow White and the seven dwarves. With her newfound friends by her side, they embark on a spell-binding adventure to find her missing father and discover whether 'happily ever after' really does exist. Nandi, a wannabe music composer returns to his rural hometown in Hungary after 7 years of abortive wandering. His stay is temporary waiting for a work visa to New Zealand. Meanwhile he goes through a series of encounters that act as mirrors to him, forcing him to come to terms with his life. Spans 300 years in the life of one famed musical instrument that winds up in present-day Montreal on the auction block. Crafted by the Italian master Bussotti (Cecchi) in 1681, the red violin derives its unusual color from the human blood mixed into the finish. With this legacy, the violin travels to Austria, England, China, and Canada, leaving both beauty and tragedy in its wake. To save the universe, and their friendship, Mordecai and Rigby must defeat an evil volleyball coach. Croatia, 7th of January 1992: In the middle of the war, a young journalist's body is discovered dressed in the uniform of an international mercenary group. Twenty years later, his cousin Anja Kofmel investigates his story. August 1914. While Jean Mordant is away winning the title of Wrestling Champion of the World in Buenos Aires, his daughter Mimi is raped by German occupiers in Ostend. Jean swears he will avenge this immoral disgrace. With his coach Victor and young nephew Guido, he enrolls in the prestigious ACM (Armored Car Division). But the heavily-built armored vehicles keep getting stuck in the mud of Flanders. The battalion is hastily transferred to the Eastern front. Jean is devastated by frustration for he has just learned that Mimi is pregnant. But war conditions are ruthless and he and his friends embark on a dramatic journey that ultimately will drag them around the world. Adam (10) meets Abulele, an ancient, huge, friendly and invisible monster. When a government Special Forces unit arrives to capture Abulele, Adam has to put his past behind, in order to save his friend, and learn when you really love someone, you're never alone. After he's grounded by an injury, a high-flying bachelor is saddled with two wide-eyed orphans as they come face-to-face with the dangers and beauty of the outside world. Nychos is an illustrator, Urban Art- and Graffiti artist who became known with his street concept RABBIT EYE MOVEMENT (REM) 10 years ago. The icon of the movement is a white rabbit, which has been breeding since then and has been popping up in the streets all over the globe for the past decade. This is exactly what Nychos thrives for - he travels the world to spread his art and his REM concept. Within the last two years Nychos was accompanied by filmmaker Christian Fischer who recorded these journeys to create a full lenght movie. "The Deepest Depths Of The Burrow" is a documentary about art, lifestyle and subculture. An Irish doctor survived the atomic bomb attack on Nagasaki and was given a Samurai sword for the lives he saved. 70 years later his family searches for the origin of their father's sword. On a dark night, the Japanese police is raided by a spy. Different countries' intelligence agencies--such as England's MI6, Germany's BDN, and America's CIA--as well as the FBI's secret files are going to be taken, but public safety officers lead by Tooru Amuro arrive just in time. The spy steals a car and escapes. The spy and Amuro are then locked in a dead heat on the highway, and just as it is about to cause an accident with multiple cars, the spy's car is hit by FBI agent Shuichi Akai's rifle bullet and falls of the roadway.  The next day, Conan and his friends go to a newly-remodeled aquarium in Tokyo. Under the main attraction, a Ferris wheel, Conan finds an attractive woman alone and injured. Her left and right eyes are different colors. When royal Princess Courtney trades places with famous rock star Erika, two worlds collide while both learn to appreciate new friends and experiences. In this unique and dynamic live concert experience, Louis C.K.'s exploration of life after 40 destroys politically correct images of modern life with thoughts we have all had...but would rarely admit to. The planned film trilogy retells the beginning of the story from Shuuichi Shigeno's original car-racing manga. High school student Takumi Fujiwara works as a gas station attendant during the day and a delivery boy for his father's tofu shop during late nights. Little does he know that his precise driving skills and his father's modified Toyota Sprinter AE86 Trueno make him the best amateur road racer on Mt. Akina's highway. Because of this, racing groups from all over the Gunma prefecture issue challenges to Takumi to see if he really has what it takes to be a road legend.  Arlene Raven (1944-2006) was a feminist historian, theoretician, poet, and art historian who has published numerous books on contemporary art and written criticism for The Village Voice and a variety of other newspapers, art magazines, exhibition catalogues, and scholarly journals since 1969. She is a pioneer in progressive education and was an architect of the educational programs of the Feminist Studio Workshop, an independent school. She is also the founder of the Women's Caucus for Art, the Los Angeles Woman's Building, and Chrysalis magazine. She became interested in art at an early age, believing that it separated all the boring facts of life into something magical and special. Birdboy and his animal friends plan their escape from an ecologically devastated island in this surreal, animated fantasy. Artist Dryden Goodwin's first feature-length essay film, focuses on four individuals with extraordinary relationships to looking: an international eye surgeon, a NASA planetary explorer, a leading human rights lawyer and the artist/filmmaker himself. Mixing Goodwin's closely observed drawings, live action and intricately woven soundtrack, the film explores different scales, forms and reasons for looking, in a poetic and metaphysically charged journey. Rabbit Max, a juvenile shoplifter, gets trapped in an old-fashioned school. With rabbit girl Emmy, he acquires Easter Rabbits' secret skills, battles a sneaky fox family and learns about friendship. Blackouts and other mysteries at NAZKA Academy hint at an impending alien invasion. Mowgli's on a mission to prove he's a real howling, prowling wolf. But a jealous cub and his creature co-horts will stop at nothing to keep him out of the pack!  With help from Meme Oshino, the apparition specialist, Koyomi defeats the three powerful vampire hunters: Dramaturgy, Episode and Guillotinecutter. Koyomi takes back all the limbs of Kiss-shot Acerola-orion Heart-under-blade in order to become a human again. Asheville, NC Neverland, is in great danger! Captain Hook has hatched a twisted plan to capture Peter and his friends. In order to keep Neverland safe from Hook, the young heroes must fly head-on into adventure and protect their right to never grow up! In the future, an outbreak of canine flu leads the mayor of a Japanese city to banish all dogs to an island that's a garbage dump. The outcasts must soon embark on an epic journey when a 12-year-old boy arrives on the island to find his beloved pet. A Chinese monk's description of oasis cities during a 7th Century pilgrimage would prove invaluable to another explorer more than 1000 years later. Sir Aurel Stein found cities buried in sand and a 1000 year-old Buddhist library in near-perfect condition. A luxury condo manager leads a staff of workers to seek payback on the Wall Street swindler who defrauded them. With only days until the billionaire gets away with the perfect crime, the unlikely crew of amateur thieves enlists the help of petty crook Slide to steal the $20 million they're sure is hidden in the penthouse. Peter Rabbit's feud with Mr. McGregor escalates to greater heights than ever before as they rival for the affections of the warm-hearted animal lover who lives next door. The story follows a ten-year-old girl who teams up with animals from the Chinese Zodiac to search for a lost dragon and save the world from a treacherous conspiracy. This is the third time that Vik and his family have moved to a different city. Vik is a shy child who finds it hard to make new friends, and whenever he finally does start to open up to someone, his father's job inevitably causes the family to up sticks and relocate to a different part of the country, and Vik has to start all over again. Luckily for him, this time he soon meets Mai and Oto in the city park. Alex Linden is a psychiatrist living in Vienna who meets Milena Flaherty though a mutual friend. Though Alex is quite a bit older than Milena, he's attracted to her young, carefree spirit. Despite the fact that Milena is already married, their friendship quickly turns into a deeply passionate love affair that threatens to overtake them both. When Milena ends up in the hospital from an overdose, Alex is taken into custody by Inspector Netusil. A personal portrait of the housing project Grabo outside old hansa town Visby. We may encounter some residents that together give the otherwise drab suburb an almost magical shimmer where everything becomes a little larger than reality. A selfish self-centered widowed ruler, barely tolerated by his subjects and called appropriately enough, 'King Myself, First' asks his three daughters to name the measure of their love for him. When one of them says, "more than salt", he banishes her from the kingdom. Not understanding what she meant the King assumes love can only be measured by precious metals or one's own talent, the 'correct' answers from his other two daughters. The arrogance of the King leads him to gather all the salt in the kingdom and destroy it. Of course, this backfires as he slowly learns the universal value of the substance, and of course, the essence of his daughter's reply. With the help of the wise and magical old 'herb woman', the King also learns what it means to be a true and wise ruler.  Documentary on the groundbreaking animation films with which the Dutch animation pioneer Joop Geesink conquered the world. To amuse themselves during the winter school break, the kids in a small village decide to have a massive snowball fight. Luke and Sophie, both 11 years old, become the leaders of the opposing sides. Sophie and her cohort defend an elaborate snow fort against the assault of Luke's horde. Whichever side occupies the fort at the end of the winter break, wins. But what starts out as pure youthful fun and enthusiasm deteriorates into a more serious conflict.  Joy is restored when all the children decide to attack the fort rather than each other and happily destroy every last bit of the snow fort. Lowly theme park mechanic Sam dreams about his childhood sweetheart Sue. With the mistaken belief that only a bling ring can win the girl of his dreams, Sam plans the most perfect night to propose to his one true love. But when super villain Oscar shows up with his own evil ring that could destroy the city, Sam's plans are thrown into utter disarray. Mistaking each other's rings for their own, Sam teams up with his robot super heroes to track down his engagement ring and save the city... learning that it's not about the size of the bling, but the size of your heart. A story about an armored train number 56 and his actions during WWII. Oddsockeaters are small invisible creatures, responsible for socks that go missing when we only have one left from a pair. But unlike them, Seed's gang wants to have a pair. In the end, they began their fight between two sets of values. AMILA is a 9 year old girl who was born with health problems, and lately has dizziness and headache, so it has to go to the hospital. With his friends Fede and Mai, receives therapy sessions due to illness of the bones of glass. The days of hospitalization are long and annoying, but with the help of all the friends always becomes more pleasant and even fun. In this Super-8 stop-motion feature filmed by a teenager between 1987 and 1989, a young hero must go on an epic quest to rescue his master. When Hidimbak attacks manali Bheem has to stop that strong man The DigiDestined inaugurate their newest members, Meiko Mochizuki and Meicoomon, with a trip to a nearby hot spring. Meanwhile, Joe is becoming more distant, struggling to balance his duty as a DigiDestined and the competitive world of academics. As the damage caused by Alphamon is slowly repaired, another infected Digimon, Ogremon, suddenly appears, and although they only have good intentions, the decisions the DigiDestined make now will have unforeseen consequences. Dracula, Mavis, Johnny and the rest of the Drac Pack take a vacation on a luxury Monster Cruise Ship, where Dracula falls in love with the ship's captain, Ericka, who's secretly a descendant of Abraham Van Helsing, the notorious monster slayer. Jack London's classic adventure story about the friendship developed between a Yukon gold hunter and the mixed dog-wolf he rescues from the hands of a man who mistreats him. A story of one mother's love for her daughter. For high schooler Kei--and for at least forty-six others--immortality comes as the nastiest surprise ever.  Sadly for Kei, such a feat doesn't make him a superhero. In the eyes of both the general public and governments, he's a rare specimen who needs to be hunted down and handed over to scientists to be experimented on for life--a demi-human who must die a thousand deaths for the benefit of humanity. For high schooler Kei--and for at least forty-six others--immortality comes as the nastiest surprise ever.  Sadly for Kei, such a feat doesn't make him a superhero. In the eyes of both the general public and governments, he's a rare specimen who needs to be hunted down and handed over to scientists to be experimented on for life--a demi-human who must die a thousand deaths for the benefit of humanity. For high schooler Kei--and for at least forty-six others--immortality comes as the nastiest surprise ever.  Sadly for Kei, such a feat doesn't make him a superhero. In the eyes of both the general public and governments, he's a rare specimen who needs to be hunted down and handed over to scientists to be experimented on for life--a demi-human who must die a thousand deaths for the benefit of humanity.  The events focus around a crisis hotline business on one crazy night during the Christmas holidays. The Straw Hat Pirates are taking on Gild Tesoro, one of the richest men in the world. Chronicles of Humanity: Redemption In a world where people collect pocket-size monsters (Pokemon) to do battle, a boy comes across an intelligent monster who seeks to be a detective. Second movie sequel of Wake Up, Girls!, directly follows The Shadow of Youth. A girl with leukemia meets the strange angel that lives on her watch, so she asks him to stop the time. Leon, who has succeeded the name of Golden Knight "GARO," devotes himself to train a young Makai Knight for the next generation, together with Prince Alfonso of the Valiante Kingdom. Then, they receive an order to exterminate the most beautiful Horror in the world which resides in a neighboring country "Vazelia." At the same time, a young Makai Knight for the next generation is kidnapped by an unknown person. Leon desperately follows them, only to find that he is surrounded by his enemies at a dead end. Then, a Makai Knight Dario who was supposed to be missing for some time suddenly appears and rescues him. Under his guidance, Leon is led to the town where he meets up a totally unexpected person. One day before Waldemars big birthday party, the excitement rising in Mullewapp. Waldemar may withhold the chocolate-creamy strawberry pie that is to give it to celebrate, to eat up already, but then appeared unexpected walk on the quiet farm on barely. The rude boar bristle Horst and his gang have his eye on the birthday treats and take Mollywoop residents hogging. The three friends Waldemar, Franz von Hahn and Johnny Mauser guessed immediately: Here's wrong! But they are tricked by windy boar chief Horst and with a trick he sends them thereby unintentionally on a particularly adventurous bike tour. How can they now liberate their beloved home only by the invaders? After dealing with evildoer Shadow and restoring peace on earth, Max now has to deal some new adventures that find him between a mining company that wants to invade Atlantos and Kain, the ruthless general Secretariat of sharks. Lupin investigates the kidnapping of a former love in Italy, and is drawn into a game with an unknown enemy. Arisu War! takes place after the events of the movie, about Arisu transferring to Ooari High School. The lovably simple residents of peaceful Kikoriki Island are thrown kicking and screaming into big adventure, when their resident scientist invents an amazing device - a helmet called "the Improverizor," which takes personality traits from one person and swaps them with traits of someone else. But when spineless young Wally tries to use the untested device to cure his cowardice, he ends up even more spineless - by getting accidentally body-switched with a squirmy little caterpillar. Now he has even more to fear than he could have ever imagined, and so do his fellow villagers, as they're dragged into a madcap adventure packed with plane crashes, mistaken identities, erupting volcanoes and angry primitives on the warpath. Boy, do the Kikoriki Crew wish they could switch place now - with anyone. Elio Perlman is spending the summer with his family at their vacation home in Lombardy, Italy. When his father hires a handsome doctoral student, the curious 17-year-old finds himself developing a growing attraction to the young man. A woman, accidentally caught in a dark deal, turns the tables on her captors and transforms into a merciless warrior evolved beyond human logic. Zombillenium, the Halloween theme park, happens to be the one place on earth where real monsters can hide in plain sight. When Hector, a human, threatens to disclose the true identity of his employees, the Vampire Park Manager has no other choice but to hire him. To see his daughter, Hector must escape from his Zombies and Werewolves coworkers. The true story of the most decorated dog in American military history -- Sgt. Stubby -- and the enduring bonds he forged with his brothers-in-arms in the trenches of World War I.  Pat Pemberton (Hepburn) is a brilliant athlete, except when her domineering fiance is around. The ladies golf championship is in her reach until she gets flustered by his presence at the final holes. He wants them to get married and forget the whole thing, but she cannot give up on herself that easily. She enlists the help of Mike Conovan (Tracy), a slightly shady sports promoter. Together they face mobsters, a jealous boxer (Aldo Ray), and a growing mutual attraction. Shouya Ishida starts bullying the new girl in class, Shouko Nishimiya, because she is deaf. But as the teasing continues, the rest of the class starts to turn on Shouya for his lack of compassion. When they leave elementary school, Shouko and Shouya do not speak to each other again... until an older, wiser Shouya, tormented by his past behaviour, decides he must see Shouko once more. He wants to atone for his sins, but is it already too late...? A floating space without gravity where an infinite number of lights shine in different colors: The "Box of Wisdom." Inside of this box, there are multiple worlds, multiple timelines, and there used to be many different people. This is where Dual and Dorothy were fighting with enemies called "Viruses." Worlds infected by viruses must be erased. That is the duty, the job of these girls. However, one day, Dual and Dorothy feel the presence of a new Virus. Arriving at the scene, they see a girl being attacked by Viruses. After saving the girl, the duo wait for her to awaken so they can ask who she is, where she came from, and where she is going. Finally, when the girl opened her eyes, she gave her name, Rimo, and whispered only one sentence... "I must return to the flower patch..." Second movie of Aoki Hagane no Arpeggio: Ars Nova which will be an entirely brand-new work.  The group of privateers known as the Blue Steel continues their mission to deliver blueprints of the Vibration Warhead Torpedo--a weapon that may turn the tides of war in their favor--to the United States. However, a new threat arises from their enemy, the overwhelming Fleet of Fog in the form of "The Student Council.," Thisa group of warships composed of the remaining Mental Models--the ships' humanoid avatars--who have yet to face the unpredictable captain of the Blue Steel, Gunzou Chihaya.  As the Blue Steel gets closer to understanding the origins of the authority controlling the enemy, Iona's past starts to reveal why the war began and her reason for siding with humanity. The US President and the UK Prime Minister are planning on launching a war in the Middle East, but--behind the scenes--government officials and advisers are either promoting the war or are trying to prevent it. Margaret, who has certain mental disabilities, struggles when her husband, Jake, is diagnosed with schizophrenia and the authorities wish to take her children away from her. She has to prove in a court of law that she is capable of taking care of her family.  Dolores and Gunellen live together in a house with a small garden. They need each other to balance their lives. Gunellen's straightforwardness and curiosity makes Dolores let go a bit of her need for order, and Dolores' urge to "tell-all-about-how-every-thing-works" and follow routines helps Gunellen organizer her life. But one day, Gunellen says that she wants to see the world. Dolores does not want her to go! After his happy life spins out of control, a preacher from Texas changes his name, goes to Louisiana and starts preaching on the radio. In 1909, in an undemocratic Sweden, a bastard child is born and given the name of Hervor. Her mother is unmarried, due to which she is called a "whore' and is driven from her home. Hervor grows up at shelters and orphanages, unwanted, rejected by society. As an adult she spends her life struggling for social justice. In old age she tells us her story. Director Knutte Wester brings his grandmother's memories to life thought hand-painted animated images and has us witness someone being rejected in order to unite others. A story that all too often still repeating itself. A Greek History Professor &amp; his daughter travel to a Greek Island for one last chance to finish his thesis on ancient love spells before he loses his research grant. His daughter attempts to match her father with the local women without sucess until she meets a beautiful Mermaid with whose help the Professor might finally find true love for himself. Examining the collaboration of accomplished mathematicians and math educators with children and teachers in the Navajo educational system. In the year UC 0071, three years after escaping the Zabi faction on an Ocean Cargo ship, Artesia and Casval are living happily in Andalusia, Spain, Earth under the identities of Sayla Mass and Eduoard Mass, respectively; masquerading as the children of Don Teabolo Mass, a long time friend of their father Zeon Zum Deikun. This wonderful story happened in the age of valiant knights, beautiful princesses, and battling sorcerers. Ruslan, a wandering artist dreaming to become a knight, met beautiful Mila and fell in love with her; he didn't even suspect that she is the King's daughter. However, the lovers' happiness wasn't meant to last too long. Chernomor, the evil sorcerer, appeared in a magic vortex and stole Mila right before Ruslan's eyes to transform her power of love into his own magic power. Without further ado, Ruslan sets out on a chase after the stolen princess to overcome all obstacles and to prove that real love is stronger than magic. In the mythical Elven world of Altera, an epic battle unfolds between the beautiful Princess Liya and the Dark Elf Elena, who has gained possession of a jewel so powerful it allows its holder complete authority over all Alterans. Cenerentola struggles to escape the shadow and evil schemes of her stepmother and six stepsisters who all live aboard the Megaride, a ship stuck in the port of a decaying future Naples. Quebec, 1956. The impulsive and headstrong Nelly Maloye, a novice private eye, joins the methodical and pragmatic Simon Picard, a research scientist in a dubious quest to prove the existence of the elusive Yeti. The brave-hearted heroes come face-to-face with countless dangers during their trek through the heart of the Himalayas. After her son Kevin commits a horrific act, troubled mother Eva reflects on her complicated relationship with her disturbed son as he grew from a toddler into a teenager. Second Haikyuu!! recap movie. A boy's barmitzvah looks set to be a disaster when it coincides with the 1966 World Cup Final. The movie this time around is the first for Pretty Cure: Go! Go!! Gorgeous Triple Feature!!! It's a sparkling Happy Halloween party at the movie theater!! This fall, the highly popular TV series Go! Princess Pretty Cure (ABC, tv asahi affiliates) is coming to the big screen! It's a Halloween-themed super-gorgeous triple feature, with "A Precious Treasure of Pumpkin Land", "Lefy's Wonderful Night", and "Cure Flora and a Mysterious Mirror". "Strongly, kindly, and beautifully" Pretty Cures get a glamour power-up, including CG anime and the appearance of their mini-sized versions! The story is about Hanawa's home had six friends come from different countries, under the request of the students, these foreign friends admitted Chibi Maruko and other student's home. Andrea from Italy, who lived in Maruko's home. Although they get along with a variety of cultures and backgrounds, they gradually became friends. Maruko and Andrea have developed a romantic love story... The unit Over The Rainbow succeeds in its debut. Aiming to become like the boy band, more students enroll in Edel Rose. Hiro and the others begin practice for the Prism King Cup, an event that is held once every four years. However, a rival called "Schwarz Rose" appears... Who will become the Prism King, the one who can make girls' hearts throb the most!? The season turns to autumn. The fight of the protagonist and his group S.E.E.S. with the strange monsters called 'Shadows' is getting closer to the end. Makoto and his allies engage in life-or-death battles with Shadows in order to end the Dark Hour. Through the battles, some must face the deaths of friends and family, some must notice what precious things must be protected, and some must find meaning in the battles that have occurred.  In front of Makoto, the mysterious transfer student Ryouji Mochizuki appears. When the group greets a new morning, the gears of fate begin to turn. A fight revolving around each of the heroes' bonds begins... Mt. Akina's new downhill racing hero Fujiwara Takumi prepares for the final showdown against Red Sun's unbeaten leader and Akagi's fastest driver, Takahashi Ryosuke. This time around BoBoiBoy goes up against a powerful ancient being called Retak'ka, who is after BoBoiBoy's elemental powers. He and his friends will have to stop their mysterious new foe from carrying out his sinister plans. Meicoomon vanishes into the distorted abyss. Shaken, Taichi and the others search for answers about Meicoomon's infection. Koshiro seeks answers from Meiko but she's lost all emotion. Koshiro quarantines Agumon and the other Digimon in the office so that the infection can't spread any further, but Patamon starts to show signs of the illness. Agumon and the others use Hikari's voice to tell the team about an important secret concerning the Digital World. Following Meicoomon's rampage and the Reboot, Taichi and the others leave behind a distressed Meiko and head to the Digital World. But the partner Digimon that they've reunited with have lost their memories. While Sora normally thinks of others even before herself, she now has distrust in her heart. A tearful Meicoomon appears and disappears again. For some reason, she has retained past memories, and is searching for Meiko. Upon seeing Meicoomon, the kids resolve to journey through the Digital World to save her, but a man with the Dark Masters at his command stands in their way. Meanwhile, in the real world, Nishijima receives a notice that Himekawa has disappeared. When he investigates, he learns that she has had a hidden goal behind all her actions thus far. The countdown begins to the destruction of the real world at the hands of the out-of-control Meicoomon. The world has begun to collapse. The rampaging Meicoomon absorbs Tailmon, who underwent a dark evolution, and changes form into the immensely powerful Ordinemon. In accordance with Yggdrasil's expectation, the real world is about to be engulfed by the Digital World. Meanwhile, Homeostasis considers Ordinemon to be out of control and  puts into motion its final plan that will entangle the real world. Then the time comes for the DigiDestined to arrive at a final decision. What future do they choose for themselves? Frustrated with his pals, Briar joins a traveling circus, where new friends and fame keep the homesickness away... for a while. When Canterlot Highschool goes on a trip to Camp Everfree, they're surprised to find a magical force is causing strange things to happen around camp. With the help of the Mane 6 and especially Sunset Shimmer, Twilight Sparkle must confront the dark "Midnight Sparkle" within herself  and embrace her newfound magical abilities to save the camp. Ciel learns of a "Aurora Society", that is rumored to be researching how to bring the dead back to life. Their next meeting is scheduled to be conducted on the ship Campania, voyaging across the Atlantic Ocean. Much to Ciel's dismay, Elizabeth "Lizzy" Midford, is taking the same ship, thus leaving him with no choice but to get aboard as well. A giant whale appears and flies above Sakura New Town. With the whale's sound of crying, some changes occur to Kenta Amano and Yokai.  Barbie is a cosmic princess who flies high on her hoverboard through a far-off universe with her adorable and devoted pet sidekick, Pupcorn. One day, everything changes when the twinkling stars start to dim and slow their dance in the sky. Barbie travels to a beautiful new planet to join a special rescue team on a mission to save the stars. Once there, she teams up with a group of talented new friends who work together to save the galaxy through exciting hoverboarding adventures. Barbie soon discovers that if she listens to her heart, and with the help of her friends, she might be the leader the whole universe has been waiting for! An important human story told from the perspective of mixed race blood cancer patients who are forced to reflect on their multiracial identities and complex genetics as they struggle with a seemingly impossible search to find bone marrow donors, all while exploring what role race plays in medicine. Rihito Sajo, an honor student with a perfect score on the entrance exam and Hikaru Kusakabe, in a band and popular among girls, would have never crossed paths. Until one day they started talking at the practice for their school's upcoming chorus festival. After school, the two meet regularly, as Hikaru helps Rihito to improve his singing skills. While they listen to each other's voice and harmonize, their hearts start to beat together. Desert Sky Air Force Base is instructed to carry out an urgent mission. Petey, a new fighter plane, arrives by forced landing. Petey is determined to carry out the most important task by himself and rescue his best friend. From acclaimed graphic novelist Dash Shaw (New School) comes an audacious debut that is equal parts disaster cinema, high school comedy and blockbuster satire, told through a dream-like mixed media animation style that incorporates drawings, paintings and collage. Dash (Jason Schwartzman) and his best friend Assaf (Reggie Watts) are preparing for another year at Tides High School muckraking on behalf of their widely-distributed but little-read school newspaper, edited by their friend Verti (Maya Rudolph). But just when a blossoming relationship between Assaf and Verti threatens to destroy the boys' friendship, Dash learns of the administration's cover-up that puts all the students in danger. Hailed as "the most original animated film of the year" and "John Hughes for the Adult Swim generation", the film's everyday concerns of friendships, cliques and young love remind us how the high school experience continues to shape who we become, even in the most unusual of circumstances. 3 children now have a task of defeating babe balm who is rising again. A young boy living in a remote village in the Andes Mountains dreams of becoming shaman. People everywhere were enjoying a new game called Ordinal Scale, an ARMMORPG developed exclusively for the Augma, a new wearable console designed for AR (augmented reality) gaming. But, the players had no idea that a nightmare from the virtual world was starting to spread into reality! As his fellow players find themselves in danger, the hero is called upon once again. This film is a remake of the 1989 Doraemon Movie 10: Nobita no Nippon Tanjou. Nobita and the gang run away from home, traveling back in time to 70,000 years ago before Japan was even born. After a while, they return to the present. However, when they bump into a young caveman, Kukuru, who they have accidentally transported forward to their current era, they realize they must take him back to the primitive age. On top of that, they will have to save Kukuru's tribe, called the Hikari tribe, which was attacked and abducted by the Giganzonbie and Kurayami tribe. The animated conclusion to the live action Todd and The Book Of Pure Evil Show. Todd tries to mend his friendship with Curtis after killing his girlfriend. The book has returned along with Hannah and there is talk of a new Pure Evil one. And it was glorious Vityaz Borispol prediction that he would have a son who will be a great warrior and save Russia from the great affliction. But, as always, everything turned out the opposite: the hero was born ... my daughter. And salvation of Russia has not been canceled. How to fight the enemy, when he had three heads, each with its flourishes? In a California desert town, a short-order cook with clairvoyant abilities encounters a mysterious man with a link to dark, threatening forces. Marty is an aspiring comic-book artist who is secretly in love with his best friend, Sally, the gadget inventor. Like every love story, there are complications: Sally has monsters for parents and a literal dick for a boyfriend, while Marty has the innate ability to do nothing about everything despite his vivid fantasies of defending the love of his life from the big bad world. Beneath the decay of a dying world lives the Mad Doctor Mindskull. Using the planet's power of creation he has created the ultimate Weapon. Can mankind find a way to stop this Evil before time runs out? The only answer lies within the Nova Seed. Samuel Goldwyn Films, Titmouse, and Fathom Events are excited to bring the theatrical premiere of the animated film Nerdland, to cinemas nationwide for a special one night event! Aspiring actor John (Paul Rudd) and wannabe screenwriter Elliot (Patton Oswalt) are slacker best friends who have seen their dreams of stardom fizzle. With their 30th birthdays looming, they set out on a mission to become famous in the 24/7, celebrity-obsessed world. Through it all, our disheartened duo inadvertently become key witnesses in a high profile crime that sets the news cycle on fire, making them household names... but only if they can survive the infamy and worldwide shame. It's the last day of school and 14 year-old Grace (aka "Twinkle Toes") has been dreaming of the ultimate summer vacation with her best friends, Sporty Shorty and Jordan. But when Twinkle Toes' Dad gets a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to direct a Broadway musical, Twinkle Toes is swept from her small-pond suburban life and thrown in the hustle and bustle of New York City for the summer. As Twinkle Toes learns the ins-and-outs of the Big Apple and Broadway, she impresses the show's choreographer and is invited to be a part of the show's cast alongside the teenage starlet, Olivia Conners. But when Twinkle Toes gets a taste of the Broadway limelight, the chance for stardom overwhelms Twinkle Toes and the show is ruined! To make things right, Twinkle Toes must use all her creativity, smarts, and dancing skills to help her new friends and save the show! The lives of three strong-willed women and a young musician cross paths in Tehran's schizophrenic society where sex, adultery, corruption, prostitution and drugs coexist with strict religious law. In this bustling modern metropolis, avoiding prohibition has become an everyday sport and breaking taboos can be a means of personal emancipation. After he did some jobs for CIA, ex-marine John Shale is visiting his high school love Jane. She's now a teacher in Columbus High School in Miami. Soon after his arriving Jane has her knee cap broken while jogging. After that, John decides to go undercover as her substitute in high school. Very soon he finds out that gang named Kings of Destruction are terrorizing the school. The story begins the day before the graduation ceremony. Five middle school girls each are preoccupied with their real everyday lives. These girls meet each other in a fantasy world after being sent there through a sudden occurrence. There, they learn about the impending crisis that this world is facing. The way to avert this crisis is for the five to collaborate and bring their five hearts together as one through dance.  However, the five cannot come to love the world, and cannot tell their true feelings to one another, so their hearts are unable to unite. The time limit is fast approaching. Can the dance of the five girls save the world? And will they be able to graduate? Leo San Juan and his team of "ghostbusters" continue with their adventures, this time fighting against the mexican monster himself: "El Chupacabras". The magical kingdom of Lucis is home to the world's last remaining Crystal, and the menacing empire of Niflheim is determined to steal it. King Regis of Lucis commands an elite force of soldiers called the Kingsglaive. Wielding their king's magic, they fight to protect Lucis. As the overwhelming military might of the empire bears down, King Regis is faced with an impossible ultimatum - to marry his son, Prince Noctis to Princess Lunafreya of Tenebrae, captive of Niflheim, and surrender his lands to Niflheim rule.  Although the king concedes, it becomes clear that the empire will stop at nothing to achieve their devious goals, with only the Kingsglaive standing between them and world domination. Estranged twin brothers - one a con man, the other an Episcopal deacon - accidentally switch places... and find God in the process. This documentary takes a bold, unflinching look at the nature and consequences of U.S. foreign policy in Latin America. A teenage boy plays truant from school, and spends the day riding around the town and the deserted beach on his bicycle, letting his mind wander as he imagines he is the only person in the world... A journey into the heart of Bangland, a city in a dystopian America now under the presidency of Steven Spielberg, who has declared war on the African nation Mahaba, thereby launching his own war on terror, the gist being that anyone who isn't white is a potential terrorist. On the eve of the presidential elections that could spell the end of the Spielberg administration, the gates of a number of Bangland residents become entangled: Charlie Tucano and Tony Beretta, modern-day inquisitors working for the influential television evangelist, Gold; Loogie Boogie, an Irish loan shark with a dysfunctional family; and Dante Black, a screenwriter for TV who's wound up on the evangelist's bad side. Three fairy tale princesses find themselves engaged to the same guy, Prince Charming. A constantly picked-on aquarium fish escapes her yacht home, unaware of the dangers that await her in the open ocean. With the help of other misfit sea creatures, she learns not only how to brave the perils of the deep, but how to be true to herself. In a war torn country, a female teacher and comic writer lives with her students in a boarding school. To calm horrified children who have no hope in our terrifying world, she keeps telling them a story every night. Stories about her childhood imaginary hero who has become a part of her life. But one night the school is attacked and destroyed so she has to accompany two of her students to find their parents. They start a journey during which she finds some signs of her imaginary hero in real world. Up until that time she thought that man who had become her hero was just a part of her stories but now with these signs, she knows that he's real. She is determined to find him but she has big problem, she knows nothing about him. After swearing off music due to an incident at the middle school regional brass band competition, euphonist Kumiko Oumae enters high school hoping for a fresh start. As fate would have it, she ends up being surrounded by people with an interest in the high school brass band. Kumiko finds the motivation she needs to make music once more with the help of her bandmates, some of whom are new like novice tubist Hazuki Katou; veteran contrabassist Sapphire Kawashima; and band vice president and fellow euphonist Asuka Tanaka. Others are old friends, like Kumiko's childhood friend and hornist-turned-trombonist Shuuichi Tsukamoto, and trumpeter and bandmate from middle school, Reina Kousaka.  However, in the band itself, chaos reigns supreme. Despite their intention to qualify for the national band competition, as they currently are, just competing in the local festival will be a challenge--unless the new band advisor Noboru Taki does something about it. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Bombing case at Nichiuri TV in autumn. The Satsuki Cup, which crowns the winner of Japan's Hyakunin Isshu, is currently being filmed inside the facility. The incident results in a big commotion and, while the building is burning to ashes, the only people left inside are Hattori and Toyama Kazuha. They get rescued just in time by Conan , who rushes to the scene. Both the identity and purposes of the bomber are unknown.  A poor miller gets tricked by the Devil and accidentally sells his daughter for a bit of gold. But Satan can't take her because she's too pure and has wept on her hands. So Satan orders the miller to cut her hands off. It's the beginning of the young girl's journey towards freedom. Kate and Humphrey take their pups to Alfred Creek Falls for a vacation, where they find themselves embroiled in a cross-country chase after mad wolf trappers spot them. At the Queen's request, Ciel and the demon butler Sebastian host an extravagant dinner party for the who's who of the London underground. But an evening that begins with the promise of unmatched elegance quickly spirals into mayhem when their most distinguished guest is found murdered in his room. Now, trapped in the Phantomhive Manor by a dark and stormy night, Ciel and Sebastian must work together with their high-class guests, including the legendary author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, to find the murderer in their midst before the blame falls on the host and his somewhat suspicious staff. Teenage outsider Adam sets out on an epic and daring quest to uncover the mystery behind his long-lost dad, only to find out that he is none other than the legendary Bigfoot! He has been hiding deep in the forest for years to protect himself and his family from HairCo., a giant corporation eager to run scientific experiments with his special DNA. As father and son start making up for lost time after the boy's initial disbelief, Adam soon discovers that he too is gifted with superpowers beyond his imagination. But little do they know, HairCo. is on their tail as Adam's traces have led them to Bigfoot!  Four crazy antiheroes on the run. Their leader is the unworldly innocent, naive Marnie, a house cat who is not allowed to leave the house and only knows about real life from television Cast :Deng Xiaoting, Zhao Ben, Bai Wenxian, Sun Yajun  Comedy / Animation Ozzy, a friendly, peaceful beagle has his idyllic life turned upside down when the Martins leave on a long and distant trip. There's only one problem: no dogs allowed! Unable to bring their beloved Ozzy along for the ride, they settle on the next best thing, a top-of-the-line canine spa called Blue Creek. BSAA Chris Redfield enlists the help of government agent Leon S. Kennedy and Professor Rebecca Chambers from Alexander Institute of Biotechnology to stop a death merchant with a vengeance from spreading a deadly virus in New York. The adorable, yet mischievous animals of Liberty Farm are at it again, and they can't seem to keep themselves out of trouble. A peace-loving soldier from Ancient China is magically transported into a world ruled by an evil nine-headed snake. Transformed into a panda, he joins forces with a flying pig to free the once-peaceful Merryland from tyranny. But first he must train to be the kingdom's most courageous panda warrior.  A fictional adaptation of the history of the movement, which began in Ukraine and has spread around the world. Chieri is a sixth grade girl whose only friend is a stuffed toy named Cherry, which she found while hiding in the cellar during her father's funeral. Chieri and Cherry undertake a journey on the border between fantasy and reality. In this magical, enchanting fairy tale we follow a young girl who, in search of her long-lost father, discovers a charming hidden cottage inhabited by the beautiful Snow White and the seven dwarves. With her newfound friends by her side, they embark on a spell-binding adventure to find her missing father and discover whether 'happily ever after' really does exist. Anpanman and the mermaid princess. Princess Sunny accidentally awakes the stone monster Gorongora. Can Anpanman save her underwater world? When a spaceship crashes to Earth and reveals a group of quirky little space aliens on the run for their lives, the "GadgetGang" kids-Gus, Phoebe, Francesco, Mitsue, Mary Ann, Banana and Tank-soon discover this won't be the boring weekend they had expected. They soon learn that in a point far from the galaxy, an evil warlord named Gana Golber has seized control of the Confederation of Planets and now all of the planets are in danger-including Earth! A young dragon looking for his own fire must fight against an evil wizard with help of the beautiful ice princess, Lilli. 1961. Father and daughter, separated during World War II, are trying to meet in Berlin. He comes to Berlin from Soviet Lithuania, she comes from the USA.  Even if the Berlin Wall has not been built yet, the Cold War is coming close to its apogee. Political and geographical situation, that seemed to be favorable in the beginning, turns out to be deceptive.  After his arrival, the father is looked after by KGB intelligence agents. They, using him as bait, are trying to lure the daughter to the east side. Affected by the citie's atmospehere that's pervated with distrust, she is afraid to cross the West Berlin boundary.  Trying to save each other from the possible trap, father and daughter are ready to give up the idea of the so much desired meeting... Christmas is a busy, busy time for the residents of Green River, particularly for Grace Long, the third generation of her family to steward the New England town's signature Christmas Eve parade. This year's audience for the parade promises to be in the millions, thanks to a national morning show that has chosen Green River as the site of its Christmas Eve day program. People speak in conversations and banal situations, a loose, uncompromising, though sometimes tense and timid speech. It is these voices that tell minimal stories that the image unmasks, multiplies or breathes: universes that are people-house (or house-people) are anchored in boxes, bodies, secrets, desires, looks or in the ephemerality of the stories. In this flow, we access unstable territories, places of being in permanent construction - the inner house of each one. Ted Ryker is the top salesman in the New York office of a business machine company; the corporate stock lives by quarterly sales numbers, the competition is keen, and the economy may be in a downturn. Ted's company is marking time until a new product is ready - probably in a few months. Into the mix comes a new hire, a callow Midwesterner named Jamie, who's come East with his fiancee Belisa. A mix-up with a security card causes a malevolent building to try and kill an employee on his first day at work. Video game bad guy Ralph and fellow misfit Vanellope von Schweetz must risk it all by traveling to the World Wide Web in search of a replacement part to save Vanellope's video game, "Sugar Rush." In way over their heads, Ralph and Vanellope rely on the citizens of the internet -- the netizens -- to help navigate their way, including an entrepreneur named Yesss, who is the head algorithm and the heart and soul of trend-making site BuzzzTube. A boy is the only family member without superpowers in this Disney Film. The world depends on him saving his family from computerized brainwashers. Will he realize that it doesn't take superpowers to be a hero in time to help them defeat the villains? When Chloe discovers that her new home's garden gnomes are not what they seem, she must decide between the pursuit of a desired high school life and taking up the fight against the Troggs. The Big Bad Fox recounts the misadventures of a young clumsy Fox and a feisty little red Hen.  The Fox, both a little stupid and naive, tries daily to devour the little Hen, without success. Tired of the repeated humiliation, the Fox is persuaded to steal the Hen's eggs to raise and then eat. This plan seems perfect, until the moment the chicks hatch... An exiled space detective returns to help an old flame but finds himself tangled in a web of interstellar intrigue, galactic gangsters, and a sinister scheme that threatens the very fate of the entire galaxy! Universal Century 0074. Since leaving Texas Colony, Edouard Mass has camouflaged his identity and enrolled in the Autonomous Republic of Zeon's Space Defense Military Academy under the name of Char Aznable. He develops a friendship with his classmate Garma, a scion of the Zabi family. Gradually the two become admired by the other students.  Then, in Universal Century 0077, the young at last rise up in arms and begin the fight for independence against the Earth Federation's security forces. This rebellion, however, also marks the beginning of Char's spectacular scenario of revenge...  Now, the gears of history are turning! Movie of gdgd Fairies. In this Pokemon adventure, a mysterious force binds Ash to the Mythical Pokemon Volcanion when it falls from the sky. Volcanion can't get away, and Ash is dragged along as it continues on its mission. They arrive in a city of cogs and gears, where a corrupt minister has stolen the ultimate invention: the Artificial Pokemon Magearna, created 500 years ago. The minister plans to use Magearna's mysterious power to take control of the mechanical kingdom. Can Ash and Volcanion work together to rescue Magearna? One of the greatest battles in Pokemon history is about to unfold! Love is blooming at Sakuragaoka High School. Natsuki Enomoto has finally mustered the courage to confess to her childhood friend, Yuu Setoguchi. However, in the final moments of her confession, an embarrassed Natsuki passes it off as a "practice confession." Oblivious to her true feelings and struggling with his own, Yuu promises to support Natsuki in her quest for love. While Natsuki deals with her failed confession, fellow classmate Koyuki Ayase struggles with his own feelings for Natsuki. Despite his timidness, he is determined to win over her heart. When brave elephant Rock (Cary Elwes) sees his wife, Melody (Alexa PenaVega), kidnapped by the powerful human king (Patrick Warburton), the mighty warrior will need some jumbo-sized help from his friends in order to rescue her. Coming to his aid is a quirky, courageous troop of young elephants, including Rally (Carlos PenaVega), and Pugsley (Mikey Bolts), plus the ever-trusty and wacky Wingman (Garrett Clayton) and the kindhearted human queen (Ambyr Childers); this elephant tale filled with dazzling action sequence is one that you'll never forget! It is the year 2546. Corporations rule the world, and an agent is on a secret mission to explore the untold stories of the past. His journey leads him into a secret virtual reality where one corporation has recreated the 1980s, an era that witnessed the birth of video game development, an event in which a politically and economically restricted small European country, Hungary, had a significant role. He discovers a strange but exciting world, where computers were smuggled through the Iron Curtain and serious engineers started developing games. This small country was still under Soviet pressure when a group of people managed to set up one of the first game development studios in the world, and western computer stores started clearing room on their shelves for Hungarian products. The story will depict Joe Shimamura and the other cyborgs' struggle with the Bresudo, a group of people who possess superhuman powers and intellect, and have manipulated human history since ancient times. Their goals are unknown, and they cast a dark shadow over the world. Though few people believe in the Bresdo's existence, one American journalist named Lucie Davenport heads to Texas to contact a certain family, and she meets the cyborgs. The cyborgs themselves have been freed from their duty of protecting humanity ever since the establishment of the UN Guardian troops, and they now live quiet lives of peace. On the last day of summer, Louise, an old woman realizes that the last train has departed without her. She finds herself alone in a small seaside resort town, abandoned by everyone. The weather quickly turns for the worse followed by the seasonal tides. Fragile and coquettish, not nearly as well-prepared as a would-be Robinson Crusoe, Louise isn't likely to make it through the winter. Yet, Louise takes her abandonment as a challenge. She's going to survive, confronting the elements as well as her memories, which have found the perfect occasion to join in the adventure... Monsters once lived in hiding--even from each other--because they were afraid they would be in danger if humans knew they existed. But Draculaura, the daughter of Dracula, along with her best ghoulfriends, dreamt of a school where everyone was welcome and accepted for who they are. Determined to make their dream come true, the ghouls travel the world on an epic adventure to recruit new students. But even in this amazing place, there's drama: a villainess zombie is spreading trouble rather than friendship, and every student must live with the fear that their secret will be revealed. Now the ghouls must save their school so that every monster has a place where they belong and their uniqueness is celebrated! For one month every year, five highly competitive friends hit the ground running in a no-holds-barred game of tag they've been playing since the first grade. This year, the game coincides with the wedding of their only undefeated player, which should finally make him an easy target. But he knows they're coming...and he's ready. Rudolf, a black stray cat, is suddenly separated from his beloved master. He unexpectedly wakes up in a long-distance truck that takes him to metropolis Tokyo. There, he meets Ippai-attena, a big boss cat feared by everyone in town. Unable to return home, Rudolf starts a life as a stray with Ippai-attena, but Ippai-attena isn't all that he seems to be. Six thousand years before Sora and Shiro were even a blink in the history of Disboard, war consumed the land, tearing apart the heavens, destroying stars, and even threatening to wipe out the human race. Amid the chaos and destruction, a young man named Riku leads humanity toward the tomorrow his heart believed in. One day, in the ruins of an Elf city, he meets Shuvi, a female exiled "Ex-machina" android who asks him to teach her what it means to have a human heart. In 2046, many aspects of life are carried out on a virtual network. No matter how advanced the time becomes, however, bullying never disappears. Haruyuki is one of the bullied students. However, one day he is contacted by Kuroyukihime, the most famous person in the school. "Wouldn't you like to 'accelerate' and go further ahead, boy?" Haruyuki is introduced to the "Accel World" and decides to fight as Kuroyukihime's knight. Somewhere in Tokyo, there is a room. In that room is a black sphere. Periodically, people who should otherwise have died are transferred to the room. There, the sphere gives them special suits and weapons, and sends them out on a mission to kill aliens here on Earth. While these missions take place, the rest of the world is largely oblivious to them. These missions are lethal - few participants survive them. The sphere calls the shots, and it's not the slightest bit nice. Its name... Gantz.  Torrey Pines is a stop-motion animated feature film by director Clyde Petersen. Based on a true story, the film is a queer punk coming-of-age tale, taking place in Southern California in the early 1990's.  Raised by a schizophrenic single mother, Petersen's life story unfolds in a series of baffling and hallucinated events. With a mother fueled by hallucinations of political conspiracy and family dysfunction, twelve-year-old Petersen is taken on a cross-country adventure that will forever alter the family as they know it. Why do things fall to the ground without magic? The young magician's apprentice Limbradur is far more interested in the universe and its secrets than boring magic spells. He is fascinated by the stars, the universe and the laws of nature. So, one night he sneaks into the Albert Einstein Museum, where he meets AlbyX3, a small, clever but rather quirky robot who knows all about Albert Einstein and his theories. Alby takes Limbradur on a magical journey of discovery through time and space, during which they not only uncover the secrets of gravity but also learn much about friendship and imagination. For Limbradur and Alby both have secrets of their own. Little Nicky, the son of the Tanner, a famous strongman, has made up his mind, that he can conquer the dragon as his father did long ago. Against prohibition of his father, Nicky has managed to get into trouble and now it depends only on his courage, whether he defeats the resurgent dragon and returns home from the magic world. With the intention of appearing in an event on a southern island, the students of Four Star Academy are taking off! There, rumors about a pair of legendary dresses sleeping within the island...  A story about Yume and Laura's friendship, with S4 taking the stage together for the first time. Furthermore, putting the legendary dresses into a Dress Make... A thrilling and exciting Aikatsu! story is coming to theaters this summer! Join Rainie on summer vacation and find a sugar rush adventure, when her mom is accidentally turned into a living candy. Now, Rainie &amp; her pals must soar to the sweetest destination in the galaxy, Candy Planet, in hopes of turning her mom back. There they meet Gordon, a master of confections living in a cotton candy wonderland. He explains that everyone must pass the tartest of tests before they can reach the top level and free her mom. But when all of Rainie's friends are turned into candies, they face the sourest of circumstances, and must uncover an incredible secret along with the true meaning of friendship; before they can save themselves and the sweet inhabitants of... CANDY PLANET! Ten-year old Agathe-Christine, or simply AC, prefers to be on her own. AC fancy mysteries, and from the basement in the building, where she has just moved in, she has established a small detective bureau. AC's first mystery appears to be simple to solve, but before long AC finds herself involved in a much more complicated affair, than she could have ever foreseen. Adam West and Burt Ward returns to their iconic roles of Batman and Robin. Featuring the voices of Adam West, Burt Ward, and Julie Newmar, the film sees the superheroes going up against classic villains like The Joker, The Riddler, The Penguin and Catwoman, both in Gotham City... and in space. The true story of Chong Kim--abducted into the sex trade as a young teen--and the complicated moral choices she had to make in order to survive as her situation grew more desperate. In the year 2048, the human race is forced to leave Earth after decades of losing against Godzilla and other giant monsters. They take a twenty-year journey to another planet called Tau Ceti-e, but upon arrival, they discover that the planet has become uninhabitable. As living conditions on their ship deteriorate, a young man named Haruo spearheads a movement to return to Earth and take it back from the monsters. The ship successfully makes the return voyage, but the crew realizes that twenty thousand years have passed, with Earth's ecosystem having evolved to become centered around Godzilla. The most beautiful paintings are those which you dream about when you lie in bed smoking a pipe, but which you never paint. Red Sonja, the She-Devil with a Sword, intends to pay back a blood debt owed to the one man who has gained her respect, even if it means leading a doomed army to their certain deaths! Who is Dark Annisia, and how has this fearsome warrior accomplished what neither god nor demon has been able to do: force Sonja to her knees in surrender? An epic tale of blood, lust, and vengeance, "Queen of Plagues" takes Red Sonja from the depths of her own grave to the heights of battlefield glory.  From Gail Simone ("Batgirl", "Birds of Prey") and Walter Geovani ("Vampirella", "Witchblade"), "Red Sonja: Queen of Plagues" gives the iconic fantasy heroine a fresh new attitude! And now, you can see it all brought to life in this animated comic, starring Misty Lee ("Ultimate Spider-Man")! "The Sky Princess" is a CG-animated feature film about an ordinary girl who becomes an African princess with the help of a magical bird. But when the thrill of palace life fades, the same magic that transformed her into royalty prevents her from returning home. The film contains three Jan Werich's fairy tales, each directed by one artist. The first story sets out to the Sumava mountains in Southern Bohemia to find out whether Ogres ever lived there. The middle tale The Hat and the Little Jay Feather concerns a king who sends his three sons to bring back a hat he left at a tavern when he was young. The third and longest fairy tale Reason and Luck is about the two virtues of the title try to prove their importance by changing the life of a pig herder named Louis. Written by During the One Year War of U.C. 0079, the Earth Federation and Principality of Zeon engage in a fierce battle at the "Thunderbolt Sector", a shoal zone in the former Colony Side 4 "Moore". After successfully infiltrating Zeon's sniper field, ace Federation pilot and jazz enthusiast Io Fleming is given control of the latest Gundam prototype. MURDEROUS TALES is a special effect animated feature film combining live actors with 3D/2D animation, puppets and back projection. It contains three stories: Antonio Cacto, Lighthouse and The Big Man, plus three ultra-short films called Charge the Dragon.  Each episode uses different production technology and is in a different genre, but both their form and their content are related. All the episodes are about double standards and the topics of heroism and death. Something very small meets something very big (a tiny knight meets a huge dragon, an old Mexican goblin meets a man, a tiny Professor meets real-life cows, two mobsters meet the Big Man). All these meetings result in the heroic death of the small principal characters. Each script sees heroism and death differently. A film by Fern Silva  Centered on the character of Goemon, this film is a sequel to the spin-off TV series, "The Woman Called Fujiko Mine" and its sequel film, "Daisuke Jigen's Gravestone." With disarming wit and hilarious visuals, A Town Called Panic: Double Fun revels in the simple setup of three plasticine toys sent on increasingly surreal and freewheeling adventures. Cowboy and Indian are always up to some harebrained scheme, with Horse left to clean up the mess. In Christmas Panic, their out-of-control antics lead Horse to call Santa and cancel the presents. But the boys figure they can still save Christmas... if they break into their neighbor's house to steal his yule log! In Back to School Panic, a class assignment yields a special prize, but only Pig knows the answer. Cowboy and Indian use a special shrinking potion to sneak into Pig's brain, where they discover a sodium-packed world of pig cops riding in bacon cars and sausage cycles. Driven by tragedy, billionaire Bruce Wayne dedicates his life to uncovering and defeating the corruption that plagues his home, Gotham City.  Unable to work within the system, he instead creates a new identity, a symbol of fear for the criminal underworld - The Batman. Little Fiel is a short documentary with stop motion animation about unending civil war. It is based on childhood memories of a renowned Mozambican artist Fiel dos Santos who grew up during the 16-year civil war - another proxy war sustained by conflicting foreign powers. Fiel created eight figures representing his father, mother, five brothers and sister from decommissioned AK-47s. Three New York artists turned them into puppets and animated. Little Fiel tells a universal story of peaceful people who have been coerced, conscripted and enticed into killing each other. It is our desperate act of hope. Seer 2 is a Chinese animated fantasy adventure film based on the online game of the same name. Twenty-six-year-old Hiroto Suwa; his wife, Naho; and their old high school classmates--Takako Chino, Azusa Murasaka, and Saku Hagita--visit Mt. Koubou to view the cherry blossoms together. While watching the setting sun, they reminisce about Kakeru Naruse, their friend who died 10 years ago. Mourning for him, they decide to visit Kakeru's old home, where they learn the secret of his death from his grandmother.   The Fixies are little creatures that, unseen by humans, help them maintain their appliances - and generally make sure things don't fall apart... Until an unexpected occurrence of gargantuan proportions threatens to reveal the Fixies' existence! Underwater Flights is comprised of ten film short stories that depict events occurring between 1820 and 1940. This was a time when clever men invented flying machines, submarines started traveling underwater, warships were built in Tallinn, bombs were thrown from zeppelins and planes started to fly across oceans. These stories about wild times and creative people are told by film newsreels, private letters, intelligence reports and bedtime stories... A woman with two children believes she has three and her husband and oldest daughter play along with her to keep her balanced (or as close to balanced that a woman with an invisible child can be). However, when the family hires a new nanny, it is all just too much for her and she starts to blab. Written by John Sacksteder Broadcasting through a makeshift network of discarded televisions, this story is tangled up in the aftermath of Los Angeles's worst earthquake nightmare. Travel between screens and aftershocks into the twisted lives of the survived.  In a California desert town, a short-order cook with clairvoyant abilities encounters a mysterious man with a link to dark, threatening forces. In an imaginary world where vehicles are the citizens, one underdog cabbie attempts to become king of the road in his hometown, Gasket City. He soon discovers that staying true to oneself is a greater pursuit than personal glory. When threatened by elitist attitudes and mobster trucks, can one unglamorous black and yellow 'local zero' rise to the challenge and become a 'global hero'? McDull has no black mask or red underwear, and certainly not supernatural powers. One day, an outerspace monster invades the Earth and makes mincemeat of the superhero sent to meet him. Now the responsibility of saving the Earth falls squarely on the shoulders of Mcdull and Risopot. Can they really save our planet? And the outerspace monster, why does he time and again invade the Earth? A bright young yeti finds something he thought didn't exist--a human. News of this "smallfoot" throws the simple yeti community into an uproar over what else might be out there in the big world beyond their snowy village. In the rapidly economically developing South Korea of 1983, a young teenage boy named Jaeyoung, who is struggling with a strained relationship with his rather remote father, has two dogs named Jinjin and Akida. It soon becomes obvious that Jaeyoung's father cares more for the two dogs than he does for his son. In an attempt to gain his father's attention, Jaeyoung releases one of the dogs into the wild, and this changes everything.  When Chuck and Woodsly are accidentally entered in the FUR BALL RUN, they have to figure out how to put their paws on the pedal to compete against a pack of seasoned drivers from across the animal kingdom. Monster Strike: The Movie serves as a prequel to the net anime series based on the game of the same name. The anime tells the story of Ren, who returns to his hometown with no memories of having lived there. When a a cell phone repairman installs the Monster Strike app on his phone, Ren finds himself pulled into a real-world version of the game and begins piecing his memories together again.  A young woman who grew up in a conservative Muslim neighborhood in the Middle East founds a summer camp in California where girls are given three weeks to make their own video game demo. During the Royal Ball, Cinderella and her mice fellows discover a secret that could shake their world: the real prince has turned into a mouse by the evil witch, and the "Prince" from the Royal Ball is in fact a fraud. Now, Cinderella and her friends are going to begin a whole new adventure to save the real Prince, and help him defeat the evil force. The continuing adventures of Henry, Jessie, Violet, and Benny as they spend the summer on their grandfather's private island. Psychotherapist Ruben Brandt becomes the most wanted criminal in the world when he and four of his patients steal paintings from the world's most renowned museums and art collections. Aspiring cartoonist and middle-aged gumbuster Cliff Morelli (Jeremy Koerner, Black Cat Whiskey, New York Lately) spends his days at the Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk performing minimum wage janitorial duties. When he is put on suspension after harassing a teenager and his parents threaten to throw him out of the house, Cliff decides to actively pursue his lifelong animation dreams by reconnecting with his rich brother Jack. After a failed attempt and a string of bad luck, Cliff finds himself at the mercy of the animated characters he has created, and together, they form a devilish plan to exact revenge on all those that have wronged him. Young Lucas finds out he's not really a human after he surprisingly transforms into a monster in front of the most popular kids at school. His search for Monster Island and his real roots takes him on a fabulously scary journey that puts him face to face with more tentacles, fangs and far-out situations than he can shake one of his new wings at.  Following the success of the Dawn Rebellion, Degwin negotiates with Vice Admiral Revil to surrender all Federation assets and the complete withdrawal of Federation forces from Side 3 to prevent similar incidents from happening again. After bring reprimanded by Degwin for failure to look after Garma, Dozle sends Char - who motivated Garma into starting the rebellion - to Earth; in response, Char requests to become a mobile suit pilot when he returns. Feeling the burden of his responsibilities, Dozle proposes to cadet Zenna Mia. In the Earth city of Manaus, Char lands a job as a mobile worker pilot at a construction site. He meets a young Lalah Sune at a casino. Emma is a busy doctor who sets up a seemingly perfect arrangement when she offers her best friend Adam a relationship with one rule: No strings attached. But when a fling becomes a thing, can sex friends stay best friends?  Your favorite animals are back for an all-new family adventure! Join Maurice, the beloved penguin-tiger, and the Jungle Bunch on their exciting quest for hidden pirate treasure! Hold on to your seats, because the wacky treasure hunt includes all sorts of new adventures and silly surprises, including booby traps, a village of crazy rabbits, and a mysterious "Yellow Dragon." Can the Jungle Bunch outsmart Captain Grubby Beard, his evil gang of Pirates, and an outrageous heap of obstacles to find the precious hidden treasure? When Apollo, a kind-hearted travelling performer, lands in the village of the Funny Little Bugs, it's not too long before he upsets the life of the kingdom. As Apollo falls into a trap set by Wendy, the jealous and treacherous cousin of the queen, he is framed for kidnapping Queen Marguerite, causing panic in the hive! In reality, Marguerite is held by the Vermin, Wendy's accomplices, while she takes over the throne. With the help of his new friends, Apollo embarks on a perilous rescue mission. To free the Queen and save the hive, the Little Bugs will bravely face many dangers and be more imaginative than ever! This winter is extraordinary; Moomintroll decides  to stay awake to explore the winter instead of hibernating as usually. And winters are certainly totally different than he had imagined. Strangest creatures wander amidst the snowdrifts; midwinter darkness surrounds the Moominvalley, and on top of that, an eccentric guest is soon to appear. This guest requires many measures, and is called Christmas, Hemulen tells to a surprised Moomintroll. Three teenaged best friends on the planet Telluria begin an incredible journey of adventure as they fight against the most evil being in the universe. One summer day a group of sixth-grade boys have an argument about whether fireworks are round or flat when viewed from different angles and embark on a journey for the answer during the annual firework festival. Meanwhile, one of their classmates, Nazuna, is troubled by her parents' separation and decides to choose one of the boys - Norimichi or Yuusuke - to run away with depending on who wins a race at the pool. 'Parallel Planes' is a documentary film portraying 12 American avant-garde & punk-rock musicians. It is a journey between genres, an essay on free thinking and an intimate look at how 12 critical players relate to the potential of music. Based on Vocaloid songs from "Kokuhaku Jikko Iinkai ~Renai Series~" by HoneyWorks, the movie is the second film based on the songs, following Tetsuya Yanagisawa's previous anime, "I Want to Let You Know That I Love You". The Jungle Book: tell the story of Mowgli a young boy who is fighting cancer. Mowgli's mom and Grandfather Tom pray for a miracle as Mowgli's condition starts to deteriorate. When Mowgli's closes his eyes, his mind takes him into the world of his favorite story, The Jungle Book. The Monkey King believes that if he can capture Mowgli, he can become human. The wolves try to keep Mowgli safe from the dangers of the jungle. This heart warming story will keep you entranced from beginning to end. A boy falls in love with his junior in a Kyoto college club, and struggles daily to be noticed by her. However, she is naive and unsophisticated and is completely indifferent to him. Mary Smith, a young girl who lives with her great-aunt in the countryside, follows a mysterious cat into the nearby forest where she finds a strange flower and an old broom, none of which is as ordinary as it seems. Cambodia, once the ancient kingdom of Funan, April 17th, 1975. The entire country falls under the tyranny of Angkar, the communist party of the Khmer Rouge. The cities are abandoned, the population is thrown to the roads and forced to walk towards an uncertain future. A butch lesbian tells the story of her queer body with the help of her mother and the Aztec goddess Coyolxauhqui. The story of two brothers who lead totally different lives. Jake Hunt enjoys life to the fullest in Thailand, while his shy brother Oliver deals with his own depressions back home in the USA. Their dominant mother wants Jake back home and for this reason, Oliver is sent to Thailand to retrieve his brother. Once there, Oliver finds himself in Jake's bizarre life and falls in love with a beautiful girl, Lek. However, it is not a coincidence that she and Oliver have met The villains from the popular animated Disney films are gathered at the House of Mouse with plans to take over. Soon, the villains take over the house and kick out Mickey, Donald and Goofy. It's all up to Mickey and his friends to overthrow evil and return the House of Mouse to normal--or as close to normal as it gets. There is family trouble for the knights. To get out of trouble's way, they decide to whizz off to China for a dragon tooth, the symbol of wisdom and power. At that time the Prince of Kiev is on a journey with his horse Julius; he is after the treasures of the Sea tsar to fill his coffers and "patch up the budget". And the Sea tsar has decided to marry - and therefore drown Kiev. What is to be done? What will help our heroes? Friendship, boldness and, of course, love. No overview found. When a bale of hay goes missing on the farm, only one animal can solve this mystery: OINK, the FLYING PIG! While on Christmas break, college student Michael journeys to Quebec City to spend time with his attractive girlfriend, Gabriella. Not long after he arrives, Gabriella breaks up with him, but her two equally gorgeous sisters waste no time showing romantic interest. In the meantime, Michael is left to deal with Gabriella's eccentric grandmother and offbeat father, an academic who spends most of his time naked. This Easter - Hitch a ride with with the Easter Bunny as he goes on an unforgettable adventure! It's the biggest Easter egg hunt ever and Benny the Easter Bunny can't do it alone. He teams up with Wilma the chicken as they hop in a giant hot air balloon and journey to Fairy Tale Valley in search of the most amazing Eater Egg ever; an Easter Egg that can grant any wish one desires! The two adventurers quickly learn that friendly creatures of Fairy Tale Valley are more than willing to help them find the magical egg. But there is a surprise in store for Benny and Wilma: the inhabitants of Fairy Tale Valley love to tell amazing fairy tales, Including such classics as The Hare and the Tortoise, The Lion and the Mouse and many more! Join Benny and Wilma in an exciting Easter Egg Hunt that kids and parents are sure to enjoy! One night, when all the women are abducted from the village, Sabri Firildak and his friends enter a magical forest to get their wives back. The grouchy Makhichoos, whoe hates Diwali, is digging furiously in the Dholakpur forest searching for a demon.  Soon the demon emerges from the roots of a tree.  Both the evil witch and Makhichoos plan to build a new kingdom on the eve of Diwali and teach Bheem a lesson.  While Bheem and his friends are preparing for the celebrations, Chhota Hanuman also comes there to be a part of the festival.  But something worse happens; Makhichoos and the evil witch kidnap princess Indumati.  Will Bheem and Hanuman together rescue Indumati and triumph over the evil. Chhota Bheem Aur Krishna vs Zimbara is an Indian animated movie featuring Bheem, the star of the Chhota Bheem series. It is the 19th movie of the series. Running Time - 65 mins.  Set roughly a million years ago and revolves around a species of proto-homonids - basically our ape An incredibly insightful animation provides a personal telling of a very important story from an often unheard perspective of the refugee crisis.  Legend has it that five locks protect the world's magic power, but it accidentally selected a "nobody" " Pig Man (Zhang Zikun) as its owner. After visiting his father in Arkham Sanitarium, young Howard Lovecraft accidentally uses the legendary Necronomicon to open a portal to a strange frozen world filled with horrifying creatures and a great adventure. Bheem and his friends are invited to spend their vacations in Kathmandu.Their trip is not without mishap, as a young ape is separated from its father. Bheem defeats the jaguars, and unites the ape with its father. Miniforce, a special task force of elite rangers, takes on the Lizard Army to save Earth before it's too late, in this prequel to the TV series. Tim, a newly trained Elf, wanders off from his people and is captured by the local circus. Saved by young Teresa, together they form an unbreakable bond. But the only way to truly save Tim, will be finding a way to get him back to the other Elves. Max and Steel face their greatest challenge ever. When Max's greatest enemies unite to take down N-Tek and conquer Copper Canyon, Max and Steel realize that they can't save the day on their own. It's time to form a new team of heroes with Tempestra, La Fiera, and C.Y.T.R.O. - TEAM TURBO  One day , Pororo and Crong enter a video game "Golden wing adventure"  In the cyber space , Pororo and Crong met 'Prince ChiChi" and agreed to find Golden wing to save Princess  On the other hand, Pororo's friends were captured by SPIDER KING "  Will Pororo save the Princess and his friends and escape from Cyber space ? When a kingdom gets cursed by One-Eye (Ian Hecox), it's up to Freddy (Anthony Padilla), Frog Princess (Ambyr Childers) and Ababwa (Jon Lovitz) to make things right again. The mighty frogs set off on an adventure to stop the curse, and things begin to get harder along the journey. Join them on their mission to save the kingdom! Walking with Dinosaurs 3D is a film depicting life-like 3D dinosaur characters set in photo-real landscapes that transports audiences to the prehistoric world as it existed 70 million years ago. The film is based on the 1999 documentary television miniseries Walking with Dinosaurs, produced by the BBC. Walking with Dinosaurs 3D is being produced by Evergreen Studios, the company that produced Happy Feet, and it is was released on October 11, 2013. The third of three Kuroko no Basket compilation films. A small Tibetan antelope pursues its dream to return home and become the king of Tibet Antelope. Two kids are saving their mom.  The story takes place in a harbor town where a gloomy middle school student named Kai meets a mermaid named Lu. Popular teen video-bloggers became digital persons after being <<hacked>> by evil computer virus. They need to find their way back home from this <<digital trap>>. YUGO, KRATKA AUTOBIOGRAFIJA is a half-hour fictional documentary film that, through the fates of different people, tries to illuminate the phenomenon of the YUGO car, a cute outsider of small capacities but big ambitions, in the period between 1980 and 2008, when it was manufactured. The film combines statements from authentic workers that were involved in the production of Yugo, archives, along with the reconstruction of different fragments from the Yugo's history which portray him both as a family and a thug's car, as a part of the great American Dream, or as a symbol of betrayed expectations. This film is a small 'commemorative' review of the history of an automobile that for a long time symbolised, in a jocular and veritable way, sometimes even by accident, the times in which he was manufactured. The troll prince Trym has only two days to save his father, King Grom, who has turned to stone and had his tail stolen by the evil presence in the forest. When the evil Dr. Hell attacks the Earth, the mighty giant mecha Mazinger Z is formed to stop him. A compilation film of the Ansatsu Kyoushitsu TV series, featuring anime-only epilogue scenes not originally in the manga. By the early 1900s, the extraordinary Houdini earned an international reputation for his theatrical tricks and daring feats of extrication from shackles, ropes, handcuffs and... Scotland Yard's jails. Harvie is a smart but a bit too lively boy with one ambition, to finish the last level of his computer game. Once in the Gamers Hall of Fame, his absent-minded father, would finally be proud of him. But finishing the game turns out to be only the start of a real adventure that takes Harvie, his dog Jerry, and his friend Monica deep into the forgotten realms of the city's old puppet museum. St. Petersburg 1917. The frontline of the global war is coming closer everyday; people are hungry, wor-ried, angry. In February the tsar is overthrown. Many artists are euphoric: Revolution! Freedom, finally? No. Starting in October, the Bolsheviks rule by themselves. What were poets, thinkers, and avant-gardists like Maxim Gorky and Kazimir Malevich doing during this drastic change of power? In the film, five of them alight from the director's piles of books as animated cut-out figures. With their own recorded words in their mouths, they participate in salons, committees, and street riots. Balloon kingdoms, dopey police dragons and happy wizards are exactly how Terry remembered his Grandmother's whacky fairy tales. Except they are real and it's definitely not as 'cheerful.'  While on a grand world tour, The Muppets find themselves wrapped into an European jewel-heist caper headed by a Kermit the Frog look-alike and his dastardly sidekick.  A middle-aged man returns to a fictional country in the Balkans to make a documentary about his father, a well-known artist. The son's own artistic endeavours have never received attention to the level he feels they deserve. Consequently he has struggled to find a meaningful place in society and his personal life is chaos. Based on the horror game Ao Oni by noprops.  Five members of the cultural anthropology club at an old western-style school are trying to come up with ideas for their presentation at the school's culture festival, when they find a collection of folk tales gathered by a student in their club 40 years ago. They realize that the mysterious Bellflower Oni that appears in the folk tales may be the basis for the popular free game Ao Oni, and decide to make that their theme. They manage to make contact with the author of the Ao Oni game, but he dies mysteriously soon afterward. The club members become suspicious at the author's death and began to investigate on their own, but encounter a secret they never should have touched: a secret underground prison in the school.  For some reason all the fire doors at the school are locked, and they are trapped in the school. The sound of the strange footsteps they hear soon turn to their screams...A new tragedy of the Ao Oni is about to begin. After a spending the night with his girlfriend Alice (Jeanne Moreau), trucker Jean (Jean Gabin) encounters a dead body on the road home. He reports the incident to the police who suspect that Jean was responsible for the death and his new truck is impounded. To make matters worse, the man's widow accuses Jean of having robbed her husband of a large amount of money that he was carrying. And then there's that gang of sinister crooks who also are harassing him. Jean is a victim of circumstance and forces beyond his control are closing in on him. But Alice gives him a measure of comfort and stability. With her as his emotional base, he manages to rouse his trucker friends to turn the tables against the gangsters who are pursuing him. A special following the adventures of a young boy and his sister, who get lost in Dinosaur World theme park where they encounter the biggest and most frightening meat-eater ever to roam the earth: Tyrannosaurus Rex. One of the first examples of Japanese anime to find a significant audience in the United States, Speed Racer was an animated television series whose bold graphic style, fast-paced action, and curious English-language dubbing won a cult following in America. Despite its title, Speed Racer: The Movie is actually a short feature cobbled together from two vintage episodes of the original TV show. Get your tail scally-wagging and hit the high seas for 6 pirate adventures! The pups need all paws on deck as they uncover a secret pirate cave and emBARK on a tremendous treasure hunt with Cap'n Turbot! Then, it's ruff seas ahead as the PAW Patrol works together to stop a ghostly guest from ruining the pirate ship parrty! Plus, fix a broken water tower, save a PAWsome puppy pool day, and more! Y'arrr in for a good time! When a clock lands on Mater's engine, he travels back in time to 1909 where he meets Stanley, an ambitious young car on his way to California. With the help of Lightning McQueen, Mater alters history by convincing Stanley to stay and build Radiator Springs. Stanley meets Lizzie and they commemorate the opening of the new courthouse with their wedding. The Love Commandos follows a group of ordinary men on an extraordinary mission: to change their country's archaic views on love, honour and marriage, one couple at a time. Every day in India, sons and daughters are beaten or killed for falling in love across strict caste boundaries. But a remarkable group of men calling themselves 'The Love Commandos' are working hard to prevent vicious honour killings. Two millennia ago, a Lybian king has a basilisk (snake-shaped dragon), which petrifies people, subjected to the same fate with a golden scepter during a solar eclipse. Both these and several victims are dug up by modern archaeologist Harrison 'Harry' McColl's expedition. Despite a cryptic warning from tribal locals, everything goes to his Colorado university's museum. It's all exhibited during another eclipse, which leads to the monster reviving. Harry and some of his friends must try to petrify the monster again. The BBC's Space Race is a documentary/drama chronicling the major events and characters in the American/Soviet space race, leading up to the first moon landing. The series concentrates on Sergei Korolev, the Soviet chief rocket designer, and Wernher von Braun, his American counterpart, as their rivalry intensifies and the pressure to be the first builds. Raju is a boy from India that has plenty of interests! Playing soccer, studying hard, and... saving the world?! Three friends are on the verge of getting their video game financed when their benefactor is taken hostage by terrorists.  Natsu Dragneel and his friends travel to the island Kingdom of Stella, where they will reveal dark secrets, fight the new enemies and once again save the world from destruction. Blind stubbornness in the face of global catastrophe, and the victims thereof. Calvin, his wife Patty and their son, Kenny, try to maintain their farm and survive in a flooded mid-western landscape despite the fact that (mostly) everyone else seems to have moved on to somewhere safer. Batman and Nightwing are forced to team with the Joker's sometimes-girlfriend Harley Quinn to stop a global threat brought about by Poison Ivy and Jason Woodrue, the Floronic Man. Let presenters Catnip Everdeen and Ryan Fleacrest take you on a wild ride into the funny lives of pets! Meet the funniest dogs and cats in the world in this collection of pet videos that will leave you howling with laughter! The perfect movie for any pet lover! Buck Douglas, the famous "Alien Quest" TV show host visits Pontypandy and everyone in town searches for aliens. The Wishbone family is far from happy. With a struggling bookshop, an overworked husband, and two misunderstood teenagers, Emma is at her wit's end trying to be the perfect mom. After dragging her family to a costume party on Halloween night, they are cursed by an evil witch and transformed into a Vampire, a Mummy, a Werewolf, and Frankenstein's monster. Now Emma will fight to keep her Monster Family together and uncover the secret of their curse... eventually leading them to the Prince of Darkness himself, Dracula! A drama teacher's taboo relationship with an unstable student strikes a nerve in her jealous classmate, sparking a vengeful chain of events within their suburban high school that draws parallels to 'The Crucible'. In the story, the seasons have changed and it will soon be the second spring. Tatsuya and Miyuki have finished their first year at First Magic High School and are on their spring break. The two go to their villa on the Ogasawara Island archipelago. After only a small moment of peace a lone young woman named Kokoa appears before them. She has abandoned the Naval base and she tells Tatsuya her one wish. This is the story of how Ash and Pikachu first met. At first, Pikachu was disobedient towards Ash, but Ash only wanted to be friends with Pikachu. On the day they set out from Pallet Town, both of them saw a Ho-Oh flying and they made a vow to meet it. First of three compilation films of Kuroko no Basket. In his short stories, Israeli writer Etgar Keret mixes fantasy and reality. His own life story also comes across as a modern fairy tale. In this hybrid documentary, the filmmakers investigate why storytelling is essential for Keret's survival. Join Bob the Builder and the team in their biggest build ever! It's autumn in New York. Sam has broken up with his girlfriend and his father has recently died. World-weary and sloppy drunk, he finds temporary solace in the arms of Anna, a mysterious vampire who draws him away from his friends and into a web of addiction and madness. In the year 2138, virtual reality gaming is booming. Yggdrasil, a popular online game is quietly shut down one day. However, one player named Momonga decides to not log out. Momonga is then transformed into the image of a skeleton as "the most powerful wizard." The world continues to change, with non-player characters (NPCs) beginning to feel emotion. Having no parents, friends, or place in society, this ordinary young man Momonga then strives to take over the new world the game has become. Overlord: The Undead King or Overlord: Fushisha no O is an anime compilation of the Overlord series. It features episodes from one to seven. In the year 2138, virtual reality gaming is booming. Yggdrasil, a popular online game is quietly shut down one day. However, one player named Momonga decides to not log out. Momonga is then transformed into the image of a skeleton as "the most powerful wizard." The world continues to change, with non-player characters (NPCs) beginning to feel emotion. Having no parents, friends, or place in society, this ordinary young man Momonga then strives to take over the new world the game has become. Overlord: The Dark Warrior or Overlord: Shikkoku no Senshi is an anime compilation of the Overlord series. It features episodes from eight to thirteen.  Behold the struggle between light and dark, the two principles that are at the very heart of the cinematic deed. A Solar Dream takes the seventh art's ability to generate imaginary and phantasmagorical worlds to the limit, multiplied here by Michele Bokanowski's enveloping music. A precious plastic and sonic gem. A young girl on a far off planet in another solar system discovers that all she has been told is not true, her search for truth and love is an adventurous and cautionary tale. After being infected in the wake of a violent pandemic and with only 48 hours to live, a father struggles to find a new home for his baby daughter. King Tezozomoc invades Texcoco betraying the trust of his allies with a surprise attack. The young prince Nezahualcoyotl will attempt to retrieve his father's kingdom from the hands of Tezozomoc. When an overenthusiastic Maya accidentally embarrasses the Empress of Buzztropolis, she is forced to unite with a team of misfit bugs and compete in the Honey Games for a chance to save her hive. In its first 25 years only 10 people have finished The Barkley Marathons. Based on a historic prison escape, this cult like race tempts people from around the world to test their limits of physical and mental endurance in this documentary that contemplates the value of pain. One of the world's greatest living painters, the German artist Gerhard Richter has spent over half a century experimenting with a tremendous range of techniques and ideas, addressing historical crises and mass media representation alongside explorations of chance procedures. The first glimpse inside his studio in decades, Gerhard Richter Painting is exactly that: a thrilling document of the 79-year-old's creative process, juxtaposed with rare archival footage and intimate conversations with his critics and collaborators.  When the villainous space moose, Tar Tar the Third, unveils a new secret weapon with awesome powers, The Space Guardians reunite to battle the baddest bad guy yet, and save the universe! Shortly after the Inter-High of Kagami and Kuroko's second-year, a street basketball team from the USA called Team Jabberwock came to Japan to play a friendly match against a Japanese college-level street basketball team, Team Strky. Despite their best efforts, Strky is brutally crushed by Jabberwock. After the match, the Jabberwock players insult the players from Strky and all of Japanese basketball, claiming Strky's basketball was at the same level as monkeys and telling the players and crowds to quit playing basketball and kill themselves.  As a revenge match, Kagetora assembles a dream team of all members of Generation of Miracles plus Kuroko Tetsuya and Kagami Taiga, along with bench players Hyuga Junpei, Takao Kazunari, and Wakamatsu Kosuke, forming Team Vorpal Swords, with the hopes of reclaiming the pride of Japanese basketball. A dive down to the collective subconscious, where the man's stinking corpse is broken down into nourishing soil from which we are born again and rise to the surface with a new feminine thinking and feeling and unimaginable perversions. An artful film with a sweet side, but also violent sex scenes and a perverse taste. The adventures of Rohan Kishibe, as he goes around uncovering mysteries. A visiting city reporter's assignment suddenly revolves around the murder trial of a local millionaire, whom he befriends. Join Peppa in this exciting new preschool cinema experience, with plenty of snorts, giggles and jumping up and down in muddy puddles! Leading with 'Peppa Visits London', the first of the never-before-seen episodes, Peppa and her friends hop on board a double-decker red bus as the Queen takes them on an unforgettable tour of iconic London landmarks including Big Ben, Tower Bridge and Trafalgar Square. The other new 'oink-tastic' episodes include 'The Police, 'Canal Boat', 'The Zoo', 'Move to the Music' and a four-part story in which viewers will join Peppa on an Australian holiday to visit her old friend, Kylie Kangaroo. After releasing the Chupacabras, Leo San Juan decides that it is time to return together with his brother Nando to his grandmother's house. Halfway down the road, Charro Negro manages to confuse Leo and because of him, an innocent girl is dragged into the underworld. Leo is forced to repair the damage. Your friends will come to try to help you and get out of there as soon as possible. But it is no coincidence that the Charro has chosen to involve Leo, his intentions go beyond getting a new soul. The second of three Kuroko no Basket compilation films.  First part of Free!: Timeless Medley Second part of Free!: Timeless Medley When the mysterious Shiriri turns his parents into children, Shin-chan must trek across Japan to help return them to adult form. A modern take on a classical tale about the musicians from the town of Bremen. In a lively animated lesson about the do's and don'ts of fire and outdoor safety, the Old Lady Who Lived in a Shoe takes all her children and Cousin Jim off on a summer camping trip. And to make sure that needless accidents won't spoil their fun, she plays it smart by observing the rules. Cousin Jim, however, unaware of rules, has several close calls with disaster until the Old Lady steps in and teaches him the ABCs of safe, enjoyable outdoor living. When it comes to fire prevention, the Old Lady knows just what to do. Do you? In the distant future, mankind begin research on clones that live underground in search of lost genetic information. Tomboy and farmgirl Charlene "Charley" Wilson finds fun and adventure with her beloved dog Fuzz and tries to fit in to her small town, while her parents struggle with money and crop production worries.  Boonie bears and Bald Qiang work together with secret primitive girl to smash a conspiracy to destroy old-growth forest.  There is a strange feeling around Earth and Triforce just before the completion of the world's first mechanimal, Disc Cannon. Black Mirror who was thought to be dead, has revived and is seeking revenge. He turns all the mechanimals into Black Mechanimals and starts to destroy the world. The tamers start preparing for the final battle in the most dangerous of times... Lollos's laughter has gone away and he can not get it anywhere! Disco, Lettie, Minki and Karla host an exciting talent competition in which everyone gets a chance to perform a hilarious item. Find out if Lollos will find his laughter agai... (With a special appearance by ADAM, Lenka and Lalaland's Foempies)   A Ginga Kikoutai Majestic Prince movie with an original story. In a futuristic version of medieval Japan, a band of swordsmen battles an evil warlord and his mechanical army of ninjas, and are aided by a mysterious heroic cyborg ninja, Shiranui. Leslie Zevo is a fun-loving inventor who must save his late father's toy factory from his evil uncle, Leland, a war-mongering general who rules the operation with an iron fist and builds weapons disguised as toys. The year is 3394. The solar system has been long destroyed by a strange alien race called Gauna. Now humans are barely maintaining population in their seed ships - the ones they also used to escape a thousand years ago. After several years of drifting though space, Sidonia, a seed ship with a population of over 500,000 people, is once again threatened by Gauna. Follow Tanikaze Nagate, a mysterious young man from the deep corners of the ship, and his friends as they try to strike back against these gigantic creatures and at the same time learn what they really are for the sake of humanity's survival. -MAL Yuuta and Rikka are in their third year of high school. One day in Spring, Touka declares that she will take Rikka to Italy with her, as her job has stabilized there and thinks they should migrate together as a family. Touka is also worried about Rikka not being competent enough to advance to universities in Japan. The gangs from the club suggested Yuuta, who doesn't want to be separated, to elope with Rikka!! A runaway drama throughout Japan begins. Learning a language is like falling in love. But when this great linguist's love for a princess was denied, he just fell in love with her 75 times more. The film is about the remarkable life of a poor priest's son - Georg Julius Justus Sauerwein and his life-long love for Princess Elisabeth of Wied, later Queen of Romania. This is a psychological drama about a brilliant but complex man. His humanitarian values were far ahead of his time. In his day, he was the most vilified person in the German press. Based on Sauerwein's letters and other written sources and narrated from the first person, the film merges the classic fairytale with documentary realism, both in script and visual design, pushing the boundaries of documentary. Wada Koji fights to become a boxing champion.  Anjani has not forgotten how her son almost lost his life. Now to protect him, she shelters him in abid to keep him from harming himself again. She doesn't even allow him to go out of the house. When his father Senapati Kesari returns from war, he is upset to find that his brave son has become a scared little boy. Maruti feels bad that his father isn't proud of him, and prays to God to make him the bravest kid in the world.  God answers his prayers and leads Maruti into a series of jungle adventures. His experiences and new friends lead him to metamorphose from a Bhola-Bhala Bajrangi to HANUMAN DA DAMDAAR! 10-year-old Nori is obliged to grow up at a very young age after the early death of his mother and then being abandoned by his father Gezim in the Kosovo of the 1990s.After a dangerous and eventful journey, Nori finally arrives in Germany and is reunited with his father, but he cannot understand how Gezim could just have left him. And chances of them being able to stay in Germany look bleak when Gezim's application for asylum is rejected. Following their success in the qualifying round for the Kansai regional competition, the members of the Kitauji High School concert band set their sights on the next upcoming performance. Utilizing their summer break to the utmost, the band participates in a camp where they are instructed by their band advisor Noboru Taki and his friends who make their living as professional musicians.  Kumiko Oumae and her friends remain determined to attain gold at the Kansai competition, but trouble arises when a student who once quit the band shows interest in rejoining and sparks unpleasant memories for the second-year members. Kumiko also learns about her teacher's surprising past and the motivation behind his desire to lead the band to victory. Reaching nationals will require hard work, and the adamant conviction in each student's commitment to the band will be put to the test.  [Written by MAL Rewrite] After a US missile strike on an Iranian nuclear plant, armed conflict erupts in the Persian Gulf between the forces of America and the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps, led by Qassem Soleimani. Federation trooper Johnny Rico is ordered to work with a group of new recruits on a satellite station on Mars, where giant bugs have decided to target their next attack. A talented group of orphaned children in Swaziland create a fictional heroine and send her on a dangerous quest. One day, Dutch film maker van der Horst was given her inheritance: 6 square meters, one sixth of a small, wooden house in the Russian countryside where her mother grew up. It was as if life had handed her a card she felt forced to play. She began a journey into the past, back into the childhood of her Russian mother and her five sisters, all of whom struggled with fear, famine and war in Stalin's Russia; experiences that left them scarred to their very soul. Aliona's quest into the lives and fate of her family becomes a loving, poignant, and poetic film with Chekhovian characters. Accompanied by the magical animation of acclaimed Italian artist Simone Massi, unimaginable events in the Soviet past are given an immediate charge. Along with the stories of ordinary people living in the small farmhouse, the film maker tells the tale of Soviet terror, immense bravery and a fear that has never left those four walls. Experimental narrative animation using hobbyist 3D animation and inspired by niche genres of computer-generated erotica. Iconic Welsh rock musician Mike Peters' rise to fame, battle with cancer and inspiring return, featuring one-of-a-kind performances from other legendary musicians. Life in Solby is nice and peaceful until one day Mitcho and Sebastian find a message in a bottle by the harbour. The bottle is from the missing mayor of Solby with a message that he is on a mysterious island and has made a great discovery. Now they must embark on a perilous journey to help save the mayor and bring him home, and in the process they uncover something that will bring great pleasure to the city of Solby - a giant pear. Paola is born in a traditional Colombian family, or at least that is what they try to be. Her father is a priest, her mother is a "psychic" and her sisters are not what their parents expected. She is a young Latin American woman struggling for her independence in a hard context full of stereotypes and appearances not being able to fit in any mold. With a unique feminine vision of the world this girl learns to live while she lives as she witnesses a series of small crises that shape her personality. The story of a young enslaved African woman who escapes her master, flees to the Gold Coast and takes her master to court. Based on actual court transcripts, the films breathes life into the graphic novel by the same name to tell her story. Anida is a young artist who lives in a millinery floating circus traveling the harbors along with her best friend, Vincent the toad. She has great powers and is able to read the future through the person's hands, but she carries a bewitchment -she can't see her own past. The circus is under the command of Madame Justine, who allows nobody to leave her domains. And a mysterious magician arrives to live an impossible love. A dream of freedom, power and adventure will make Anida find her path and discover the secret that closes a story with the magic of the best tales. A part-time drama lecturer feels it's his lucky day when he unexpectedly gets offered an acting gig on the same day that he learns of a faculty post. "Food for thought" is a short film with a simple message: Does it have to go this far for you to get it? We don't have anything against some occasional comfort food. We actually quite enjoy it. But constant unhealthy diet and physical inactivity are silent killers responsible for millions of deaths worldwide. It happens slowly, but eventually it happens, and sadly those deaths never end up on the front page of the newspapers. This is our small contribution to World Health Day. To raise awareness on this important issue. After 5 years of calm, these foul-mouthed rappers returned with the release of their 6th album To The 5 Boroughs, the most eagerly anticipated new record of the year so far. This documentary includes exclusive and previously unseen film footage and in-depth interviews with the band and those that have worked closely with the Beastie Boys during their career, including close friends, colleagues, journalists, producers and musicians. Krash decides to throw his best buddy Barry an unforgettable birthday party. He contacts the DejaVu Agency, which organizes exciting time travel adventures. A cataclysmic accident occurs after the Kikoriki crew fail to follow the rules and scatter the group across time. Krash has to find and retrieve his friends through the ages with the help of his alter ego from another time and place, who materializes out of the rupture in the space-time continuum. Just when you thought the Kikoriki adventures couldn't get wilder, along comes this thrilling time travel adventure suitable for all ages across the globe.   Anpanman and friends help fraidy lion Buruburu locate some treasure. Internet as a victim facilitator for sexual slavery underage hitmen, infant labor workers under inhuman conditions, dysfunctional shelters, collateral victims and distraught families are some of the topics engaged by The Wild Dance The annual Burping Contest is ruined by Barf and Big Snot causing the entire town to go into chaos. Charlie Chapfin and Mucus are then tasked with saving the town, their teacher, their class, and the new student Corallina. Despite all odds, they travel to the deepest, most dangerous corners of the ocean to confront the captors. Mizore Yoroizuka and Nozomi Kasaki are two close friends who are part of the Kitauji High School music club. Quiet and reserved Yoroizuka plays the oboe while lively and popular Kasaki plays the flute. The group has decided to play Liz and the Blue Bird, a song inspired on a fairy tale about the relationship between a girl and a bird. The musical piece puts both Mizore and Nozomi on the spotlight due to a solo part by Yoroizuka and forces the two girls to reexamine their friendship. In New York City for their annual tradition of Christmas Eve debauchery, three lifelong best friends set out to find the Holy Grail of Christmas parties since their yearly reunion might be coming to an end. Kana and her friends design a bottle rocket and launch it into space, even though it might not get there at all. However, just when the rocket is completed, a robot suddenly crashes into and destroys it, shortly followed by a pink-haired woman claiming to be a "Galactic Investigator". Joker has come to Japan to steal the Eagle Talon Society's secret weapons in his continued scheme for pure chaos. However, the Justice League is on his trail, but there's something off with Batman. Now, it's up to Eagle Talon to go find out what's wrong with Batman, and that means going back in time to Bruce Wayne's most traumatic experience, the murder of his parents. If that wasn't enough to worry about, the Eagle Talon Society also have to keep their eyes on their production budget, especially with most of that money going towards the licensing fee for DC's popular characters. Will the Eagle Talon Society and the Justice League be able to stop the Joker before their budget dries up, and they're reduced to simple stick figures!? A friendship with a top-secret robot turns a lonely girl's life into a thrilling adventure as they take on bullies, evil bots and a scheming madman. Life flows peacefully in Vinci: Leonardo is struggling with his incredible inventions, Lorenzo helps him and Gioconda observes them mockingly. When A mysterious storyteller comes to town and speaks of a hidden treasure, an adventure begins. A high school swim champion with a troubled past enrolls in the U.S. Coast Guard's 'A' School, where legendary rescue swimmer, Ben Randall teaches him some hard lessons about loss, love, and self-sacrifice.  A collection of four animated short films, with a nature theme. A French man and his Polish wife undertake a long trip to India to make a film about the need for spirituality in the 21st century, and to understand the spiritual attraction of India on Western travelers. But, throughout the journey, the contradictions in their expectations will reveal tensions between Mathieu and Anna. A 6 month road trip, mixing animation and documentary, during which Mathieu will question himself about the meaning of the couple and love. In an alternative Victorian Age Gotham City, Batman begins his war on crime while he investigates a new series of murders by Jack the Ripper. With the help of her delivery-boy friend, Dilili, a young Kanak, investigates a spate of mysterious kidnappings of young girls that is plaguing Belle Epoque Paris.  In the course of her investigation she encounters a series of extraordinary characters, each of whom provides her with clues that will help her in her quest. Baskaran left India for Dubai with high hopes but came back in a coffin. His widow Sundari didn't believe he committed suicide, so the relatives recruit cousin and filmmaker Jayakrisahnan Subramanian to uncover, what really happened. On his research, Jayakrishnan discovers that his cousin's fate symbolizes the exploited dreams of thousands others and the consequences they have to face when they wake up. Dive into Pondemonium for a whole new adventure! Joe and all your favorite pond critters are back. When Bartle Bee and Cosmo get into a heap of trouble, it's up to the whole pond to come together to help save the day. In the end, the most important thing is love and friendship. Cobalt Blue is the story of three childhood friends--Ryoko (Masami Nagasawa), Kazuya (Shinji Rachi), and Daisuke (Seiji Fukushi)--who grow up together on a remote island of Okinawa. Ryoko's mother, Yukiko Morishita (Misato Tanaka), is a world-renowned pianist who arrives from Tokyo to recuperate from an illness. She falls in love with a fisherman, Ryuji Nakamura, then marries him and gives birth to their daughter Ryoko shortly before passing away. Two boys, Daisuke and Kazuya, are born the same year as Ryoko, and the three children grow up like brothers and sisters. Kazuya decides to remain on the island to become a fisherman, while Daisuke is accepted into an art school in Naha (on the main island of Okinawa), and Ryoko considers leaving the island to study nursing. But during the spring of their 18th year, Kazuya sings a song of love, "Tubarama," to Ryoko, forever changing the relationship between the three friends... Will Steve learn to control his powers? Or will he kill everyone in the world? Spring time in April and the last of the cherry blossoms are still in bloom. The usually aloof bookworm with no interest in others comes across a book in a hospital waiting room. Handwritten on the cover are the words: "Living with Dying." He soon discovers that it is a diary kept by his very popular and genuinely cheerful classmate, Sakura Yamauchi, who reveals to him that she is secretly suffering from a pancreatic illness and only has a limited time left. It is at this moment that she gains just one more person to share her secret. Trying to maintain a normal life as much as possible, Sakura is determined to live her life to the fullest until the very last day. As her free spirit and unpredictable actions throw him for a loop, his heart begins to gradually change.  A dense multiverse of images and shifting focal points that explore the tension between two dimensional patterns both familiar and alien. Conventional icons are deconstructed, creating shapes that spark a sense of connection and shared history, while scenes transmogrify from rhythmic explosions to sublime trance-inducing patterns. A comics about superhero philosophers, who get involved in various predicaments and try to utter God's name.The movie is made up of eight episodes, each in its own genre. There are detective stories, a Western, a thriller, a conspiracy movie, horrors, and comedies - It is a fantastic voyage through the jungle of reason. Hope is tasked with teaching Manhattan's former "Most Eligible Bachelor" how to dance for his extravagant, society wedding. But as the dance lessons progress, complications ensue when feelings begin to develop between student and instructor. The once beautiful and lush Planet Keplar is now dry and near death after its precocious Kar-Lalo plant was exploited by Earthers to extinction. The Kar-Lalo plant was known throughout the galaxy as a source for super energy. It is the summer of 1980 in East Germany and, alone, Barbara is confined to living and working as a doctor in a small provincial town - her punishment for attempting to emigrate to the West. She has only one focus; to escape and for this, she has to wait patiently. Until Andre, her supervisor in the hospital, takes her off course. Are his motives of love or duty to the authorities? The day-to-day pretense, and content supervision slowly take their toll as the tension builds. When Fifi and her best friend Lily the whale get lost during a field trip to visit a sunken treasure ship, they embark on a incredible adventure to return home and reunite a lost sting ray with her parents. Friends Jimmy, Sarah, and Tammy are on their way to Bible Town, a fantastic place full of people who love to share stories from the Bible with anyone who visits. As the three friends journey along in their rainbow hot-air balloon, they tell some Bible stories of their own. When an evil spirit dead-set on conquering the world rises from the beyond, the star gods send a young boy named Polaris to defeat the spirit and maintain peace. As Polaris trains to become a powerful warrior, he must learn from 12 Kung Fu Masters before facing off against his ultimate foe, in this animated action adventure trilogy. Peter Parker and his friends go on a summer trip to Europe. However, they will hardly be able to rest - Peter will have to agree to help Nick Fury uncover the mystery of creatures that cause natural disasters and destruction throughout the continent. The story focuses on high school girl Nagisa Yukiai who lives in a seaside town. She has believed her grandmother's story that spirits dwell in words and they are called "kotodama" (word spirit). One day, she strays into a mini FM station that has not been used for years. As an impulse of the moment, she tries to talk like a DJ using the facility. But her voice accidentally broadcasted reaches someone she has never expected. When a petty criminal escapes from jail, she lays low by posing as a babysitter for two semmingly precious children. But when she decides to sell them for a quick profit, she gets more than she bargained for. A wildy clever family comedy in the tradition of "Home Alone" and "Mrs. Doubtfire". In the conditioning unit of a small chestnut can factory in a quiet little country village as winter slowly settles, a young ladybug gets trapped by accident in a cardboard box shipped to the Caribbean. His parent sets off for the paradise archipelago  to find his little kid and free him.  Once he finally makes it there, our hero finds himself entrusted with a double mission: find his offspring and save his new Caribbean ladybug friends' home threatened by a human construction site. Thankfully our hero will be able to count on his friend the black ant that flies to the rescue from the other side of the world. Universal Century 0079. Humanity has turned even space itself into a battlefield, and the Principality of Zeon forces advance after wiping out half the world's population by carrying out the Operation British (colony drop). In response, the Earth Federation Forces mobilize their overwhelming fighting strength to regain the advantage. The complex intrigues of the Zabi family... Sayla Mass, as she contends with the whims of fate... Hamon and Ramba Ral, who is now a pilot in the Zeon forces... Amuro and Fraw, leading peaceful lives at Side 7... a dark shadow falls across them all.  And the Zeon ace Char Aznable, driven by revenge, goes into action as the "Battle of Loum" finally begins. After a group of biologists discovers a huge network of unexplored caves in Romania and, believing it to be an undisturbed eco-system that has produced a new species, they hire the best American team of underwater cave explorers in the world. While exploring deeper into the underwater caves, a rockslide blocks their exit, and they soon discover a larger carnivorous creature has added them to its food chain. YouTuber Benjamin Cook explores modern sex in all its variety, interviewing members of the public and the cast of dramas Cucumber and Banana. A high-art, high-fashion showcase of a star's many personas-and a vivid reminder that our art, not our obstacles, ultimately defines us. Free, focused, and fucking shit up again, it shows every side of Fergie-the superstar, the visual artist, the creative director, the label head, the fashion icon, the wife, and, she'll tell you most importantly, "mom." What if animals stopped behaving like humans? And music was banned from the soundtrack? A non-narrative revisiting of the Disney classic, Jungle Book. To make his own version, the artist painstakingly redrew the frames of the original by hand, one by one, to create a familiar, yet entirely new experience. With an imminent Romulan invasion, Captain Bradley Prentice finds himself caught between a mysterious warlord who will stop at nothing to see the Federation destroyed, and a superior officer who may be hiding something--a dark secret which could save the Federation or seal its doom. When a massive temporal disaster strikes, the year 2399 is left a devastated ruin with much of the Federation destroyed and Earth a volcanic wasteland. In a desperate bid to restore the present, Captain Kendra Ronston reunites with her fractured crew and travels into the past to undo the damage. But waiting for her is the most sinister nemesis the Federation has ever known, and to stop him, she will have to enlist the help from an unexpected source. The forest's police chief Gordon is about to retire and he needs to find a new assistant. Paddy, a clever mouse with a great sense of smell seems to be the right candidate. Together they have to solve Gordon's last case - the mystery of squirrel's missing nuts. Could it be the fox that took them? Gordon and Paddy will soon find out. Paris, 1930. Luis Bunuel is penniless after the scandal surrounding the release of his first movie. Sculptor Ramon Acin, a good friend, buys a lottery ticket and promises Bunuel that he will pay for his next movie if he wins the prize. A story of encounters and partings interwoven between people; this is a human drama with feelings that touch one's heart gradually, which everyone has experienced at least once. A story of love, loss and redemption set on a train in 1943. A possessed Ninja doll teams up with a teenage boy to avenge the murder of a poor child factory worker. It's the year 3000 and a nuclear war has turned the earth into a desert wasteland. A group of survivors living in a cave run out of water and desperately need to locate a new supply. The last guy they sent out to find water never returned, and now his 10 year old son Timmy wants to join the next search team. They think they know where there's an untapped well of water, but to get there they have to travel through dangerous terrain controlled by a savage gang of motorcyclists under the bloodthirsty reign of 'Crazy Bull'. On their mission, Timmy and his team run into a lonesome stranger named Alien (Robert Iannucci) who may be able to help them against the marauding motorcyclists. Can the struggling survivors looking for water in this barren world defeat Crazy Bull and his exterminating minions? Hang on tight - the battle has just begun! A young and impatient stockbroker is willing to do anything to get to the top, including trading on illegal inside information taken through a ruthless and greedy corporate raider whom takes the youth under his wing. The adventures of two completely different in nature beasts - a serious and economic Beaver and restless Cat. They meet when the cat is looking for shelter from the rain in the forest. The beaver rescues the Cat, and they become bosom friends. The cat really wants to become famous and believes that everyone wants to become famous, but not everyone can admit it. One day the life of this couple changes abruptly when aliens from a distant galaxy land in the forest. On her 7th birthday, Princess Barbara discovers a magical book that transports her to Wonderland - an enchanted place filled with dragons and fantastic creatures. Your little princess will want to follow her dreams as she tags along on an adventure with two of Disney's most popular princesses in this new animated fairy tale. Aurora, star of the beloved classic Sleeping Beauty, and Jasmine, from the Academy Award-winning film Aladdin, journey to faraway lands and make new discoveries about themselves. In a California desert town, a short-order cook with clairvoyant abilities encounters a mysterious man with a link to dark, threatening forces. Working in Dr. Cranley's laboratory, scientist Jack Griffin was always given the latitude to conduct some of his own experiments. His sudden departure, however, has Cranley's daughter Flora worried about him. Griffin has taken a room at the nearby Lion's Head Inn, hoping to reverse an experiment he conducted on himself that made him invisible. But the experimental drug has also warped his mind, making him aggressive and dangerous. He's prepared to do whatever it takes to restore his appearance. All the major DC superheroes are starring in their own films, all but the Teen Titans, so Robin is determined to remedy this situation by getting over his role as a sidekick and becoming a movie star. Thus, with a few madcap ideas and an inspirational song in their hearts, the Teen Titans head to Hollywood to fulfill their dreams. Grab your boarding pass and come on a worldwide ride with our favorite Shoppies and Shopkins  Vacation with the gang as they meet crazy bandits and go on even crazier adventures!  When Kooky Cookie gets caught up in a diamond heist and goes missing, the Shoppies must go on a wild chase around the world to find her and help bring back the 'Shop Diamond' to its royal owner.  Watch as they attempt amazing challenges and face Kooky fans o try and clear her name.  Fasten your seatbelt for a world vacation you'll never forget. Fearless and full of laughter. Captain Sharky and his lively crew are off to exciting and frightening adventures where they learn that there is more than being the most fearsome pirate - being a good friend. Through illustrations and sounds, Una vez la noche experiments with the obsessive narration of four diverse characters -all of which are lost in the settings of their memory- to exhibit crucial events that marked their lives forever. Through a particular mise-en-scene, the film provides apparently ordinary people with a brilliant singularity, introducing us to a new perception of reality. In 1921, six dead bodies were found near the Red House between Tel Aviv and Jaffa. One was the body of Y.H. Brenner, a brilliant author, the sharp critic of his generation, a man of ambiguous sexuality and the characteristics of a raging prophet; he was well known throughout the Jewish world. An official report, written but sealed shortly after these events, was discovered only recently. It features in this film, along with animated sequences by David Polonsky ("Waltz with Bashir"), conversations with Brenner scholars, rare period stills, and selections from his works. Gorilla Grodd's time displacement machine transports many of Batman's worst enemies to feudal Japan, along with the Dark Knight and a few of his allies. After a brave rescue mission in stormy weather, a young rescue boat is headhunted to a larger harbor where he realizes that bigger is not always better.  Yamada may be shy and rather clumsy, but the flower gardens at her school have always brought her happiness. Suddenly, a different sort of beauty catches her eye--the vivacious track star, Kase-san. Although the two girls don't seem to have much in common, they soon start a romance where each must learn an important lesson in tending their budding relationship. Can the two girls, so different from each other, learn how to make their first love blossom? Based on the novel of the same name by Cixin Liu, the first in the Remembrance of Earth's Past trilogy. Hundreds of physicists died mysteriously. A Chinese nanomaterials expert, Wang Miao, sees a mysterious countdown in his eyes. Soon he finds out that the "disastrous planet" under three suns in a game really exists. The three-body civilization there will reach the Earth in 400 years. A future catastrophe is coming for humanity... When Santa and his reindeer pal Barnaby finish delivering presents for Christmas, they head back to the North Pole to celebrate. Gather around and listen as Santa and his elf pals dance and tell stories. Including time-honored Christmas story classics! The fascinating inside story of Apple Corps, The Beatles' very own multimedia corporation that became one of the most colourful, outlandish and chaotic companies that ever existed. The movies will tell the story of the phenomenon known as "The First Summer of Love" that took place ten years before the first Eureka Seven anime, but was never depicted in full. The movies will then follow the main storyline of the first TV anime and contain new dialogues and scenes, revised footage, as well as a new ending not present in the original series. When Arvid, the most malevolent yeti in all of the North Pole has come in possession of the powerful Master Scroll of The Naughty Children, he enlists the scroll's powers to banish Santa, his sworn arch nemesis, to the Land Of Holiday Misfits, a dreary place from which no one can return. It's up to a boy named Finn and his mighty dragon Haldor to rescue Santa and save the day before it's too late!  Cosplay Universe explores the rise of the global Comic Con sub-culture and evolution of Cosplay; the art form of becoming a character that you love. The film follows the journey of several international cosplay teams as they compete in what is known as the 'Olympics of Cosplay' at the World Cosplay Summit in Nagoya, Japan. Cosplay Universe also chronicles America's top cosplayers' challenges to turn their geeky hobby into a thriving business. The film taps into the psychology behind this art of self expression and demonstrates how Cosplayers can transform and expand their perceptions of themselves while finding community. Cosplay Universe features appearances by comic book legend Stan Lee, cosplay superstars Yaya Han and Jessica Nigri and many more. The rich inner world of famous Georgian theater and film director, artist and puppeteer Rezo Gabriadze is as fantastic as the animation into which he has poured this story of his life. Rezo's director son Levan "Leo" Gabriadze, who previously made the horror film Unfriended (2014), leaves it to his father to talk about a life suffused with magical thinking. In this unique and dynamic live concert experience, Louis C.K.'s exploration of life after 40 destroys politically correct images of modern life with thoughts we have all had...but would rarely admit to. Chi earned her American dream after persevering with her studies in Taiwan. Following her grandmothers' death, Chi returns to her family on Happiness Road, where she begins to feel nostalgic about her childhood and starts to contemplate the meaning of "life" and "home". What is happiness? Will Chi find her own happiness? A dramatic dance interpretation of Daniel Defoe's novel Roxana. Juki is a celebrity at the height of popularity. His innocent, humorous, and courageous attitude gains him the love of everyone. Until one mistake turns him into public enemy number one. But then, a fallen meteor is threatening to destroy Indonesia. Erin, a talented young scientist asks Juki's help to stop the meteor. The new adventures of the three heroes and, of course, the horse Yuliya!!!!. Where will the fate of the fairy tale heroes, who have fallen in love with them still go, what challenges do they have to overcome, that will help them defeat the dark forces? We will find out about this very soon. In this modern adaptation of the ancient Persian poet Ferdowsi's epic drama, the puppets set out in search of Rostam, an ancient hero who was abducted. After great hardship they rescue ancient heroes' puppets that are facing crisis due to a conspiracy by modern robot toys'. Adopting a frame story structure, the film unfolds tales of the puppets appearing in the puppet show in several different layers. Narratively, on one axis it attempts a modernized restoration of the traditional puppet show, on the verge of disappearing, while on the other axis it awakens the ancient spirit of the times, through all the ancient heroes on parade. Tradition and modernity, heroes and villains are not opponents, but harmonize in the film. The puppet shows begin with rap and dance, and actual images and animation are intertwined. Fantasy and reality co-exist in this interesting work in which all the great Iranian heroes appear. Ultimately, it is a heart-warming film that shows harmony and love. Rafael embarks on a shabby blue Landau and crosses the city of Sao Paulo gathering truths and lies about the set of his uncle Tico, the already legendary proto-punk-satirical Knee of Porco. In the wake of a truce between the Nice Side and the Mice Side, the Zooverse has settled into an era of peace. The villainous mouse, Boo Boo Squeal, is determined to violate that peace treaty, and restart war at any cost. Nice Side heroes, Nuke and B-52, are forced to fend for themselves, thwarting Boo Boo's vengeful minions and defending the Zooverse with everything they've got. When intergalactic space explorers get assigned their first mission, they must travel to a distant planet named Earth to save a little penguin that is stranded on a collapsing ice shelf. Zander Raines, a dazzling and tempestuous young choreographer, gives the break of a lifetime to two hopeful artists when he casts a stunning contemporary dancer, Barlow, and innovative pianist, Charlie, in New York's most-anticipated new Broadway show: Free Dance. But the move throws off the show's delicate creative balance when Charlie falls hard for Barlow while Zander embraces her as his muse. Some of the boys in South Park elementary find themselves on a balloon ride to an imaginary land. At arrival they're faced with an unimaginably threat. Zip and Zap track down honey thieves, encountering many new friends during their adventure. This Easter - Hitch a ride with with the Easter Bunny as he goes on an unforgettable adventure! It's the biggest Easter egg hunt ever and Benny the Easter Bunny can't do it alone. He teams up with Wilma the chicken as they hop in a giant hot air balloon and journey to Fairy Tale Valley in search of the most amazing Eater Egg ever; an Easter Egg that can grant any wish one desires! The two adventurers quickly learn that friendly creatures of Fairy Tale Valley are more than willing to help them find the magical egg. But there is a surprise in store for Benny and Wilma: the inhabitants of Fairy Tale Valley love to tell amazing fairy tales, Including such classics as The Hare and the Tortoise, The Lion and the Mouse and many more! Join Benny and Wilma in an exciting Easter Egg Hunt that kids and parents are sure to enjoy! The annual Burping Contest is ruined by Barf and Big Snot causing the entire town to go into chaos. Charlie Chapfin and Mucus are then tasked with saving the town, their teacher, their class, and the new student Corallina. Despite all odds, they travel to the deepest, most dangerous corners of the ocean to confront the captors. A Greek History Professor &amp; his daughter travel to a Greek Island for one last chance to finish his thesis on ancient love spells before he loses his research grant. His daughter attempts to match her father with the local women without sucess until she meets a beautiful Mermaid with whose help the Professor might finally find true love for himself. The Mystery Inc. gang have gone their separate ways and have been apart for two years, until they each receive an invitation to Spooky Island. Not knowing that the others have also been invited, they show up and discover an amusement park that affects young visitors in very strange ways.  Max and Steel face their greatest challenge ever. When Max's greatest enemies unite to take down N-Tek and conquer Copper Canyon, Max and Steel realize that they can't save the day on their own. It's time to form a new team of heroes with Tempestra, La Fiera, and C.Y.T.R.O. - TEAM TURBO It is Hallowaiian on the Big Island of Hawaii, so excitement and mischief are in the air. Three young friends, Kai, Eddie and Leilani uncover a mysterious idol in a secret cave whilst catching some waves at sunset. They quickly uncover that they've unleashed an ancient evil upon the island in the form of a giant pineapple-headed monster. The kids find help in some mystical friends and discover that in order to vanquish the evil, Kai must uncover his heritage, and believe the ancient stories of his ancestors. Award-winning filmmaker Julia Bacha (Budrus) chronicles the remarkable journey of Naila Ayesh, who played a key role in the nonviolent Palestinian uprising known as the First Intifada. When the uprising broke out in the late 1980s, Naila was living in Gaza. Faced with a choice between love, family and freedom, she embraced all three, joining a clandestine network of Palestinian women who led a movement that put Palestinians on the map. The film inventively combines animation with archival images to explore this hidden history. During production, the film won the DOC NYC Pitch Perfect competition and now makes its debut. Cocoa visits her family, in the mountains, after quite some time again after her sister Mocha wrote her, through a letter, to come back soon. Her friends will have to spend a week in the town without her, while Cocoa has time with her family that she hasn't seen for a long time. But Chino, Cocoa's self proclaimed little sister, wants to go watch, with Cocoa and all her friends, the fireworks in the fireworks festival, which is coming up in less than a week. Cocoa decides to return early as she misses them all, but will she arrive in time for the climax of the festival? "1980 Dawgs" is an extraordinary new documentary film produced in a 2-DVD Collectors Edition set. The most accurate and in-depth project ever produced on that special season. Current, often emotional, interviews with 27 players, coaches and others involved. 22 separate chapters include the inside stories and game footage highlights of each game, some with Larry Munson's best calls. And, special segments on important Bulldog history such as The Railroad Tracks (which includes old live film footage), Coach Erk Russell, a Larry Munson Tribute and more. Once upon a time, there was a forest where all the creatures lived happily together. Now, there is a drought. The creatures in the area have suffered from thirst and starvation for a long time. They decide to take control and start looking for ways to put an end to their misery. Under the leadership of a turtle, starts a quest for the treasure that will solve their crucial issue. Each stage of the journey will become an adventure for the group of animals. Gil Carter and Art Croft ride into a small Nevada town plagued by cattle thieves. Initially suspected of being the rustlers themselves, Carter and Croft eventually join a posse out to get the criminals, who also may be involved in a recent shooting. When the posse closes in on a group that could be the fugitives, they must decide on a course of action, with numerous lives hanging in the balance. An alien slave crash-lands in New York City while being pursued by two Men in Black bounty hunters. His attempt to find a place for himself on Earth parallels that of the immigrant experience. A century after the Wicked Witch, the Emerald City is at the mercy of a once-revered hero, and salvation comes from the wrench of young Victoria Wright. Rediscover old friends and meet new heroes in this new tale set in the Land of Oz. When the mystical kingdom of Ramathep is besieged by a monstrous army of Yaksa Clan, the faith of the kingdom lies in a young Muay Thai warrior determined to use a sacred weapon -the 9th Satra- to restore peace to the kingdom. Family / Adventure - Children and parents alike will love this captivating and charming version of the story of Noah's ark and the great flood, uniquely told from the animals' point of view. Vincent, a friendly young koala, tells others about his portentous dream that a dangerous flood is coming. When they only laugh at him in response, we see that in the animal kingdom there is much of the same cruelty and thoughtlessness that plagues humankind. But when Vincent finds Noah building his ark, he discovers new proof that his dream may come true! After an atomic explosion blasts the Moon out of Earth orbit, Moonbase Alpha drifts in space, with 300 people on board. When a rescue team from Earth arrives in a faster-than-light space ship, everyone is overjoyed that they can now return to Earth. But Moonbase Commander John Koenig, having undergone an experimental brain soothing process after receiving a concussion in a crash on the Lunar surface, sees not friends from Earth but gruesome monsters which have telepathically caused all others on Alpha to see an illusion of an Earth party. The aliens are desperate for radiation and plan to manipulate the Alphans into detonating nuclear waste on the Lunar surface, reducing the Moon and everyone on it to dust. Koenig must expose this conspiracy to save his people. Compiled from the two part episode The Bringers Of Wonder from the TV series Space: 1999's second series. All Might and Deku accept an invitation to go abroad to a floating and mobile manmade city, called 'I Island', where they research quirks as well as hero supplemental items at the special 'I Expo' convention that is currently being held on the island. During that time, suddenly, despite an iron wall of security surrounding the island, the system is breached by a villain, and the only ones able to stop him are the students of Class 1-A.  The movie for Non Non Biyori series, the story about the vacation trip. A Frozen Christmas 3: Party Time! will entertain kids with classic Christmas songs and delightful holiday music. Sing and dance to your favorite Christmas tunes! Fishtronaut, Marina and Zeek travel to the big city in search of Grandpa, only to find that everyone else has mysteriously vanished too. A beautiful girl, Snow White, takes refuge in the forest in the house of seven dwarfs to hide from her stepmother, the wicked Queen. The Queen is jealous because she wants to be known as "the fairest in the land," and Snow White's beauty surpasses her own. Part 2 of 6 for the final chapter of Girls und Panzer series. During WWII, a strong-willed 12-year-old boy tries to steer his vocationally and maritally confused father straight, at the same time striving to keep his honor while the gang in his new neighborhood bully him. After a sudden explosion at Edge of Ocean island in Tokyo, Toru Amuro, codename Zero, begins to investigate. Meanwhile, private eye Kogoro is arrested as a suspect, so Conan Edogawa conducts his own investigation to prove his innocence, but Amuro stands in his way. A cat named Blanket has long been living in a high-rise apartment in the city with his son, Cloak. One day, curious about the outside world, Cloak decides to leave home and embarks on an adventure to find the legendary cat's paradise. To find his son, Blanket must overcome his fear and reconcile with his past, with the help of a female Macaw. Mr. Freeze turns Killer Croc and Bane into super-sized monsters, and they bash their way through downtown Gotham until the Caped Crusader and his team of heroes join the fight in their giant robot mechs. "It's a Hard Truth Ain't It" is a companion piece to "O.G.", a narrative drama also directed by Madeleine Sackler. It is co-directed by thirteen men incarcerated at the Pendleton Correctional Facility in Pendleton, Indiana. Given unprecedented access to a maximum security prison, filmmaker Madeleine Sackler worked with a group of inmates to tell their own stories, giving rise to this collaborative, intimate documentary project. Norm and his oldest son travel back to New York to receive the key to the city. An inspiring documentary about a heroic gay Jewish sportsman who ended up in Auschwitz. It all starts when Duri lost his favorite sport car, "Ace". As Duri accidently drops Ace on the road while he's running, Rubby finds Ace while cleaning the street. Unfortunately,  Ace ends up in a recycling dump.  As Hana, Duri and Tayo rush to find Ace, he has already been taken away to the Land of Toys, where old and abandoned toys come to live without humans.  Will Duri be able to find Ace and bring him back? Will Hana be able to resolve her own memories?  Join us on a fun and exciting adventure! I came to Kota's house. Kota turns on the TV and annoys the city, but the features are disturbed. It happened near the house of the surprised Kota and Shota. Suffering. Kota and Shota finished hero's shake. When I spend my whole life like parallels ... A group of martian aliens invade earth, but they never expected mexicans to be immune to their multiple attacks. An emotionally immersive and visually poetic journey into the issue of Neonatal Abstinence Syndrome through the story of a woman who suffered from substance abuse disorder to Opioids and her child. A French hit man is hired by a crime family to end the life of a rival mobster, but things fall apart when the boss who hired him is killed.  Straddling the line between graphic novel and animation, Phallaina tells the story of Audrey, a young girl who suffers from hallucinatory fits. When Audrey undergoes medical tests, a neurologist discovers that she has an anomalous cerebral structure that enables her to hold her breath for long periods of time. This story of personal transformation in which mythology meets cognitive sciences is the first scrolling comic strip. The story follows Allahyar, a young and mischievous boy who ends up dealing with circumstances he never thought possible. The movie aims to shed light on the preservation and illegal hunting of wildlife.  Earth is peaceful following the Tournament of Power. Realizing that the universes still hold many more strong people yet to see, Goku spends all his days training to reach even greater heights. Then one day, Goku and Vegeta are faced by a Saiyan called 'Broly' who they've never seen before. The Saiyans were supposed to have been almost completely wiped out in the destruction of Planet Vegeta, so what's this one doing on Earth? This encounter between the three Saiyans who have followed completely different destinies turns into a stupendous battle, with even Frieza (back from Hell) getting caught up in the mix. Behman Mahmoudi has been known as the first "teenage martyr" in the war between Iran and Iraq. When Iraq's army began the invasion to Khormashahr, he along with people of the city tried to resist. Shin-chan is all set to challenge Kung Fu in the Chinatown of Kasukabe city, known as Aiya Town.  He and the Kasukabe Defence Force are going to put up a totally no-stunt Kung Fu challenge on the stage. Following a fall during mistletoe picking, Druid Getafix decides that it is time to secure the future of the village. Accompanied by Asterix and Obelix, he undertakes to travel the Gallic world in search of a talented young druid to transmit the Secret of the Magic Potion. Humanity's desperate battle to reclaim the Earth from Godzilla continues. The key to defeating the King of the Monsters may be Mechagodzilla, a robotic weapon thought to have been lost nearly 20,000 years ago. Frustrated with his pals, Briar joins a traveling circus, where new friends and fame keep the homesickness away... for a while. After a mysterious school opens across the street, the students of Super Hero High find themselves up against a new threat. Now, Wonder Woman, Supergirl, Batgirl and the rest of the DC Super Hero Girls not only have to worry about the well-being of their grades, but the safety and security of friends, family and the rest of civilization. The girls must figure out how to put a stop to this evil, new cross-town rival and save the world once again Nono, a Dutch kid lacking two days being thirteen, runs away from problems at home and, disguised as a girl, takes up with the world's cleverest thief, who unbeknownst to Nono, may hold the bizarre key to his true identity. A group of friends get trapped at a baby shower when a mysterious outbreak starts turning people into homicidal maniacs. Find your Wild Style and come on a totally Pawesome adventure to Pawville to meet the Shoppets. When famous movie stars, Scarletta Gateau and Rubie Blaze recruit the Shopville gang to save the Shoppets, they journey through the jungle and find the amazing world of Pawville. But Pawville and the Shoppets definitely don't need saving and suddenly nothing Scarletta says is as it seems. What's going on? Can the Shopkins, Shoppies and Shoppets rally together to solve the mystery? Find your tribe and get ready for a Wild adventure like no other. A fourth-grader investigates the mysterious reason behind the sudden appearance of penguins in his village, which is somehow related to a power from a young woman working at a dental clinic. The Cat in the Hat joins Nick and Sally who are exploring the backyard when something extraordinary finds them-a flying robotic dog. The robot lands and does some exploring of his own, gulping up rock samples and photographing the Cat, Nick, Sally, and Fish before blasting off back into space. What was that thing? Where did it come from? Where is it going? The Cat in the Hat fires up his Space-ama-racer and whisks Nick, Sally and Fish off on a cosmic adventure in search of the robot. Together, they survive a dust storm on the surface of Mars, rocket through an asteroid belt, and then narrowly escape being sucked into Jupiter by its huge gravitational pull. Ultimately, they hitch a ride on a comet that leads them all safely back to the Space Station, along with plenty of space samples, and stories and even a small souvenir that follows The Cat in the Hat and our crew back to Earth. It's a Bird-Day Bash in the jungle and your favorite Jungle Book characters want to share the fun with you! Help Mowgli, Darzee and Cheel save the day and celebrate with Mowgli as he officially becomes a real wolf! The story is based on Robert Louis Stevenson's Treasure Island novel. The "Amazon Livestock Project," a mysterious care facility, the Amazon extermination organization 4C (Competitive Creatures Control Center) pursuing Haruka Misuzawa . . . all come together in a tale of symbiosis and competition; the mortal combat between the carnivore and herbivore. And, finally, an end to the troubles and conflicts of the Riders, two beings confronting a fierce fate. Every year the citizens of Fura City celebrate a Wind Festival. Where people live together with the wind. Long Ago, on the final day of the festival the Legendary Pokemon Lugia and bestow the blessings of the wind upon the people. This Film Focuses on Everyone's Story. from Lisa, a high school girl who is just starting out as a Pokemon trainer, to Karachi, a guy who can't stop lying to Torito, a researcher who lacks confidence in himself, to Hisui, an old lady who hates touching Pokemon, and Rarugo, a mysterious young girl who watches over the forest by herself. A young girl and an old man are the only ones in a village who believe the old stories about dragons, and then a dragon arrives. A special sequel anime for Free! to screen in Fall 2017. The story of some senior high school students in a Chinese village, their dreams, friendships and romances. How can a few crucial minutes in a football match change the life of an entire family? How do the "men in black" feel when they are attacked by supporters? Kill the Referee unveils the lives of several professional football referees at the EURO 2008 championship; amongst them, the English referee Howard Webb, who provoked incredible controversy when he gave a penalty to Austria just before the end of the match with Poland, and the Italian Roberto Rosetti, who refereed the final. A whimsical house goes up for sale. Who will buy it? And who created it? Three different stories of youth set in different cities of China.  1 Shanghai Love.  2 Sunny Breakfast.  3 Small Fashion Show.  Directed by Zhenxing Yi, the plot revolves around a young man working in Beijing. He used to live with his grandma in his less developed hometown Hunan. While he is drown in his childhood reminiscence, he receives an unexpected call - Grandma is in critical condition. A young art student from Switzerland arrives for six months in Tel Aviv. Through drawing he will learn to analyse, understand and open himself to this contrasted environment. Voiced in Hindi, this animated fantasy-adventure follows Chinku, a curious young boy from modern-day Mumbai, as he finds a magical book with mystical powers that transport him to the time of Alibaba and the 41 thieves. Yoshiaki Nishimura discusses Studio Ponoc's founding, their creative principles and the inspiration behind their three "Modest Heroes" shorts. Determined to stop drinking, Joseph moves into a friend's house and convinces his ex-wife Emma to join him. In the troubled times of Quebec independence referendum, this is the account of their stormy reunion. A powerful king nearly lost his family due to the Snow Queen's evil deeds. He finds a way to ban all the magic from the world - all the possessors of magic powers are now trapped in Mirrorlands. The only one who can stop him and keep the fairy-tale in our world is Gerda - as her own biggest power is not magic but her faith in kindness and friendship. In Gerda's new adventures, she will be helped by trolls, pirates and even the Snow Queen herself. When a zombie named Euphrosyne awakens after a century-long slumber, she finds herself coming face-to-face with a group of five university students - a stand-off that leads to a bloody battle for all concerned, revolving around a secret stone hidden in the depths of the campus' archives. Tito is a shy 10-year-old boy who lives with his mother. Suddenly, an unusual epidemic starts to spread, making people sick whenever they get scared. Tito quickly discovers that the cure is somehow related to his missing father's research on bird song. He embarks on a journey to save the world from the epidemic with his friends. Tito's search for the antidote becomes a quest for his missing father and for his own identity. Loosely following a traditional Passover Seder, events from the Book of Exodus are retold by Moses, Aharon, the Angel of Death, Jesus, and the director's own father. But there's another side to this story: that of the Goddess, humankind's original deity. Seder-Masochism resurrects the Great Mother in a tragic struggle against the forces of Patriarchy. 12-year-old Oriko Seki, who lost her parents in a car accident, ended up living in her grandmother's Onsen Ryokan "Haru no Ya." With the ghost "Uribou" cohabitating with her and all the other odds, she ended up training to be a young female innkeeper. At first, she didn't like the training, but gradually felt her admiration for her title and began to train seriously. Thus, the growth of the young warrior Oriko begins.  Power users around the world are suddenly committing suicide one after another, in all cases after a strange fog appears at the scene. At a request from Ango Sakaguchi, the Armed Detective Agency head out to investigate Tatsuhiko Shibusawa, a power user who calls himself "collector," and a man suspected of being tied to the incident. In the rural outskirts of Gaza City a small community of farmers, the Samouni extended family, is about to celebrate a wedding. It's going to be the first celebration since the latest war. Amal, Fuad, their brothers and cousins have lost their parents, their houses and their olive trees. The neighborhood where they live is being rebuilt. As they replant trees and plow fields, they face their most difficult task: piecing together their own memory. Through these young survivors' recollections, Samouni Road conveys a deep, multifaceted portrait of a family before, during and after the tragic event that changed its life forever. An old farm dog recounts the true tale of Old Bet, the elephant at the start of the American circus. Their mournful melody is hand-crafted using painterly clay-on-glass and oil pastel animation. In the spirit realm, Oogway fights against a bull adversary named Kai, who has defeated all the other kung fu masters in the realm and taken their chi. Oogway too is ensnared and has his chi stolen, but warns Kai that the Dragon Warrior, Po, will stop him. Kai takes this as a challenge to steal the Dragon Warrior's chi and returns to the mortal realm. Meanwhile, Master Shifu announces his retirement from teaching and passes the role of teacher to Po. An initially excited Po realizes that teaching kung fu is not as easy as anticipated, and the Furious Five are injured as a result. Po is demoralized because of his failure, but Shifu advises Po that instead of trying to be a teacher, he should try to be himself. Po returns home where he meets a panda, Li Shan, whom they both realize is his long-lost biological father. They quickly bond with each other, much to the jealousy of Po's adoptive father, Mr. Ping. Dive into Pondemonium for a whole new adventure! Joe and all your favorite pond critters are back. When Bartle Bee and Cosmo get into a heap of trouble, it's up to the whole pond to come together to help save the day. In the end, the most important thing is love and friendship. When General Hotdog assembles his new pup recruits BooBear and Piper to learn all there is to know about the fascinating world of dogs, the two pups jump in their planes and go for a amazing learning adventure around the globe guided by their know-it-all friend Scuzzy Bot. When Gumdrop and Vroomer, the latest members of the Plane Scout crew, are sent on a mission by commander Gumdrop, they take off on the greatest adventure of their lives. As they fly high in the clouds, they meet a genius robot that helps them learn all there is to know about amazing planes! When space explorers Nick and Sammy are sent on a mission they race against time to save Earth's creatures and learn valuable lessons along the way. Turn your house into a Halloween haunted house party with Haunted Transylvania 2! Sing along and dance all night in this fun Halloween celebration for kids of all ages. Spend some time with the dancing Mummy, do the wave with Frankenstein and jump around with Dracula! I's the Halloween event you do not want to miss! The Star Paws team is back and this time the entire galaxy is at stake! When an evil cat named Marlon Butterpaws makes plans to destroy the universe, it's up to an elite space dog team known as Star Paws to find and stop Butterpaws and save the world! Join the inhabitants of the most magical place in the forest: the Marsh! Jump into the Marsha and into a world of adventure! During the early years of the Republic era, in the North-East region of China, the people are suffering from the power struggle among the local Warlords, bandits, and Japanese invaders. Warlord Lam (Sammo Hung), is not a leader of great vision, but stands firm in his own beliefs. The only paradise within the region is 'Lucky Town', the one place where no one dared to attack as it was protected by the seven kung fu masters who have resided there. When young patriots, Yan Fang (Rose Chan) who disguised herself as a man, and Howard Luo (Dennis To), infiltrate Tiger's Den at night trying to steal the code book fail in their mission and tries to run, only Yan survives and is rescued by Cheryl. Mistaking Yan as a man, Cheryl falls for Yan. She then brings Yan to Lucky Town and begs the Seven Masters to cure Yan. Cheryl and the Seven Masters are then told of the secret plan by the Japanese, and together, they resolve to fight against Tiger Den and save Warlord Lam. A series of events leading up to the final confrontation between Rama and Ravana. During the battle, Rama and Lakshmana are captured by Mahiravana, an evil sorcerer who is the brother and ally of Ravana. Two dysfunctional couples rent a modern luxury desert home for the weekend hoping to sort out their messed-up lives. Just as they are about to settle in for a fun night, a neighbour turns up at their front door saying she has car trouble. And that's when the murderous trouble really starts. Because without knowing it, the four friends have landed slap-bang in the wrong violent place at precisely the wrong bloody time. Hopefully your nerves of steel will hold for one of the most stylish, atmospheric and terror-filled home invasion horrors of them all. Richard attempts to come to terms with the fact that his wife, Lisa, had an affair while on a trip to France, and thus, is reluctant to conceive a child with her. As Lisa looks forward to moving on, their new neighbors' daughter might make that a difficult endeavor. The special bond that develops between plus-sized inflatable robot Baymax, and prodigy Hiro Hamada, who team up with a group of friends to form a band of high-tech heroes. With no means for defeating Godzilla Earth, mankind watches as King Ghidorah, clad in a golden light, descends on the planet. The heavens and earth shake once again as the war moves to a higher dimension. If there's one thing this wild group of friends at an all-girls high school has learned, it's how to get what they want! So when word leaks out that their school is about to merge with an all-boys academy, some of the students strike back... and the girls wage an all-out assault in an outrageous battle of the sexes! An animated documentary about a woman who turns into a castle based on Oliver Sacks Case study. A troll named Leaf and his sidekick, Bellyrumble, set out on an epic journey to save the imprisoned King Basil, and gain the love of a lonely princess. Following an end-of-term school ceremony, the American boy Bobby decides to go with his friend Akkun into the mountains outside their village, to a place perfect for a secret base. On the way they stop into a mysterious amusement park. They have fun there, but are attacked and cannot leave. Falling in with some other children who are also lost there, they fend off a number of attacks, and gradually learn the truth behind the facility.  A politician's campaign manager (Speakman) discovers that the candidate (Shatner) is a front for a military organization plotting a political overthrow of the government. In trying to expose the candidate's right-wing activities, he puts himself and his family in danger of being killed. Written by John Sacksteder  A Frozen Christmas 3: Party Time! will entertain kids with classic Christmas songs and delightful holiday music. Sing and dance to your favorite Christmas tunes! When the villainous space moose, Tar Tar the Third, unveils a new secret weapon with awesome powers, The Space Guardians reunite to battle the baddest bad guy yet, and save the universe! The peaceful Kingdom of the Wee Dragons is plunged into turmoil, when villainous Blister teams with fearsome dragon Durwyn, to overthrow King Bedwyr and force his daughter, Princess Cai, to marry the evil goblin, King Foul. Noble dragon Boil, along with his sidekick Big Gurt, journeys through time and space, meeting magical friends and foes alike, in a desperate effort to free the king, restore the land, and win the heart of the princess. Ritsuka Tachibana. She lives a calm and unchanging life. Ritsuka's older brother Lindo returns from studying abroad in the United Kingdom. Shikou Academy student council president Rem Kaginuki calls on the girl, and she begins having mysterious encounters with the student council members. Her life changed a little from that day, but Ritsuka expected nothing more.  However, she comes home to find her mother collapsed with suspicious hooded men nearby. They were not human but devils, vampires, and exorcists seeking the Forbidden Grimoire. Ritsuka's former daily life crumbles around her, and she finds herself slowly becoming attracted to Rem, who helps her in her predicament. On the other hand, confusion deepens with regard to her brother who carries a secret. Ritsuka is unsure what path to choose as she finds herself at the center of a love story.  (Source: ANN) Join Ruby and friends on four fun-filled pirate adventures: Countdown Repeat, Negative, All That Glitters, and The Honor of the Pirate. Inspired by the world of Playmobil(r) toys, embark on a series of adventures with the Super 4 as they travel through the wider Playmobil(r) universes. Whether it be a sci-fi futuristic world, a magical fairy world, a world of pirates, or a world of medieval knights, the adventures are never ending. A Wall Street investment banker who has been set up as the linchpin of his company's mob-backed Ponzi scheme is relocated with his family to Aunt Madea's southern home. The greatest horror film ever made. As you've never experienced it before. NOSFERATU RE-ANIMATED  The Prince of Kiev decided to appoint an heir to the throne, only bad luck - who could it be? A relative, friend of the family or maybe an overseas princess? Without thinking twice, the Prince-Father chooses almost a princess, and most importantly a relative - his niece Zabava. Today, she and her husband, Elisha (do you remember the faithful student of Dobryni Nikitich?), Receive her education in faraway Constantinople, where the treacherous Vasileus rules. In order to return the heiress to her native lands, three heroes are sent in a hurry, and, of course, the main court horse, Julius.  The film's story will deal with Misono Alicein's past.  Nachan and his friends were spending peaceful days when Dr.Franklin call out them to Triforce. Nachan, Isobel and Bandain undertake an important assignment, which is to educate new mechanimals born in the lab. Wing knight, Wing leo, High tero and Master leads four sacred mechanimals. They have to track and tame newer, stronger mechanimals. However Bandain challenge Nachan to an unexpected duel.  The episode will focus on the young Zeon ace Char Aznable earning his "Red Comet" nom de guerre, as well as the beginnings of the Federation's "Project V" weapons project that will eventually birth the RX-78-2 Gundam. This lost film from Bengali filmmaker Hiralal Sen is sometimes considered the first feature-length film in Indian history. It recorded a full two-hour performance of the play Alibaba and the Forty Thieves, but was only ever screened in parts. Super Bao, an innocent and passionate steamed stuffed bun, goes through untold hardships and finally grows into a great hero who saves the food world. "An engineering graduate of Yale University, Theodore Case assisted Lee de Forest in developing sound-on-film called "Phonofilm." Falling out with de Forest, Case and associate E.I. Sponable then built a laboratory behind Case's family home in Auburn, New York, where they developed their own optical sound film system. Sold to William Fox, it was commercially exploited as "Movietone" with sensational results." --David Shepard The longest day of the year in Neverland has finally arrived. Festivities are being organized by the Red Skins and celebrations are underway. To get the best of the day filled with fun and folly, the traditional Pichipock games have been organized for the lost boys, Native Tribes, Peter, Tinker bell and the darling family. Tired of defeats, Captain Hook realizes that the longest day could turn in his favor, and comes up with a web of wicked plans to make Peter and his friends surrender. He decides to tamper with the dangers lurking in cursed swamps and the golden temple. A THOUSAND DAYS OF SOLITUDE is a tense dramatic story about a prison correctional guard who witnesses a suicide in solitary confinement and experiences moral strife when the warden bullies him to confine yet another prisoner to 'the hole' - left with a decision, obey the warden's protocol or fight it.    YUGO, KRATKA AUTOBIOGRAFIJA is a half-hour fictional documentary film that, through the fates of different people, tries to illuminate the phenomenon of the YUGO car, a cute outsider of small capacities but big ambitions, in the period between 1980 and 2008, when it was manufactured. The film combines statements from authentic workers that were involved in the production of Yugo, archives, along with the reconstruction of different fragments from the Yugo's history which portray him both as a family and a thug's car, as a part of the great American Dream, or as a symbol of betrayed expectations. This film is a small 'commemorative' review of the history of an automobile that for a long time symbolised, in a jocular and veritable way, sometimes even by accident, the times in which he was manufactured. The film is about the childhood of Lord Ganesh. The film covers a) Lord Ganesh's birth and b) The story behind Lord Ganesh's voracious appetite which recalls the incident of Lord Kubera inviting Lord Shiva and Goddess Parvathi for a feast and the consequential events Larry the Reindeer thinks he can fill Santa's shoes, but he's about to get more than he bargained for! When Mighty Bunion, the wicked wizard, casts a spell causing Larry to switch places with Santa, the future of Christmas rests on one simple-minded reindeer's hooves! Santa's number one elf, Benny, and three of his trusty reindeer fleet - Tinker, Terry, and Barry - set out to search for their missing boss and rescue their favorite holiday from disaster! With the clock ticking down to Christmas Eve, these North Pole heroes brave a snowy wonderland of friends and foes alike in a race against time to rescue the world's most famous sleigh-driver! Mexican, Short Film, Drama A new skyscraper is being built in New York City, and numerous workmen are busy at hazardous jobs high above the ground. When one of the workers, Dago Pete, deliberately starts a fight, he is immediately fired. But the discharged worker soon comes up with a plan to commit a robbery and get even. His scheme could affect the lives of several others.  A burnt-out British spy becomes the recipient of tapes implicating senior MI-6 officers in some light treason. Before he even knows what he has, most of his office has already been killed.  On a quest for insect paradise, a courageous ladybug scales new heights for bug-kind, riding on a jet plane, and descaling a giant lizard.   Klara, a young city-calf, dreams of becoming a big star. One day she receives a letter from her father, Mosk, who wants her to visit his farm. Her mom says Mosk is a rock star, but when Clara arrives, she discovers her father is only a regular apple pie farmer. A suicidal Japanese girl gets a lesson in Taiwanese history from the spirit of former Chinese leader Lee Teng-hui. With a rich variety of techniques, this experimental documentary recreates the career of actor Paul Lynde, who played some of Hanna-Barbera's greatest villains. Pipe Dreams is a 1976 film starring soul singer Gladys Knight in her acting debut as a woman who attempts to regain the love of her husband played by real-life spouse Barry Hankerson. In this drama, her husband must choose between reuniting with her or giving in to pressure of the local boss. An orphaned dinosaur raised by lemurs joins an arduous trek to a sancturary after a meteorite shower destroys his family home.  A humorous account of the origins of the nation of Belgium and of the pivotal role of its first king, Leopold. On a Greek island during the 1912 war, several people are trapped by quarantine for the plague. If that isn't enough worry, one of the people, a superstitious old peasant, suspects a young woman of being a vampiric kind of demon called a vorvolaka. Zoetrope is a haunting and surreal film set in an apocalyptic, decaying world. Based on Franz Kafka's "In the Penal Colony", a man is imprisoned for an unnamed crime and tortured by a nameless sadistic bureaucrat. As the chilling nightmare unfolds, the prisoner peels away the layers of his own metaphysical existence, inching ever closer to his inescapable fate. Two toy bears and their adventures. When a team of explorers ventures into the catacombs that lie beneath the streets of Paris, they uncover the dark secret that lies within this city of the dead. Gatchaman, Polymar, Tekkaman and Casshern join forces for a new fight. This time, Joe Asakura also returns. Is he a friend or a foe?  The alarm has sounded and the Pontypandy crew is off to rescue their friends and others in need. From engine sparks and wild fireworks to water rescue and more, you won't want to miss these adventures with your favorite hero, Fireman Sam! Sgt. Chuch Brennan always disliked playboy and hotshot, Col. Jim Herlihy. Now Chuck has even more reason to, Jim is dating his daughter, Lois. Traveling in search of the rare ingredient, "sky fish"  Meliodas and Hawk arrive at a palace that floats above the clouds. The people there are busy preparing a ceremony, meant to protect their home from a ferocious beast that awakens once every 3,000 years. But before the ritual is complete, the Six Knights of Black--a Demon Clan army--removes the seal on the beast, threatening the lives of everyone in the Sky Palace.  No overview found. 13 years ago, suddenly one part of Tokyo broke off and began to float in the sky. Tokyo was separated into "Old Tokyo" as the part that was floating in the air, and "New Tokyo," the part that stayed on the ground. Communication and interaction between the two Tokyos was impossible, and years passed. One day, a young girl perceives that Old Tokyo will fall back down to the ground, and she sets out on the perilous path from from Old Tokyo to New Tokyo to save the citizens from the impending crisis. Tells a story about a group of special unit force led by Roslan, who has been trying to bring down a robbery gang led by a guy named Asyraff. The criminal underworld is buzzing with double-crosses, lies and greed as the prized jewel, The Eye of Amun-Ra, is passed around the city. Can our heroes find the diamond and could even their own fate be entwined with its mysterious curse. Which leaves the tantalizing question... who really should Beware the Eye of Amun-Ra? A lion decides that a new king shall take on the reins of Azad Nagar when he retires. When he retires a donkey is chosen as the king of Azad Nagar. The fourth movie in the Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha franchise, a continuation of Reflection. 1970's pop culture icons Danny Bonaduce and Barry Williams face off in the hunt for the legendary mountain creature. An all-new documentary celebrating the legacy of the holiday specials created by Arthur Rankin, Jr. and Jules Bass including interviews with filmmakers and historians. Space Bear is sent to Earth to construct and detonate his invention the Love Bomb in order to stop a destructive black cloud of negativity emanating from the planet.  Two young men confront their sexuality while waiting for their dinner to arrive. No overview found. The Zharkov family-father, mother and two young sons-belong to the Dolgan community, one of the last indigenous peoples pursuing their traditional nomadic life in the extreme north of Siberia. The children used to be sent to boarding school, where they became estranged from their family and culture, but nowadays they can get homeschooling from teachers assigned to them by the Russian authorities. Seven-year-old Zakhar and his older brother Prokopy are the protagonists in this calm, observational film. Zakhar's first year of schooling is with Nelly, a young but serious teacher. She tells him about President Putin and the importance of mathematics, and he learns classical poems by heart. For hundreds of years, holiday genies have united to bring Christmas magic to the children of the world. However, this year a selfish ex-genie is determined to become the all-powerful Christmas Genie by stealing all the magic for himself. Now, it is up to a smart but reclusive elf to stop his evil plan and save Christmas for everyone. A 91 years old carpenter, who is still in completely good health, has to fight developers who are trying to force him to sell his land. By 2017, the global economy has collapsed and American society has become a totalitarian police state, censoring all cultural activity. The government pacifies the populace by broadcasting a number of game shows in which convicted criminals fight for their lives, including the gladiator-style The Running Man, hosted by the ruthless Damon Killian, where "runners" attempt to evade "stalkers" and certain death for a chance to be pardoned and set free. The morning after his high school graduation ceremony, Araragi goes to the bathroom to wash his face but is struck by the sensation that his reflection is watching him. Touching the mirror, Araragii's hand passes straight through and he is sucked into a mysterious world.   This is going to be the best holiday ever. Coconut The Little Dragon is thrilled about going to summer camp with his best friends Oscar and Matilda. But due to wild Water Dragons and carnivorous plants, the adventure he wished for turns out tougher than expected.  Shrek Retold. Shrek Retold is a fan-made retelling of the first Shrek movie. Each separate scene is individually made by one or two different people. Mediums used include live-action, flash animation, Lego-mation, computer-animation, and much more. While trick-or-treating, Francine meets an elderly woman with a very mysterious past; Binky finds himself at Mr. Ratburn's amazing haunted house; and Arthur, Buster and Ladonna fear the tree house may be haunted. Crisanto and Dolores' marriage is going through a rough patch. Going through a marital crisis, a couple's marriage is tested when Crisanto is diagnosed with early-onset Alzheimer's disease as Dolores sinks deeper into depression. Paglisan tells the story of how a married couple attempt to survive together through fading memories and fleeting identities. Miser Ebenezer Scrooge is awakened on Christmas Eve by spirits who reveal to him his own miserable existence, what opportunities he wasted in his youth, his current cruelties, and the dire fate that awaits him if he does not change his ways. Scrooge is faced with his own story of growing bitterness and meanness, and must decide what his own future will hold: death or redemption. Bikes vs Cars depicts a global crisis that we all deep down know we need to talk about: Climate, earth's resources, cities where the entire surface is consumed by the car. An ever-growing, dirty, noisy traffic chaos. The bike is a great tool for change, but the powerful interests who gain from the private car invest billions each year on lobbying and advertising to protect their business. In the film we meet activists and thinkers who are fighting for better cities, who refuse to stop riding despite the increasing number killed in traffic.  Larry the Reindeer thinks he can fill Santa's shoes, but he's about to get more than he bargained for! When Mighty Bunion, the wicked wizard, casts a spell causing Larry to switch places with Santa, the future of Christmas rests on one simple-minded reindeer's hooves! Santa's number one elf, Benny, and three of his trusty reindeer fleet - Tinker, Terry, and Barry - set out to search for their missing boss and rescue their favorite holiday from disaster! With the clock ticking down to Christmas Eve, these North Pole heroes brave a snowy wonderland of friends and foes alike in a race against time to rescue the world's most famous sleigh-driver! Amin has come from Senegal to work in France, leaving behind his wife Aicha, and their three children. He leads a solitary life in France, where the only space he occupies is his home and the building sites on which he works. Most of his earnings are sent to Senegal. One day, he meets a woman, Gabrielle, and a relationship is born. Bamse's friends go on a quest to find the Thunderbell, the ingredient that makes Bamse strong. Meanwhile, the sly Reinard pretends to be a good guy to supplant Bamse as the hero of the town and win the affections of Mickelina. A young man who lives in Xiaoyanggang dreams of martyrdom, but he is blind and can only sneak into the market by swindling. One day, Rakshasa attacked Xiaoyanggang, and his mother, who was dependent on him, suddenly disappeared. Lang Ming had to embark on the road of finding the truth. After a wave of unrest, ancient gods and beasts are in danger, and the legendary chivalrous also appear before them. Lang Ming embarks on a journey of adventure that will change his life... U.C. 0097, one year after the opening of "Laplace's Box".  Despite the revelation of the Universal Century Charter that acknowledges the existence and rights of Newtypes, the framework of the world has not been greatly altered.  The conflict later dubbed the "Laplace Incident" is thought to have ended with the downfall of the Neo Zeon remnants known as the Sleeves. In its final battle, two full psycho-frame mobile suits displayed power beyond human understanding. The white unicorn and the black lion were sealed away to remove this danger from people's consciousness, and they should now be completely forgotten.  However, the RX-0 Unicorn Gundam 03, which disappeared two years earlier, is now about to show itself in the Earth Sphere once more. A golden phoenix... named Phenex. The kids are going about their lives like other children, at times finding it difficult to control their powers. It is only during a school trip when they run into the mysterious circus performer, Erma , that things start to heat up. A teenager called Li Li, always got the same dream. In the dream, she falls in love with a scholar. She finds satisfaction in the dream whereas she feels disillusion in the reality and led her became insane. Accidentally, she saw the scholar in an advertisement. American tycoon George Harrison, his beautiful wife, Mona, and deep-sea diver Jeff Clark are off the coast of Africa hoping to salvage a fortune in diamonds at the bottom of the sea near the voodoo-haunted island of Mora Tau, and are joined by an English girl named Jan. The treasure is reported to be guarded by Zombies, walking dead-men doomed to roam the earth until men stop trying to find the sacred treasure. Here, they are walking the sea-bottom, and there is a large conflict of interest between them and the treasure-seekers.  Two teenagers, she is an orphan hen and  a reggaeton music lover and he is the son of a champion fighting-cock ,they will live an adventure in which they will not only learn to accept themselves but will also give a great lesson in tolerance and nonviolence. Fan created sequel to Zootopia (2016) Second of three films compiling the "Code Geass: Hangyaku no Lelouch" TV anime. When evil M steals the water from Buenaventura and kidnaps Sara, Samuel and his friends board the powerful Knowledge Engine to set out on a dangerous adventure of epic proportions that will lead them to a distant and deadly world called Antares. Chan Wing Yan, a young police officer, has been sent undercover as a mole in the local mafia. Lau Kin Ming, a young mafia member, infiltrates the police force. Years later, their older counterparts, Chen Wing Yan and Inspector Lau Kin Ming, respectively, race against time to expose the mole within their midst. Aleksandar Zograf, a renowned cartoonist discovers an unusual comic book from World War II. The comic's hero is Kaktus Kid - a small cactus trapped in his pot. Intrigued, Zograf investigates into the life of Kaktus Kid's creator - little known artist Veljko Kockar. He soon discovers that Kockar was arrested just after the liberation of Belgrade in 1944. He was charged for being a Gestapo agent and executed. Zograf's investigation reveals a far more complex story: Kockar's identity and artistic works were stolen, he possibly has an affair with the girlfriend of a guerilla soldier and he drew anti-communist propaganda for the Nazis. As he explores the story and pieces together the scraps of evidence 70 years after it happened Zograf is faced with his own personal and artistic dilemmas: why do these little drawings have such power to give consolation but also lead to violence? A meditation on the passing of time, on a film that was never completed, upon Bazin's death, on restoration and the future of ruins and on modern-day life that continues in resonance with the old stones. Set during the Heian Period, Kyo is a beautiful city that is proud of its glory. Two beautiful onmyouji meet, and the sad and short-lived beautiful cherry blossom starts to stir after 1000 years. This is the third and final part of a 3-part theatrical film remake of the first 2 seasons of the parent anime. This is the story of how Ash and Pikachu first met. At first, Pikachu was disobedient towards Ash, but Ash only wanted to be friends with Pikachu. On the day they set out from Pallet Town, both of them saw a Ho-Oh flying and they made a vow to meet it.  