Scandals and pratfalls abound in this satirical and sexy look at the silent movie era. With Jennifer Tilly, Debi Mazar, and Tippi Hedren. The true story of Assis Chateaubriand, the first magnate of communications in Brazil. Due to his influence during the late 1930s up to the early 1960s, he has come to be called 'the Brazilian Citizen Kane'. This film is based on the actual events that took place in 1971 when Stanford professor Dr. Philip Zimbardo created what became one of the most shocking and famous social experiments of all time. The revealing story of the 16th US President's tumultuous final months in office. In a nation divided by war and the strong winds of change, Lincoln pursues a course of action designed to end the war, unite the country and abolish slavery. With the moral courage and fierce determination to succeed, his choices during this critical moment will change the fate of generations to come. The powerful story of Jackie Robinson, the legendary baseball player who broke Major League Baseball's color barrier when he joined the roster of the Brooklyn Dodgers. The film follows the innovative Dodgers' general manager Branch Rickey, the MLB executive who first signed Robinson to the minors and then helped to bring him up to the show. Compelled by the inheritance of a mysterious box of letters, American aesthete Felix Pfeifle begins the journey of a lifetime to reach the source of the correspondence: the last heir of the Holy Roman Emperors, aging Archduke Otto von Habsburg. The quest takes Felix across America , over the Atlantic and beyond. But time is running out on another end--Felix's father is dying of Huntington's Disease, an incurable genetic disease that Felix has a fifty percent chance of developing. Ultimately, FELIX AUSTRIA! is a universal story about a person's life-defining passions, fears, and triumphs when one dares to dream. The story of the late jazz musician and classical pianist Nina Simone including her rise to fame and relationship with her manager Clifton Henderson. An eighteen year old high school drop out and his twenty-seven year old friend start trafficking marijuana across the border of Canada in order to make money and their lives are changed forever. Growing up poor in Madras, India, Srinivasa Ramanujan Iyengar earns admittance to Cambridge University during WWI, where he becomes a pioneer in mathematical theories with the guidance of his professor, G.H. Hardy. Loosely based on the true-life tale of Ron Woodroof, a drug-taking, women-loving, homophobic man who in 1986 was diagnosed with HIV/AIDS and given thirty days to live. An exploration of the life and music of Miles Davis. The savage murders of three young children sparks a controversial trial of three teenagers accused of killing the kids as part of a satanic ritual. When Gerda Wegener asks her husband Einar to fill in as a portrait model, Einar discovers the person she's meant to be and begins living her life as Lili Elbe. Having realized her true self and with Gerda's love and support, Lili embarks on a groundbreaking journey as a transgender pioneer. A heightened homage to the City of Angels, Electric Slide riffs on the real-life story of Eddie Dodson, the notorious "Gentleman Bank Robber." With a debonair sophistication and a serious talent for flirt, Dodson managed to lure money from mesmerized female tellers at over 60 banks during an epic spree in the 1980s. Cal Weaver is living the American dream. He has a good job, a beautiful house, great children and a beautiful wife, named Emily. Cal's seemingly perfect life unravels, however, when he learns that Emily has been unfaithful and wants a divorce. Over 40 and suddenly single, Cal is adrift in the fickle world of dating. Enter, Jacob Palmer, a self-styled player who takes Cal under his wing and teaches him how to be a hit with the ladies. HITCHCOCK follows the relationship between director Alfred Hitchcock and his wife Alma Reville during the making of his most famous film, PSYCHO, and the trials and tribulations the director faced from Hollywood censors. A New York stockbroker refuses to cooperate in a large securities fraud case involving corruption on Wall Street, corporate banking world and mob infiltration. Based on Jordan Belfort's autobiography. The life story of Brazilian football legend, Pele. The film is about the life and death of the outstanding playwright Alexander Vampilov. Life and death, which reflected the era. The two most important meanings are connected in this story. The fate of a simple provincial man who chooses the path of the artist and the love of their native places. "Agaton &amp; Mindy" tells the story of two young dancers from different background. Mindy (Louise De Los Reyes) is from rich family and suffers from depression. Agaton (Chase Vega) is from poor family and is searching for his mother (Dina Bonnevie) who abandoned him while he was a young child.  Both meet in a dance class handled by Tanya Dolokhov (Cherie Gil) who pairs them up in a dance recital. A brilliant and devotional teacher, Tanya encourages her students to tap into their wild sides for inspiration, and this is also the time when their romance blossoms... (filmasia.blogspot.com) After the end of the three major campaigns, the situation in China has undergone fundamental changes. Before the Kuomintang forces withdrew from Peiping, they adopted a series of psychological policies for the literary and art circles, hoping that they would also leave Beiping together. The leaders of the Communist Party of China, such as Mao Zedong, who was far away from Xibaipo, also paid great attention to the people of the literary and art circles in Beijing. They sent Tian Han and other comrades to appease and sympathize. The Kuomintang and the Communist Party launched a silent war against the literary and art circles.  With the death of their mother, two sisters (Nona and Cressy) return to their childhood home in Northern Australia where their third sister, Mae, lived looking after their mother. The funeral happens and the three find themselves together in the house for the first time in years. With time to talk, drink and fight, past hurts are revealed and family secrets come out. The doctor of the King of Portugal was so good in his hospital practice, that after his death both King and country peasants worshiped him - to this day, 120 years later. <<My grandmother had a strength and a love for life so great that led me to believe that some of us are able to escape death and become immortal.>> Ruivo's film is made of many different times and records about a sweet ghost that has left. "Loro", in two parts, is a period movie that chronicles, as a fiction story, events likely happened in Italy (or even made up) between 2006 and 2010.  "Loro" wants to suggest in portraits and glimps, through a composite constellation of characters, a moment in history, now definitively ended, which can be described in a very summary picture of the events as amoral, decadent but extraordinarily alive.  Additionally, "Loro" wishes to tell the story of some Italians, fresh and ancient people at the same time: souls from a modern imaginary Purgatory who, moved by heterogeneous intents like ambition, admiration, affection, curiosity, personal interests, establish to try and orbit around the walking Paradise that is the man named Silvio Berlusconi. "Selma," as in Alabama, the place where segregation in the South was at its worst, leading to a march that ended in violence, forcing a famous statement by President Lyndon B. Johnson that ultimately led to the signing of the Civil Rights Act. As the Iranian revolution reaches a boiling point, a CIA 'exfiltration' specialist concocts a risky plan to free six Americans who have found shelter at the home of the Canadian ambassador. The Unanswered Ives is the first film about Charles Ives (1874-1954), an American modernist composer, one of the first American composers of international renown. The 60-minute documentary sheds light on Ives' life and work in all its facets and inconsistencies. American singer and composer Frank Zappa included Charles Ives in a list of influences that he presented in the liner notes of his debut album Freak Out! (1966). Ives continues to influence contemporary composers, arrangers and musicians. Planet Arts Records released Mists: Charles Ives for Jazz Orchestra. Ives befriended and encouraged a young Elliott Carter. In addition, Phil Lesh, bassist of the Grateful Dead, has described Ives as one of his two musical heroes. What does subtitle translation mean in my eyes? I have devoted my youth and effort of 4 years of campus life and 2 years of work life. When I have given up translating subtitle, I want to look back to and remember such a bygone by documentary.  Subtitle is equal to public: By this documentary I want to show how a cinephile makes a link with film and makes effect to more cinephile in such a special situation in China. This documentary also displays a tip of the iceberg of the cinephile cultural history in China.  Subtitle is equal to privacy: I hope to experience the progress of subtitle translation again, in order to cast my ambition and burden in the old days. I want to say goodbye to that ego with subtitle translation and move forwards to that ego with indie-documentary direction. I want to search more possibilities to the films. Chronicles the rise and fall of legendary blues singer Billie Holiday. Her late childhood, stint as a prostitute, early tours, marriages and drug addiction are featured. On a hot summer day, five adolescents try to cool down by a river. We observe the behaviour of the group, their glances, lingering and messing. The delightful, listless peace is in danger of being disrupted. An atmospheric, short film without dialogue. A teenage girl moves with her father for the summer to Stillwater, Minnesota. She meets two misfit kids and together they work to unearth a secret the town hides. Majaz- Ae Gham-e-Dil Kya Karun is a biopic on the life of Asrarul Haq Majaz Lakhnavi. This film depicts the story of a poet and his throes with professional life, setback with love and fragmentation with family. The film brings back the classic era of lost realms related to culture, heritage and relationships. It is a love story circumscribed with different shades of issues which twists the life of the characters. A documentary on italian director Marco Ferreri.  The film chronicles the rise and fall of the world's most feared drug lord Pablo Escobar and his volatile love affair with Colombia's most famous journalist Virginia Vallejo throughout a reign of terror that tore a country apart. Gandhi's Awakening explores the fascinating story of Mohandas Gandhi's early formative years in South Africa, where he experienced firsthand harsh prejudice and hatred as a young lawyer, saw the brutality of war as an ambulance stretcher carrier in the Zulu War of 1906, and underwent a spiritual epiphany that set the course for his entire life forward, leading him to become the Mahatma or Great Soul. A sequel film Gandhi's Gift, is also available.  Fernando Lemos, a creator who stood out for photographing actors, artists and writers in Portugal from the 1940s and 1950s. San Jose, California, 1906. Isolated in her labyrinthine mansion, eccentric firearm heiress Sarah Winchester believes that she is being haunted by the souls of those killed by the guns manufactured by her company. The USS Enterprise crew explores the furthest reaches of uncharted space, where they encounter a mysterious new enemy who puts them and everything the Federation stands for to the test. The feel-good story of Michael 'Eddie' Edwards, an unlikely but courageous British ski-jumper who never stopped believing in himself--even as an entire nation was counting him out. With the help of a rebellious and charismatic coach, Eddie takes on the establishment and wins the hearts of sports fans around the world by making an improbable and historic showing at the 1988 Calgary Winter Olympics. Four Navy SEALs on a covert mission to neutralize a high-level Taliban operative must make an impossible moral decision in the mountains of Afghanistan that leads them into an enemy ambush. As they confront unthinkable odds, the SEALs must find reserves of strength and resilience to fight to the finish. The greatest Olympic Wrestling Champion brother team joins Team Foxcatcher led by multimillionaire sponsor John E. du Pont as they train for the 1988 games in Seoul - a union that leads to unlikely circumstances. In 1863, Mississippi farmer Newt Knight serves as a medic for the Confederate Army. Opposed to slavery, Knight would rather help the wounded than fight the Union. After his nephew dies in battle, Newt returns home to Jones County to safeguard his family but is soon branded an outlaw deserter. Forced to flee, he finds refuge with a group of runaway slaves hiding out in the swamps. Forging an alliance with the slaves and other farmers, Knight leads a rebellion that would forever change history. The story of the awakening of painter, Margaret Keane, her phenomenal success in the 1950s, and the subsequent legal difficulties she had with her husband, who claimed credit for her works in the 1960s. The story of young Amos Oz, growing up in Jerusalem in the years before Israeli statehood with his parents; his academic father, Arieh, and his dreamy, imaginative mother, Fania. A combination "before the rage" and "after the rage" of world middleweight boxing champion Jake LaMotta's tumultuous life and times. After spending two decades in England, Bill Bryson returns to the U.S., where he decides the best way to connect with his homeland is to hike the Appalachian Trail with one of his oldest friends. A newly married couple who, in the process of starting a family, learn many of life's important lessons from their trouble-loving retriever, Marley. Packed with plenty of laughs to lighten the load, the film explores the highs and lows of marriage, maturity and confronting one's own mortality, as seen through the lens of family life with a dog. This film follows the remarkable and inspirational true story of Paul Potts, a shy, bullied shop assistant by day and an amateur opera singer by night. A true-life drama in the 1920s, centering on British explorer Col. Percy Fawcett, who discovered evidence of a previously unknown, advanced civilazation in the Amazon and disappeared whilst searching for it. A look at the life of the astronaut, Neil Armstrong, and the legendary space mission that led him to become the first man to walk on the Moon on July 20, 1969. A reporter becomes the target of a vicious smear campaign that drives him to the point of suicide after he exposes the CIA's role in arming Contra rebels in Nicaragua and importing cocaine into California. Based on the true story of journalist Gary Webb. After he and his first wife separate, journalist David Sheff struggles to help their teenage son, who goes from experimenting with drugs to becoming devastatingly addicted to methamphetamine. International art dealer Ron Hall must befriend a dangerous homeless man in order to save his struggling marriage to his wife, a woman whose dreams will lead all three of them on the journey of their lives. A portrait of the brilliant, extravagant Kristina of Sweden, queen from age six, who fights the conservative forces that are against her ideas to modernize Sweden and who have no tolerance for her awakening sexuality. A young queen falls in love with her physician, and they start a revolution that changes their nation forever. Based on the autobiographical novel, the tempestuous 6-year relationship between Liberace and his (much younger) lover, Scott Thorson, is recounted. A murder in 1944 draws together the great poets of the beat generation: Allen Ginsberg, Jack Kerouac and William Burroughs. Documentary portrait of Carl Boenish, the father of the BASE jumping movement, whose early passion for skydiving led him to ever more spectacular -and dangerous- feats of foot-launched human flight. A look at the life of Cecil Gaines who served eight presidents as the White House's head butler from 1952 to 1986, and had a unique front-row seat as political and racial history was made. Join an American couple's courageous mission in 1939 to help refugees escape Nazi-occupied Europe. Over the course of two years, the pair will risk their lives so that hundreds can live in freedom. The adopted son of a sheriff and his wife is kidnapped, but the motive goes beyond ransom. A U.S Customs official uncovers a massive money laundering scheme involving Pablo Escobar. The true story of Whitey Bulger, the brother of a state senator and the most infamous violent criminal in the history of South Boston, who became an FBI informant to take down a Mafia family invading his turf. A look at the life of photographer Robert Mapplethorpe from his rise to fame in the 1970s to his untimely death in 1989. In a village in New Mexico, the life of young farm boy Antonio is dramatically changed when an old medicine woman joins his household. This affecting coming-of-age tale recounts Antonio's experiences to reveal the spiritual conflict in his community. In the winter of 1820, the New England whaling ship Essex is assaulted by something no one could believe--a whale of mammoth size and will, and an almost human sense of vengeance. In 1987, five young men, using brutally honest rhymes and hardcore beats, put their frustration and anger about life in the most dangerous place in America into the most powerful weapon they had: their music.  Taking us back to where it all began, Straight Outta Compton tells the true story of how these cultural rebels--armed only with their lyrics, swagger, bravado and raw talent--stood up to the authorities that meant to keep them down and formed the world's most dangerous group, N.W.A.  And as they spoke the truth that no one had before and exposed life in the hood, their voice ignited a social revolution that is still reverberating today. A documentary chronicling 17 years of Mark David Allen's alcohol abuse. Story of Linda Lovelace, who is used and abused by the porn industry at the behest of her coercive husband, before taking control of her life. Based on an inspiring true story, a small-town news reporter (Krasinski) and a Greenpeace volunteer (Barrymore) enlist the help of rival superpowers to save three majestic gray whales trapped under the ice of the Arctic Circle. 'Big Miracle' is adapted from the nonfiction book 'Freeing the Whales: How the Media Created the World's Greatest Non-Event' by Tom Rose. Testament of Youth is a powerful story of love, war and remembrance, based on the First World War memoir by Vera Brittain, which has become the classic testimony of that war from a woman's point of view. A searing journey from youthful hopes and dreams to the edge of despair and back again, it's a film about young love, the futility of war and how to make sense of the darkest times. Citizen Lane is an innovative mix of documentary and drama that delivers a vivid and compelling portrait of Hugh Lane, one of the most fascinating and yet enigmatic figures in modern Irish history.  A man of multiple contradictions, by turns infuriatingly parsimonious or extraordinarily generous, a professed nationalist and a knight of the realm; a monumental snob and a fearless campaigner for access to the arts. The story of the New York accent, as told by New Yorkers. EAT DRINK LAUGH: The Story of The Comic Strip showcases the iconic New York comedy club where Jerry Seinfeld, Eddie Murphy, Chris Rock, Adam Sandler and hundreds of the best comedians of our time honed their craft. EAT DRINK LAUGH explores the struggles, triumphs, and incredible journey of the people who kept the comedy club's doors open and the comedians who graced its stage with their unique voices night after night since 1976. Among the comics featured in the film are Richard Belzer, Billy Crystal, Gilbert Gottfried, Arsenio Hall, Carol Leifer, Jay Leno, Richard Lewis, Bill Maher, Jerry Seinfeld, Eddie Murphy, Adam Sandler, Joe Piscopo, Colin Quinn, Paul Provenza, Paul Reiser, Ray Romano and Chris Rock. The controversial and moving tale of a struggling young Cork musician. We are introduced to the world of Cork hip-hop, its bitter rivalries, and the people behind the profanity. The story of the love affair between FDR and his distant cousin Margaret Stuckley, centered around the weekend in 1939 when the King and Queen of the United Kingdom visited upstate New York. The story of American showman P.T. Barnum, founder of the circus that became the famous traveling Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus. A documentary on legendary movie-poster artist Drew Struzan. Singer and songwriter Hank Williams rises to fame in the 1940s, but alcohol abuse and infidelity take a toll on his career and marriage to fellow musician Audrey Mae Williams. The true story of Richard Kuklinski, the notorious contract killer and family man. A Documentary crew entered an asylum to shoot a documentary on the place on Halloween night 2004. Several mysterious things occurred throughout the night leading up to a missing crew member the following morning. A pair of star-crossed dancers in New York find themselves at the center of a bitter rivalry between their brothers' underground dance clubs. What happens when a woman goes in search of her identity and discovers that the cycle of violence she's been working hard to break in the US is part of her family history and culture on another continent? You may never think of the phrase 'til death do you part' in the same way after you meet Orin Kennedy and Bernardo Puccio. This L.A. couple decided to commemorate their over 30-year relationship by erecting a marble monument to themselves at the Hollywood Forever cemetery, even inviting their friends to a fabulous 'living funeral' once it was constructed. Whether they're entertaining or fight Prop. 8, these men live a life that's anything but ordinary. A documentary that weaves together personal journeys, historical facts and expert analysis to show the world through the eyes of those touched by the issue of "colourism". The historical impact of Mexican fighters in mixed martial arts. This film is about the relationship of a mother and her daughter, the split-up of their family, the blessing and curse of belonging together and about coming of age - all this from the perspective of the young girl Aglaja. The story is based on real-life events, an Eastern European circus artist family that fled to the West. If they want to stay in the circus business they have to make up an exotic act. The mother spends all their money to buy a very dangerous act: hanging by her hair high up in the dome of the circus while juggling with burning torches. Every night Aglaja is terrified by the fear of losing her mother. But, on some day, she has to follow the family tradition and become the "Woman with the Hair of Steel". A documentary about British model Precious Muir as she moves to new York to become a fashion model, and undergoes breast enhancement surgery to make it in the industry. In the 1950s, Tab Hunter was number one at the box office and number one on the music charts and was Hollywood's most sought-after young star. Natalie Wood, Debbie Reynolds and Sophia Loren were just a few of the actresses he was romantically linked to. He was America's Boy Next Door and nothing, it seemed, could damage Tab Hunter's career. Nothing, that is, except for the fact that Tab Hunter was secretly gay. Now, the secret is out. The true story of Captain Richard Phillips and the 2009 hijacking by Somali pirates of the US-flagged MV Maersk Alabama, the first American cargo ship to be hijacked in two hundred years. In 1561, Mary Stuart, widow of the King of France, returns to Scotland, reclaims her rightful throne and menaces the future of Queen Elizabeth I as ruler of England, because she has a legitimate claim to the English throne. Betrayals, rebellions, conspiracies and their own life choices imperil both Queens. They experience the bitter cost of power, until their tragic fate is finally fulfilled. Steve Irwin's impact has far exceeded his hit series The Crocodile Hunter. Chronicling his childhood to his time as a global icon, those who knew him best reflect on the remarkable life of the man, father, husband and wildlife conservationist. A army veteran discovers an abandoned boy lurking in the woods behind her childhood home. After taking in the boy, she searches for clues to his identity, and discovers local folklore about a malevolent life-draining spirit that comes in the form of a child: The Tatterdemalion. Germany in the early 19th century. "Die Vermessung der Welt" follows the two brilliant and eccentric scientists Alexander von Humboldt and Carl Friedrich Gauss on their life paths. When National Geographic photographer James Balog asked, "How can one take a picture of climate change?" his attention was immediately drawn to ice. Soon he was asked to do a cover story on glaciers that became the most popular and well-read piece in the magazine during the last five years. But for Balog, that story marked the beginning of a much larger and longer-term project that would reach epic proportions. The life of Katherine of Alexandria. Constantine joins the Roman army to find his missing childhood friend. Once alerted to his friend's whereabouts, he prepares for an all out war between the East and the West.  Contains the last film role of Peter O'Toole, who died before the film was released. Renowned journalist Torgny Segerstedt declares war against Hitler as he criticizes Swedish politicians who tried to look away from the tyranny of the Nazis with the good excuse of "neutralism". His only weapon is his pen and his life is full of gossip such as an affair with his boss' wife, a love scandal with a secretary younger than his daughter, and the suicide of his wife. However, he continues to fight a one man battle against Hitler and the Nazi regime until his death, throwing the question "Can one person really change history?" to the audience. American chess champion Bobby Fischer prepares for a legendary match-up against Russian Boris Spassky. The men who made millions from a global economic meltdown. A look at the mysterious relationship between Victorian art critic John Ruskin and his teenage bride Effie Gray. Run Boy Run is the true story of Jurek, an eight-year-old boy, who escapes from the Warsaw ghetto, then manages to survive in the woods and working as a farmhand, disguising himself as a Polish orphan. He encounters people who will betray him for a reward, who will beat him up or try to kill him, and he meets those, who will do and risk almost everything to help him. Jurek's resilience is put to the ultimate test, when an accident cripples him, making it harder to find work. But he struggles on against all odds. Eventually the Russians reach his area and Jurek even finds a family where he could stay. Yet he is betrayed again, and a young man from a Jewish orphanage forcefully tries to bring Jurek back to his people and his faith. In Nazi-occupied Amsterdam, Walter Suskind is a member of the Dutch Jewish Council who rescues hundreds of children from the concentration camps. Based on the acclaimed memoir by renowned guitarist Andy Summers, Can't Stand Losing You: Surviving The Police follows Summers' journey from his early days in the psychedelic '60s music scene, when he played with The Animals, to chance encounters with drummer Stewart Copeland and bassist Sting, which led to the formation of a new wave trio, The Police.  The band's phenomenal rise and its highly publicized dissolution at the height of their fame in the early '80s captured by Summers' camera.  Utilizing rare archival footage, Summers' photos, and insights from the guitarist's side of the stage, Can't Stand Losing You brings together past and present as the band members prepare to reunite for the first time in two decades later for a global reunion tour in 2007. A drama inspired by the life of heavyweight boxer Chuck Wepner. The true story about legendary explorer Thor Heyerdahl and his epic crossing of the Pacific on a balsa wood raft in 1947, in an effort to prove it was possible for South Americans to settle in Polynesia in pre-Columbian times. An account of the days of First Lady, Jacqueline Kennedy, in the immediate aftermath of John F. Kennedy's assassination in 1963. Paan Singh Tomar (Hindi: paan siNh tomr) is an Indian biographical film, based on the true story of an athlete Paan Singh Tomar employed by the Indian Army and who won a gold medal at Indian National Games, but was forced to become a notorious bandit . The inspirational story of World Champion Boxer Vinny Pazienza, who after a near fatal car crash, which left him not knowing if he'd ever walk again, made one of sports most incredible comebacks. A biography of the civil-rights activist and labor organizer Cesar Chavez.  Chronicling the birth of a modern American labour movement, Cesar Chavez tells the story of the famed civil rights leader and labour organiser torn between his duties as a husband and father and his commitment to securing a living wage for farm workers. Passionate but soft-spoken, Chavez embraced non-violence as he battled greed and prejudice in his struggle to bring dignity to working people. This remarkable animated documentary traces the unconventional upbringing of the filmmaker Jung Henin, one of thousands of Korean children adopted by Western families after the end of the Korean War. It is the story of a boy stranded between two cultures. Animated vignettes - some humorous and some poetic - track Jung from the day he first meet his new blond siblings, through elementary school, and into his teenage years, when his emerging sense of identity begins to create fissures at home and ignite the latent biases of his adoptive parents. The filmmaker tells his story using his own animation intercut with snippets of super-8 family footage and archival film. The result is an animated memoir like no other: clear-eyed and unflinching, humorous, and above all, inspiring in the capacity of the human heart. This is the story of a 12-year-old girl working hard to overcome a troubling past and accept and embrace the love and possibility that now surround her. Born as Brianna to a drug-addicted mother, she and her baby brother lived in harrowing conditions before being adopted by a young couple fully invested in raising their children to be whole, happy and strong. Surfer Jay Moriarity sets out to ride the Northern California break known as Mavericks. In 2009, Alex Gibney was hired to make a film about Lance Armstrong's comeback to cycling. The project was shelved when the doping scandal erupted, and re-opened after Armstrong's confession. The Armstrong Lie picks up in 2013 and presents a riveting, insider's view of the unraveling of one of the most extraordinary stories in the history of sports. As Lance Armstrong says himself, "I didn't live a lot of lies, but I lived one big one." In a last-ditch effort to save his career, sports agent JB Bernstein (Jon Hamm) dreams up a wild game plan to find Major League Baseball's next great pitcher from a pool of cricket players in India. He soon discovers two young men who can throw a fastball but know nothing about the game of baseball. Or America. It's an incredible and touching journey that will change them all -- especially JB, who learns valuable lessons about teamwork, commitment and family. The behind the scenes story of the life of A.A. Milne and the creation of the Winnie the Pooh stories inspired by his son Christopher Robin. Biopic of Louis Cyr, strongest man in the world at the end of the 19th Century. New Jersey car mechanic Stacie Andree and her police detective girlfriend Laurel Hester both battle to secure Hester's pension benefits after she was diagnosed with a terminal illness. "The Odyssey" reaches for inspiration in the great literary journeys such as Dante's "Inferno" and the homonymous work by Homer - which lends the title to this film - to portrait the many fases of love and break up and suffering. Featuring songs from Florence + the Machine latest album, "How Big, How Blue, How Beautiful", "The Odyssey" puts together the previously released music videos and introduces the one for "Third Eye". In the 1820s, a frontiersman, Hugh Glass, sets out on a path of vengeance against those who left him for dead after a bear mauling. All Eyez on Me chronicles the life and legacy of Tupac Shakur, including his rise to superstardom as a hip-hop artist, actor, poet and activist, as well as his imprisonment and prolific, controversial time at Death Row Records. Against insurmountable odds, Tupac rose to become a cultural icon whose career and persona both continue to grow long after his passing. The documentary BERLINIZED describes this very Berlin-specific attitude in a reflection on and a journey to mid-1990s' Berlin. Filmmaker Lucian Busse, an active protagonist of the period, documents the transformation of Berlin after the Wall. But Berlinized represents more than just the 1990s - it is a metaphor for this virally catching creative feeling, the slightly rough directness, spiced up with a big dash of typical Berlin humor. Berlinized lets the former protagonists reflect how that temporary feeling of freedom shaped their individual lives, and to what degree that freedom can still be found among the neat order of today's Berlin. These reflections are as diverse as the interviewees and as multifaceted as the changes in those times. A young Austrian girl is kidnapped and held in captivity for eight years. Based on the real-life case of Natascha Kampusch. Young and talented Han van Meegeren is a rebel in the early 1920's Amsterdam art-scene. Because he paints in the style of his idols Rembrandt and Vermeer, critics find his work old-fashioned and they call him a copycat. Just to prove a point, he produces a fake Vermeer and tries to pass it off as a real one. It works. Instead of revealing the truth and thereby embarrassing the art world, he continues to make money off of his many forgeries. Soon he is caught in a web of lies and deceit, and his life spins out of control. Then one day, high ranking Nazi Hermann Goring knocks on his door, looking for a Vermeer for his private collection... It's 1968, and four young, talented Australian Aboriginal girls learn about love, friendship and war when they entertain the US troops in Vietnam as singing group The Sapphires. Based on the true story of teenager James Burns who goes from a suburban street gang to a maximum-security prison cell surrounded by hardened criminals. He turns his life around in prison thanks to the unexpected friendship he forms with a convicted murderer who becomes his mentor. HANNAH ARENDT is a portrait of the genius that shook the world with her discovery of "the banality of evil." After she attends the Nazi Adolf Eichmann's trial in Jerusalem, Arendt dares to write about the Holocaust in terms no one has ever heard before. Her work instantly provokes a furious scandal, and Arendt stands strong as she is attacked by friends and foes alike. But as the German-Jewish emigre also struggles to suppress her own painful associations with the past, the film exposes her beguiling blend of arrogance and vulnerability -- revealing a soul defined and derailed by exile. A documentary on drummer/bandleader Chick Webb, Ella Fitzgerald, and Harlem's Savoy Ballroom. An intimate conversation between filmmakers, chronicling De Palma's 55-year career, his life, and his filmmaking process, with revealing anecdotes and, of course, a wealth of film clips. An exploration of the making of b-movie sci-fi cult classic "The Creeping Terror" and its con-man director Art "A.J." Nelson/Vic Savage. An intimate journey through the formative years of David Lynch's life. From his idyllic upbringing in small town America to the dark streets of Philadelphia, we follow Lynch as he traces the events that have helped to shape one of cinema's most enigmatic directors. Fate brings a young woman to idyllic Karelia in Russia, near the Russian-Finnish border. She meets an old woman, Santra, who represents the only remaining link to the Karelian culture of her ancestors. This film is about the difficulty and beauty of finding a home. A documentary about the sport of boxing, as seen through the eyes of champions Mike Tyson, Evander Holyfield and Bernard Hopkins. 26 year-old Karl Marx embarks with his wife, Jenny, on the road to exile. In 1844 in Paris, he meets Friedrich Engels, an industrialist's son, who has been investigating the sordid birth of the British working class. Engels, the dandy, provides the last piece of the puzzle to the young Karl Marx's new vision of the world. Together, between censorship and the police's repression, riots and political upheavals, they will lead the labor movement during its development into a modern era. In 1857, at the height of his fame and fortune, novelist and social critic Charles Dickens meets and falls in love with teenage stage actress Nelly Ternan. As she becomes the focus of his heart and mind, as well as his muse, painful secrecy is the price both must pay. In 1931, following the success of the film Battleship Potemkin, Soviet filmmaker Sergei Eisenstein travels to the city of Guanajuato, Mexico, to shoot a new film. Freshly rejected by Hollywood, Eisenstein soon falls under Mexico's spell. Chaperoned by his guide Palomino Canedo, the director opens up to his suppressed fears as he embraces a new world of sensual pleasures and possibilities that will shape the future of his art. New York in the 1920s. Max Perkins, a literary editor is the first to sign such subsequent literary greats as Ernest Hemingway and F. Scott Fitzgerald. When a sprawling, chaotic 1,000-page manuscript by an unknown writer falls into his hands, Perkins is convinced he has discovered a literary genius. Part period melodrama, part film noir, part 50s road movie "JOSHUA TREE, 1951" is a portrait of screen legend and outsider icon James Dean as you have never seen him before. The breath-taking story of a man who nearly would have changed the world. In 1939, when Hitler tricked millions of people at the height of his power, radical Georg Elser--disparaged as an assassin--is one of the greatest resistance fighters. What are your limits? Everyday heroes put this question to the test as they embark on an epic journey to the tropical rain forests and beaches of Costa Rica in pursuit of adventure and surf. Meet Christiaan, Patrick and Jake, three men who triumph over their physical disabilities in life with a wheelchair view. These men symbolize hope to their peers as they dare to go where wheelchairs are not welcome: the ocean, the jungle and the skate park. From Huntington Beach, the Kodak Theater in Hollywood, Venice Beach and Malibu to the coast of Central America, you will be astonished by the bravery of these injured athletes as they smash down stereotypes. Handicapped? We don't think so! Because of him being in strange positions and situations, a man is several times mistaken as other, usually famous people; and now must explain himself to a judge as he has been arrested for impersonation. In the 70s two brothers battle killer waves, conservative society and ruthless bikers to kick-start the modern surf industry. Singer Freddie Mercury, guitarist Brian May, drummer Roger Taylor and bass guitarist John Deacon take the music world by storm when they form the rock 'n' roll band Queen in 1970. Hit songs become instant classics. When Mercury's increasingly wild lifestyle starts to spiral out of control, Queen soon faces its greatest challenge yet - finding a way to keep the band together amid the success and excess. The story behind and around famous American director Nicholas Ray's 1960s stay in SFR Yugoslavia. The celebrated director who was the toast of Hollywood only a decade earlier having made Rebel Without a Cause has fallen on hard times and is now desperately trying to re-establish his spiraling film career. On the other hand, his powerful host, Avala Film director and former Yugoslav secret service operative Ratko Drazevic, is dreaming big dreams - he is trying to establish a 'Hollywood behind the Iron Curtain' of sorts. The account of keepers of the Warsaw Zoo, Jan and Antonina Zabinski, who helped save hundreds of people and animals during the Nazi invasion. Boston's V66 music video station came and went in the mid-1980s but in the 18 months on the air, it was one of the only over-the-air music video channels  ever created. But even popular success didn't mean it was going to last... Call and Rebecca Richmond were born into Atlanta's high society. To their neighbors, they we're the perfect family. Nothing was further from the truth. Mary, their paranoid schizophrenic mother, was medicating herself with narcotics, but the doctors preferred shock treatments. Their father tried to keep it secret, though the strain was more than he could bear. Years later, Call developed paranoid schizophrenia and walked out on his life. Overwhelmed by voices in his head, he wandered the country, drifting in and out of sanity. Amazingly, after twenty years of searching, Rebecca found Call alive, but not well... A Sister's Call chronicles Rebecca's mission to bring her brother back from the depths of homelessness and schizophrenia all while seeking a way to heal herself from the past. If Carol Channing didn't exist, no one could have made her up. One in a billion, Carol , at 89, remains an unstoppable, megawatt dynamo. Broadway diva extraordinaire is just the icing. Carol Channing hovered at the pinnacle of the entertainment world from the late-1950's through the 1960's and beyond, living life sensationally large. As Carol has observed, '...if you're lucky enough to have two hit shows, the world passes through your dressing room'. At 89, she remains irrepressible. Seed Money is the story of Chuck Holmes, a San Francisco pornographer turned philanthropist. Holmes helped shaped and create gay identity in the years after Stonewall, and later became a major contributor to gay advocacy groups like the Human Rights Campaign and the LGBT Victory Fund, only to find later in life that while his money was welcome in philanthropic circles, he sometimes wasn't. A musical biopic of the Four Seasons--the rise, the tough times and personal clashes, and the ultimate triumph of a group of friends whose music became symbolic of a generation. Far from a mere tribute concert, it gets to the heart of the relationships at the centre of the group, with a special focus on frontman Frankie Valli, the small kid with the big falsetto. Anchored by intimate, one-on-one interviews with the man himself, Nicholas Wrathall's new documentary is a fascinating and wholly entertaining tribute to the iconic Gore Vidal. Commentary by those who knew him best--including filmmaker/nephew Burr Steers and the late Christopher Hitchens--blends with footage from Vidal's legendary on-air career to remind us why he will forever stand as one of the most brilliant and fearless critics of our time. When inner-city charter high school Save Our Future is forced to close doors, dozens of Los Angeles students rally to have their voices heard. This documentary chronicles the long and storied career of Storm Thorgerson, the most famous artist you've never heard of -- the brilliant photographer who created scores of iconic album covers for bands such as Pink Floyd and Led Zeppelin. Judi Bari and Darryl Cherney were falsely arrested for car-bombing themselves on May 24, 1990 while on an Earth First! musical organizing tour for Redwood Summer. They sued the FBI for violations of the First Amendment, claiming the FBI knew they were innocent but arrested them to try to silence them. Having survived the bomb but now stricken by cancer, Judi Bari, a leader of the movement to save California's old growth redwoods, gives her on-camera, deathbed testimony about the attempt on her life and her colorful organizing history with the radical environmental movement Earth First. First ever feature-length documentary on the world-wide phenomenon that inspired an entire generation of children and became a billion dollar franchise--"Masters of the Universe". Features interviews with the key creative personnel behind every version of the best selling toy line and all incarnations of "Masters of the Universe" on television, film, stage, and print, tracing the inception and ups and downs of the fantasy juggernaut. A filmmaker is granted unprecedented access to a political candidate and his family as he runs for President. During the last two years of her life, Princess Diana (Naomi Watts) campaigns against the use of land mines and has a secret love affair with a Pakistani heart surgeon (Naveen Andrews). A psychological romantic drama about teenage twins Owen and Kristen who fall under the sway of a charismatic young loan shark who offers love to one of them but on one condition. For centuries followers of the Bible have wondered where Jesus was and what he did during the so-called "silent years." Biblical writings leave gaps in the life of Jesus. Evidence points to a long pilgrimage made by Jesus between the ages of 13 and 30. This film contains controversial subject matter that is disputed by some, but nevertheless, is still fascinating. Olegas Truchanas and Peter Dombrovskis were perhaps Australia's greatest wilderness photographers. Their work became synonymous with campaigns to protect Tasmania's natural heritage. They shared many things, including a bond that was more like that of father and son. Both came from Baltic Europe and migrated to Tasmania, where their passion for nature became a crusade to save an environment under threat. Both died in the wilderness, doing what they loved, and left a legacy in extraordinary images. Their philosophy was simple and remarkably effective - if people could see the beauty of Australia's wild places then they might be moved to save them. Three young women were sentenced to death in the infamous Manson murder case, but when the death penalty was lifted, their sentence became life imprisonment. One young graduate student was sent in to teach them - and through her we witness their transformations as they face the reality of their horrific crimes. Each year, tents in Bryant Park herald New York Fashion Week, whose back story is as fascinating as the couture on the catwalk. Fashion's biggest names share the sometimes shocking, often funny rags-to-riches evolution of the iconic event. An ageing rock star decides to change his life when he discovers a 40-year-old letter written to him by John Lennon. The world's greatest pinup model and cult icon, Bettie Page, recounts the true story of how her free expression overcame government witch-hunts to help launch America's sexual revolution. A pregnant teen and her younger sister run away from foster homes and kidnap a woman whom they believe can help with the pregnancy. An experimental documentary film that uses archival footage, interviews, and fictionalized scenarios to tell the story of the people around Jeffrey Dahmer during the summer of his arrest in 1991. The legendary Roberto Duran and his equally legendary trainer Ray Arcel change each other's lives. Meet a man whose life was changed by electricity. An extraordinary person who can fry a hot dog with bare hands in an attempt to become the first human laser. In KING FOR TWO DAYS, filmmaker Noah Hutton chronicles drummer Dave King's (The Bad Plus, Happy Apple) two night concert at the Walker Art Center in Minneapolis, MN, featuring five of the groups he drums in. Through rehearsals, interviews with the musicians, and concert excerpts, a world emerges where the concept of the band is held above the need for individual showmanship, a rarity in jazz. Journalist Christine Pelisek helps law enforcement investigate the alleged serial killer known as the Grim Sleeper. A look at the life of activist, musician, and cultural icon Kathleen Hanna, who formed the punk band Bikini Kill and pioneered the "riot grrrl" movement of the 1990s. Peter Karena, his wife Colleen, their six children and many horses live almost wild in the stunning beauty of New Zealand's rugged Ruahine Mountains. Until, that is, Peter's escalating battle with his own father has profound consequences for the whole clan. A man in front of the elephants at the San Diego Zoo explains what he thinks about them. Banklady tells the true story of Gisela Werler, a law-abiding factory worker from Hamburg, who falls in love with a thief and becomes a media darling as Germany's first and most notorious female bank robber. Cunning, sexy, and exciting, Gisela and her beloved Hermann pull off one daring heist after another. Banklady follows this outlaw who captured Germany's imagination, boldly defying gender expectations and living a decades-long Bonnie and Clyde romance. After a young woman suffers a brutal rape in a bar one night, a prosecutor assists in bringing the perpetrators to justice, including the ones who encouraged and cheered on the attack. A football team from Belgrade, former Republic of Yugoslavia gets a chance to go to the First World Football Championship, but things get complicated along the way. John Gotti rises to the top of the New York underworld to become the boss of the Gambino crime family. His life takes a tumultuous turn as he faces tragedy, multiple trials and a prison sentence. A chronicle of the life of Louis Zamperini, an Olympic runner who was taken prisoner by Japanese forces during World War II. Following two fatal aircraft accidents aboard an Aircraft Carrier, a government agent is placed aboard the ship. His mission is to determine what may be at the root of these mishaps and prevent the inevitable third chain breaking accident which abruptly changes course when a sailor reports seeing one of the top ranking fighter pilots in a gay club. The aviator and three of his squadron mates and their spouses all become the subject of a deadly modern day witch hunt entangling them in a web of jealousy and deceit which tests their concept of love, friendship and honor and changes their lives forever. Ever since US Diplomatic Security Service Agent Hobbs and lawless outcast Shaw first faced off, they just have swapped smacks and bad words. But when cyber-genetically enhanced anarchist Brixton's ruthless actions threaten the future of humanity, both join forces to defeat him. (A spin-off of "The Fate of the Furious," focusing on Johnson's Luke Hobbs and Statham's Deckard Shaw.) Long after his premature death, the impact of Paul Sharits lingers on. The prominent iconoclast and innovator provoked with fast-flickering, pulsating, colourful mosaics. The many interviews and testimonies are also a portrait of a generation of leading voices in experimental filmmaking. A series of interviews featuring linguist, philosopher and activist Noam Chomsky done in hand-drawn animation. Mateo follows America's most notorious gringo mariachi on his misadventures to Cuba. MAD AS HELL follows Cenk Uygur's transformation from unknown talk show host on local Public Access TV to an internet sensation with his online news show "The Young Turks," which has amassed over one billion views on YouTube. Once Cenk ventures from the internet into national television and lands the 6 PM time slot on MSNBC, his uncensored brand of journalism is compromised and Cenk becomes the nexus in the battle between new and old media. First time filmmaker follows his girlfriend and boss chase their dream as musicians. His insecurities flair while struggling to find a story, and begins challenging their flaws, on camera, jeopardizing the film, relationships and careers. Bobby Stano had everything going for him. Fresh out of high school, he was signed to the majors, had a beautiful girlfriend, everything was looking up. That is, until he and his friends get into a fight with a neighboring gang. The confrontation results in an accidental fatality and quickly changes Bobby's life forever. He's found guilty of murder and locked in prison for the next thirteen years. When Bobby is released, he's faced with a vilified reputation, a relationship to rekindle and a new life to find. The Joffrey Ballet: Mavericks of American Dance, narrated by Mandy Patinkin, tells the full story of this groundbreaking company, from their founding in 1956 to the present. In a state where even the road signs are macho, an unlikely political outsider emerged to take on the power structure. The leader who came of age during the high tide of modern conservatism, changing Texas and the country - did it in heels. A Coming of Arab story. Iraqi-American filmmaker Usama Alshaibi (Nice Bombs) shares his own story of experiencing racism in post-9/11 America. Showcasing the diversity of Arabs living in the United States, American Arab sparks a frank conversation about identity and perception, and argues for giving people "the space to be complicated." A chronicle of Gertrude Bell's life, a traveler, writer, archaeologist, explorer, cartographer, and political attache for the British Empire at the dawn of the twentieth century. A look at the relationship between WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange and his early supporter and eventual colleague Daniel Domscheit-Berg, and how the website's growth and influence led to an irreparable rift between the two friends. Visiting my girlfriend, who has made a medical internship on the Seychelles.... While serving a 33-year sentence, a spiritual awakening led drug lord Esteban Mendoza Cruz to form a church in Mexico's most corrupt prison. With a congregation of more than 600, Cruz sows hope both among inmates and in the community at large. The story of an elderly man from the Nahuatl-speaking village of San Agustin Oapan, Guerrero, Mexico. Silvestre Pantaleon follows the protagonist as he struggles to pay for a curing ceremony and provide for his family. He dedicates himself to the only remunerative activities he knows: handcrafting rope for religious ceremonies and building seldom used household objects that he alone still has the skills to produce. Silvestre Pantaleon is a simple though universal tale of aging, told with a lyrical combination of lingering imagery and quotidian's life detail. The film will be based around three of Hoffmann's tales (Klein Zaches, The Golden Pot and The Sandman), with the main character being Hoffmann himself. In particular, it will focus on the duality between the imaginative universe of his writings and his real-life profession as a government clerk (which will be based on his letters and journals) The story follows 19-year-old Renee who has always loved fairy tales: the idea of a princess, a hero and a happily ever after. But Renee's life is that of a darker tale: she's a young woman battling addiction, depression and self-injury. In a creative blend of artistic fantasy balanced with harsh reality, the movie follows Renee on her courageous journey towards recovery. Goltzius and the Pelican Company tells the story of Hendrik Goltzius, a late 16th century Dutch printer and engraver of erotic prints. A contemporary of Rembrandt and, indeed, more celebrated during his life, Goltzius seduces the Margrave of Alsace into paying for a printing press to make and publish illustrated books. In return, he promises him an extraordinary book of pictures of illustrating the Old Testament's biblical stories. Erotic tales of Lot and his daughters, David and Bathsheba, Samson and Deliah and John the Baptist and Salome. To tempt the Margrave further, Goltzius and his printing company will offer to perform dramatisations of these erotic stories for his court. The story of promoter Saul Holiff's turbulent life and his success making Johnny Cash a superstar. The real story of "4:20 Somethings" living in California's semi-legalized marijuana culture. From the streets of Bristol to the caverns of London and beyond, BanksyDoc finds the truths and explores the impact that the world's most famous graffiti artist has had on the art world, on the expression of protest and satire, and on the perception of what you can do with a spray can and a stencil. Furthermore, this documentary explores the highly active art collector's world and how the celebrity factor shockingly influences value. The film explores why dance matters - to those who create and perform it and to those who watch it. This documentary tells the remarkable story of how an abandoned Massachusetts farm has evolved into a National Historic Landmark and a nexus for dance throughout the world. Its unlikely purchase by choreographer Ted Shawn during the Great Depression allowed this secluded site in the Berkshires to become the internationally renowned Jacob's Pillow Dance Festival. Through candid conversations with world-class choreographers and dancers, thrilling performances, backstage access, and rare footage from the Pillow's Archives, 'Never Stand Still' immerses the viewer in this most ephemeral of art forms, celebrating not only its value to our culture but to our lives. The daughter of jazz pianist Joe Albany witnesses her beloved father's struggle -- and failure -- to kick his heroin habit. Jeff Bridges, alongside prominent scientists and authors, weaves evolution, emergence, entropy, dark ecology, and what some are calling the end of nature, into a story that helps us understand our place among the species of Earth's household. Kate and Will Spicer's brother, Tom, has Fragile X Syndrome, the most common form of inherited learning disability. He is also a massive fan of Lars Ulrich from Metallica. They made a promise to Tom that they would get him to meet Lars. Tom's dream is their promise. Together they went on a Mission to Lars. Though a childhood bout with polio left him dependent on an iron lung, Mark O'Brien (John Hawkes) maintains a career as a journalist and poet. A writing assignment dealing with sex and the disabled piques Mark's curiosity, and he decides to investigate the possibility of experiencing sex himself. When his overtures toward a caregiver scare her away, he books an appointment with sex surrogate Cheryl Green (Helen Hunt) to lose his virginity. Older people are using Viagra, running marathons, flying planes and ditching them safely on The Hudson. 'When We Get Together We Get Younger' plays as this Brooklyn Band of Buddies break bread and each other's chops every Wednesday evening. No avatars, no facebook, nothing virtual about this half century friendship. It's the real thing. Tell the chef thanks for the meal - Buddha's last words My father, who art in nature, is a documentary film by Alden Olmsted, son of California naturalist and John Muir follower John Olmsted. John left the family when Alden was very young to preserve thousands of acres of California parks from Mendocino to Lake Tahoe - including, among others, Jug Handle State Reserve, Goat Mountain, the South Yuba Wild &amp; Scenic River, Bridgeport covered bridge, the Independence Trail State Park, and many more. On September 29Th of this past year, cancer was found in John's liver, and he was given six months to live. Alden became his caregiver, and began chronicling this journey of forgiveness, and of finally getting to know his father. This film is his story. A review of the wild New York City nightlife of the 90s. The cast of characters who made up the infamous Club Kids speak candidly about that era, culminating with Alig's release from incarceration. After fighting his way through an apartment building populated by an army of dangerous criminals and escaping with his life, SWAT team member Rama goes undercover, joining a powerful Indonesian crime syndicate to protect his family and uncover corrupt members of his own force. Based on a true story. On 27 April 1940, Luftwaffe pilot Horst Schopis' Heinkel 111 bomber is shot down near Grotli by an RAF Blackburn Skua L2940 fighter, which then crash-lands. The surviving German and English crew members begin to at shoot each other, but later find themselves huddled up in the same cabin. In order to survive the harsh winter in the Norwegian wilderness, they have to stand together. An unlikely, lifelong friendship blossoms. A telling of the life of Colton Harris-Moore, notorious young airplane thief. A young boys dream of flying and designing airplanes becomes a reality when he breaks out of a halfway house at the age of 15 and steals the first of five airplanes. Colton's captor, lawyer, mother, the FBI team that hunted him for several years tell the almost unbelievable story of The Barefoot Bandit. A documentary chronicling the events surrounding three Americans arrested and held as political hostages in Iran and their families' campaign to free them. After General Flavius Aetius frees the Roman Empire from the clutches of Attila the Hun, Rome is once again secure. However, this assurance is short-lived, as Attila is no longer a threat, it only brings the Germanic tribes to once again unite against Rome. As the growing power of General Flavius Aetius becomes a threat to the Roman Senate, and the Emperor of Rome, Flavius becomes a victim of assassination to the Roman political hierarchy, which leaves Rome to two decades of corruption and turmoil. This unrest causes an intense decline in its infrastructure, finally brings the Empire to its inevitable demise. Leaving the Barbarians to finally fulfil their 400 years old dream, to destroy Rome once and for all. In 2001, editor Marty Baron of The Boston Globe assigns a team of journalists to investigate allegations against John Geoghan, an unfrocked priest accused of molesting more than 80 boys. Led by editor Walter "Robby" Robinson, reporters Michael Rezendes, Matt Carroll and Sacha Pfeiffer interview victims and try to unseal sensitive documents. The reporters make it their mission to provide proof of a cover-up of sexual abuse within the Roman Catholic Church. Shots ring out on a Brooklyn street and suddenly a young girl lies dead on her front steps. The killer's name is Zooman (Khalil Kain), and though dozens of neighbors saw the unintentional shooting, no one is willing to come forward with information. Life goes on, a killer goes free, and one grieving, broken father (Louis Gossett Jr.) is forced to take his cry for justice to the media, hoping to spark a confrontation with his daughter's murderer. Charles Dutton and CCH Pounder costar in this powerful original drama. This documentary shows the story of one of the last Mexican balloon vendors. This film explores the consequences of the decisions we take and shows those things which really matter. After leaving his wife and children and promising he would be back, a man lives in a tent at a Mexico City park. There, he earns his living by selling balloons. After 30 years, he needs to fulfill his promise and return home. Will his family accept him back? Is he going to be able to change a life on the streets for the comfort of his home? The story of music legend Terri Hooley, a key figure in Belfast's punk rock scene. Hooley founded the Good Vibrations store from which a record label sprung, representing bands such as The Undertones, Rudi and The Outcasts. How Frans Afman, a banker from the Netherlands, developed a new system for film financing, revolutionized independent filmmaking in Hollywood, but could not prevent it all from crashing down, when ambition of others turned into greed. The true story of the 4-year old son of a small-town pastor who, during emergency surgery, slips from consciousness and enters heaven. When he awakes, he recounts his experiences on the other side. A feature film about an unusual trio: DANIEL, a German photo-journalist in Istanbul without much knowledge about Middle Eastern values. CAN, a flamboyant, out and proud male belly dancer with lots of love and support from his family, and AHMET born to an eastern and conservative family whose quest for honesty and liberty results in a tragic end. ZENNE Dancer is inspired by true stories. The residents who live in Manila North Cemetery have carved out an intriguing existence alongside the dead. Ironically, death is their lifeblood and provides livelihoods for masons, gravekeepers, flower sellers, and even restauranteurs. "Showrunners" is the first ever feature length documentary film to explore the fascinating world of US television showrunners and the creative forces aligned around them. These are the people responsible for creating, writing and overseeing every element of production on one of the United State's biggest exports - television drama and comedy series.  Often described as the most complex job in the entertainment business, a showrunner is the chief writer / producer on a TV series and, in most instances, the show's creator. Battling daily between art and commerce, showrunners manage every aspect of a TV show's development and production: creative, financial and logistical. A documentary chronicling the rise of art as a response to political change that defined the 1980s.  A mixed media documentary incorporating art, music, animation, and spoken work Let Fury Have the Hour is told through the voices of the artists of the day. Algren will spotlight the hard-knock life and authentic creative legacy of one of the most underrated writers of the twentieth century, Nelson Algren. Algren's brutally honest portrayal of the American underclass and his hard-nosed lifestyle became his pathway to compassion. Through interviews with Algren contemporaries, experts, and "literary soulmates," as well as through the photography of Algren's friends, Art Shay and Stephen Deutch, the film will tell his story. It will celebrate his tremendous contribution to and influence on American letters, and push Algren, champion of the marginalized, out from the margins. Paul Raymond builds a porn, entertainment and real estate empire that makes him the wealthiest man in Britain, but drugs doom his beloved daughter, Debbie. The inspiring story of head football coach, Jeremy Williams, who, terminally ill with the ALS (also known as Lou Gehrig's disease) refuses to retire, deciding instead to coach for one last season. Rick Cohen's cameras follow him as his resilient Greenville Patriots high school team battles a tough Region 4 schedule in their quest for the Georgia state championship. A father figure to his underprivileged African-American players, Coach Williams is also a loving husband to his high-school sweetheart, and a loving father to two kids, one who is also stricken with a debilitating disease. Family and faith are the driving inspirations that enable Coach Williams to strive toward the impossible, making it truly a 'Season of a Lifetime.' The Beat Hotel, a new film by Alan Govenar, goes deep into the legacy of the American Beats in Paris during the heady years between 1957 and 1963, when Allen Ginsberg, Peter Orlovsky and Gregory Corso fled the obscenity trials in the United States surrounding the publication of Ginsberg's poem Howl. They took refuge in a cheap no-name hotel they had heard about at 9, Rue Git le Coeur and were soon joined by William Burroughs, Ian Somerville, Brion Gysin, and others from England and elsewhere in Europe, seeking out the "freedom" that the Latin Quarter of Paris might provide. A documentary that records the darkly humorous sequence of events leading up to a seance to manifest Big Edith Bouvier Beale and Little Edie Bouvier Beale so they can attend a celebration of the 35th anniversary of the original Maysles Grey Gardens film. Based on the fascinating archives and life of Lois Wright, artist and mystical Hamptons member of the original Beale ensemble who lived at Grey Gardens for 13 months and was an intimate friend of Big and Little Edie. Discloses never before seen photos and information and parodies Hamptons-style parties with ghost list invites to celebs such as Frank Sinatra and John Gotti. Hell and Mr. Fudge is an 2012 American drama film directed by Jeff Wood and written by Brian Phillip Stoddard. Based on a true story, the film stars Mackenzie Astin as Edward Fudge, an Alabama preacher who has been hired to determine the existence of hell. In 1994 a 13-year-old boy disappeared without a trace from his home in San Antonio, Texas. Three and a half years later he is found alive thousands of miles away in a village in southern Spain with a horrifying story of kidnap and torture. His family is overjoyed to bring him home. But all is not quite as it seems. Since the 1960's, journalists, scholars and filmmakers have been examining the Rastafarian movement in an attempt to explain its origins and its core beliefs. RasTa: A Soul's Journey, tells the story of the journey of Rita and Bob Marley's granddaughter's, Donisha Prendergast, to eight countries -- United States, United Kingdom, South Africa, India, Israel, Canada and Jamaica and Ethiopia -- to explore the roots, evolution and impact of Rastafari. On a particularly busy day at a suburban Ohio fast food joint, high-strung manager Sandra receives a phone call from a police officer saying that an employee, a pretty young blonde named Becky, has stolen money from a customer. Shaken by a divorce in the 1920s, Portuguese poetess Florbela Espanca uses her writing to deal with her tumultuous relationship with men, eroticism and love. Documentary on the life and work of legendary director Bernardo Bertolucci, using filmed interviews he has given over the last 50 years. A biographical drama centered on the rivalry between Formula 1 drivers James Hunt and Niki Lauda during the 1976 Formula One motor-racing season. A chronicle of a supermarket security guard's obsession with a late-shift janitor. Miriam Torres stopped seeing and hearing at the age of 7. She learned to speak whilst being deaf-blind and now at 55 years old, she teaches other people with the same disability on how to communicate with others. Based on the diaries of Miriam, the film takes you through the inner journey of a woman seeking to recall the forgotten sights and sounds of her childhood, her mother's face, her own face, and the last image she saw and heard in her life. A documentary filmmaker turns his lens on an enigmatic conspiracy theorist who claims he's found the entrance to a vast underground city populated entirely by monsters. Co-director Avishai Yeganyahu Mekonen's incredible story of his family's exodus from Ethiopia to Israel. He was 10 years old when his family, members of the Beta Israel, a secluded 2500-year old community of observant Jews in northern Ethiopia, began their escape. Kidnapped from a refugee camp in Sudan, Avishai was eventually freed and transported to Israel as part of Operation Moses. As part of a racial minority in Israel, Avishai longed for a place where he wouldn't be called "falasha" (outsider). Now a U.S. resident, Avishai draws on his experiences and launches an inquiry into other Jewish minority groups, leading him to other African, Asian and Latino Jews in Israel and the United States. Feature-length documentary following Canadian funny man Shaun Majumder as he embarks on his first ever cross-Canada solo stand-up tour from St. John's, Newfoundland to Victoria, B.C. Everyone has a story and Shaun is the quintessential storyteller. In this film, we get to see how a stand-up act develops from the genesis of the idea, to its being worked, reworked, and reworked again. Director Peter Esteves' unique and unprecedented access to Shaun's life goes beyond the public persona providing a window that is both funny and deeply revealing. As the story unfolds, a more intimate and complex side of one of Canada's funniest people is revealed. A documentary that goes behind the scenes of the movie Illegal Aliens, and a filmmaker's journey from obscurity to moral blindness in the seductive glare of the media spotlight. Based on the true story of two young men, David Packouz and Efraim Diveroli, who won a $300 million contract from the Pentagon to arm America's allies in Afghanistan. Based on a true story about the collapse at the mine in San Jose, Chile that left 33 miners isolated underground for 69 days. Krishna Das is on a journey to India to discover legendary spiritual teacher Neem Karoli Baba, through drug addiction and depression, to his eventual emergence as a world-famous Kirtan singer. A documentary portrait of Maine's 2009 Question One referendum, addressing the rights of same-sex couples to marry. Ellie and Jake fall in love, but struggle with their relationship when they discover an unexpected connection between their pasts. A lifelong love of flight inspires Japanese aviation engineer Jiro Horikoshi, whose storied career includes the creation of the A-6M World War II fighter plane. A joyous romp through the dance, food, music, friendship, and even religion of the Polka. The explosive energy and high spirits of the polka subculture are rendered with warmth and dedication to scholarship in this journey through Polish-American celebrations. Polka stars like Jimmy Sturr, Eddie Blazonzyck and Walt Solek are featured. A true sports story that utterly defies the odds, Duguay's film captures the wild ups and downs of the Olympics-bound career of legendary equine star Jappeloup and his troubled rider, locked in a tense relationship with his horseman father and forever uncertain of his own skills as an equestrian Winter, 1915. Confined by her family to an asylum in the South of France - where she will never sculpt again - the chronicle of Camille Claudel's reclusive life, as she waits for a visit from her brother, Paul Claudel. The life story of one of Britain's most notorious bare-knuckle fighters, Lenny McLean, also known as "the Guv'nor." In the pre-Civil War United States, Solomon Northup, a free black man from upstate New York, is abducted and sold into slavery. Facing cruelty as well as unexpected kindnesses Solomon struggles not only to stay alive, but to retain his dignity. In the twelfth year of his unforgettable odyssey, Solomon's chance meeting with a Canadian abolitionist will forever alter his life. A narrative feature film inspired by the events known as the Beltway sniper attacks. Documentary looking at the life and career of 1930s film star Leslie Howard. It features exclusive home movie footage, including footage from the Gone with the Wind set. The film includes extensive interviews with Howard's daughter, Leslie Ruth "Doodie" Howard, and contributions from friends and colleagues. The almost entirely true story of Abraham Lincoln and his self-appointed bodyguard, U.S. Marshal Ward Hill Lamon - a banjo-playing Southerner who foiled repeated attempts on the President's life, and kept him functioning during the darkest hours of the Civil War. Raised in the Tennessee mountains, Wayne White started his career as a cartoonist in NYC. He quickly found success as one of the creators of the Pee-wee's Playhouse TV show which soon led to more work designing some of the most arresting and iconic images in pop culture. Recently his word paintings featuring pithy and and often sarcastic text statements finely crafted onto vintage landscape paintings have made him a darling of the fine art world. The movie chronicles the vaulted highs and crushing lows of an artist struggling to find peace and balance between his professional work and his personal art. This is especially complicated for a man who struggles with the virtues he most often mocks in his art...Vanity, ego and fame.  Alice, the only relatively normal member of the eccentric Sycamore family, falls in love with Tony Kirby. His wealthy banker father, Anthony P. Kirby, and his snobbish mother, strongly disapprove of the match. When the Kirbys are invited to dinner to become better acquainted with their future in-laws, things do not turn out the way Alice had hoped. On the south face of Annapurna, at 7,400 metres, Inaki Ochoa de Olza is dying. His rope companion sounds the alarm. And, from the other side of the world, the biggest rescue attempt in the history of the Himalayas gets underway. For four days a dozen men including some of the best mountaineers in the world, from ten countries, set out to try to rescue their stricken comrade.  Even beyond his peaks Inaki is an exceptional man. As exceptional as the rescue attempt itself and the men who risked their lives to save him. Exceptional because their one driving rule is to live.  To live in the only way possible: with pure intensity and honesty. A short about what happens under and around us. A chipmunk and a small mouse go on an adventure; they grow and learn about life and its obstacles. A documentary film detailing Glen Campbell's final tour and his struggle with Alzheimer's disease. Five interwoven stories of remarkable courage from Nuremberg to Rwanda, from Darfur to Syria, and from apathy to action. Aysel is your typical farmer's daughter; she keeps to herself, does her chores, and helps take care of her aging father. All of that is about to change though when a group of men staying at Aysel and her father's home after their car breaks down, rape Aysel and kill her father. The men return to their normal lives in the city but Aysel has followed them back and has plans for revenge. The Raw Natural documentary explores professional athletes reaching peak performance and untapped potential through raw food nutrition. The film highlights, Evan Strong, who regains his competitive edge in sports through raw food nutrition after a tragic accident that causes him to lose a leg and end his professional career in skateboarding. Evan's accident becomes the impetus for his change in diet to simple, healthy raw food nutrition. Evan is now the world champion in adaptive Snowboarding (Ranked # 1 at the XGames, World Cup, Nationals, etc) See how raw food nutrition has led to incredible new triumphs in the athletic careers of professional athletes in surfing, MMA fighting, tennis, baseball, snowboarding and more... This film also features renowned raw food chefs and leading health and nutrition experts, as well as top athletes and professional players who are also experiencing the benefits from raw food nutrition. What would you do to stay in the game? Recorded in the shadow of the World Trade Center towers only months after their collapse, A QUESTION OF SUNLIGHT links 9/11 with the Holocaust, via "the telling of memories" by visual artist Jose Urbach, witness to both. Jose speaks almost magically, from childhood to the present, and anywhere in between. He was a Polish child born into the Holocaust, and as he watched the first plane smash into the World Trade Center from his kitchen window in lower Manhattan, he had a radical flashback, recalling the start of WWII. The irony is that he was in his mother's belly that day - he was born six months later. Ordinary Joe presents a captivating portrait of Joe Sciacca, a beer drinking, blue-collar Vietnam War veteran from Long Island, NY whose life proves to be anything but ordinary. Driven by complex motives, Joe annually returns to Vietnam traveling its back alleys and country roads, searching out the poor, diseased and disabled. By single-mindedly delivering envelopes of small donations collected back home, this brash New Yorker has proven to be an unlikely champion to a far away and seemingly forgotten people. Professor Vujic's Hat (Serbian: Sesir profesora Koste Vujica) is a Serbian movie.  The story was first presentet as a TV drama in 1972. The story of professor Kosta Vujic who in the mid-19th century taught an extraordinarily talented generation of gymnasium students, some of whom would go on to become prominent members of the Serbian society and eventually historically significant figures. They include Mihailo "Mika Alas" Petrovic, Stevan Stojanovic Mokranjac, Jovan Cvijic, and Jasa Prodanovic. Crocodile in the Yangtze follows China's first Internet entrepreneur and former English teacher, Jack Ma, as he battles US giant eBay on the way to building China's first global Internet company, Alibaba Group. An independent memoir written, directed and produced by an American who worked in Ma's company for eight years, Crocodile in the Yangtze captures the emotional ups and downs of life in a Chinese Internet startup at a time when the Internet brought China face-to-face with the West.  Crocodile in the Yangtze draws on 200 hours of archival footage filmed by over 35 sources between 1995 and 2009. The film presents a strikingly candid portrait of Ma and his company, told from the point of view of an "American fly on a Chinese wall" who witnessed the successes and the mistakes Alibaba encountered as it grew from a small apartment into a global company employing 16,000 staff. A victim from World War II's "Death Railway" sets out to find those responsible for his torture. A true story. Muhammad Ali's historic Supreme Court battle from behind closed doors. When Ali was drafted into the Vietnam War at the height of his boxing career, his claim to conscientious objector status led to a controversial legal battle that rattled the U.S. judicial system right up to the highest court in the land. A film about the American artist Mark Lombardi who created graphic artwork laying out the powers and opaque network of the global elites from the economic and finance sectors, as well as terrorists; and whose masterpieces crossed wires with the FBI after the attacks on September 11th. Lombardi had hung himself one year earlier in his New York studio. Who was this Mark Lombardi, a man whose work was so explosive that even terrorist hunters were using it as research? The film portrays an incredibly brilliant artist who took on the social function of a watchdog by using public information and arranging it to expose the grand illegal practices in the globalized world. Before Bad Brains, the Sex Pistols or even the Ramones, there was Death. Formed in the early '70s by three teenage brothers from Detroit, Death is credited as being the first black punk band, and the Hackney brothers, David, Bobby, and Dannis, are now considered pioneers in their field. But it wasn't until recently -- when a dusty 1974 demo tape made its way out of Bobby's attic nearly 30 years after Death's heyday -- that anyone outside a small group of punk enthusiasts had even heard of them. China is the first country in the world to classify Internet addiction as a clinical disorder. Caught in the Net features a Beijing treatment center where Chinese teenagers are being "deprogrammed," and follows the story of three boys from the day they arrive at the center, to their three-month treatment period, and their long awaited return home. The film provides a microcosm of modern Chinese life and investigates one of the symptoms of the Internet age. It examines inter-generational pressures and the disregard of the human rights of minors who get caught in the net. This is an independent documentary film that tells the stories of Jewish people who were displaced by the Second World War, but concentrates on the vibrant cultural and family life they experienced in their youth that ultimately was most influential in their lives. It explores the connection between old age and childhood, asking questions about what remains of childhood in our later years, as well as engaging interesting issues of self- identity, Jewish identity, and the struggle to make any sense of our experience. It includes interviews with Shimon Peres, President of the state of Israel, Walter Kohn, Nobel laureate in Chemistry, Robert Aumann, Nobel Laureate in economics, and Children's book author Uri Orlev. Olof Palme was openly shot to death on a February evening 1986 on the streets of Stockholm. In one night, the country of Sweden was transfigured. "Palme" is about his life, his time, and about the Sweden he had created. About a man who altered history. Watch Jennifer Leitham perform and it's obvious the striking redhead is an original. When this world-famous jazz bassist takes center-stage, her entire body dances with the bass as her long, fiery hair whips and bobs to the blistering pace set by her fingers. She's a special talent made all the more unique because Jennifer Leitham began her life and career as John Leitham. I STAND CORRECTED charts Leitham's rise as a virtuoso of the upright bass and reveals how she risked everything with her decision to undergo sexual reassignment surgery. An intimate study of Leitham's life, the film explores the fears she wrestled with as she rose through the ranks of the jazz world, and celebrates the joy she discovered after embracing her female identity. An intimate portrait of Paul Kelly, Australia's foremost singer-songwriter. In a career spanning more than thirty years he has documented the history of our country, described its landscapes and cities, and captured the lives and loves of its citizens. Kelly has written over 350 songs, penned lyrics for many other singers, co-authored songs and written for film. But like all great artists Paul Kelly is both candid and reserved. He has lived in the public eye but has remained an enigma. Finland's most daring musician, the accordionist, composer, performer Kimmo Pohjonen, revolutionizes the accordion and shatters traditional musical standards. Extraordinary sounds explode from his custom built accordion and its bellows including electronic effects, accordion samples, voice, farm machines, animals and string quartet. Pohjonen bridges the gap between experimental, rock, folk and classic genres in fact creating an entirely new accordion music world. His performances are reminiscent of the violence of Roman gladiators and the castigation of medieval monks. The film is a journey of an exceptional artist grounded in basic human truths. The Cinematography and drama reveal a distinctive Scandinavian viewpoint. From the startling opening - the hero walks across an expanse of ice and drops through a hole into frigid water - right to the very end; a dramatic pace draws the viewer in, revealing the inner struggle of this iconoclast. Performance artist Marina Abramovic prepares for a major retrospective of her work at the Museum of Modern Art in New York. A tribute to a living legend, celebrating the life and music of the artist Morten Lauridsen A love-struck landlord tries to convince a pretty tanant to dump her fiance and give him a chance. Between 1944-1953, courageous resistance movement took place in the Baltic region of Europe, uniting the partisan troops for struggle against the Soviet Union. "The Invisible Front" was a coded name used by the Soviet Interior forces to describe the resistance movement in Lithuania. Film depicts the story of the fighters through the words and experience of the partisan leader, Juozas Luksa, and interviews with eyewitnesses of those events - both the partisans and the Soviet fighters. Tales of horror, torture and courage are told in the rare archival footage that has never been screened before, and interviews with the surviving members of the resistance movement. Comedian Bert Kreischer is ready to take his shirt off and "party hardy" with his debut Netflix Original stand-up special, Bert Kreischer: Secret Time. Considered one of the best storytellers of his generation, Bert regales the audience at the Trocadero Theatre in Philadelphia with stories about zip-lining with his family, his daughter practicing softball with an imaginary ball, and upstaging ex-NBA player Ralph Sampson at a childhood basketball camp. A team of CIA agents and special forces head into Afghanistan in the aftermath of the September 11th attacks in an attempt to dismantle the Taliban. Youthful Father Chuck O'Malley led a colorful life of sports, song, and romance before joining the Roman Catholic clergy. After being appointed to a run-down New York parish, O'Malley's worldly knowledge helps him connect with a gang of boys looking for direction, eventually winning over the aging, conventional Parish priest. Huge numbers were placed there for life. Some were deemed hopeless cases, never to be part of society again. These were the patients and residents of New Zealand's 'Bins', the huge psychiatric hospitals that dotted the country up until the 90s. 'Mental Notes' tracks the intersecting stories of five remarkable New Zealanders. Their marginalised experiences form the backbone of a social history that many still feel uncomfortable to acknowledge. This hand drawn animated film, based on the award winning graphic novel by Raymond Briggs, is an intimate and affectionate depiction of the life and times of his parents, two ordinary Londoners living through extraordinary events. You may have heard of him, and you've definitely heard his work, but now find out about the real Butch Walker and his band the Black Widows as we take you on a personal journey inside one of the greatest minds in contemporary music. Using the book 'Fragments', which collects Marilyn Monroe's poems, notes and letters, and with participation from the Arthur Miller and Truman Capote estates who have contributed more material, each of the actresses will embody the legend at various stages in her life. Set backstage at three iconic product launches and ending in 1998 with the unveiling of the iMac, Steve Jobs takes us behind the scenes of the digital revolution to paint an intimate portrait of the brilliant man at its epicenter. Internationally acclaimed ventriloquist Nina Conti, takes the bereaved puppets of her mentor and erstwhile lover Ken Campbell on a pilgrimage to 'Venthaven' the resting place for puppets of dead ventriloquists. She gets to know her latex and wooden travelling partners along the way, and with them deconstructs herself and her lost love in this ventriloquial docu-mocumentary requiem. Ken Campbell was a hugely respected maverick of the British Theatre, an eccentric genius who would snort out forgotten artforms. Nina was his prodigy in ventriloquism and has been said to have reinvented the artform. This film is truly unique in genre and style. No one has seen ventriloquism like this before. John Irving's literary worlds are satirically exaggerated, socially critical, unexpectedly magical. But how do these dazzling, sometimes bizarre, narrative worlds emerge? A unique insight into his writing workshop and a search of the places and people who have become part of his stories. This is the strange but true story of Wild Bill Cooper. Part Arctic adventure and part crime caper, WILD BILL'S RUN is an unforgettable ride with a true American folk hero.  In the winter of 1972, Wild Bill Cooper led a ragtag crew of mechanics, ranchers and photographers on a grueling expedition across the polar ice. During some of the darkest days of the Cold War, their goal was to snowmobile 5,000 miles from Minnesota to Moscow. Why is it that Billy Bob Thornton, Dave Matthews, Peter Buck, Derek Trucks, Phish, Widespread Panic, and Blues Traveler are all huge fans of Colonel Bruce Hampton, but you've never heard of him? Bruce began his career with an unprecedented six figure record deal in 1970. The Hampton Grease Band's first album went on to be the worst selling album in the history of Columbia Records. He made a brave decision and continued his musical career, devoting himself to creating pure art rather than attempt any commercial success. The result has been an amazing, influential 50 year catalog of music and philosophy. Dubbed the father of the Jam Band music scene, he is a guru to many a celeb. Why is he still a secret? Furthest from the Wild is a journey through the world of Animal Sanctuaries all over the world. We share the Triumphs and struggles of the people who have dedicated their lives in rescuing neglected and abused animals. The fight and pain in keeping them healthy and giving them shelter for their remaining lives. If you had something to say to the world, how would you do it? 'A Man & His Mountain' is the story of Leonard Knight. A man whose conviction and dedication led him on a thirty year journey to spread the message burned on his heart. Here is a look at the creator of Salvation Mountain. Over six years, BURIED ABOVE GROUND tells the stories of three Americans battling the symptoms of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) - an Iraq War veteran; a Hurricane Katrina evacuee; and a child abuse and domestic violence survivor. "Getting Up" is a film about legendary L.A. graffiti artist Tony "Tempt" Quan who was diagnosed with ALS and became almost completely paralyzed. Through the use of some amazing technology Tony is able to continue making art with the movement of his eyes. Thief: Someday You Will Pay Based on the real life story of legendary cryptanalyst Alan Turing, the film portrays the nail-biting race against time by Turing and his brilliant team of code-breakers at Britain's top-secret Government Code and Cypher School at Bletchley Park, during the darkest days of World War II. An intimate view of the women whose images have defined our sense of beauty over the past five decades. An uncensored look at many of the biggest names in modeling, the movie reveals the stories behind the magazine covers displaying these multicultural pioneers. Each woman is candidly interviewed in the studio and shares her experiences, ideas on longevity, and philosophy of life in the fashion industry. Elegant archival footage and interviews with designer Calvin Klein and agency head Eileen Ford round out this absorbing chronicle. Bidder 70 centers on an extraordinary, ingenious and effective act of civil disobedience demanding government and industry accountability. In 2008, University of Utah economics student Tim DeChristopher committed an act which would redefine patriotism in our time, igniting a spirit of civil disobedience in the name of climate justice. We Came Home is the story of Afghanistan through Afghan American musician, Ariana Delawari. Born in LA, the year the Soviets invade Afghanistan, her home's filled with refugees, Afghan music and her father's dedication to Afghanistan, a country nobody else seemed to care about. After 9/11, her parents move to Kabul to help reconstruct. Ariana spends ten years between LA and Afghanistan, documenting her father's homeland in photographs, film and music. During the Taliban resurgence, Ariana records an album with master musicians in Kabul, revealing the challenges of building anything in this country. Ariana experiences firsthand the threat of war and corruption when her father is arrested. Through this, she unexpectedly realizes why her father could never abandon his people. She now understands Afghanistan cannot be forgotten. A compilation of home movies and video journals shot by a depressed teenage girl. Iverson is the ultimate legacy of NBA legend Allen Iverson, who rose from a childhood of crushing poverty in Hampton, Virginia, to become an 11-time NBA All-Star and universally recognized icon of his sport. Off the court, his audacious rejection of conservative NBA convention and unapologetic embrace of hip hop culture sent shockwaves throughout the league and influenced an entire generation. Told largely in Iverson's own words, the film charts the career highs and lows of one of the most distinctive and accomplished figures the sport of basketball has ever seen. Tells Lacey Schwartz's story of growing up in a typical upper-middle-class Jewish household in Woodstock, NY, with loving parents and a strong sense of her Jewish identity -- despite the open questions from those around her about how a white girl could have such dark skin. She believes her family's explanation that her looks were inherited from her dark-skinned Sicilian grandfather. But when her parents abruptly split, her gut starts to tell her something different.  At age of 18, she finally confronts her mother and learns the truth: her biological father was not the man who raised her, but a black man named Rodney with whom her mother had had an affair. Van Vlahakis left Greece five decades ago with 22 dollars in his pocket. He arrived in the US hoping for a better future for him and his family. Eftichios as is his Greek name not only managed to live the American dream for himself, but also created Earth Friendly Products, a US giant for environmentally friendly cleaning products. His story is not only about transforming his life but also the lives of the ones around him as the owner and CEO of Earth Friendly Products. The story centers on the modern day Vlahakis, who is diagnosed with cancer and given only few months to live. During this time, he reflects on his early life as an immigrant during the 1950's and ultimately decides to push himself to the limit by closing one final business deal that will concretize his company's success, even if it means taking on a large corporation that is trying to take over his company. A war veteran's vision of Jesus leads him to renounce everything he owns and form a fraternity of oddball eccentrics to join him in Gospel poverty. It's One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest meet an intelligent dose of Christianity...on the streets of Brooklyn. Follows the story of the challenging relationship between Billie and her younger schizophrenic sister, Elizabeth Baby. After their mother dies, Billie takes responsibility by moving Baby in with her family, including her husband, their teenage son and young daughter. At first, Baby and the family work to adjust to their new living arrangement. However, after a disturbing incident involving her son and Baby, it becomes clear to Billie that she and her family are not equipped to handle Baby's illness, ultimately forcing her to make the difficult decision to do what's best for her sister and her family. Set against the backdrop of 'the beautiful game', Black and White Stripes tells the epic story of Italy's legendary Agnelli family and their team, Juventus F.C., as they set out to capture an elusive gold star in order to avoid annihilation. As the inspirational journey unfolds, the film weaves in game-changing moments from their heart-wrenching legacy - revealing the profound passion between family and team. On and off the field it's love, war and breathtaking cinema. Generation Baby Buster is a documentary feature that explores why so many women are just saying no to procreation. Armed with insight from those who write and think about the current state of affairs for mothers, the director confronts her own ambivalence towards children head on and offers up some baby food-for-thought to a new generation of women: the baby busters. Armed with inspiration and a variety of materials, Brazilian artist Bel Borba turns his hometown of Salvador into an ever-evolving art gallery. The resulting work is an expression of his creativity -- and his love for the city that spawned it. An aging Japanese bike gangster mentors a crop of halfhearted pledges threatened by police pressure. In doing so, he confronts his tough guy past and dwindling options for the future. Documentary about the English musician and broadcaster Ken Sykora. The story of Daniele Delpeuch and how she was appointed as the private chef for Francois Mitterrand. The story of former Hollywood star Grace Kelly's crisis of marriage and identity, during a political dispute between Monaco's Prince Rainier III and France's Charles De Gaulle, and a looming French invasion of Monaco in the early 1960s. The special is an installment (there's also a Passover version) of "Bubbe's Boarding House," an educational program that was released on VHS in 1989. The 42-minute-long musical features a Sesame Street-style puppet cast of animals and people-like creatures, many of whom live together in the boarding house. In the Chanukah episode, siblings Zack and Muffin and their friend Chester come to visit their bubbe (grandmother in Yiddish) for the holiday. A track coach in a small California town transforms a team of athletes into championship contenders. Bill Mitchell is the philandering and distant President of the United States. Dave Kovic is a sweet-natured and caring Temp Agency operator, who by a staggering coincidence looks exactly like the President. As such, when Mitchell wants to escape an official luncheon, the Secret Service hires Dave to stand in for him. Unfortunately, Mitchell suffers a severe stroke whilst having sex with one of his aides, and Dave finds himself stuck in the role indefinitely. The corrupt and manipulative Chief of Staff, Bob Alexander, plans to use Dave to elevate himself to the White House - but unfortunately, he doesn't count on Dave enjoying himself in office, using his luck to make the country a better place, and falling in love with the beautiful First Lady... In 2005, filmmaker Broderick Fox was found on the Berlin subway tracks with his head split open and a lethal blood alcohol level of 0.47. Strangers pulled him to safety, giving him a second chance at life and propelling him on a global journey to explore the limits of body, mind, spirit and art. Spanning Germany, Canada, Japan, Kenya, and the United States, Fox's journey includes collaborations with Canadian First-Nations artist Rande Cook and African-American artist Zulu, who help him memorialize his experiences in a full back tattoo. In our digital age where personal confession and self-exposure abound, Fox instead transforms his experiences into art, making a film that is both innovative and accessible. An intimate portrait of Anton Corbijn as he travels the world as a photographer, film maker and video artist... Featuring collectors, dealers, auctioneers and a rich range of artists, including market darlings George Condo, Jeff Koons, Gerhard Richter and Njideka Akunyili Crosby, this documentary examines the role of art and artistic passion in today's money-driven, consumer-based society. In the questionable town of Deer Meadow, Washington, FBI Agent Desmond inexplicably disappears while hunting for the man who murdered a teen girl. The killer is never apprehended, and, after experiencing dark visions and supernatural encounters, Agent Dale Cooper chillingly predicts that the culprit will claim another life. Meanwhile, in the more cozy town of Twin Peaks, hedonistic beauty Laura Palmer hangs with lowlifes and seems destined for a grisly fate. Film from Alfredo Galindo Harlem Street Singer tells the little-known story of Reverend Gary Davis, the great American ragtime, blues and gospel guitarist. Not only is he one of the greatest folk guitar players of all time, he also represents the sweep of popular music in America during the twentieth century. Harlem Street Singer traces his journey from the tobacco warehouses of the rural south to the streets of Harlem, and onto the 1960s folk music scene, a blind street musician and itinerant preacher who rose out of abject poverty to influence a generation of musicians from Ramblin' Jack Elliott to the Grateful Dead. Documentary about Bob and Kathy Burns, the goodwill ambassadors of science fiction film fandom.  A behind-the-scenes look inside the case to overturn California's ban on same-sex marriage. Shot over five years, the film follows the unlikely team that took the first federal marriage equality lawsuit to the U.S. Supreme Court. A socially awkward but very bright 15-year-old girl being raised by a single mom discovers that she is the princess of a small European country because of the recent death of her long-absent father, who, unknown to her, was the crown prince of Genovia. She must make a choice between continuing the life of a San Francisco teen or stepping up to the throne. Childhood memories play on the mind of the central character, Garry. Many years on, he returns to his native town. Everything feels alien and strange. Our hero comes back to recover his memories, the good ones and the bad ones, the pleasant ones and the painful ones. Will the old fortune-teller Nina, a well-known dream gatherer in the city, be able to set an already grownup man free of the chains of the past which had become unbearable by that time? Or will our hero, Garry alleviate her life by discovering his freedom? For No Good Reason a film about Ralph Steadman. Johnny Depp guides the visually stunning journey, smashing narrative conventions, moving seamlessly from interview to animation and in the finest Gonzo tradition questions of witness and authenticity are challenged. Steadman's art is for the first time animated, including illustrations from Hunter S Thompson's Fear and Loathing in Las Vagas. Featuring Richard E Grant, Terry Gilliam, Bruce Robinson and with music from Slash, The All American Rejects, Jason Mraz, Crystal Castles, Ed Hardcourt and Beth Orton. A touching and at times funny film about honesty, friendship and the ambition driving an artist. This is a true record of the demise of the 20th Century counterculture and hipster dream with Ralph Steadman the last of the Gonzo visionaries. "Monica Z" is a biopic about the Swedish singer and actress Monica Zetterlund focusing on her journey from a job as a telephone operator in a small town in Sweden to stardom in the clubs of New York and Stockholm. I remember the night when the history of my family changed. We received a phone call from Peru saying that my aunt Sibila was in prison accused of forming part of the Shining Path. I was seven years old and my parent's protective silence made me transform her image into a great mystery. She was kept in prison for 15 years. Today she is free and I want to get close to her, to listen and to understand. Paul Simon returns to South Africa to explore the incredible journey of his historic Graceland album, including the political backlash he received for allegedly breaking the UN cultural boycott of South Africa designed to end the Apartheid regime.  On the 25th anniversary of Paul Simon's GRACELAND, acclaimed documentary filmmaker Joe Berlinger offers a glimpse at the controversy surrounding the decision to record the album in South Africa despite a UN boycott of the nation, which was aimed at ending apartheid. In the run-up to an eagerly anticipated reunion concert, Simon, Quincy Jones, Peter Gabriel, David Byrne, Harry Belafonte, Paul McCartney and others reflect on the decision to record with local artists in South Africa, and the cultural impact of the album that delivered such hits as "I Know What I Know" and "You Can Call Me Al." How was it possible that a single man influenced contemporary world so significantly? This film is an attempt to capture the phenomenon of a common man's metamorphosis into a charismatic leader -- an attempt to see how a Gdansk shipyard electrician fighting for workers' rights awakened a hidden desire for freedom in millions of people. Nacho Duato bows goodbye to the Spanish National Dance. A rare look at the inventiveness of the human spirit through reimagining the history of Bluegrass Music from Bill Monroe to today's musicians. WWII American Army Medic Desmond T. Doss, who served during the Battle of Okinawa, refuses to kill people and becomes the first Conscientious Objector in American history to receive the Congressional Medal of Honor. When doctors diagnosed 19-year-old rock star Jason Becker with Lou Gehrig's Disease, they said he would never make music again and that he wouldn't live to see his 25th birthday. 22 years later, without the ability to move or to speak, Jason is alive and making music with his eyes. Mexico's half-forgotten B-movie master, "involuntary surrealist" Juan Orol (1897-1988), receives a pitch-perfect tribute in this deft, irresistible love letter to a self-made man of showbiz whose career spanned half a century and nearly 60 films. Abetted by an all-pro cast, del Amo's brilliant interpretation of Orol's life exudes a droll underdog charm, and almost every frame is an infectious homage to the golden age of cinema, the wiles of memory, and the art of fantasy. Biography - Taylor Alison Swift has evolved into one of the most popular names in modern music. Her strong voice and natural charm has made her the most successful country music artist in history. At the tender age of 21, she's already sold over 34 million digital tracks alone. However her success is no coincidence! Taylor Swift is one of the hardest working performers in music. This biography picture goes beyond the music and explores the challenges and triumphs of Taylor Swift, the American Beauty. -  Kathie Bostian, Holly Burns, Reid Cox The Village of Peace reveals the untold story of the African Hebrew Israelites, an incredible group originally from Chicago, now thriving in the Israeli desert. The stories and perspectives of four Village members are woven together to illustrate a place unlike any other; a community enlightened by ancient scripture and determined to prioritize 'life' in its purest form. The polygamous and vegan practices of the African Hebrew Israelites are just a few unique elements embedded in their foundation, principles, and daily lifestyle. Ultimately we are shown a place remarkable in its beauty and purity, though uncertain in its future. Filmed on the impoverished island of La Gonave, Haiti, Mud and Guts - The Search for Water in La Gonave, Haiti tells the story of the trials, tribulations, and triumphs in providing fresh water to a desperately thirsty island. In La Gonave, only 25% of families have unpolluted water to drink. Disease is rampant. One in five children will die before their 5th birthday. This film follows a group of guys who work selflessly to change those statistics by bringing fresh water to the Haitian people. During America's Civil War Union spies steal engineer Johnnie Gray's beloved locomotive The General - his lady love, Annabelle Lee, aboard an attached boxcar - and he single-handedly must do all in his power to both get The General back and to rescue Annabelle. Released throughout most of the world in 1927, this Silent comedy-action film flopped when originally released, but now is regarded as one of the great American motion pictures. The story is based on actual historic events. The incredible rise to fame of 63-year-old aspiring soul singer Charles Bradley, whose debut album took him from a hard life in the Brooklyn Housing Projects to Rolling Stone Magazine's top 50 albums of 2011. Menahem Golan and Yoram Globus were two movie-obsessed cousins from Israel who became Hollywood's ultimate gate-crashers. Following their own skewed version of the Great American Dream, they bought an already low-rent brand - Cannon Films - and ratcheted up its production to become so synonymous with schlock that the very sight of its iconic logo made audiences boo throughout the 1980s. And yet who could have foreseen how close they came to nearly taking over Hollywood and the UK film industry? This riveting documentary explores the life of Angel Walker, a burlesque legend who entertains legions of fans worldwide. Angel's legacy is filled with San Francisco counterculture, Las Vegas stage door johns, and a sexuality she refused to closet. Two South Africans set out to discover what happened to their unlikely musical hero, the mysterious 1970s rock 'n' roller, Rodriguez. The film won Best Documentary at the 85th Academy Awards. A young man brings scientists to his grandfather's house-turned-museum, purportedly showing evidence of an ancient civilization of reptilian humanoids on Earth. What starts as a search for scientific truth turns up other, unexpected truths. Kanab, Utah, a small, western town founded by Mormon polygamists, is now the scene of a city divided. The people are split between a religious majority, struggling to assert its conservative identity, and a vocal minority determined to make their home in a community afraid of change. Fearing a threat to their way of life, the mayor and city council unanimously approve a resolution. This defines the kind of families they would like to see move in as 'one man, one woman' with a 'full quiver' of children. Natural Family Values is an intimate portrait of a community at odds with itself, and what happens when democracy and theocracy clash. THE INVISIBLE STRING tells the fascinating love story between human beings and flying plastic. The documentary takes the audience on a trip from the very beginning of pie pin tossing at the Frisbie's Pie bakery in Connecticut back at the turn of the century to the Rose Bowl World Championships in the late 1970s up to the hottest spots of today. It's a journey into the heart and mind of the people that started it all by inventing games, skills, and creating a global family. Rare archive footage of the 1970s and 1980s, when playing Frisbee grew to become a major alternative sport just as popular as skateboarding or surfing, alters with Monty Pythonesque animations on the joy of throwing flying objects. The most influential people give their personal accounts as remarkable stories are told revolving around living with flying discs. Hanna Ranch is a feature documentary about visionary cattleman Kirk Hanna and his personal struggle to protect a once prominent way of life in Colorado. Born into a life on the family ranch, Hanna became a leader in the environmental ranching movement that set out to protect the West from the relentless encroachment of development and misuse.  Featured in the book Fast Food Nation and dubbed the "eco-cowboy," he was an early adopter of Holistic Resource Management practices, sat on numerous environmental boards and was president of the Colorado Cattleman's Association. Hanna's opinion was so widely sought and respected, many even saw him as a future governor of Colorado. But when his dream of harmony and sustainability ran up against the reality of family conflict and mounting threats to the land, Hanna lost hope.  Kirk's legacy and fight live on as his family and friends continue to protect the West by saving Hanna Ranch. Inspired by actual events, a group of fame-obsessed teenagers use the Internet to track celebrities' whereabouts in order to rob their homes. U.S. Rep. Joseph Cao of New Orleans confronts the realities of racial and partisan politics in the South, while serving two years as a Louisiana congressman. This elegiac essay explores the year leading up to Pier Paolo Pasolini's murder in 1975. Through staging scenes from his last, unfinished novel, to exploring his polemical essays, and his first and last film, this experimental biography documents the final words of one of the most important filmmakers of the 20th century. Famed for her extraordinary vocal range and uncanny ability to reach the emotional core of a song,  We Will Always Love You pays tribute to that magnificent body of work and takes a closer look at the woman who brought it to life.Blessed with a once-in-a-lifetime talent and nurtured as an artist by legendary mentors Dionne Warwick and Aretha Franklin, Whitney Houston's life had all of the makings of a modern fairytale and, in many ways, it was. The singer scored a remarkable ten #1 hit singles, and even made a successful transition to the silver screen in The Bodyguard, for which she recorded her immortal version of 'I Will Always Love You'. However, behind the beautiful face and the girl next-door charm that endeared her to millions of fans, there lurked a vulnerability that brought a searing intensity to her music and, eventually, tragedy into her life.Now, for the first time on DVD, the complete saga of Whitney Houston's glorious career. Jazz legend Chet Baker finds love and redemption when he stars in a movie about his own troubled life to mount a comeback. A poetic road trip through Pulitzer prize-winning CK Williams' life over the course of 40 years. In 1987 the Washington Street Elevated train was torn down and community members furiously awaited rapid replacement service between the minority neighborhood of Roxbury and the job-center of Downtown Boston. Commuters boarded interim buses each day, waiting for the promise of of rapid service to be fulfilled. 15 years later the official replacement, The Silver Line, debuted. It was called Bus Rapid Transit but lacked much of the infrastructure to uphold the 'rapid' moniker. Equal or Better: The Story of the Silver Line explores the history of transportation equity in America through the lens of three communities in Boston. It unearths a story of environmental justice, race relations, and probes how we allocate tax-dollars in transportation in this nation. Nuno is a man working at a hot dog stand, who also invented a machine which promises to revolutionize the shoe industry- a foot scanner. In the middle of a gasoline embargo and finding himself in a strange predicament, Nuno becomes mysteriously confined to his car, finding his life suddenly embargoed. Step brothers Drake and Josh must give a foster family the best Christmas ever or face years in jail for a Christmas party gone wrong. Bepstein is 27-year-old musician from Baltimore, MD who feels like he's 'still 14.' He sets out on a challenge to write and record a song a day for 30 days. No one is more committed than Bepstein is to doing things purely for the fun of them--playing kickball, riding roller coasters, eating pizza, playing punk rock. He'll stay awake for days (literally) just to make sure he gets to experience as much 'awesomeness' as possible. The songs form the backbone of the narrative, which tracks the darker side of his inability to grow up, his struggle to fit into a punk community, and to hold onto his friends and maximum summer. Author P.L. Travers travels from London to Hollywood as Walt Disney Pictures adapts her novel Mary Poppins for the big screen. The Countess lives in her East European palace, oblivious to the new regime that has moved in. After the war Volubin, a Marxist writer, is instructed to obtain from her the keys to her wine-cellar, which are needed for a celebration dinner. First shown in 1970, this play charts the transition of dictatorial power in the 20th century. Tong Phuoc Phuc operates an orphanage in Nha Trang, central Viet Nam. He persuades expectant mothers from aborting with the promise of care and shelter. Operated as a sort of halfway house, unwed mothers living at the orphanage must care for the many young resident children until giving birth. Creative and competitive, members of the Evil Geniuses Starcraft 2 team must prove themselves to make the cut in professional video gaming. Good Game follows the team as they discover that one wrong move could end their dreams. A documentary about the celebrated conceptual artist. Legendary exotic dancer, Blondie Strange, reveals everything from poetry to prostitution, cocaine to country music all while approaching the gap between stripping and social security. A stunningly-crafted documentary that brings to life German-Jewish artist Charlotte Salomon in all her yearning for love and creative expression, her struggle to come to terms with her family history, and whose passion for beauty came face-to-face with the harsh reality of 1940s Europe. The title of this film comes from her remarkable 700-page painted life story in which she asks, "Where does life stop and art begin?" Director Franz Weisz masterfully weaves together interviews with people who knew her, family photographs, excerpts from a 1980 biopic, images of Charlotte's vibrant paintings and a previously-unknown letter containing a shocking revelation. What do you get when you take members of 2 of the greatest tag teams of all time and sit them down for a face-off? The next great shoot interview from RF VIDEO!  When you think of the all time great tag teams, the Road Warriors and Demolition are among the first names that come to mind, and now for the first time ever, Animal, Ax and Smash sit down together to discuss their legendary careers, reminisce about some of the major names and faces they worked with in the past, banter about some of the major controversies and also give their take on some of today's top stars in this historic shoot from RF Video. A young man discovers a hole in the floor of a local motel that leads to yesterday. It's the 1960's, and it's the kind of battle that would change the listening habits of America, catapulting FM radio into the spotlight. Pulling from Sun Tzu's 'Art of War,' two brilliant and fierce media barons slug it out over the airwaves: Richard Fairbanks, who owns a 50,000 watt radio behemoth, versus Don Burden, the young upstart broadcasting impresario who swaggers into town and launches the glitzy, promotion-oriented, though low-powered, WIFE-AM 1310. How was the war fought? What were the strategies? Who were the personalities both in the limelight and behind the scenes? And who, in the end, would win the Naptown Rock Radio Wars? Shin Dong-Huyk was born on November 19, 1983 as a political prisoner in a North Korean re-education camp. He was a child of two prisoners who had been married by order of the wardens. He spent his entire childhood and youth in Camp 14, in fact a death camp. He was forced to labor since he was six years old and suffered from hunger, beatings and torture, always at the mercy of the wardens. He knew nothing about the world outside the barbed-wire fences. At the age of 23, with the help of an older prisoner, he managed to escape. For months he traveled through North Korea and China and finally to South Korea, where he encountered a world completely strange to him. The Cote d'Azur. 1915. In his twilight years, Pierre-Auguste Renoir is tormented by the loss of his wife, the pains of arthritic old age and the terrible news that his son Jean has been wounded in action. But when a young girl miraculously enters his world, the old painter is filled with a new, wholly unexpected energy. Blazing with life, radiantly beautiful, Andree will become his last model, and the wellspring of a remarkable rejuvenation. Back at the family home to convalesce, Jean too falls under the spell of the new, redheaded star in the Renoir firmament. In their Mediterranean Eden - and in the face of his father's fierce opposition - he falls in love with this wild, untameable spirit... and as he does so, within weak-willed, battle-shaken Jean, a filmmaker begins to grow. Men and women have been stumbling headlong into parenthood since the dawn of time. With no formal training, no license required and no how-to manual, the results can be full of unexpected hilarity. And lucky for us, the cameras are rolling. Bob Saget hosts this side-splitting look at parenting in a one-hour America's Funniest Home Videos theme show. With cameos by his real-life parents, Saget shows us the parent-child moments nothing could prepare us for. Follows a young man named Albert and his horse, Joey, and how their bond is broken when Joey is sold to the cavalry and sent to the trenches of World War One. Despite being too young to enlist, Albert heads to France to save his friend. What does life hold for youth who grow up behind bars? MINOR DIFFERENCES tells the harsh truth about locking up kids. Similar to Michael Apted's SevenUP series, the film follows formerly-incarcerated young men for nearly 20 years, providing an intimate view of their journeys to maturity. Told in powerful first-person stories of racially-diverse individuals, MINOR DIFFERENCES puts a human face to the horrifying statistics of mass incarceration. A group of young lost rebellious outsiders are given a home in New York City by Emmy Award-winning fashion stylist, Patricia Field, and together take on the world, changing it forever. Field, has done a lot more than Sex and the City. She has spent several decades saving lives and giving hope to lost outsiders who society frowned upon--transsexuals, club kids, drag queens, gay teenagers, butch-dykes, people who needed to escape from their hometowns because they were never understood. This is the story of a close-knit unconventional family in New York that has single-handedly changed music and fashion for the world several times over. Toronto filmmaker, Mars Roberge, has spent a decade becoming one with them so that their story could be told. In doing so, he becomes part of their family. Director Grant Lahood follows Mani Bruce Mitchell, NZ's first "out" intersex person, as he/she travels to meet other intersex people living in America, Ireland, Germany, South Africa and Australia.  Expatriate Kiwi sexologist Dr John Money of the world renowned Johns Hopkins Medical School believed that gender was the product of "nurture not nature." His studies into intersex people led to a particular surgical treatment model for babies born with ambiguous genitalia - the idea being that doctors could produce healthy and happy men and women by intervening early in an intersex child's life. Usually that meant a family secret that had to be kept at all costs.  But as the film shows, human sexual development is never that straight forward. This is a heart-warming story told with a mix of laughter and tears in the most frank and revealing way. Jake Shimabukuro: Life on Four Strings is a compelling portrait of an inspiring and inventive musician whose virtuoso skills on the ukulele have transformed all previous notions of the instrument's potential. Through intimate conversations with Shimabukuro (she-ma-BOO-koo-row), Life on Four Strings reveals the cultural and personal influences that have shaped the man and the musician. On the road from Los Angeles to New York to Japan, the film captures the solitary life on tour: the exhilaration of performance, the wonder of newfound fame, the loneliness of separation from home and family. A soldier returns from Vietnam on special assignment, accompanying the body of his friend by train to California for burial. During the trip, he falls in love with a gentle college student. But their relationship is shattered by his flashbacks to combat. After being released from prison, Dr. Nise da Silveira is back at work in a psychiatric hospital on the outskirts of Rio de Janeirom where she refuses to employ the new and violent electroshock in the treatment of schizophrenics. Ridiculed by doctors, she is forced to take on the abandoned Sector for Occupational Therapy, where she would start a revolution through paintings, animals and love. Eccentric British painter J.M.W. Turner  lives his last 25 years with gusto and secretly becomes involved with a seaside landlady, while his faithful housekeeper bears an unrequited love for him. An engaging look at the grass-roots movement that indelibly changed the landscape of American conservatism, Party crashers offers a clear and balanced chronicle of the rise of The Tea Party. Founding members recount the movement's beginnings and how the resonance of a viral video and the power of social media led to the explosive growth of the first conservative protest movement of the internet age. Also interviewed: Sen. Rand Paul, Sharron Angle, Rolling Stone's Matt Taibbi, the late Andrew Breitbart, Stephen Baldwin, and authors Prof. Christopher Parker and Prof. Thaddeus Russell among others. The film also takes an in-depth look at the criticisms and controversies surrounding the movement. A war-hardened Crusader and his Moorish commander mount an audacious revolt against the corrupt English crown. It takes two or three generations for the monarch butterfly to reach the Canadian breeding grounds, but it is one "supergeneration" that makes the 2,000 mile return trip back south into central Mexico. The documentary film covers Dr Fred Urquhart's interest in monarch butterflies, with perspectives of Urquhart as a child wondering where the butterflies went, his years of research and study into their life and migration, to his time decades-later as a senior scientist looking back at his investigations and discoveries about the insect's life pattern. Over seven decades, actor and activist George Takei journeyed from a World War II internment camp to the helm of the Starship Enterprise, and then to the daily news feeds of five million Facebook fans. Join George and his husband, Brad, on a wacky and profound trek for life, liberty, and love. Being in a band isn't all sex, drugs, and rock 'n' roll - get an inside look at the ups and downs of Canada's The Meligrove Band on their quest to break through and make it big. Featuring interviews with members of Tokyo Police Club, F***ed Up, and more. U.S. Navy SEAL Chris Kyle takes his sole mission--protect his comrades--to heart and becomes one of the most lethal snipers in American history. His pinpoint accuracy not only saves countless lives but also makes him a prime target of insurgents. Despite grave danger and his struggle to be a good husband and father to his family back in the States, Kyle serves four tours of duty in Iraq. However, when he finally returns home, he finds that he cannot leave the war behind. 'Toto a colori' was the first Italian movie to be shot with a colour film, but the sensitivity was very low (6 asa!) so the actors had to act under a very strong lighting and high temperature. 'Iceberg Slim: Portrait of a Pimp', examines the tumultuous life of legendary Chicago pimp Iceberg Slim (1918-1992) and how he reinvented himself from pimp to author of 7 groundbreaking books. These books were the birth of Street Lit and explored the world of the ghetto in gritty and poetic detail and have made him a cultural icon. Interviews with Iceberg Slim, Chris Rock, Henry Rollins, Ice-T, Snoop Dogg, and Quincy Jones. A dramatic retelling of the life of Ludwig II, King of Bavaria, one of the most fascinating monarchs of modern times. From his accession to the throne at the age of 18 to his passionate support of Richard Wagner and his music. From his ingenuous political commitment to his obsessive construction of extravagant palaces and to his gradual withdrawal into a lonely dream world, an epic narrative of breathtaking grandeur. At the end of his life, Wilhelm Reich - psychiatrist and experimental scientist searching for the fundamentals of life - finds himself on trial, charged with deception. His dream of liberating human individuality makes him a dangerous opponent of an American system that is striving after 1945 for global hegemony, using all available means. Was it madness to believe in man's liberty or was Reich simply in the wrong place at the wrong time, and, being a holistic global thinker, accurately observing far-reaching socio-political linkages? Ten years after his mysterious death, his writings, once burnt by the US FDA, become an important source of inspiration for a '68 generation in revolt.  Written by Novotny &amp; Novotny A boy who dreams of becoming the next Shahid Afridi finds himself down on his luck when the only club he ever knew goes bankrupt. The true-life, stranger-than-fiction tale of eighteenth-century Greek pirate turned merchant Ioannis Varvakis, who rose from humble beginnings to become the head of one of the largest mercantile empires in Europe. Biopic of Russian ice hockey legend Valeri Kharlamov from early childhood, rising to the pinnacle of the sport and his untimely death Normal is a biographical film that follows the turbulent lives of people who work in the sex industry. Nicola Mai's groundbreaking and unique form of story telling offers an intricate glance into 6 characters' diverse experiences of self-realization, exploitation, autonomy and dependency. Director and anthropologist Mai continually challenges the viewer by exposing these unheard voices, their dreams and the lives that they lead. Normal uncovers layered, human stories of migration and sex work, challenging popular expectations that most migrant sex workers are exploited and forced to sell sex against their will. The Newlyn School of artists flourished at the beginning of the 20th Century and the film focuses on the wild and bohemian Lamorna Group, which included Alfred Munnings and Laura and Harold Knight. The incendiary anti-Modernist Munnings, now regarded as one of Britain's most sought-after artists, is at the centre of the complex love triangle, involving aspiring artist Florence Carter-Wood and Gilbert Evans, the land agent in charge of the Lamorna Valley estate. True - and deeply moving - the story is played out against the timeless beauty of the Cornish coast, in the approaching shadow of The Great War. The life and troubled times of controversial Cineplex and Live Ent founder Garth Drabinsky, whose daring innovations and flamboyant personal style reshaped the Canadian entertainment industry.  A young girl named Oshin is sent to work for another family, because of her own family's financial condition. Nevertheless, the young girl lives strongly. Step into the extraordinary life of a Chinese immigrant who overcame the challenges to achieve the American dream. This biography follows the path of a young boy who learns the value of hard work and perseverance through kung fu training. He escapes the harshness of political oppression, bravely ventures out on his own, and embraces opportunity in a new land. The now highly recognized Grandmaster Pui Chan is one of the pioneers responsible for bringing traditional kung fu to America. He built his first kung fu temple in America, and leads and internationally renowned martial arts system across the world. Pui's eldest daughter and successor Mimi Chan confronts a new set of challenges, trying to keep the traditional values alive in an increasingly modernized era. A pastor preoccupied with writing the perfect sermon fails to realize that his wife is having an affair and his children are up to no good. The compelling story of an extraordinary woman's journey from her birth in a paper thin shack in the cotton fields of Georgia to her recognition as a key writer of the twentieth Century.Walker made history as the first black woman to win a Pulitzer Prize for her groundbreaking novel, The Color Purple. In his lifetime Haydn achieved a degree of fame that easily surpassed that of Mozart and Beethoven.  In Search of Haydn is an intricate portrait of Haydn's life told through performances and interviews from today's most admired classical musicians. This intimate documentary I AM GAY AND MUSLIM follows a number of young Moroccan gay men in their exploration of their religious and sexual identity. The men portrayed in the film openly share their personal experiences and talk about the ambiguity and secretiveness of the life they feel condemned to live, although some have openly acknowledged their sexual orientation. When architect-turned-recluse Bernadette Fox goes missing prior to a family trip to Antarctica, her 15-year-old daughter Bee goes on a quest with Bernadette's husband to find her. Rayne Johnson is a shrewd investment company assistant who turns a mob slaying into a golden opportunity for a new improved lifestyle, managing to outsmart the crooked cops who are very eager to see her disappear. A 71 minute look into the wacky world of religion. Targeting groups from Catholics to Baptists, this movie exposes the idiocy that is associated to religion in general. This is the fourth film release from B.A. Brooks and is quickly causing quite a stir in religious communities across the globe, while also hailing acclaim as a very entertaining, and insightful film experience. On the outskirts of Dhaka lies a giant slum of tanneries and over 500,000 people who work in them. Every year this living hell floods the European market with cheap leather. The workers here slave away at archaic machinery in absolute squalor, turning 14 million skins into leather. Toxic products used on the leather burn their skin, cause cancer and kill most before fifty. This film delivers a devastating insight into one of the most terrible places on Earth. One-time Maori speed-chess champ, Genesis Potini, lives with a bi-polar disorder and must overcome prejudice and violence in the battle to save his struggling chess club, his family and ultimately, himself. Fela Anikulapo Kuti created the musical movement Afrobeat and used it as a political forum to oppose the Nigerian dictatorship and advocate for the rights of oppressed people. This is the story of his life, music, and political importance. The story behind the casting and production of the classic Universal Studios silent film The Man Who Laughs This inspiring documentary follows the life and times of Dr. John-Roger - NY Times #1 Bestselling Author and Spiritual Wayshower. From adolescence John-Roger was aware of much more than this physical level. A college reunion turns into a tangled web of passion, romance and intrigue as old friends and enemies catch up with each other's lives. Includes a long list of stars. This inspirational story follows the Nashville Rollergirls through the loss of their practice space, the move to a new game venue, injuries, relocation of key players, huge financial pressures, and even an epic flood. Ever the underdog, and with a burning in their bellies, the Nashville Rollergirls seek to prove themselves at every turn, and nothing will prevent them from achieving the goals they set. On a quest to succeed athletically on the national stage, and to keep their skater-owned-and operated organization afloat, the Nashville Rollergirls, in true Nashville spirit, refuse to accept no, can't, or won't. And in true roller derby spirit, they bring do-it-yourself to the next level. A story of a man who fakes his own death and assumes a new identity in order to escape his life, who then moves in with a woman who is also trying to leave her past behind. Audre Lorde, the highly influential, award-winning African-American lesbian poet came to live in West-Berlin in the 80s and early '90s. She was the mentor and catalyst who helped ignite the Afro-German movement while she challenged white women to acknowledge and constructively use their privileges. With her active support a whole generation of writers and poets for the first time gave voice to their unique experience as people of color in Germany. This documentary contains previously unreleased audiovisual material from director Dagmar Schultz's archives including stunning images of Audre Lorde off stage. With testimony from Lorde's colleagues and friends the film documents Lorde's lasting legacy in Germany and the impact of her work and personality. Untouched for fifty years, a family finds a bundle of letters setting them on a journey into their past, and the rediscovery of a tragic love story amid the turmoil of World War II. Bermudian, Major Toby Smith lost his life at the Battle of Overloon during the final Allied push for victory. This film weaves a haunting portrait etched in Tobys own words through the letters he lovingly and dutifully wrote his wife and five children as he agonized over loyalty to them and the war against the Nazis during four years of service abroad. This first hand account uniquely re-captures the war-time era and its impact on a family, leaving a lasting legacy of what it means to serve ones King and Country. This documentary follows a group of prison inmates as they prepare to perform the annual Easter ritual, the Via Crucis, with a community of villagers in the northeast region of Portugal. We witness, from the first rehearsal to the day of the procession, the solemn and surreal moments that lead convicts and members of a rural community to take real and symbolic communion together. The stink of seaweed permeates the streets. I've heard there's growing dissatisfaction among the youth. Do you feel content? How often do you dream? Are you better off alone? Documentary about the groundbreaking queer feminist art band Fifth Column, who were at the centre of Toronto's influential Queercore scene in the 1980-90s. Emiri, a timid high school girl, is bullied mercilessly by her classmates, but when her friend, Asuka, stands up for her, Asuka becomes the target of the bullying instead. Emiri, not wanting to be bullied again, avoids Asuka. Worn down, Asuka attempts to commit suicide, but is saved by the school janitor and remains in a comatose state in the hospital. In 2007 three artists joined the conservative Slovenian Democratic Party (SDS) and officially changed their names to that of the leader of that party, the Prime Minister of Slovenia, Janez Jansa. While they renamed themselves for personal reasons, the boundaries between their lives and their art began to merge in numerous and unforeseen ways. One of the biggest Polish film premieres of 2012 and eagerly anticipated for over a decade, it is the story of the late 90s generation and the three friends behind the music: Magik, Focus and Rahim.  The fact-based film directed by Leszek Dawid charts the relentless struggle for success of Paktofonika, against the backdrop of crumbling traditional values in dreary 90s Silesia. The contradictory ideals of hiphop - the rebellious, edgy lyrics against the 'system' juxtaposed with the money and  fame sought by the artists - are superbly captured in this dark, unforgettable drama. Adapted from the 1951 non-fiction account by psychoanalyst Georges Devereux, "Psychotherapy Of A Plains Indian," the film follows the true story of Picard (Del Toro), a Plains Indian of the Blackfeet nation, as he returns from WWII and begins experiencing unexplainable symptoms shortly thereafter. He travels to the famous Winter Hospital in Topeka, Kansas, where he meets Devereux (Amalric), thus beginning a professional and personal friendship guided by compassion and understanding of Native American culture. A young woman returns to the island where she grew up. In Search of Blind Joe Death: The Saga of John Fahey is a documentary film about the legendary American guitarist, composer and provocateur John Fahey, 1939-2001. Fahey is often considered the godfather of 'American primitive guitar'. This cinematic exploration features Pete Townshend, Chris Funk of The Decemberists and Joey Burns of Calexico. These stellar musicians, along with Fahey associates and friends such as the famous 'Dr. Demento', radio broadcaster Barry Hansen, explore the legacy of this profoundly influential artist. The film was recorded in the Washington D.C. area where John Fahey was born, along the Mississippi Delta from Memphis to New Orleans, in Los Angeles, Toronto, Austin, New York and in Oregon where Fahey spent his last two decades. Althea Gibson's life and achievements transcend sports. A truant from the rough streets of Harlem, Althea emerged as a most unlikely queen of the highly segregated tennis world in the 1950s. Her roots as a sharecropper's daughter, her family's migration north to Harlem in the 1930s, mentoring from Sugar Ray Robinson, David Dinkins and others, and fame that thrust her unwillingly into the glare of the early Civil Rights movement, all bring her story into a much broader realm of the American story. A Foreign Service Officer in London tries to prevent a terrorist attack set to hit New York, but is forced to go on the run when she is framed for crimes she did not commit. The young Renato Russo has no time to lose: dreams of being a rock star. But it's still early. He needs to study, teach English, reassure parents, enjoy the class, heal pain of love and especially who pack touch your band. Abortion Electric to Keith Urban, "We're So Young" presents the first chords of myth Renato Russo and the class of the Rock Brasilia, creators of such hits as "What Country Is This," "Generation Coca-Cola", "Eduardo and Monica" and many other songs that mark and become fans generation after generation, starting the path that will make the biggest band in the Rock and Brazil Renato Russo spokesman urban youth of the whole country. Francisco Brennand is an eighty-five year odl, painter, sculptor and ceramist from Brazil. He lives and works isolated in an open-air museum set in an old ceramic roofing tile factory that belonged to his father. Based on his diaries, written over the past 60 years, the film narrates the artist's journey from the moment he moved into the factory until today. A factory worker has always dreamed that he was meant for better things, to be rich and famous and in "the company of kings". One day he discovers that he is indeed the only heir to the throne of a small European kingdom. However, there are forces at work who don't want him to survive to take the throne. On the Edge is about suicidal patients discovering their true selves while going through therapy in a treatment center. Ethan Hawke directs this intimate documentary portrait of classical pianist, composer, author, teacher and sage Seymour Bernstein. A young governess is hired by a man who has become responsible for his young nephew and niece after the deaths of their parents. A modern take on Henry James' novella "The Turn of the Screw". Shepard &amp; Dark is the remarkable story of a friendship in letters. 11 minute short film by Ralph S. Hirshorn The American composer and author Paul Bowles was a man with a great deal of charisma and influence. When he moved to Tangier, Morocco, in 1949, half the world followed him to the enigmatic city. His marriage with author Jane Bowles was a loving relationship of opposites, even though both were homosexual. Based on exclusive interviews with Bowles shortly before his death interwoven with anecdotes recounted by his friends and co-workers, the film portrays a daring and visionary life as well as a relationship shaped by an interdependency that encompassed much more than sexuality. Documentary about the famous  mountaineer Reinhold Messner.  An American mother searches for her daughter who was kidnapped by human traffickers in Central America. In the continuation of Popoy and Basha's love story from "One More Chance," we find the couple walking down the aisle and vowing to love each other "forever and ever." "A Second Chance" explores realities and intricacies and Popoy and Basha's married life. We find Popoy as a failed achiever, struggling to keep his business and self-esteem intact, while Basha has given up so much in her life to keep their marriage together. A documentary on the life and work of Poet Laureate, two-time Pulitzer winner, and environmental activist W.S. Merwin. Movie version of Frank Ferruccio's book, Diamonds to Dust: The Life and Death of Jayne Mansfield. This film focuses on the exciting 1960's turbulent life of Legend Jayne Mansfield.  An intimate, and often humorous, portrait of three generations of exile in the refugee camp of Ein el-Helweh, in southern Lebanon. Based on a wealth of personal recordings, family archives, and historical footage, the film is a sensitive, and illuminating study of belonging, friendship, and family in the lives of those for whom dispossession is the norm, and yearning their daily lives. In 1975, Thomas Harlan's crew filmed Torre Bela's homestead occupation, in the center of Portugal. Three decades later, RED LINE revisits this emblematic film of the Portuguese revolutionary period: in which way did Harlan interfered in the events that seems to naturally develop in front of the camera? What was the impact of the film on the lives of the occupants and the memory of that period? BEFORE AND AFTER DINNER is an exploration of the life and work of Andre Gregory, groundbreaking director, actor, artist, and raconteur, filmed by prize-winning documentarian Cindy Kleine, his wife. Through her close-up lens, Cindy introduces us to this cultural icon and master storyteller, and tells the unusual story of a good marriage that thrives in collaboration, art, and humor, celebrating the great vitality of the later years in life. The film touches on universal questions. Where does art come from? What experiences shape the life, the preoccupations, and the work of an artist? Drawing on the work Andre has created over a lifetime, and exploring the nature of the life that underlies the work, BEFORE AND AFTER DINNER is about how and why artists create. A documentary on the former mayor of New York City, Ed Koch. Mad or genius? Artist James Grashow has built - from cardboard - 15' fighting men, an anthropomorphized city, an ocean...and here he spends 4 years building a giant cardboard fountain -- inspired by the work of Baroque sculptor Gian Lorenzo Bernini. Eight women on the margins of Israeli society are thrown together during the course of a school year at Tel Aviv's oldest beauty school. Amidst the combs and colorings, these women present a microcosm of modern-day Tel Aviv -- native Israelis and new immigrants, Asians and Africans, among them women struggling with cancer and personal loss. As they learn to create beauty without, each woman undergoes a powerful transformation within. Kaz Suyeishi, an atomic bomb survivor, revisits her past experiences during her early years in Hiroshima, Japan. Bad Brains are one of the most important and influential American bands still working today. They melded punk and reggae into an innovative style that has yet to be copied. Their impact and influence can be heard in groups like Beastie Boys, No Doubt, Nirvana, Jane's Addiction and countless more. Despite the troubles of an eccentric front man they have stayed together for 30 years without ever reaching the level of success so many think they deserve. Using rare archival footage and original comic illustrations the film re-constructs Bad Brains' rich and complicated history. Lawrence Talbot, an American man on a visit to Victorian London to make amends with his estranged father, gets bitten by a werewolf and, after a moonlight transformation, leaves him with a savage hunger for flesh. Set several years after the first film, Ariel and Prince Eric are happily married with a daughter, Melody. In order to protect Melody from the Sea Witch, Morgana, they have not told her about her mermaid heritage. Melody is curious and ventures into the sea, where she meets new friends. But will she become a pawn in Morgana's quest to take control of the ocean from King Triton? 'In ten years I'm gonna be cruising the coast. Drinking my pop. I'm gonna be kissing all the girls; I'm gonna be singing all the rock.' This swaggering prediction came from ten year old Travis Roberts, aka 'The Human Skab,' at the height of his early music career. Little could he know that in ten years he would actually be on the front lines of the War on Terror, and that it would be twenty-three years before he would be able to fulfill his dream. Part punk rockumentary, part band ethnography, part war veteran story, this film portrays the saga of Travis as he and several other characters embark on a reunion tour, reclaiming the musical phenomenon that was so popular in its original inception.  Heaven Adores You is an intimate, meditative inquiry into the life and music of Elliott Smith. By threading the music of Elliott Smith through the dense, yet often isolating landscapes of the three major cities he lived in -- Portland, New York City, Los Angeles -- Heaven Adores You presents a visual journey and an earnest review of the singer's prolific songwriting and the impact it continues to have on fans, friends, and fellow musicians. Born to Fly pushes the boundaries between action and art, daring us to join choreographer Elizabeth Streb and her dancers in pursuit of human flight. An Honest Liar tells the incredible story of the world-famous magician, escape artist, and world-renowned enemy of deception, James 'The Amazing' Randi. The film brings to life Randi's intricate investigations that publicly exposed psychics, faith healers, and con-artists with quasi-religious fervor. A master deceiver who came out of the closet at the age of 81, Randi created fictional characters, fake psychics, and even turned his partner of 25 years, Jose Alvarez, into a sham guru names Carlos. Darren gets stood up on the day of his wedding and uses his vacation tickets with his best friend, RJ, to spend his "honeymoon" at a Club Med-style resort. When Mel and Carey asked Rick to be their sperm donor, the three found themselves navigating the gray area Between Friends and Family.  Working in Dr. Cranley's laboratory, scientist Jack Griffin was always given the latitude to conduct some of his own experiments. His sudden departure, however, has Cranley's daughter Flora worried about him. Griffin has taken a room at the nearby Lion's Head Inn, hoping to reverse an experiment he conducted on himself that made him invisible. But the experimental drug has also warped his mind, making him aggressive and dangerous. He's prepared to do whatever it takes to restore his appearance. A Taiwanese high school baseball team travels to Japan in 1931 to compete in a national tournament. A movie about the vital power of music and a unique insight into Chinese history. Open Field is a documentary about Gabriel Orozco, a movie that chronologically records 10 years of the life and work of the artist in ten sequences. In different formats (super 8, 16 mm., HD), the film features some of the most important and dramatic moments of his life. These years, the most recent, have been the most ripe for Orozco, since he has become a key figure in the world of global contemporary art. The film tells the story of Mauricio Fernandez, mayor of the wealthiest municipality in Latin America, located in the North of Mexico. He presents himself as a polemical figure who takes justice into his own hands in order to "clean" his municipality of the drug cartels' presence. Mauricio is a key character to better understand the present situation in Mexico and through the unusual views of this politician, the audience will be a privileged witnesses of an scenario where political tasks and excessive violence mingle with one another. A documentary that follows three Orthodox Jews in Jerusalem, navigating the world of dating and marriage through matchmaking. In the small town of Seacliff, Wash., a child's letter to Santa Claus captures the nation's attention. When the little boy, Chris, writes that he wishes to leave this world so he will no longer be a burden to his divorcing parents, a race begins to find him before he harms himself. Examining life at life's end is the poignant subtext of 'Next Year in Jerusalem,' a poetic journey at once metaphorical and literal. Eight nursing home residents are given one last great adventure, a trip to Israel. The film documents the intricate planning through the journey itself: a physical and emotional challenge and ultimately, a transformational life experience. As the youngest member in parliament and sole heir to his family's estate, Lord Montagu's life was rich and privileged. However, in 1954 he become the focus of a national scandal that changed his life forever and set him on course to be one of England's most controversial and iconic aristocrats. Carpe Diem: A Fish Tale looks at an ecologic bombshell, just waiting to explode. Asian Carp are on the door step of the Great Lakes. The only thing holding them back is an electric barrier just south of Chicago. Scientists are working hard to develop new technologies to keep them out. Down south, where all hope is lost, they are going medieval on this slimy foe. Can they be stopped? A documentary that recounts the life of the Brooklyn Dodgers pitcher Ralph Branca, who lost the 1951 National League pennant to the New York Giants by giving up the game-winning home run. 'Children of the Stars' is the strange but true story of a UFO contactee group who relive their past lives on other planets by making their own science fiction films.  In 1973, Ruth Norman, a 73-year-old widow and self described cosmic visionary, purchased 67 acres of land in the mountains east of San Diego, California as a landing site for the Space Brothers (emissaries from the Intergalactic Confederation). Nearly 40 years later, a group of dedicated followers still await their arrival. An American on his hilarious and uncovering journey in Germany in search of the mystery of German's identity and their beer culture. Jack is now out of jail and he meets Nick, his adolescent son. Their relationship will be complicated, because Jack has a problem with alcohol. But his love for Nick will help him to get over the past and reach his dreams. Brazilian filmmaker Diego Costa crafts an experimental love letter to his mother with the camera in the position of the queer boy contemplating femininity in awe - and devotion. Paducah, Kentucky is a charming river town in the heart of America. Its LowerTown district is a place where artists from all over the country moved into beautiful old houses, revitalizing a troubled neighborhood with the largest Artist Relocation Program ever. From an egg carver, to a print maker, to a sculptural ceramicist, to an art quilt master, this documentary combines artist profiles with interviews and archival photos to explore city history and the tradition of quilting in America. Lush cinematography meets a diverse music score by composer/performer Josh Coffey (of "Bawn in the Mash") in this first feature-length documentary by award-winning filmmaker H. Paul Moon. Nuclear Family begins the story of a young couple, John and Lynn, who are trying to survive in the woods after what appears to be a nuclear holocaust. They stay on the move with their 11-year-old daughter, Pauline... all the while searching for their missing 8-year-old son, Grant. Meanwhile, present society has disintegrated, and the family must stay one step ahead of the Berserkers: lawless, wild, brutal men who rape,pillage and destroy as a way of life. Shot as a pilot presentation for a TV series the story will take this family, and the others they meet along the way in their search for Grant and to avoid the Berserkers, to discoveries beyond the existing reality. Written by Clay Keeley Executive Producer A splendid MP, Peter Haber, staying in a hotel with his wife, Suzanne Reuter. He has a fully booked afternoon at the Ministry, but instead intend to engage in sexual intercourse with a secretary while his wife is at the Royal Dramatic Theatre. Whoever will make it all work is his subordinate, Robert Gustavsson. It's not his fault that things go wrong. Upon learning that Judah has been trapped in the clutches of the townspeople and faces the possibility of being the sacrifice at the annual Festival, the stable mates leave their cozy barn and embark on an adventure to find and free their friend. Decades after her grandmother dabbled in gambling and prostitution, an artist creates a "film noir docudrama" about her ancestor's checkered past. The result is a fascinating blend of fact and fiction. Two teenage friends conspire to find out how much their youthful sensuality can disrupt one of their households, headed by a dentist and his mentally-ill wife. Documentary charting the life of blues guitarist B.B. King, with contributions from fellow musicians. Jigme Lhundrup is the "Yangsi", the reincarnation of a greatly revered Tibetan Buddhist spiritual master. In this documentary film, director Mark Elliott follows a journey spanning fourteen years, culminating in the Yangsi's introduction to the world as a young man, when he must fully assume the mantle of his predecessor. CHASING BEAUTY provides a rare glimpse into the intriguing and complex world of modeling. Behind the glossy covers of Vogue and Glamour lie the rarely talked about, uncensored stories of what models endure and sacrifice to become a top model. CHASING BEAUTY examines body image and the psychological effects of the beauty business on young women and men. A revealing documentary window into the lives of nine New Zealand gay men aged 21 through 78, Men Like Us highlights the common threads in our continuing struggle for everyday happiness in a straight man's world. For over 20 years, Shihad has defined New Zealand rock music. From their roots in Wellington's furious 90's punk metal scene, to the wild Berlin days, the tragic overdose of their manager, the international explosion of The General Electric, and the infamous American name-change, Shihad: Beautiful Machine asks - what went wrong?  More than a documentary, this is an all-access pass to an extraordinary rock saga, charting a legendary band's fight with fame, fortune, the industry, and finally - itself. A top fashion designer teaches his trade to inmates at the largest maximum-security prison in the Philippines. They go on a roller coaster ride to stage the most spectacular runway show behind bars. Vlad Tepes is a great hero, but when he learns the Sultan is preparing for battle and needs to form an army of 1,000 boys, he vows to find a way to protect his family. Vlad turns to dark forces in order to get the power to destroy his enemies and agrees to go from hero to monster as he's turned into the mythological vampire, Dracula. intro #1 - Queen - Flash Gordon soundtrack  intro #2 - The Rolling Stones - I Am Waiting  Anthony Van Engelen intro - Chemical Brothers - Dream on  Anthony Van Engelen #1 - Iggy Pop and the Stooges - Search and Destroy  Anthony Van Engelen #2 - Thurston Moore - Root (25 Guitar Pieces remix)  Anthony Pappalardo - Roots/Ron Ayers - Proceed (remix)  timelapse - Tortoise - Ten-Day Interval  Pat Corcoran - Turing Machine - Swiss Grid  Jason Dill - Phillip Glass - The Ark  Rob Dyrdek intro - Playaction - Hip Hop V.1  Rob Dyrdek - Main Flow & Mood - Crime Outfit  Josh Kalis intro - DJ Shadow - Red Bus Needs to Leave  Josh Kalis #1 - Freddie Fox - 24 Hrs  Josh Kalis #2 - Black Rob - Whoa  Jason Dill intro - Radiohead & Unkle - Rabbit in the Headlights  Jason Dill - Radiohead - Polyethylene  credits - Tortoise - TNT  kid regeneration segment - Philip Glass - Glassmasters  Jason Dill spear segment - Philip Glass - Anima Mundi soundtrack  Habitat - Mr. Dibbs Primitive Tracks Adam is a dog walker. Adam agrees to watch one of his customers, A.J. Preston, penthouse apartment. Rachel mistakes Adam for Preston. He does not come clean quickly. The film starts with the story of the younger Bala Krishna (Srimannarayana) working as a college professor. As usual the best looking girl of the college (Janaki played by Sneha Ullal) falls in love with Srimannarayana (the monkish protector of justice); reasons for that are comprehendible only by someone who had seen enough Telugu films (Bala Krishna films in particular). As the first half progresses the screenplay tells us that Janaki's and Srimmanarayna's pasts are related and the flashback starts occupying the screen. The daddy Bala Krishna with Nayanatara next to him and Kota Srinivas Rao playing the bad guy in a war between good and evil about the welfare of the region is the film's flashback Mourning the accidental death of his wife and having just moved to New York with his young son, laconic police psychologist Cal Jamison (Martin Sheen) is reluctantly drawn into a series of grisly, ritualistic murders involving the immolation of two youths. Filmed for over a decade, MAGICAL UNIVERSE is a portrait of Al Carbee, an 88 year old strange and reclusive outsider artist who spends his days alone in a massive house in Maine creating art -- mostly featuring Barbie Dolls in elaborate dioramas. The documentary profiles Carbee's amazing body of work and his relentlessly creative lifestyle. Carbee's story is explored through the prism of his unlikely friendship with New York filmmaker Jeremy Workman, who unexpectedly becomes Carbee's closest friend and only link to the outside world. Far beyond just a portrait of an eccentric, MAGICAL UNIVERSE is about wonder, friendship, and the transcendent power of creativity. Its story culminates with Al Carbee's greatest triumph as an artist and a man. After 40 years of running their community arts space The Bread Factory, Dorothea and Greta are suddenly fighting for survival when a pair of celebrity performance artists from China come to Checkford and build an enormous complex down the street, catapulting big changes in their small town. Sophia, a new high school student, tries to make friends with Barbara, who tells her that "she kills giants," protecting this way her hometown and its inhabitants, who do not understand her strange behavior. Everyone has ideas. But what where do they come from? And what ensures they keep coming? How do you sort the genius ideas from the useless ones? Why invest all this hope and energy into making things in the first place? From Nothing, Something profiles creative thinkers across a variety of disciplines and finds common methods, habits, mindsets and neuroses that help bring breakthrough ideas into being. This is a thoughtful, intimate, often funny look at the creative process--straight from the brains of some of our culture's most accomplished and inspiring talents. When Ruth Matthews's husband is killed in a fall at an archaeological dig, her daughter Sally handles her father's death in a very odd manner. As Sally's condition worsens, Ruth takes her to see Jake, an expert in childhood autism. Jake attempts to bring Sally out of her mental disarray through traditional therapy methods, but Ruth takes a different route. She risks her own sanity by attempting to enter her daughter's mind and make sense of the seemingly bizarre things that Sally does, including building a wondrous house of cards Throwing thousands of years of tradition to the wind, Keiko Fukuda chose to follow her own destiny and become the highest ranking woman in judo. 'Mrs. Judo: Be Strong, Be Gentle, Be Beautiful,' a 66-minute documentary film, tells the inspirational story of Fukuda's lifelong journey spanning four continents, nine decades and two distinct cultures to overcome adversity and ultimately transform into a living legend. Today, at 98, Fukuda holds the highest rank available in judo, the tenth degree. She also continues teaching judo three days a week from her San Francisco dojo and is the last living link to judo's origins. About Jimmy Scott, who has had profound influence on the world of jazz and pop, but was never recognized by a wider audience. The documentary takes us behind the record production, where artists and musicians like Quincy Jones, Kenny Barron, John Pisano or Peter Erskine are telling their own story about Jimmy Scott. We get a look behind the scenery and find out how this record is carried out. This Making-Of is a moving document about an unknown icon of music history. Our bodies are changing, as synthetic chemicals are becoming an everyday experience for all of us. Every single human being on this planet is experiencing this, as we are constantly exposed on a daily basis to substances that our bodies have never seen before. At the same time, nearly all of our disease rates are rising, and many in the medical community are only now discovering, how much our lifestyles are affecting our own bodies, and those of the most vulnerable population, our children. Filmed all over the globe, 'Unacceptable Levels' pulls back the curtain on how these chemicals are getting into our bodies, and it also reveals that there is hope inside of all of our challenges. Filmmaker Paul Saltzman (Prom Night in Mississippi) presents the world premiere of his latest work. A former Civil Rights worker and 1960s activist, Saltzman returns to Mississippi to encounter the man who once assaulted him -- Byron "Delay" De La Beckwith, a KKK member and the son of the man convicted of murdering Medgar Evers -- in this affecting documentary about racism, the South and the possibility of reconciliation. (TIFF) Ninah is a runaway wife whose husband finds out she is pregnant. He comes to recover the dowry he paid or take home the woman he owns. By any means necessary. Born and Bred is a feature-length documentary film chronicling the lives of a new generation of young boxers fighting for their place in the American boxing capital of Los Angeles. Based on the true story of Bill W. (James Woods), a successful stock broker whose life falls apart after the stock crash of the 20's and how he comes to grips with his alcoholism. Along with a fellow alcoholic (James Garner) he forms a support group that would eventually become Alcoholics Anonymous.  A romantic drama set in Germany just before WWI and centered on a married woman who falls in love with her husband's teacher. Separated by the war, they pledge their devotion to one another. Follow one man's 11,000 mile, 40 day journey across the American landscape to visit twenty families and individuals affected by autism while searching for answers for his own son. With interviews from around the nation that include the widest spectrum of backgrounds - each conducted in the participants' original language - the film weaves a broad and compelling tapestry across the spectrum of American life in all its faiths, disparities, colors, and cultures. What he learns along the way will change not only his life, but the lives of those he meets, forever. It's a story about the best days that still lie ahead for our nation, the families, and the people who give America its heart. A documentary that explores the challenges, successes and lives of five transgender women. These five women represent normality and abnormality seamlessly in their daily efforts to achieve a daily balance of both feminine and masculine. In his film, the Chilean film director accompanies Russian filmmaker Victor Kossakovsky during the shooting of his latest film. In Patagonia, at Lake Baikal and in Shanghai, Victor Kossakovsky explores the singular relationships between places and people on opposite sides of the world. Carlos Klein documents the making of this ambitious film in a very personal way, driven by his own inner search for images that still have an impact on us. While doing so, he reveals his own and Kossakovsky's ambiguous attitude towards filmmaking. Maggie is resentful of being pointed out and laughed at in public because she resembles the cartoon character in the George McManus comic strip "Bringing Up Father." She visits McManus in his studio office and tries to persuade him to stop drawing the syndicated comic-strip. He tells her he will...in 1959. Maggie, not getting any younger, retains counsel and takes McManus to court. The Man Who Saved the World is feature documentary film about Stanislav Petrov, a former lieutenant colonel of the Soviet Air Defence Forces. In the forests of Finnish Lapland, brothers Aarne and Lasse Aatsinki carry on the generations-old tradition of reindeer herding. These modern cowboys maintain an intricate bond with the environment that has allowed them to preserve their lifestyle in one of the harshest climates imaginable. Jessica Oreck's intimate, gorgeously lensed documentary follows the brothers for a year, sharing in the hard work, daily rituals and small joys that make up life above the Arctic Circle. Iris and Peter von Roten - the most famous, provocative and beautiful couple in Swiss history. A love story full of political and moral oppositions. A blend of two nationalities, a master of the moving image, Hector was in life a little of everything - from a tomb salesman to spaghetti western extra, from a photographer of steakhouses to an Oscar nominated movie director. Polemical, controversial, demanding and genial, he won in Locarno, competed in Cannes, shone in Hollywood and directed titans like Meryl Streep, Jack Nicholson and Willem Dafoe. . The film is a black and white poetic immersion in the filmmaker's recollections and dreams. The Startup Kids is a documentary about young web entrepreneurs in the U.S. and Europe. It contains interviews with founders of Vimeo, Dropbox, Soundcloud and more who talk about how they started their company and their lives as an entrepreneur. Along with that people from the tech scene speaks about the startup environment including the venture capitalist Tim Draper and MG Siegler, tech blogger at Techcrunch. The son of a working-class British mining family has dreams of pursuing an art career, but when he strikes up an affair with an older woman from the town it enrages his jealous mother. (TCM.com) A ghoulish collection of fireside tales guaranteed to scare the living as well as the dead. A fun filled weekend turns deadly when a group of unsuspecting theatre goers are trapped inside, after a ravenous spirit is resurrected and released from a Ouija board. They must confront their most terrifying fears and destroy the spirit before it finds and kills them first. Filmed over a decade, Brief Encounters follows internationally renowned photographer Gregory Crewdson's quest to create his unique, surreal, and incredibly elaborate portraits of suburban life. He sets a house on fire, builds 90 foot sets with crews of sixty, shuts down city streets...all in the service of his haunted image of American life, and his own anxieties, dreams and inner desires. Brief Encounters is an intimate portrait of one of the most heralded image-makers of our time. Public Sex, Private Lives is an intimate look at the professional and private lives of porn performers Lorelei Lee, Princess Donna, and Isis Love. Capturing moments of joy and struggle, this film follows the characters as they navigate their lives as artists, daughters, mothers, writers, and women who have made careers in the adult industry. Asked to defend their choices to their families, communities, and even the United States Government, these women share their unique motivations and shifting visions for the future. The Oystermen of Pointe a la Hache, Louisiana. This town of nearly 300 is struggling to survive following the BP Oil Spill that left their crop dead, finances in ruin and culture facing extinction. This community has a history of being overlooked by the State, and therefore, are taking matters into their own hands, to assure their voice is heard so that they may not otherwise vanish Never before seen Super 8 home movies filmed by Richard Nixon's closest aides - and convicted Watergate conspirators - offer a surprising and intimate new look into his Presidency. When three overworked and under-appreciated moms are pushed beyond their limits, they ditch their conventional responsibilities for a jolt of long overdue freedom, fun, and comedic self-indulgence. In the 1940s war-torn Denmark, the young girl Marie turns 10 ye$ars old. It is celebrated in the parents' bakery shop where she and her cousin Sebastian on 13 years daily work. But the normally sheltered life comes to an end as a group of soldiers storms the shop and take both Marie's father and mother with them. Together with Sebastian, Marie goes out to find her parents. Although the reality gives little chances Marie is hopeful, while Sebastian fears the day he will have to tell her the truth How do you become Peter Brotzmann? How do you become what you are: a painter, a musician, an absolute artist? Europe was nothing but a ruin and shame possessed the heart of the young Germans. They needed to invent, scream, regain a lost brotherhood. Overcome this silence! That's how some young German, British, Dutch, Belgian... musicians made Europe exist long before Maastrich and have kept on cherishing, imperturbably, their freedom! They are no longer twenty-year-olds, but others have followed. They set themselves one constraint: reinvent everything every time. A way to take the very instant into account, to let the unexpected in, to match to the world. A Spiritual Documentary about living your passion. We follow the life of Keith Blanchard, writer of 'The Divine Principle,' talk to people who've read his book and been influenced by his life. Keith also speaks to people he's never met to find out if they are living their passion. This documentary is meant to show you by example, that it is possible to enjoy what you do every day, by finding the one thing or several things which you are truly passionate about in life. Paris Hilton, the Fat Jew, and Brittany Furlan have all used social media to achieve massive internet fame. But, American Meme explores, is it worth it? My Louisiana Love follows a young Native American woman, Monique Verdin, as she returns to Southeast Louisiana to reunite with her Houma Indian family. But soon she sees that her people's traditional way of life- fishing, trapping, and hunting these fragile wetlands- is threatened by a cycle of man-made environmental crises. As Louisiana is devastated by Hurricane Katrina and Rita and then the BP oil leak, Monique finds herself turning to environmental activism. She documents her family's struggle to stay close to the land despite the cycle of disasters and the rapidly disappearing coastline. The film looks at the complex and uneven relationship between the oil industry and the indigenous community of the Mississippi Delta. In this intimate documentary portrait, Monique must overcome the loss of her house, her father, and her partner - and redefine the meaning of home. Her story is both unique and frighteningly familiar. Jeffrey Dahmer struggles with a difficult family life as a young boy. During his teenage years he slowly transforms, edging closer to the serial killer he was to become.  A pre-teen needs to learn the ropes, and drug-dealing Dave is the only one who can teach him. A broken down collegiate football hero gets a shot at stardom during the eleventh hour of LA's nihilistic sub-prime mortgage boom. Princes who have been turned into Dwarfs seek the red shoes of a lady in order to break the spell, although it will not be easy. Sonny Rollins Beyond the Notes uses his 80th birthday concert to look into the man and his music. Twenty years ago, seven superstar artists left Marvel Comics to create their own company, Image Comics, a company that continues to influence mainstream comics and pop culture to this day. Image began as more than just a publisher - it was a response to years of creator mistreatment, and changed comics forever. The Image Revolution tells the story of Image Comics, from its founders' work at Marvel, through Image's early success, company difficulties during the comics market implosion, and ultimately the publisher's new generation of properties like The Walking Dead. Filled with colorful characters, the film is a clarion call to artists to take control of their destiny. Musician, composer, producer, music theorist, singer and visual artist; probably best known for his early work with Roxy Music, his production duties for U2 & Coldplay, and as one of the principal innovators of ambient music. This documentary film - the first ever about Eno - explores his life, career and music between the years 1971 & 1977, the period that some view as his golden age. Featuring numerous exclusive interviews, contributions from a range of musicians, writers, collaborators and friends - plus performance and studio film and an abundance of the most exceptional music ever created. Dancer and choreographer Dave St-Pierre is adored by critics and audiences alike. His subversive, innovative works are taking Europe by storm. But his own body is failing him. Dave is 34 and has cystic fibrosis. The average life expectancy for sufferers is 37. His doctors have given him two years to live unless he has a lung transplant. With the sense of urgency growing, his best friend and creative partner, director and actress Brigitte Poupart, turns her camera on the daily life of a man who is waiting for a life-or-death call from the doctor. A call that could come at any moment. United by art and friendship, the two create a space in which creativity emerges as a vital act. Over My Dead Body is an engrossing private diary that accepts neither taboos nor fate. It features testimonials from Dave's friends, loved ones and collaborators, as well as excerpts from his works. A southern aristocrat clashes with a driver transporting stolen slaves to freedom. Doc Pomus' dramatic life is one of American music's great untold stories. Paralyzed with polio as a child, Brooklyn-born Jerome Felder reinvented himself as a blues singer, renaming himself Doc Pomus, then emerged as one of the most brilliant songwriters of the early rock and roll era, writing "Save the Last Dance for Me," "This Magic Moment," "A Teenager in Love," "Viva Las Vegas," and dozens of other hits. Spearheaded and co-produced by his daughter, Sharyn Felder, and packed with incomparable music and rare archival imagery, this documentary features interviews with collaborators and friends including Dr. John, Ben E. King, Joan Osborne, Shawn Colvin, Dion, Leiber and Stoller, and B.B. King, as well as passages from Doc's private journals read by his close friend Lou Reed. A biography on the life of Amy Winehouse. One day filmmaker Andres Pardo stumbles across 2,000 feet of Super 8 family footage at a flea market. Featured in all these 1970's home movies is a lovely young blond-haired girl, Larisa. Teaming up with a photographer friend, Pardon decides to investigate, uncovering the fascinating story behind the footage. A 38-year journey that the director began in 1972 as a young filmmaker and, shooting off and throughout many years, the director filmed many and various encounters between Ricky, his friends and contemporaries including Henri Langlois, Jean Rouch, Jean-Luc Godard, DA Pennebaker, Robert Drew, and others. Mixing her own footage with film clips and rare images from Leacock's personal film archives, this film pays homage to the director's mentor and, most importantly, allows him to tell us the story of his long film making career in his own words. "Having broken away from my illusory self, I was desperately seeking a path and a meaning to life." This phrase perfectly sums up Alejandro Jodorowsky's biographical project: reconstituting the incredible adventure of his life. Alejandro Jodorowsky was born in 1929 in Tocopilla, a coastal town on edge of the Chilean desert, where this film was shot. It was there where he discovered the fundamentals of reality, as he underwent an unhappy and alienated childhood as part of an uprooted family. Left brain and right brain duke it out and then belt out a tune in comedian Bo Burnham's quick and clever one-man show. As intelligent as he is lanky, Burnham cynically pokes at pop entertainment while offering unadulterated showmanship of his own. This classic film chronicles the life of Tukaram (17th C.), one of Maharashtra's most popular saint poets, activating the 20th century resonances of his turning away from courtly Sanskrit towards vernacular rhythms of religious poetry. A Point of View film from a filmmaker who likes a bit of fat on women and wonders if he's the only one who does, and why is the beauty ideal so thin? An evening on October 1973, at dinner, Deni rose from the table and said to her family: - I will be back in a while... and she left to join the guerrilla, to the house that the National Liberation Forces had in Nepantla, a town 50 miles from Mexico City. Four months later the army with rifles and grenades assaulted the house. Four comrades and Deni, who was only 19 years old, were killed. A chronicle of Nelson Mandela's life journey from his childhood in a rural village through to his inauguration as the first democratically elected president of South Africa. This real-life thriller tells the story of one of Israel's prized intelligence sources, recruited to spy on his own people for more than a decade. Focusing on the complex relationship with his handler, The Green Prince is a gripping account of terror, betrayal, and unthinkable choices, along with a friendship that defies all boundaries. When a Las Vegas bodyguard with lethal skills and a gambling problem gets in trouble with the mob, he has one last play... and it's all or nothing. 5 Professional Freestyle Mountain Bikers teamed up with Mindspark Cinema to produce a unique and never seen before freestyle film to raise awareness and funds for Cystic Fibrosis. The violent overreaction to 9/11 and the revolutions of the 1960's cannot be explained only with fear and politics. Franz Hinkelammert, a German-born liberation theologian, economist and philosopher, brings religion front and center to the discussion in a unique way. The emptiness and senselessness felt by those at the margins of a free-market Utopian ideology has been filled by an extreme millenarian Christianity and other fundamentalist religions that justify murder and torture as preemptive self-defense. In place of a suicidal theology of death based on defeating or marginalizing others, Hinkelammert advocates an economics that promotes coexistence by looking towards liberation theology and the preferential option for the poor. Petey Wheatstraw (Rudy Ray Moore) is a candidate to become the devil's son-in-law. The storyline is a scaffolding on which Rudy Ray Moore's standup humor can be unfolded. Beginning life as the afterbirth to a watermelon, the young Wheatstraw becomes a martial artist, but is unable to best the evil comedy team of Leroy and Skillet, who also indulge in wholesale murder. Satan restores the comedians' victims to life, and charges Petey with the task of marrying his clock-stoppingly ugly daughter to giving him a grandchild. When Petey attempts to default on the deal, he is pursued by the devil's henchmen. A look at the life and work of legendary film producer Richard D. Zanuck. What Swiss director Stefan Schweitert did for accordion music and for yodeling (Accordion Tribe, Cinequest, 2005; Echoes of Home, Cinequest 2008) he now does for traditional Balkan music. This wonderful film is also a love story - and a door into a world of musical wonders. A documentary on classic video arcade collectors across North America. Those who were the first to look into the neon haze of a vector/raster screen and fall in love. The first quarter poppers, the "vidiots" who never grew up. 'Pleasures' profiles legendary jazz critic and civil libertarian Nat Hentoff, whose pioneering career tracks the greatest cultural and political movements of the last 65 years. The film is about an idea as well as a man - the idea of free expression as the defining characteristic of the individual. Hentoff is a pioneering journalist who raised jazz as an art form and was present at the creation of 'alternative' journalism. 'Pleasures' wraps the themes of liberty and identity around a historical narrative that stretches from the Great Depression to the Patriot Act. With a mix of interviews, archival footage and music, it employs a complex non-linear structure to engage the audience in a life of independent ideas and the creation of an enduring voice. The life of Fumio Demura, the greatest karate master of a generation. Teenager Rick Stevens is willing to do whatever it takes to win the heart of Nina Pennington. He'll have to deal with his best friend's horny mom, a drug abusing boss and even the mob if he ever hopes to land the girl of his dreams. Love is never easy! Based on the turbulent life story of the poet Yona Wallach. The film focuses on the period in which she was just a young village girl, a war orphan, clawing her way through the world of Hebrew poetry. With the outbreak consciousness and transition from the village to the big city, Jonah, which examines the limits of herself and wants to know everything, experienced a mental breakdown. Spirit of the times, Jonah was treated LSD. The struggle to return to write and occupy its own place heavy charge her, but earns her immortality on the Hebrew poetry shelf. The movie is a post-apocalyptic horror/science fiction film. the setting is in a near post apocalyptic future where a biological warfare program goes wrong, and turns most of humanity to mindless, murderous creatures. A grandchild sets out to discover how the death of his grandfather in the Spanish Civil War could split up the entire family for three generations. Rocker Kai Latvalehto has a wife and a son, almost everything a man could wish for. Still, he feels that something is missing. Accompanied by his father, he drives across Sweden to refresh his childhood memories of life in Gothenburg in the 1970's. This journey of identities brings the two men closer.  Lucky Express is a feature length documentary film that criss-crosses Indian Railways with the destitute children who have made the vast network their home as they share their astonishing life histories, hopes and dreams with fellow former 'platform child' turned filmmaker, Lucky, whose insider connection shapes the film's entire vision. At an isolated log cabin in the harsh wilderness of Indiana circa 1817, the rhythms of love, tragedy, and the daily hardships of life on the developing frontier shaped one of our nation's greatest heroes: Abraham Lincoln. Abe is a thoughtful and quiet boy who spends his days at the side of his beloved mother while learning to work the land from his stern father. When illness takes his mother, Abe's new guardian angel comes in the form of his new stepmother, who sees the potential in the boy and pushes for his further education. After many rumors of an MLS team arriving in Philadelphia never materializing, a small group of soccer fans took matters into their own hands and started a supporters group called the Sons of Ben to help bring a team to their hometown. They were a group without a team to root for and had a modest goal of reaching 100 members by the end of the year. Little did they know they would reach over 1,500 members in less time than that and start a movement that would not only change the soccer landscape in Philadelphia forever, but also help revive a community that had been struggling for decades. Lucy Daniels believes that a family secret told to her as a four year-old radically impacted the trajectory of her life, and set in motion a life-long debilitating mental illness. Born into a powerful newspaper-magnate family, from an early age Lucy defined her worth by her ability to write. Despite early success, she was struck with severe anorexia and underwent brutal treatment in mental institutions, only to survive, pen her first best-seller, and ultimately win a Guggenheim Prize in literature - all before the age of 22. The first of its kind, this hybrid documentary weaves together 'relational' recreations, animated dream sequences, constructed worlds and intimate interviews to tell a worthwhile story of survival and creativity, filtered through the eyes of filmmaker and subject. Birth In Action chronicles the experience of one family's journey through a natural childbirth. This documentary takes an in-depth look at the natural birthing process, as well as the various stages of labor and birth from the moment the mother's water breaks to the glorious birth of the couple's son. Complete with insightful interviews from one of today's leading Midwives and the Doulas and Educators who helped make it possible. This documentary provides some of the most current information available today on 'low-tech' births without medical intervention Lacan Palestine is a found footage essay about the troubled couple in Palestine. This country without a country has been party to imperial projections for centuries, amply on display here in waves of armed crusaders, legionnaires, Mongols on horseback and biplanes issuing state edicts from the end of a machine gun. There are maps by the galore, drawn and redrawn as occupied territories are bartered in foreign capitals. Contemporary art activists Velcrow Ripper, Elle Flanders, Tamira Sawatzky, Dani Leventhal and others have generously donated their keen lookings and these have been blended with newsreels, desert spectaculars, historical recreations and intimate encounters. Mike Cartmell appears as the ghost of psychoanalysis, offering ruminations on killing the father, John Coltrane and why enjoyment is difficult A number of kidnapped and trafficked women find themselves imprisoned in a squalid medical facility. For Paula her continued survival relies on her basic human function. Escape, on any level, is seemingly impossible as the women are condemned to a life of enforced servitude at the whims of their captors; for one reason only - their milk. The amazing, true story of a Uruguayan rugby team's plane that crashed in the middle of the Andes mountains, and their immense will to survive and pull through alive, forced to do anything and everything they could to stay alive on meager rations and through the freezing cold. A new documentary about world renowned photographer, Joel-Peter Witkin. The women of a prosperous provincial family hide unsuspected secrets which range from the entanglements of love to murder for mercy or for greed. The story of these eccentric women combines love, potions, black humor and death. In 1561, Mary Stuart, widow of the King of France, returns to Scotland, reclaims her rightful throne and menaces the future of Queen Elizabeth I as ruler of England, because she has a legitimate claim to the English throne. Betrayals, rebellions, conspiracies and their own life choices imperil both Queens. They experience the bitter cost of power, until their tragic fate is finally fulfilled. This film tells the story of the efforts of the first Canadian to attempt to fly a human powered heavier than air aircraft The amazing true story of civil rights pioneer Joan Trumpauer Mulholland, An Ordinary Hero is directed by award-winning filmmaker Loki Mulholland, who captures his mother's story and learns about her courage and the role she played in changing American history. As a white girl growing up in the South, Joan witnessed the ugly realities of segregation and racism firsthand and vowed to one day change it. By the time she was 19, she had already joined the Freedom Riders and participated in over three dozen sit-ins and protests. Despite being attacked by angry mobs, put on death row in the notorious Parchman Penitentiary, and coming face-to-face with the KKK, Joan never wavered from her belief that we are all created equal. The film follows John Crenshaw as he accompanies his girlfriend and her students on a weekend nature-photography expedition deep into the woods. What should be an educational and fun-filled weekend turns into horror as the group is besieged by an unspeakable evil - a horde of hideously disfigured, mutated humans with an insatiable taste for blood. As things go from bad to worse, Crenshaw becomes their only hope if they are going to get out alive. Why OTB closed, its impact on the horse-racing industry, who benefited politically, and how the taxpayer ultimately paid the price for its demise. The true story of Oscar, a 22-year-old Bay Area resident, who crosses paths with friends, enemies, family, and strangers on the last day of 2008. The documentary uses Graham Greene's own words from his books and recordings, as well as photographs and clips from his many films, to reveal the fascinating life of one of the great writers of the twentieth century. The documentary explores how African-based spirituality has informed Americas popular culture. The old African gods have taken on new forms since their arrival on North America's shores. Their spirit now manifests in turntable wizardry, improvisational skills and mind-blowing collages, performances and rituals. The film shakes up traditional and stereotypical ways of thinking about race, religion, rationality. Through meetings with musicians, writers and artists, healers, gumbo cooks and Mississippi Blues men, the documentary draws a picture of a culture which has always drawn on a unique mix of different ethnic influences to produce its cultural diversity, allure, and vitality As the infamous 'Men of Oregon' basked in the spotlight, a team of women were running on the same track, vaulting over the same bar and crossing the same finish line. We Grew Wings in the untold story of the how the women's teams overcame hurdles and personal struggles to set new records and break through barriers. This is a story about both yesterday's legacy and today's triumphs. And more than anything, about the common bond we share through sports. We Grew wings answers a long-time need for women in sport; to be inspired and cheered by their predecessors. To be encouraged to set new records, so we can each run our own race. A little-known actor discovers that he is hugely popular in Serbia. Thomas, the protagonist of this autobiographical film, lives with his husband Felipe in Geneva. They are both film students who love each other and also like women. However, these love triangles result in jealousy, and Thomas has a troubled relationship with his parents. This intimate and exuberant film presents an impressively honest and melodramatic snapshot of a phase in a life NYPD cop John McClane's plan to reconcile with his estranged wife is thrown for a serious loop when, minutes after he arrives at her office, the entire building is overtaken by a group of terrorists. With little help from the LAPD, wisecracking McClane sets out to single-handedly rescue the hostages and bring the bad guys down. The untold story of one of Canada's most famous, and now forgotten, authors. Six blind Tibetan teenagers climb the Lhakpa-Ri peak of Mount Everest, led by seven-summit blind mountain-climber Erik Weihenmayer. A feature-length documentary about Star Trek's iconic original Green Girl, Susan Oliver: Prolific actress of the '50s - '80s, original member of the American Film Institute's Directing Workshop for Women, record-setting female aviator; Tragically taken by cancer in 1990. With over 120 major acting credits in film and television, Susan Oliver was literally a household name in the 1960's. She set a number of world records as a pilot and was one of the only women directing major TV shows in the 1980's. And yet many people don't even remember her name today. It's time to remember Susan Oliver... In the Aftermath of the Chernobyl disaster and the "death" of the Soviet Union, a team of Russian scientists seeks "immortality" on a tiny Greek island and in the philosophy of Pythagoras. Along with a survivor of the disaster, the nuclear physicist Andrei, as their leader, they create a commune on the island and establish there an esoteric school. The film presents the development of their ideas and their adventurous relation with the local community, as it is now Greece's turn to sink inside its own big crisis. A quest for certainties in an era of total uncertainty. Four Belgian-Moroccan filmmakers in their thirties produce their latest film. Since adolescence they have managed to produce over thirty low-budget movies in which they often have played the main characters. Their movies are not only the sum of their fears and desires, but also a way of projecting an image of themselves towards their own community and the outside world. When one of them decides to radically change his life, their friendship and the future of their common cinema goals are threatened. Crazed members of a sadistic family return to their childhood home to terrorize the new owners. Before the U.S. Civil War rebel leader Luke Darcy sees himself as leader of a new independent Republic of Kansas but the military governor sends an ex-raider to capture Darcy. BIG VOICE captures a tumultuous year in the life of a visionary high school choir teacher and his students as they overcome seemingly insurmountable obstacles to become one big voice in this inspiring musical documentary. Andrea and Paula, homosexuals of 23 and 25 years, will show us, through their personal experience, the reality of young lesbians of their generation in Madrid, London and Berlin. Traveling through these three cities, we will meet different organized groups who will describe their proposals and attitudes towards their sexual orientation. With a riveting and edgy style, Born Naked (MLB) introduces us to individuals who refuse to be labeled by society. A generation who fights for their right to reinvent themselves. This candid New York love story explores the chaotic 40-year marriage of famed boxing painter Ushio Shinohara and his wife, Noriko. Anxious to shed her role as her overbearing husband's assistant, Noriko finds an identity of her own.  The true story of the "Flying Sikh" world champion runner and Olympian Milkha Singh who overcame the massacre of his family, civil war during the India-Pakistan partition, and homelessness to become one of India's most iconic athletes. A young American studying in Paris in 1968 strikes up a friendship with a French brother and sister. Set against the background of the '68 Paris student riots. The story of Steve Jobs' ascension from college dropout into one of the most revered creative entrepreneurs of the 20th century.  Jim Wood has a dream to be famous, but he's too busy chasing the dream, he risks missing what success really means. Julian Assange is one of the most significant figures of the twenty first century. But before he was famous, before WikiLeaks, before the internet even existed, he was a teenage computer hacker in Melbourne. This is his story.  In 1989, known as 'Mendax', Assange and two friends formed a group called the 'International Subversives'. Using early home computers and defining themselves as 'white hat hackers' - those who look but don't steal - they broke into some of the world's most powerful and secretive organisations. They were young, brilliant, and in the eyes of the US Government, a major threat to national security. A documentary about Caroll Spinney who has been Sesame Street's Big Bird and Oscar the Grouch since 1969. At 78-years-old, he has no intention of stopping. In the space between war and a new battle, NOT YET BEGUN TO FIGHT unfolds, offering an intimate look at the human cost of combat. A retired Marine Colonel reaches out to five men, a new generation returning from the battlefield. He brings them to the river. He puts a fly rod into their hand, teaches them to cast, and shares his secret: there are places where you can still be consumed by a simple act, find joy in a fight, and be redeemed as you gently release another creature, unharmed, into quiet waters. The life story of basketball sensation, Jeremy Lin. A master pizzaiola, working in rural Mississippi, discusses his craft. On a winter day in a southside Queens high school, events collide and six students are suddenly in an armed standoff with the NYPD. At the school, classrooms freeze, teachers come and go, resources are scant. Filling the giant screen with stunning time-lapse vistas of Antarctica, and detailing year-round life at McMurdo and Scott Base, Anthony Powell's documentary is a potent hymn to the icy continent and the heavens above. History -  Revealing, touching and puzzling, Dali's Greatest Secret takes us on the spiritual journey of history's greatest surrealist artist. -  Glen Baggerly, Eddie Eagle, Christy Lynn Eccentric Frank Carlyle ran a horror shop in small-town Steeple Falls, which takes pride in and profit from its Halloween traditions. Frank's widower grandson Richard grudgingly returns there from Boston with his own kids, bright Ian and bratty Claire, to settle the inheritance. Ian discovers great-grandpa's house is really haunted, and not just, as legend holds, by historic owner Zachariah Kull, who was burned on the stake.  What's going on inside his head doesn't have to be a puzzle! This documentary reveals the importance of family and faith, how men communicate, express feelings, and the challenges and differences between the sexes. "What Men Really Want will touch your heart as it opens your eyes to new truths about men. It is moving, funny, and honest!" A fast rising hi-tech executive must protect his career and family from the ruthless tactics of a homicidal corporate headhunter. YouTube is not just an amateur video site. The third most trafficked site on the Internet is among of a handful of mediums building the careers of independent artists who are making over six figures a year by just uploading videos to the internet. PLEASE SUBSCRIBE is a feature-length documentary that gives an exclusive look and explores the phenomenon behind of some of the most influential and unique content creators currently taking the world of online entertainment by storm. One of the most celebrated war correspondents of our time, Marie Colvin is an utterly fearless and rebellious spirit, driven to the frontlines of conflicts across the globe to give voice to the voiceless. A kaleidoscopic musical road trip down a million mile highway of poetry, philosophy and life featuring Nashville hit songwriter, Danny Darst. A war-hardened Crusader and his Moorish commander mount an audacious revolt against the corrupt English crown. Documentary - In Tempting Fear, Sweden's soft-spoken Adventurer of the Year, Andreas Fransson, explores a place in which fear overhwelms all emotions, playing both friend and enemy in a pas de deux where death lies just one misstep away. -  Xavier de la Rue, Andreas Fransson, Felix Hentz Impossible Light reveals the drama and the daring of artist Leo Villareal and a small team of visionaries who battle seemingly impossible challenges to turn a dream of creating the world's largest LED light sculpture into a glimmering reality. This film is released as part of the ongoing 50th anniversary celebration of the Rolling Stones. It tells the story of the Stones' unparalleled journey from blues obsessed teens in the early 60s to their undisputed status as rock royalty. All of the Stones have been newly interviewed and their words form the narrative arc that links together archive footage of performances, news coverage, and interviews, much of it previously unseen. Taking its title from a lyric in "Jumpin' Jack Flash," this film gives the viewer an intimate insight into exactly what it's like to be part of the Rolling Stones as they overcome denunciation, drugs, dissensions, and death to become the definitive survivors. Over a year in the making and produced with the full cooperation and involvement of the Stones, this film is and will remain the definitive story of the world's greatest rock 'n' roll band The life story of 'Zen Anarchist' filmmaker John Milius, one of the most influential storytellers of his generation. A 15-year-old daughter of a friend improbably falls for Christian De Sica's middle-aged traveler. An impressionistic portrait of the iconic actor Harry Dean Stanton comprised of intimate moments, film clips from some of his 250 films and his renditions of American folk songs. In this romantic tragedy, love drama, three stories are interwoven with characters that are trying to solve their emotional problems and unresolved relationships from the past during one night. Each of the characters survive their loneliness with others. Day in and day out, lovers Cynthia and Evelyn enact an elaborate sadomasochistic fantasy as mistress and maid. But as their ritual of domination and submission begins to turn stale, Cynthia yearns for something more conventional, while Evelyn tries to push their taboos even further. A documentary about the tragic life of the forgotten German comedian Heino Jager. 1949, a French explorer goes on a solitary expedition in the Amazon forest. He leaves behind him a diary that reflects the meaning of Pure Life and his encounters but leaves the mystery of his own disappearance unsolved. Based on a true story. In a place where killers are celebrated as heroes, these filmmakers challenge unrepentant death-squad leaders to dramatize their role in genocide. The result is a surreal, cinematic journey, not only into the memories and imaginations of mass murderers, but also into a frighteningly banal regime of corruption and impunity. Novalee Nation is a 17-year-old Tennessee transient who has to grow up in a hurry when she's left pregnant and abandoned by her boyfriend on a roadside in Sequoyah, Okla., and takes refuge in the friendly aisles of Wal-Mart. In short order, some eccentric, kindly strangers "adopt" Novalee and her infant daughter, helping them buck the odds and build a new life. 'HeartChild' is a documentary film about the 28 year Crys Worley, who is the mother of a nine year old autistic child, Sasha. It is a remarkable story about a mother's struggles, not only with her own health, but the well being of her son. Committing to Sasha that she will never give up on him and inspired by the challenges parents of autistic children face, she started a non-profit organization, called A.Skate - Autism. Skating with Kids through Acceptance, Therapy, and Education. This film documents her extraordinary story.  One Tree Three Lives, an intimate film on the novelist Hualing Nieh Engle, who has been a major influence on generations of writers in the Chinese Diaspora, and beyond. The director has known the author and her family since the Seventies. The film reveals a woman of unusual charisma, integrity and determination, and a person in continual exile. She is the author of 24 books. She also co-founded the International Writing Program in Iowa, USA, with her now deceased husband, the poet Paul Engle. One Tree Three Lives is also their love story. A young girl is raised in a dysfunctional family constantly on the run from the FBI. Living in poverty, she comes of age guided by her drunkard, ingenious father who distracts her with magical stories to keep her mind off the family's dire state, and her selfish, nonconformist mother who has no intention of raising a family, along with her younger brother and sister, and her other older sister. Together, they fend for each other as they mature in an unorthodox journey that is their family life. The 1992 Danish football team competes for the European Championship. A documentary by Fatih Akin about turkish immigrants in Germany. Of all the great ballerinas, Tanaquil Le Clercq may have been the most transcendent. With a body unlike any before hers, she mesmerized viewers and choreographers alike. With her elongated, race-horse physique, she became the new prototype for the great George Balanchine. Because of her extraordinary movement and unique personality on stage, she became a muse to two of the greatest choreographers in dance, George Balanchine and Jerome Robbins. She eventually married Balanchine, and Robbins created his famous version of Afternoon of a Faun for her. She had love, fame, adoration, and was the foremost dancer of her day until it suddenly all stopped. At the age of 27, she was struck down by polio and paralyzed. She never danced again. The ballet world has been haunted by her story ever since. Possessed of an incredible artistic talent, Steve Rude is "The Dude," an eccentric personality as colorful as his comic book art. Filmmaker Ian Fischer (Magritte Moment) presents Rude's rise through the comic book world and difficult transition from comic book shops to art gallery walls, made all the more challenging by Rude's battles with mental illness. As a young New York couple goes from college romance to marriage and the birth of their first child, the unexpected twists of their journey create reverberations that echo over continents and through lifetimes. A security guard (Vincent Rivera) gets hired to guard an empty mansion until the owner will arrive in the morning. Little does he know, he has been set up as a human sacrifice to placate ... JACO tells the story of Jaco Pastorius, a self-taught, larger-than-life musician who single-handedly changed the course of modern music by redefining the sound and the role of the electric bass guitar. Never-before-seen 8mm film, photographs, and audio recordings unveil the true story behind the legend of Jaco's life, his music, and his heartbreaking end.  Featuring Joni Mitchell, Sting, Flea, Herbie Hancock, Geddy Lee, Bootsy Collins, Santana, Wayne Shorter and more, JACO will leave you longing for a time when "musicians owned the music industry." Produced by Metallica's Robert Trujillo with Passion Pictures (Searching for Sugar Man) and directed by Mr. Paul Marchand &amp; Stephen Kijak. Grace Lee Boggs is an activist and philosopher in Detroit who has dedicated her life to the next American Revolution and the possibility of a better, more just future for all of humanity. At age 97, she has been building movements and developing strategies for social change for most of her life -- reminding us that revolution is not only possible and necessary, but a process that must always be in motion. In 2005 Omar and Cherif Herrawi started Egypt's first and only skateboard shop, SkateImpact. Six years later, while Egypt is still in a state of unrest, they passionately share their story with documentarian, Brett Wiese Saunders. Angela Barrows is a man-eating business woman sent by her American employer to investigate their export opportunities in Edinburgh. En route she meets Robert MacPherson a businessman who asks for her help to bring his company into the 20th Century. The staff, led by Mr Martin has other ideas though, and a battle between the old and new business methods soon breaks out. Buck Angel: trans man, porn star, pioneer. Here we see his life through a documentary lens that evidences the power and personality of an amazing human being. An in depth and personal look at the life and experience of Philadelphia person of interest, Kevin Mines. The film follows Kevin's exploits for a year and a half and promises to deliver a powerful and touching look into the life of one man struggling to define himself and to rise above the wounds left by an abusive and tumultuous past. In this Pete Smith Specialty short, answers are sought regarding some things people may have wondered about. Martial arts fuelled adventure as Ben Silver aka The Liberator has only a few hours to retrieve a priceless stolen antique and return it undamaged to his mysterious female client, reformed cat burglar, Melinda Page. This a documentary about the artist Bob and Roberta Smith, in reality one person called Patrick Brill who has become renowned for his humorous, opinionated, polemical art works. He occupies a unique position in the art world as an outsider who is a Trustee of the Tate Gallery, an artist whose work appears in The Guardian and also a school on the East End. What distinguishes Bob from mainstream contemporary art is his commitment to the idea that art is a vital part of democracy, and that art itself must be democratic. The film follows Bob over 3 years providing a unique insight into one of Britain's most important artists at work reflecting on art and the role it plays in society today. The true story of a young woman whose lust for life means she is determined to be so very much more than just another cancer patient. A captivating history of the nation's oldest performing arts center - which largely mirrors the evolution of experimental and progressive performing arts in 20th century America - BAM150 chronicles the vibrant past, present and future of the Brooklyn Academy of Music. Through footage of recent performances, intimate interviews, and an astonishing treasure trove of 150 years' worth of archival materials, BAM150 is a testament to the power and stamina of the institution that established Brooklyn as a cultural mecca-serving as a home to such greats as Enrico Caruso, Sarah Bernhardt, Edwin Booth, Merce Cunningham, Robert Wilson, Mark Morris, Laurie Anderson, and Pina Bausch. Four childhood friends learn to cheat dice games from a heroine addict. They soon learn that the game of dice isn't about how the dice roll, it's about the people you roll with. No overview found. David Sieveking left home years ago to make films. Now he has returned - and for a reason: To help his mother, Gretel, who has Alzheimer's, and relieve her long-time carer and his father Malte for a few weeks. The filmmaker takes on the role of carer and documents this encounter with his camera. Gretel no longer knows the people around her, but her puns and charm have not faded. The time spent with his mother becomes a journey into David's unexpected family history. Once active in Zurich's left-wing scene, David's parents enjoyed a lifelong "open relationship", characterised by a loving distance and mutual respect. VERGISS MEIN NICHT is a film about dementia, but it's first and foremost a declaration of a love of life and family. Saroyanland is a docu-drama focusing on the journey of famous writer William Saroyan to the birthplace of his Armenian family Bitlis, in Turkey in 1964. While retaking the same road, the film aims to understand Saroyan's unique attitude to belonging, witnessing the self-discovery of a man who followed the traces of his Armenian ancestors. Former United States Secretary of Defense, Donald Rumsfeld, discusses his career in Washington D.C. from his days as a congressman in the early 1960s to planning the invasion of Iraq in 2003  Mickey and others are firemen; they slide down an ostrich's neck when the alarm sounds. A squealing cat whose tail Mickey pulls acts as the siren. The nearest hydrant isn't working too well, so Horace Horsecollar takes drinks from a pond and uses that water to put out the fire. Minnie is trapped on an upper floor; Mickey climbs the neighboring building fire escape and uses a clothesline to cross to Minnie's building. A decade ago rapper Khari 'Conspiracy' Stewart was diagnosed with a psychological disorder, but he has rejected the label and is pursuing a spiritual path.  Through artful documentation of Khari's history, daily life and with insight from psychiatric experts, "Mars Project" reveals the deep complexities of mental health and the inadequacies of the current Canadian healthcare system. Khari's diagnosis or spiritual encounters (as he refers to them) have entrenched themselves so deeply, that it will take much more than a state-imposed drug regimen or spiritual healing to vanquish his demons. Independent feature film based on the biography of a Brazilian judo with a great victory that went beyond the mats and medals. Documentary - The Sugar Wars chronicles the life of the Lonardos', the first crime family in Cleveland, Ohio. On his deathbed, Angelo Lonardo comes out of hiding at 90 years old to tell the story of the Cleveland Mafia. -  Michael Cipiti Breathing is about the thin space between life and death. 34-year-old Neil Platt plans his own funeral, muses about the meaning of life and the impossibility of terminating a mobile phone contract. With 5 months left to live, and paralyzed from the neck down by Motor Neurone Disease, he ponders how to communicate about his life in a letter for his baby son. How can he anticipate what he might want to know about his father in a future he can only imagine? The Queen is an intimate behind the scenes glimpse at the interaction between HM Elizabeth II and Prime Minister Tony Blair during their struggle, following the death of Diana, to reach a compromise between what was a private tragedy for the Royal family and the public's demand for an overt display of mourning. The story of American poet Emily Dickinson from her early days as a young schoolgirl to her later years as a reclusive, unrecognized artist. Birth Story: Ina May Gaskin and The Farm Midwives captures a spirited group of women who taught themselves how to deliver babies on a 1970s hippie commune. Today as nearly one third of all US babies are born via C-section, they fight to protect their knowledge and to promote respectful, safe maternity practices all over the globe. From the backs of their technicolor school buses, these pioneers rescued American midwifery from extinction, changed the way a generation approached pregnancy, and filmed nearly everything they did. With unprecedented access to the midwives' archival video collection, as well as modern day footage of life at the alternative intentional community where they live, this documentary shows childbirth the way most people have never seen it--unadorned, unabashed, and awe-inspiring. A touching mother-daughter relationship that reflects the modern South Africa. Backup singers live in a world that lies just beyond the spotlight. Their voices bring harmony to the biggest bands in popular music, but we've had no idea who these singers are or what lives they lead, until now. Masculinity/Femininity is an experimental film project interrogating normative notions of gender, sexuality and performance. Shot primarily on Super 8, the project merges academic and creative critique -- a document of gender de-construction rather than a documentary about gender construction. Based on the life of Indian guru Shirdi Sai Baba (Nagarjuna Akkineni), who taught love, forgiveness, charity and devotion. Jerry Maguire used to be a typical sports agent: willing to do just about anything he could to get the biggest possible contracts for his clients, plus a nice commission for himself. Then, one day, he suddenly has second thoughts about what he's really doing. When he voices these doubts, he ends up losing his job and all of his clients, save Rod Tidwell, an egomaniacal football player. Meet John G Morris, 95, a legend of photojournalism, whose unerring eye for the best shot has moved and changed the world. Morris, former Picture Editor of Life Magazine & New York Times was instrumental in the early years of Magnum with his friends and peers Robert Capa & Henri Cartier Bresson. This film covers serious subjects; the coverage of conflict through photojournalism, a sensitive view of humanity and a search for peace in the world. Two schoolboy delinquents learn a lesson that they will never forget when a teacher at the end of his tether decides to abduct them. Crowds is a feature documentary that records popular events of Uruguay where thousands of people gather spontaneously, called by faith, passion, celebration and memory. What happens when we set aside our individuality to act collectively? This documentary observes the passions that draw thousands of people close in order to join in a choral character. It discovers the crowd while it transgresses and experiences catharsis, while it seeks miracles and hopes; in continuous movement it splits and rejoins... until they dissipate and individuals re-emerge in their own solitude. Mike Epps, Richard Pryor Jr. and others recount the culture-defining influence of Richard Pryor - one of America's most brilliant, iconic comic minds. When her idyllic vacation takes an unthinkable turn, Ellen Martin begins investigating a fake insurance policy, only to find herself down a rabbit hole of questionable dealings that can be linked to a Panama City law firm and its vested interest in helping the world's wealthiest citizens amass larger fortunes. The life story of Italian violinist and composer, Niccolo Paganini, who rose to fame as a virtuoso in the early 19th Century. Hard and dangerous service. Needed to extinguish fires, but what if there is a fire between the legs? Finding love in city can be hard, keeping it can be harder. Look at Me revolves around the lives of seven twenty-somethings and their complications with dating and surviving in New York City. A drama based on Jimi Hendrix's life as he left New York City for London, where his career took off. In this "beautifully intimate and utterly unique piece of cinema", Toby Amies crosses the line between filmmaker and carer, trying to cope with the strange and hilarious world view of the fragile eccentric, Drako Zarharzar. A love story. A dramatic documentary about both the dark and the bright sides of the genius; about the ups and downs of a Bulgarian winner, who is a last-ditcher by nature; about the mission to be a leader, taking the lead in crucial moments; about the real events and the myths; about national self-confidence and national nihilism. Inspirational true story of Iranian dancer Afshin Ghaffarian, who risked his life for his dream to become a dancer despite a nationwide dancing ban. A spoiled teens birthday bash turns killer after she convinced her parents to re-open a roller skating rink where murders took place. The two weeks before the Fourth of July are unofficially called "Cowboy Christmas," as there are 65 rodeos across 25 states and that many chances for the cowboys to win money. "Cowboy Christmas" follows four professional rodeo cowboys (steer wrestlers) as they travel the rodeo circuit looking for fame and fortune. From small towns in bustling cities from Arizona to North Dakota follow the cowboys participating in the 150 year-old tradition of bucking broncs and roping calves. Maverick. Auteur. Rebel. Innovator. Storyteller. Rambler. Gambler. Mad man. Family man. Director. Artist.  Robert Altman's life and career contained multitudes. This father of American independent cinema left an indelible mark, not merely on the evolution of his art form, but also on the western zeitgeist. "Altman", Canadian director Ron Mann's new documentary, explores and celebrates the epic fifty-year redemptive journey of one of the most important and influential filmmakers in the history of the medium.  With its use of rare interviews, representative film clips, archival images, and musings from his family and most recognizable collaborators, Mann's Altman is a dynamic and heartfelt mediation on an artist whose expression, passion and appetite knew few bounds. BELLE is inspired by the true story of Dido Elizabeth Belle, the illegitimate mixed race daughter of a Royal Navy Admiral. Raised by her aristocratic great-uncle Lord Mansfield and his wife, Belle's lineage affords her certain privileges, yet the color of her skin prevents her from fully participating in the traditions of her social standing. Left to wonder if she will ever find love, Belle falls for an idealistic young vicar's son bent on change who, with her help, shapes Lord Mansfield's role as Lord Chief Justice to end slavery in England Maria Altmann, an octogenarian Jewish refugee, takes on the Austrian government to recover a world famous painting of her aunt plundered by the Nazis during World War II, she believes rightfully belongs to her family. She did so not just to regain what was rightfully hers, but also to obtain some measure of justice for the death, destruction, and massive art theft perpetrated by the Nazis. The story of the last days of Oscar Wilde. This great man of letters, once one of the most famous authors in England, is now a superstar on the skids. As Oscar lies on his death bed, the past comes flooding back to him, transporting him to other times and places. Singing sailor Hannes, who entertains the crowd in St. Pauli's Hippodrom, promises his dying brother to take care of his ex-girlfriend Gisa. Taking Gisa to Hamburg to live with him, Hannes slowly falls in love with her, but soon has to face Gisa's affection for Willem. For years, people have been making home movies, many times using pop culture properties that they may not own, but love. In recent years, these types of projects have come to be known as "fanfilms". Backyard Blockbusters looks at the history and influence of the fanfilm genre, as well as the copyright and fair use problems these films create, featuring highlights from and interviews with the creators of many popular films. All paths inevitably end, whether we want them to or not. This is a tale about one particular path, followed by two particular people, but this is not a tale about romance, this is simply a film about beginnings and endings. Daniel and Eve are a young couple in crisis. The film follows their relationship in reverse from the end to the beginning, starting with a break up. Daniel - a level-headed, well-meaning slacker caught between his desire to make something of himself,and his student inclinations to have fun. Upon meeting Eve at a party, Daniel finds her attractive precisely because she possesses the traits he does not. As their various differences bring them together, they are forced to acknowledge their faults, many of which are reflected in the other. Two brothers, Tod and Justin Purvis faced with a rare genetic disease that causes blindness (Choroideremia) decide to take the road trip of a lifetime around the United States and see everything possible before going blind. Exploring large cities and small towns, camping in national parks, pushing themselves to their limits while meeting strangers and making new friends, Driving Blind is the story of appreciating what you have, while you have it. The film is a portrait of what makes America beautiful, what really matters in life, and what we as human beings do with our short time here. The Law Enforcement Technology Advancement Centre (LETAC) has developed SID version 6.7: a Sadistic, Intelligent, and Dangerous virtual reality entity which is synthesized from the personalities of more than 150 serial killers, and only one man can stop him. Murder, Sex, Disney. The town of Celebration, Florida has it all. Built on the southern edge of Walt Disney World by the Disney Company in 1994, Celebration is now home to over 10,000 people attempting to live the perfect life under what they call, 'The Bubble'. For 15 years the peaceful town grew under scrutiny from outsiders and in November of 2010 they had their first murder when a man was beaten with an axe in his own home. In the following investigations, one resident was quoted as saying, 'I never met so many swingers since I moved to Celebration'. Is the bubble beginning to pop? RAGAMUFFIN is based on the true story of Rich Mullins, a musical prodigy who rose to Christian music fame and fortune only to walk away and live on a Navajo reservation.  An artistic genius raised on a tree farm in Indiana by a weathered, callous father, Rich wrestled all of his life with the brokenness and crippling insecurity born of his childhood.  A lover of Jesus and a rebel in the church, Rich refused to let his struggles with alcoholism, addiction and women tear him away from a God he was determined to love.  As he struggled with success in Nashville, depression in Wichita, and oblivion in the Four Corners, Rich became one of the first of his time to live honestly amidst a culture of religion and conformity. The White Planet or in French, La Planete Blanche, is a 2006 documentary about the wildlife of the Arctic.  It shows interactions between marine animals, birds and land animals, especially the polar bear, over a one year period. The fragility of the Arctic is hinted at as a reason to prevent climate change. It was nominated for the Documentary category in the 27th Genie Awards in 2007. Deep in the Nevada desert, thousands of people meet every summer at a incredible celebration called Burning Man. Here's an intimate glimpse into what 5 participants - known as Burners - discover about love, creativity, the environment, art...and reality. This documentary follows Torstein Horgmo during 2 years as a world famous professional snowboarder going about his anything but ordinary life. An unique film made by Tobias Froystad which gives a insight into highs, lows, victories and defeats of proffessional snowboarder Torstein Horgmo. A drama teacher's taboo relationship with an unstable student strikes a nerve in her jealous classmate, sparking a vengeful chain of events within their suburban high school that draws parallels to 'The Crucible'. The true story of Ian McCormack who grew up surfing the waters of New Zealand. Wanting to dive deeper, Ian sets out on a journey with his best friend that will change his life as they chase the perfect wave. Inspired by his outsider status, Raja sets out to make this film independently without the support or the substantial financial backing of the studio system. Two foreign producers (Raj Yerasi, Giulia Achilli) are so taken with the script and its potential to do well abroad that they agree to greenlight the production. Raja enlists a talented team of actors (Naseerruddin Shah, Arjun Mathur, Vijay Raaz) and a hardworking and seasoned film crew. Together, ready for anything, they set out into the streets of Bombay. A 17th century biography of Ana de los Angeles Monteagudo, an outstanding nun of the Monastery of Santa Catalina, in Arequipa, Peru. A story about a mystical character that reformed life in the monastery while living a life full of loyalty to her convictions and ideals. Locked away from society in an apartment on the Lower East Side of Manhattan, the Angulo brothers learn about the outside world through the films that they watch. Nicknamed 'The Wolfpack', the brothers spend their childhood reenacting their favorite films using elaborate home-made props and costumes. Their world is shaken up when one of the brothers escapes and everything changes. Among the most acclaimed choreographers in American history, Paul Taylor has been reinventing the roles of music, movement and theme in dance for nearly 60 years. In that time he has offered only glimpses into his creative process. Creative Domain is a rare in-depth documentation of how he creates a single dance. Through the lens of award-winning cinematographer Tom Hurwitz, we see Paul's non-verbal communication with his dancers. Below the surface of this dance and the many works that came before, is Paul's power of acute observation, revealing a side to his choreography that is strangely prophetic. The dominant voice is Paul's, between the guarded and unguarded moments we see him with new eyes and new understanding. "SHReD' is the inspiring story of 6 year old skateboarding prodigy and viral YouTube sensation Asher Bradshaw, and his father's struggle to make his son's dream of becoming one of the youngest sponsored skaters ever come true. Come and join us as we follow Asher on the ride of his life!" Long before Green Day and Blink 182 inflicted punk-rock's puncture wound on the map of mainstream music, the Descendents were at home concocting the perfect mix of pop, angst, love, and coffee. FILMAGE: The Story of DESCENDENTS/ALL follows drummer/square-peg Bill Stevenson and his 'caffeinated retardedness' as he pushes his rotating door of bandmates to 'achieve ALL,' his philosophy of going for greatness at all costs. Stevenson is a force to be reckoned with--not even grapefruit-sized brain tumors can keep him down. From award winning director Naeem Mahmood, comes Brash Young Turks, a bold debut feature telling a fast paced struggle of love, crime and power, against all odds. The film is based on the life of Malayalam poet P. Kunhiraman Nair and is particularly based on his autobiography, Kaviyude Kalpadukal. The last few years in the life of Armida Miserere, female jail director who committed suicide Pug, a wisecracking 13 year old living on a dangerous Westside block, has one goal in mind: to join The Twelve O'Clock Boys; the notorious urban dirt-bike gang of Baltimore. Converging from all parts of the inner city, they invade the streets and clash with police, who are forbidden to chase the bikes for fear of endangering the public. When Pug's older brother dies suddenly, he looks to the pack for mentorship, spurred by their dangerous lifestyle. Pug's story is coupled with unprecedented, action-packed coverage of the riders in their element. The film presents the pivotal years of change in a boy's life growing up in one of the most dangerous and economically depressed cities in the US. Sanctimonious moralist Ram Gopal Acharya (Mithun Chakraborty) does his best to separate young lovers in this twisty Bollywood yarn helmed by Babbar Subhash. When bar dancer Doli (Meghna Naidu) and rich businessman's son Suraj (Vikas Bhardwaj) fall for each other, his father (Navin Nischol) objects to the match and enlists Acharya to break up the happy couple. Recognizing Acharya as a self-righteous fraud, Doli sets out to expose his hypocrisy. Jason's idea of romance is planning anonymous gay hookups through a chat room, while his roommate Chad wants to find Mr. Right. When a friend shows Chad how to access the chat room, he meets someone named "Hook-Up Boy" who seems very familiar. The two men are soon falling for each other online, but what will happen when they finally "meet"? 'The Shadow of the Sun' draws upon Derek Jarman's interest with alchemical processes as a metaphor for reprocessing Super-8 film. Jarman once described film's union of light and matter as "an alchemical conjunction" and experimented throughout his career with creating dream symbolism through the superimposition of image and action. Originally called English Apocalypse, the film's final title is derived from a 17th Century alchemical text that used the phrase as a synonym for the philosopher's stone - the highly sought substance that turns base metals into gold and silver. The film was intended as a step toward the idea of an ambient video, that like its musical counterpart, was designed to enhance an environment. The epic emotional journey of a suburban African-American family -- led by a well-intentioned but domineering father -- as they navigate love, forgiveness and coming together in the aftermath of a loss. Beginning with Space Invaders in 1978, arcade games began to appear everywhere. By 1982, there were 13,000 dedicated arcade locations across North America. It was the Golden Age of Arcade Games, generating $3.2 billion dollars in 1983. By 1985, revenue had fallen 97%. Atari declared bankruptcy. Arcades closed. Most of the old games were converted or destroyed. A few were packed into warehouses where they remained, largely forgotten, for at least another decade. This is the story of arcade video games, and the generation who grew up in the arcades attempting to collect and preserve their fondest memories. Dayton Hyde's destiny leads him on a dramatic journey through the West, from rodeos, conservation battles, and wild horse rescues to award-winning books, personal heartbreak and new-found love. The stories of three ordinary Indians, a penniless super fan, a boy superstar and a girl cricketer, for each of whom the sport of cricket is a lifeline. In a secret battle that cost thousands of lives but was never revealed to the American public, the Japanese army invaded Alaska in June 1942. Sixty years later, two veterans embark on an intense and emotional journey, returning to their former battlefield. When single mom Megan Nolan moves to a new town, she feels guilty for uprooting her ten-year-old daughter Caitlin. Seeing that the little girl's only friend is a neighbor's dog, Megan decides to adopt a shelter pet for Caitlin. She immediately regrets her decision when Caitlin gravitates to the biggest, sloppiest dog in the pound, Jake. Megan's beautiful new home is now in shambles and, as Megan considers returning Jake to the shelter, handsome ballplayer Ben shows up claiming Jake is his dog, the regrettable outcome of his roommate leaving a gate open. Megan and Ben butt heads. Ben wants to take his dog and leave, until he sees that Caitlin loves Jake as much as he ever could. Now it is clear: the pound puppy everyone loves deserves no less than joint custody.  Even though today he remains a great stranger, Jani Christou (1926-1970) stands among the greatest figures of the 20th century music avant-garde. His work is characterized by a rare uniformity and consistency, regarding not only the pioneering means which he introduced in the world of sounds and the innovatory music systems, but also his own philosophical universe which runs through and inspires his compositions: the myth, the transcendent, the mysticism, the primordial, the ritual, the unapproachable, the panic, the hysteria... With Christou's early death in a tragic accident, on his birthday, in January 8th 1970, the world of contemporary music lost one of the most thrilling and provocative talents.  The documentary attempts to illustrate the personality and the spirit of this great thinker of art and follow the path of his short life, which has always been interwoven with art and his meaning of offering to humanity and civilization. Since the assassination of Dr. George Tiller in Kansas in 2009, only four doctors in the United States continue to perform third-trimester abortions. These physicians, all colleagues of Dr. Tiller, sacrifice their safety and personal lives in the name of their fierce, unwavering conviction to help women. Richard Feynman was a scientific genius with - in his words - a "limited intelligence". This dichotomy is just one of the characteristics that made him a fascinating subject. The Pleasure of Finding Things Out exposes us to many more of these intriguing attributes by featuring an extensive conversation with the acclaimed Nobel Prize winner.  During the course of the interview, which was conducted in 1981, Feynman uses the undeniable power of the personal to convey otherwise challenging scientific theories. His colorful and lucid stories make abstract concepts tangible, and his warm presence is sure to inspire interest and awe from even the most reluctant student of science. His insights are profound, but his delivery is anything but dry and ostentatious. For decades, American touring ice shows dominated family entertainment with their dazzling production and variety acts. This documentary honors them through interviews and archival footage, and depicts one skater's quest to keep this history alive. A woman searches for her adult son, who was taken away from her decades ago when she was forced to live in a convent. Gonzalo and Gina live in a world of their own, a magnificent villa on an immense estate, near Mexico City. Walls with barbed wire keep the outside world far away. Their son, filmmaker Diego Gutierrez, tells their story. Parts of a Family is a portrait of how a relationship between two people can change after many years from great love to a strangling imprisonment. It is a bittersweet and universal love story. Boog, a domesticated 900lb. Grizzly bear finds himself stranded in the woods 3 days before Open Season. Forced to rely on Elliot, a fast-talking mule deer, the two form an unlikely friendship and must quickly rally other forest animals if they are to form a rag-tag army against the hunters. Garry Fraser was born into a family of poverty, violence and alcohol addiction on Edinburgh's notorious Muirhouse estate, the same place that inspired the world-acclaimed film, Trainspotting. In this documentary, filmmaker Garry Fraser takes us to the heart of the poor, marginalized community he grew up in. Garry faces up to the damage done by his life of crime, violence and drugs as he works to ensure that his three children have something he never had: a loving, supportive family. Garry found his path out of addiction through poetry and film-making.  The Passage of Time is a very personal look into the perspectives of real individuals in regard to the subject of growing older. The subjects who participated in these conversations range in age from 12 to 101. Differences in family, social relationships and upbringing are addressed in the beginning of the film. Later both the positive and negative aspects of aging are addressed. The subjects express their fears as well as the joys that can be experienced in old age. 'Play like the music doesn't matter.' The unbelievable true story of the band that gained massive east coast popularity in the late 1980s despite having a complete lack of musical talent and ambition. A powerful PR machine built their fame, and soon their primary objective was to invent new and creative ways to get kicked off stage without actually playing. Narrated by 'Alice Cooper', Skum ROCKS!, is a genre-bending film described by some as a true-life 'This is Spinal Tap', and by others as an independent 'Rock of Ages'. 'Skum Rocks!' chronicles the rise, fall, and return of this infamous band, giving new life to the tale of 'The Emperor's New Clothes'. Running for Jim chronicles the story of Jim Tracy, the most decorated high school cross-country coach in California history, and his battle with fatal Lou Gehrig's disease (ALS). Tracy's 2010 girls cross-country team and captain Holland Reynolds, age 16, bring his story to international attention when Holland collapses in the state championship race and crawls across the finish line to secure the title for her team and her ailing coach. First-time filmmakers Dan Noyes and Robin Hauser Reynolds present this film about grit, determination, and the tenacity of the human spirit. Ten strangers are invited as weekend guests to a remote mountain mansion.When the host doesn't show up, the guests start dying, one by one, in uniquely macabre Agatha Christie-style.It is based on Christie's best-selling novel with 100 million sales to date, making it the world's best-selling mystery ever, and one of the most-printed books of all time. A management professor, about to turn 60, takes the plunge - a year in which Chris becomes Christa. Documentary Inspired by real events, The Last Executioner is the story of Chavoret Jaruboon, the last person in Thailand whose job it was to execute by gun. A rock musician who adored Elvis, but took a 'respectable' job to support the family he loved devotedly, and then constantly tried to reconcile the good and bad karma that came from this decision. Documentary about a NGO in Egypt. David Callaway tries to piece together his life in the wake of his wife's suicide and has been left to raise his nine-year-old daughter, Emily on his own. David is at first amused to discover that Emily has created an imaginary friend named 'Charlie', but it isn't long before 'Charlie' develops a sinister and violent side, and as David struggles with his daughter's growing emotional problems, he comes to the frightening realisation that 'Charlie' isn't just a figment of Emily's imagination. Anne Braden: Southern Patriot is a first person documentary about the extraordinary life of this American civil rights leader. Braden was hailed by Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. in his 1963 Letter from Birmingham Jail as a white southerner whose rejection of her segregationist upbringing was eloquent and prophetic. Ostracized as a red in the 1950s, she fought for an inclusive movement community and mentored three generations of social justice advocates. Braden's story explores not only the dangers of racism and political repression but also the power of a woman's life spent in commitment to social justice. Challenging all notions of genre, Semi Colin is a living, breathing art installation. Part performance, part art, part social comment, Colin philosophizes on his life's obsessive work as an erotic artist. A Blitz mother confronts a home truth. John Mikl Thor was a bodybuilding, steel bending, brick smashing rock star in the 70's &amp; 80's whose band, Thor, never quite made it big. Years later he attempts a comeback that nearly kills him. Errol Flynn, the swashbuckling Hollywood star and notorious ladies man, flouted convention all his life, but never more brazenly than in his last years when, swimming in vodka and unwilling to face his mortality, he undertook a liaison with an aspiring actress, Beverly Aadland. The two had a high-flying affair that spanned the globe and was enabled by the girl's fame-obsessed mother, Florence. It all came crashing to an end in October 1959, when events forced the relationship into the open, sparking an avalanche of publicity castigating Beverly and her mother - which only fed Florence's need to stay in the spotlight. 'Running from Crazy' is a documentary examining the personal journey of model and actress Mariel Hemingway, the granddaughter of Ernest Hemingway, as she strives for a greater understanding of her family history of suicide and mental illness. The perfect body as an object of cult worship. Based on the mass sports and body worship movement of the 1920s, the film propagates physical training and shows in stylized documentary scenes aspects of physical hygiene, gymnastics, sports and dancing as well as scenes in which supposed sportsmen of antiquity pose naked. A ruthless German spy, trying to get out of Britain with vital information about D-Day, must spend time with a young woman and her crippled husband.  An intimate portrait of recently retired Congressman Barney Frank, one of our most well-known and least understood political figures, this documentary alternates between deeply personal moments and the inner workings of our political process. Rare archival material and interviews reveal the emotional pain and harmful effects of a closeted life, the relief of coming out and the triumph of love through the Congressman's historic same-sex marriage. Frank's journey is our country's journey, a classic American story about a dedicated public servant who never loses hope. Follows the journey of a 90-year-old atheist and the quirky characters that inhabit his off-the-map desert town. He finds himself at the precipice of life, thrust into a journey of self-exploration. Europe 1815. War rages across the continent.  Fallen Soldiers tells the story of a British soldier trapped behind enemy lines. A young noblewoman's coach is hijacked and her husband murdered by a desperate British soldier. At gunpoint, the soldier spins her an outlandish tale of plagues, conspiracies, and dead men returning from the grave. The film tracks legendary swimmer Diana Nyad's lifetime vision and four harrowing attempts to swim non-stop from Cuba to Florida. An abusive past collides with an obsessive present over a dangerous 60-hour feat never before accomplished. WHOISJW? is a documentary about a very talented and successful young entrepreneur from Holland: Jeroen Wijering. He is the creator of the JW Player', an open source videoplayer which is used on millions (!) of websites throughout the world. Many prestigious websites like Disney, Harvard, IMDB, Intel, NASA en The White House use his JW Player. Even YouTube ran on the JW Player in the first 18 months of their existence.  This documentary is all about entrepreneurship. Jeroen started programming as a student in 2005 and is now co-owner of a company in New York which is worth millions of dollars. He is a role model for students worldwide! In this documentary we are trying to uncover the secrets behind the success of one of Hollands most viewed and yet least-known export products.  Jeroen Wijerings parents, colleagues, university teachers and business contacts answer the question Who is Jeroen Wijering? and give their personal views on the unprecedented success of the JW Player. We are always told that love lasts forever like in children's fairy tales, but the reality is that people change and relationships expire. William Kamkwamba builds a windmill from scrap to rescue his family from famine, transforming his life and launching him onto the world stage. His success leads to new opportunities and complex choices, distancing him from the life he once knew. A murderer finds himself on trial in Hell, caught between a bitter prosecutor and an inexperienced defence attorney. The trial spins out of control when a powerful demon, Lucifer and people from the killer's past become involved. 'Smiling Through the Apocalypse' chronicles a man whose editorial instincts produced one of the greatest magazines ever: Harold Hayes, the swinging editor and cultural provocateur of the iconic Esquire Magazine of the Sixties. Through the narrative of his son Tom, a journey ensues opening unprecedented access to some of the Esquire magazine's most compelling talents, from Nora Ephron to George Lois, and Tom Wolfe to Gore Vidal. The film is a story of risk, triumph, and challenge told by the people that helped make the magazine great, and a son who only come to understand his father's editorial greatness 23 years after his passing. From his office in Barcelona, where he usually writes, Juan Marse speaks of his famous novels, movies that were made from them, their relations with the American classic film and its influence on his narrative. Poor voice actors have a project that they have to finish dubbing in just one day. However, they are cramped in a tiny glass booth and tired of being treated like dirt by those above them. Unexpectedly, their story turns into one of heroes who adventure to space. Our Time Is Now is a coming-of-age documentary following six rural New Mexican teenagers as they strive to finish high school, wrestle with personal challenges, and pursue their dreams. 'Nona Beamer: A Legacy of Aloha' is a feature length documentary about a remarkable Hawaiian woman, who was descended from a long line of traditional Hawaiian musicians and dancers, and ran headlong into the missionary influences still extant in the Twentieth Century. This film portrait of Aunty Nona is created by some of the many people whose lives were influenced by her. Through stories, songs, and hula, from her students, friends and colleagues, a picture emerges of an amazing woman shaped by a turbulent time in Hawaiian history, who also played a role in shaping that history. The film appeals both to those who don't know of Aunty Nona, and those who know her well. An inspiring feature documentary and love story, about the overnight sensation, actor and international sex symbol, Andy Whitfield, who put the same determination and dedication that he brought to his lead role in "Spartacus" into fighting life-threatening cancer. Nearly half a century ago, Carmen Ignarra arrived to Mexico after leaving behind her Cuban homeland, in the hopes of becoming the greatest Caribbean actress in Hollywood. But the American dream tur- ned out to be more difficult than she'd thought, and her brief initial success was followed by a slow, painful decline. Today, at 80, the woman who was once Cuba's most beautiful actress lives totally forgotten in an old mansion in Monterrey. There she survives thanks to her tenants--strange men who she is constantly blaming for mysterious thefts and disappearances. Laura, a young woman also from the Caribbean, arrives at the mansion to work as an assistant in cleaning and housekeeping. With her she brings a video camera and the secret intention of making a documentary about the diva. Together they talk about the past, about wasted talent and lost loves. A chronicle of James Brown's rise from extreme poverty to become one of the most influential musicians in history. In 1993 New York City, dysfunctional co-dependent sisters discover that the mother they thought had died when they were young is alive and starring on a popular daytime soap opera. Eccentric British painter J.M.W. Turner  lives his last 25 years with gusto and secretly becomes involved with a seaside landlady, while his faithful housekeeper bears an unrequited love for him. The wife of a pastor who preaches against homosexuality embarks on an affair with a female writer. Under the direction of founder and world-renowned DJ Peanut Butter Wolf, Stones Throw Records has consistently released critically acclaimed, left-of-center albums since its founding in 1996. Drawing on live concert footage, never-before-seen archival material, inner-circle home video and photographs and in-depth interviews with the folks who put Stones Throw on the map, this documentary will delve deeper into the label's enigmatic artists, history, culture and global following. This is a documentary film chronicling the brutal Honour Killing of Banaz Mahmod, a young British Kurdish woman in London, killed by her own family for choosing a life for herself. The film begins with his capture by Philippine and US forces under Frederick Funston's command in 1901, then flashes back to 1886, when an old woman gives Aguinaldo and his childhood friend Candido Tirona cryptic prophecies. Ten years later, Aguinaldo is inducted into the Katipunan and later assumes leadership of its Cavite chapter while becoming mayor of Cavite El Viejo. When the trouble breaks out in Manila in late August 1896, Aguinaldo tries to assure the Spanish provincial government of non-interference and covertly marshals his forces despite a lack of weapons. Learning that the Spanish mostly put their forces in Manila, Aguinaldo finally mobilizes his troops and take the command of the Katipunan forces in Cavite The true story of one boy's journey as a victim of Nazi oppression. While exposed to some of the most horrific events of the Holocaust, Misa was able to endure the atrocities of genocide through his love of art and music. Luiz Gonzaga decides to change his destiny and leaves his childhood home for the big city to overcome a romance. When he arrives, he meets a woman he falls in love with, the Odaleia (Nanda Costa). After the birth of his son and his wife's health complications, he decides to return to the road to ensure a better future for his son. He has a friend in Rio de Janeiro and with him leaves the little one and heads to Brazil.  He didn't imagine that this distance between them would develop into a complicated relationship, enhanced by the strong personalities of both. Based on conversations between father and son, this is the story of Luiz Gonzaga, a singer and accordion player known as Rei do Baiao or Gonzagao. A portrait of photographer Tim Hetherington's work in war zones around the world. In Between Songs follows an Australian Aboriginal family's struggle to survive. Djalu Gurruwiwi, Yolngu elder, and his sister, Dhanggal, strive to restore eroding tradition. While shepherding their Galpu clan through economic, environmental, and social pressures, they search desperately for new custodians to safeguard their priceless musical legacy. Emmy award winner and Oscar nominated actor/activist James Cromwell narrates this stirring feature documentary. In the winter of 2011, after a controversial election, Vladimir Putin was reinstalled as president of Russia. In response, hundreds of thousands of citizens rose up all over the country to challenge the legitimacy of Putin's rule. Among them were a group of young, radical-feminist punk rockers, better known as Pussy Riot. Wearing colored balaclavas, tights, and summer dresses, they entered Moscow's most venerated cathedral and dared to sing "Mother Mary, Banish Putin!" Now they have become victims of a "show" trial. Harold Camping sounded the alarm. May 21, 2011 was to be Judgment Day, God's intervention into our worldly affairs. The end is coming right now! Or, perhaps a little later. Apocalypse Later traces the roots of end times predictions from the Book of Daniel to the historical Jesus and lastly to Paul, the greatest of the Apostles. Brash boxer Cassius Clay burst into the American consciousness in the early 1960s, just ahead of the Civil Rights movement. His transformation into the spiritually enlightened heavyweight champion Muhammad Ali is legendary, but this religious awakening also led to a bitter legal battle with the U.S. government after he refused to serve in the Vietnam War. This film reveals the perfect storm of race, religion and politics that shaped one of the most recognizable figures in sports history. "The Dreamlife of David L." is a fictional feature film that takes inspiration from a key point in the life of director David Lynch: the time he spent as a student in a fine arts college. Initially attracted to painting, David Lynch ends up choosing the medium of film to express his talent.  Far from being an attempt at biography, this film is an imaginary vision where the action could take place today. Which encounters or events leave their mark on the young David L. during this year as a student?  "The Dreamlife of David L." is a dreamlike journey that leads the viewer through the meanderings of this art school. There's no need to be familiar with the cinematographic works of Lynch to follow the young David L. step by step, going behind the scenes with him. In a tiny Alabama town with the curious name of Muscle Shoals, something miraculous sprang from the mud of the Tennessee River. A group of unassuming, yet incredibly talented, locals came together and spawned some of the greatest music of all time: "Mustang Sally," "I Never Loved a Man," "Wild Horses," and many more. During the most incendiary periods of racial hostility, white folks and black folks came together to create music that would last for generations and gave birth to the incomparable "Muscle Shoals sound." A young Spanish director is fired from his job in television. Taking up his dream of making films, traveling to India to "find" his first feature to discover his real quest is not in India but in Madrid. However, on his return home, things do not go exactly as he had hoped ... Recorded over several years with very limited budget, the film asks, as a "film-daily", daily situations of the filmmaker's life, recorded during that time and narrated in the first person. In postwar Hong Kong, legendary Wing Chun grandmaster Ip Man is reluctantly called into action once more, when what begin as simple challenges from rival kung fu styles soon draw him into the dark and dangerous underworld of the Triads. Now, to defend life and honor, he has no choice but to fight one last time... Danish filmmaker is there with his camera when Kidd, an ordinary kid, changes from one day to the next into the sensation of the year with his catchy rap songs. Even the Prime Minister wants his autograph. Gripping documentary about rap, fame and riches - and their price. Canyoneering is the sport of descending canyons by means of hiking, climbing, rappelling and swimming. Relatively obscure, the sport was brought to the mainstream in 2003 with the news of Aron Ralston who had severed his own arm while trapped in a canyon. Experiencing an overnight spike in popularity by the late 90s - a result of information appearing on the internet - the sport became inundated with thrill-seekers of all backgrounds and skill levels. Facing a new era of off-the-couch recreationalists, three influential participants, a canyoneering instructor, pioneer, and guidebook author each respond to a growing interest in the incredibly dangerous activity. Gorging employs the story of canyoneering to examine larger questions about the pursuit of thrills and the consequences that follow. The Crash Reel tells the story of a sport and the risks that athletes face in reaching the pinnacle of their profession. This is Kevin Pearce's story, a celebrated snowboarder who sustained a brain injury in a trick gone wrong and who now aims, against all the odds, to get back on the snow. It has three different stories about heartbreak and happy endings. Filmmaker Byron Q. takes an unflinching look into the life Vanna "Lazy" Fut, a former member of the Tiny Raskal Gang, who went from gangbanger to inspirational mentor for the next generation. "Children of the Light" tells the life story of Desmond Tutu of South Africa. With extensive archival footage, family photos and never before seen interviews, this film shares the legacy of one of the greatest peacemakers of our time. The story of Freda Kelly, a shy Liverpudlian teenager asked to work for a young local band hoping to make it big: The Beatles. Their loyal secretary from beginning to end, Freda tells her tales for the first time in 50 years. Filmmaker Peter Brosnan digs up the set of the 1923 film 'The Ten Commandments', long buried in the sands of California's Central Coast. The many references in contemporary film to Edward Hopper's works, as well as the widespread reproduction of some of his paintings have made his universe familiar to many.  His unclassifiable figurations weave a dialogue between appearances and light, between the unmistakeable and enigma.  Focusing on the artist's personal life in the context of 20th century America, "Edward Hopper and the Blank Canvas" bears witness to a fiercely independent painter, who was aware of the issues of his era, and who was hostile to the imprisonment that a modern American art opposing realism and abstraction could lead him to.  This film brings the artist to life, transposing his realist and metaphysical poetry. It is a subtile and passionate work, which at last unveils one of the most important painters of American modernity. The Rosenwald Schools by Aviva Kempner is a documentary about how Chicago philanthropist Julius Rosenwald, the son of an immigrant peddler who rose to head Sears, partnered with Booker T. Washington to build 5,400 Southern schools in African American communities in the early 1900s during the Jim Crow era. Linor Abargil, an Israeli beauty queen, was raped two months before being crowned Miss World in 1998. Ten years later, she's ready to talk about it - and to encourage others to speak out. The story of the American music dynasty, the Carters and Cashes, and their decades-long influence on popular music. Icons of '60s counterculture, Harvard psychologists Timothy Leary and Ram Dass became estranged until an illness inspired their fascinating reunion. Five college friends choose to spend their vacation debauching at the riverside. They find the perfect place to camp out, but end up crossing paths with twin brothers, Simon and Stanley. The twins then begins to knock off the campers in some extremely creative (and extremely gruesome) ways. Told with humor and suspense, and shot in a gritty verite style reflecting its unvarnished South Bronx milieu, Crotty's Kids follows five Eagle Academy debaters as they evolve from content-light amateurs to critical thinking heavyweights. But debate is only an ongoing McGuffin to the heart of the story: young men in search of an intellectual father figure. Coach Crotty arrives in their lives with the clock running out. In two years, the young men of Eagle are likely to become grist for a staggering statistic: 50% of urban males never graduate high school. Everyone deserves a chance to follow their dreams, but some people only get one shot. Tyler Gage is a rebel from the wrong side of Baltimore's tracks and the only thing that stands between him and an unfulfilled life are his dreams of one day making it out of there. Nora is a privileged ballet dancer attending Baltimore's ultra-elite Maryland School of the Arts You find yourself turning 30 without being initiated into the mysteries of love. What happened? LOVE ALIEN is a filmmaker's radical, subjective look at his life's problem. Accompanied by his camera, he explores the unknown world of lovers. On this journey he encounters relationship counselors, wardrobe consultants, partygoers, Valentine's Day shoppers, a neighbor's cat, his own family - and women. A filmmaker's cinematic attempt to find his first girlfriend. A story of love and life among the landed English gentry during the Georgian era. Mr. Bennet is a gentleman living in Hertfordshire with his overbearing wife and five daughters, but if he dies their house will be inherited by a distant cousin whom they have never met, so the family's future happiness and security is dependent on the daughters making good marriages. Pre-YouTube shot-on-video VHS analog chaos! In 1991, while Grunge Rock & Twin Peaks made the Pacific NW hip, Kelly Hughes did his best to make it trashy. Artistically ruined by an early exposure to the films of John Waters, Hughes churned out a sleazy body of work on his weekly suspense anthology Heart Attack Theatre on Seattle's public access TV. Features clips & actor interviews. The Other Way is an upcoming documentary film project by Aniket Dasgupta and Swathy Sethumadhavan. The film intends to showcase the Indian independent filmmaker and tell his story.  In the glitz and the glamour of a Bollywood dominated industry that India has today, we want to tell the story of a parallel filmmaking community whose aim is not to create cliched blockbusters, but to tell a meaningful and thought provoking story through the medium of cinema. These film makers are known as the 'independents' (or the indies) and work out of a studio system.The  the documentary has a pan Indian perspective. A look at the extraordinary world of Penthouse founder, visionary and provocateur Bob Guccione. 1. (Dead But Dreaming) 2. For Her Light 3. At The Gates Of Silent Memory 4. (Paradise Regained) 5. Blue Water 6. Sumerland 7. Submission 8. Chord Of Souls 9. Last Exit For The Lost 10. The Watchman 11. Psychonaut "The Ensemble of Rules" is a media project that takes the form of 1) a full-length 60 minute documentary film for theatrical exhibition, 2) a series of six physical installations, and 3) a dissertation entitled "Celebrate Citizenship, Celebrate America: A revision of the form N-400 The Application for Naturalization". The overall media research attempts to investigate and respond to the content of the audiovisual guide for naturalization produced by USCIS entitled "The USCIS Naturalization Interview and Test". Simultaneously the research aims to open new interpretations of this immigration processes by including interviews with displaced individuals. The documentary includes conversations with Alma Jimenez, a naturalized US citizen originally from Mexico City, Rafael Madou-Madou, a Congolese refugee living in Buffalo, NY, and fragments of a documentary piece about Maria "La Gata" de Buenos Aires, a tango singer and immigrant from Buenos Aires, Argentina. In the late 70s , during the military dictatorship , the film traces the beginnings of the musical group Los Prisioneros from the perspective of their drummer Miguel Tapia. Fernando, and his friend Ana should know better than to try to make his exgirlfriend jealous. Jayson Blair is the most infamous serial plagiarist of our time. He unleashed the massive scandal that rocked the New York Times and the entire world of journalism. Yves Montmayeur takes Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon as the starting point for his study of the new female warrior in Asian pop culture. From Beijing to Tokyo and Taiwan, he went to meet with the most iconic muses of this new trend, including Michelle Yeoh, Zhang Ziyi, Shu Qi, and Asami. This remastered, rare, local production from the 80s is an unfiltered look into the mind and heart of the world-renowned folk artist Howard Finster. Walking and talking in his Paradise Garden, Finster gives insight into his visions, Faith, and artwork. He even sings and plays the banjo.  Dr. George Pullen interviews Finster. And in this case, the word "interview" means that Dr. Pullen just lets Finster talk. And it's pure gold. Documentary about veteran character actor Dick Miller, whose career in and outside of Hollywood has spanned almost 200 films across six decades, featuring a diverse range of interviews with directors, co-stars, and contemporaries. The unlikely story of 106-year old Chinese American artist Tyrus Wong, and how he overcame poverty and racism in America to become a celebrated modernist painter, Hollywood sketch artist, and "Disney Legend" for his groundbreaking work on the classic animated film, Bambi. Fleeing from the Russian secret police, a young Estonian fencer is forced to return to his homeland, where he becomes a physical education teacher at a local school. The past however catches up and puts him in front of a difficult choice.  <<Destroy your ego>> states writing on a wall left by a friend who died in tragic circumstances.  The sentence triggers a thought process in the author's mind, Cosimo Terlizzi, leading him  to delve deep into himself.  His thoughts are registered as in a spontaneous diary made of a couple's life, voyeurism,  constant geographical changes, multi media betrayals and book readings.  The collected traces take him to discover the lights and shadows of his personality. What  emerges is man's dual nature, divided between instinct and morality. After her husband, Carl, suddenly leaves, Joline travels from New York to Texas to track him down. Although Joline tries to remain upbeat, she is discouraged when she discovers that Carl already has a new girlfriend, the lovely Carmen. Familiarizing herself with Carl's new home and friends, Joline gets company in the form of her brother, Jay. Will Joline win Carl back, or are there other romantic possibilities on her horizon? Chronicles the odyssey of a gay musician in Nazi Germany. Director Klaus Stanjek's cheerful Uncle Willi lived with his family, except when he was touring as a musician across Germany. Only when Willi turned 90 did his nephew Klaus Stanjek detect what his whole family had hidden: that Uncle Willi has spent eight years in Nazi camps and that he was gay. In a radical personal approach, veteran filmmaker Stanjek follows the complex turns that his family takes when they confront his Uncle Willi's secret. The result is a personal and political portrait of his beloved uncle, a talented singer and accordion player, that is one part historical inquiry and one part fascinating detective story. He was a postal clerk. She was a librarian. With their modest means, the couple managed to build one of the most important contemporary art collections in history. Meet Herb and Dorothy Vogel, whose shared passion and disciplines and defied stereotypes and redefined what it means to be an art collector. A feature film about Benjamin Britten, released as part of the 100 year celebrations of his birth. Britten is the most performed British composer worldwide. This film premiered at Gresham's School, which he attended, and focuses on how his life-long pacifism influenced his life and music. Written and directed by Tony Britten (In Love With Alama Cogan), narrated by John Hurt and with a superb cast of young people, including many supporting roles taken by students of Gresham's School, the film weaves dramatisation with a documentary narrative. After amusements working in a restaurant, Charlie uses his lunch break to go roller skating. A commercial. Four men sit in animated conversation in front of a billboard for Admiral Cigarettes. The billboard fills the entire background After fleeing from oppression of the Kurdish people in Iraq, making their escape through Afghanistan and Pakistan, the Malakandi family landed safely in Seattle, Washington and settled into life in the United States. But an unexpected encounter with another immigrant sends the family's lives into a tailspin, bringing the full weight of post-9/11 America down upon them. Feature length documentary examining the troubled life and tragic death of college football standout and talented NFL running back Lawrence Phillips, whose scars of childhood abuse and abandonment haunted him throughout his career. An aspiring rock star finally gets his big break in the music industry after having neglected everyone he loves and is now trying to make up for lost time, but will he be too late? If you ever find yourself traveling down Interstate 49 through Missouri, try not to blink--you may miss Rich Hill, population 1,396. Rich Hill is easy to overlook, but its inhabitants are as woven into the fabric of America as those living in any small town in the country. This movie intimately chronicles the turbulent lives of three boys living in said Midwestern town and the fragile family bonds that sustain them. When the eccentric cast of a mid-90s Public Access show in Detroit reunite after 20 years to make a new episode, they are forced to take a hard look at their lives and reconcile their teenage dreams with the realities of adulthood. Award-winning glamor photographer ScottChurch has made a twenty-year career photographing some of the world's most beautiful models. But when he decides to replace women with drag performers, his unsuspecting Pennsylvania hometown is given an unforgettable lesson in the gender bending art form. Call me Salma is a documentary film about love and loss. Set in the crowded back alleys of Dhaka, Bangladesh, the film follows Salma as she enters the mysterious and rich world of transsexuality. Salma, a 15-year old Hijra, left her village and family to enter the effervescent city life in search of a clear identity, love and above all, a sense of acceptance. Emotionally torn between her youth and her desire of being a woman, Salma will be faced with events that will force her, as well as the audience, to question any preconceived notions of gender, sexuality, family and love. The Traces of Light (Persian: rd py nwr) is a 1996 Iranian drama film written and directed by Hossein Shahabi (Persian: Hsyn shhby) A divorced father picks up his eight-year-old daughter Lea. It seems pretty much like every second weekend, but after a while Lea can't help feeling that something isn't right. So begins a fateful journey. More than 50 years ago, deaf Scotsman James Duthie cycled from his fishing village to the Arctic cycle. Together with deaf actor / filmmaker Samuel Dore, Matt Hulse set out on the long journey through northern Europe to adapt this story into his first feature film. Hulse mixes fictional and documentary elements into a virtuoso blend: unusual people in fictional Super 8-films, playful animated sequences and archive footage of the era in the countries traversed. Each year, 60,000 people from around the globe gather in a dusty windswept Nevada desert to build a temporary city, collaborating on large-scale art and partying for a week before burning a giant effigy in a ritual frenzy. Spark takes a peek behind the curtain with Burning Man organizers and participants, revealing a year of unprecedented challenges and growth. Revered sushi chef Jiro Ono strives for perfection in his work, while his eldest son, Yoshikazu, has trouble living up to his father's legacy. A collective, cinematic love letter to the elusive French filmmaker, Chris Marker; Emiko Omori's film captures the persona of the legendary and enigmatic filmmaker. What would you do if your inside did not match your outside? A documentary about the life and work of transgender youth advocate Tony Ferraiolo. In 1986 Michael Morton's wife Christine is brutally murdered in front of their only child, and Michael is convicted of the crime. Locked away in Texas prisons for a quarter century, he has years to ponder questions of justice and innocence, truth and fate. Though he is virtually invisible to society, a team of dedicated attorneys spends years fighting for the right to test DNA evidence found at the murder scene. Their discoveries ultimately reveal that the price of a wrongful conviction goes well beyond one man's loss of freedom. Where God Likes to Be focuses on three young protagonists full of hope and promise - Andi Running Wolf, Edward Tailfeathers, and Douglas Fitzgerald - following them over the course of a summer that marks a turning point in all of their lives. Each grapples with whether to leave, pursuing opportunities far from home, or stay behind with friends and family potentially struggling with limited opportunity and marginalization. A picture emerges of the reservation as a cherished home that nurtures identity. 14-year-old Laura Dekker sets out on a two-year voyage in pursuit of her dream to become the youngest person ever to sail around the world alone. An intimate portrait of Matthew Shepard, the gay young man murdered in one of the most notorious hate crimes in U.S. history. Framed through a personal lens, it's the story of loss, love, and courage in the face of unspeakable tragedy. While visiting his hometown during Christmas, a man comes face-to-face with his old high school crush whom he was best friends with - a woman whose rejection of him turned him into a ferocious womanizer. In 1962, a U.S. soldier sent to guard the peace in South Korea deserted his unit, walked across the most heavily fortified area on earth and defected to the Cold War enemy, the communist state of North Korea. He became a star of the North Korean propaganda machine, but then disappeared from the face of the earth. Now, after 45 years, the story of James Dresnok, the last American defector in North Korea, is being told for the first time. Crossing the Line follows Dresnok as he recalls his childhood, desertion, and life in the DPRK. A WWII pilot, bombardier, and radioman find themselves adrift on a lifeboat without food or water after being forced to ditch their plane during a scouting mission. A hot-blooded student union leader falls for a state-level cricketer but his anger management issues and violent streak threatens to derail their love story . Comedian D.L. Hughley riffs on politics, "Black Panther," his upbringing and more in a rapid-fire stand-up show at Philadelphia's Merriam Theater. Progeria is an extremely rare and fatal disease, exemplified by accelerated aging in the children who are afflicted by it. There is no treatment. There is no cure. Enter Doctors Leslie Gordon and Scott Berns. When their son, Sam, was diagnosed with progeria at age two, the prognosis was grim--the couple were simply told to enjoy the few years they had left with their only son--but they weren't willing to give up that easily. They spearheaded a campaign to save Sam and the other children in the world who share this devastating illness. In a little more than a decade, their extraordinary advances have led not only to identifying the gene that causes progeria and testing the first experimental drug to treat it but also to the amazing discovery that it is linked to the aging process in all of us. The Oyler House: Richard Neutra's Desert Retreat explores how Neutra came to befriend a modest, small-town family, and how his design of the home was inspired by the site's stunning desert setting.  In the heart of Sicily, where the Mafia still rules, one man and his family-run TV station, has become the lone voice against corruption and organized crime. Robinson, appropriately named as we will soon discover, is on vacation in Biarritz with his wife. What follows is the story behind the loss of his arm, a story that becomes increasingly bizarre and eventually apocalyptic, leading us down a narrative path of labyrinthine complexity. The resulting film is an extraordinary feat of imagination and daring, set against the backdrop of a world on the verge of destruction. Boy meets girl. Matias meets Violeta, his cousin ("prima") one morning in Madrid at the Plaza de Opera. He is twenty-five. She is 18. He's a divorced journalist trying to write a thriller. She studies violin. She's a vegetarian. He loves meat. Many things separate them, but he moves into her apartment. Travel to Scotland's far northern highlands and explore the life and remarkable influence of Megan Boyd, fishing fly-maker extraordinaire. Self-taught in this enigmatic, artful craft, Boyd became an internationally renowned artisan and supplier to, among others, Prince Charles. Interviews, animations and images of the stunning Scottish countryside define Eric Steel's lyrical tale of solitary celebrity and the joy of making your mark, even when it was the last thing you planned to do. Set in 1879 Paris. An orphan girl dreams of becoming a ballerina and flees her rural Brittany for Paris, where she passes for someone else and accedes to the position of pupil at the Grand Opera house. An old hot rodder; his woman and the muscle car that comes between them - a 1968 Mustang; the demon ride of his wild youth; that against all odds he plans to restore and race as a tribute to the legendary Carroll Shelby. Kate and her brutish boyfriend Big Al sell handguns on the streets of New York. She's smart, stylish, and self-confident, but all that leaves her when Al, in a jealous and self-indulgent rage, beats her. Three friends encourage her recovery: Vic, a woman who would like to be Kate's lover; Reilly, who runs with Al but also is attracted to Kate and repulsed by Al's violence; and, Liz, the counselor assigned to Kate from a battered-women's program. Vic and Reilly talk about killing Al, Liz gives pep talks; Kate remains frightened. Will Al's menace and Kate's dependency hold sway? An atypical family portrait, directed by 34-year old Stephanie Argerich, the daughter of pianists Martha Argerich and Stephen Kovacevich. The filmmaker follows her mother in particular, during concerts and in moments of greater intimacy, searching for answers that might shed light on the private spaces of a family that has always lived in the limelight of the international stage, where gaiety and madness rub shoulders with an absolute and overwhelming passion: music. Filmed during their last international tour, acclaimed indie band The Album Leaf travels across Asia in a final attempt to gain traction in the changing landscape of music distribution. BEYOND THERE features stunning live performances and a rarely seen, intimate glimpse at the anti-rockstar side of a band on the precipice of change. Gentle and broken, a homeless man fights others on video for money but soon finds comfort in an unlikely friend and the lost diary of a young girl. Documentary / Foreign - Avi Mograbi's family has lived between the 3 countries of Lebanon, Palestine and Israel for generations and witnessed the strife since the founding of the State of Israel. Mograbi researches the Arab side of his family, seeking a new approach to life in the Middle East. The story of my Vietnamese father who was able to build up a new life in a small Austrian village, but there is still an open chapter in the past: the search for the man who once helped him and who he never could thank for that. The world of a young housewife is turned upside down when she has an affair with a free-spirited blouse salesman. Documentary following four artists working behind the scenes as a part of the world's fastest growing film industry. Not a Still Life is a portrait of Steve Stone, an older gay, Jewish man who shares the naked truth of the struggles, joys and sorrows of his unconventional life. Steve opens his heart as he tells of childhood ridicule in the 50's, coming out and living openly gay during the decades of the 60s to the 80s- a period rife with homophobia- finding true love, dealing with tragedy and loss, loneliness and aging. His gradual evolution includes embracing sobriety, connecting with a long lost relative and discovering his spirituality only to find that he is in danger of losing his home and business. His entertaining reflections stimulate argument and offer us a refreshing appreciation of life, love and living. A journey in sound through the unusual life and career of jazz legend Charles Lloyd. Lloyd's own voice, and those who worked with him over the last five decades help us discover and better understand this enigmatic man and his spiritual pursuit through music. Two stories running in parallel: In one, a model is surrounded by men wanting to use and abuse her though, without realizing it, she is protected by a strange tramp guardian angel. In the other, a blind goldsmith struggles to produce his latest commission in the midst of his alcoholism and depression. Both then descend further and further into their own personal hells until they finally re-find peace with themselves and then their stories briefly merge. A film depicting the life and times of an armenian revolutionary and military strategist - Garegin Nzhdeh.  "An idyllic summer day turns into a living nightmare ...  With school finally over, college graduate Natalie Wilner returns to her hometown to celebrate the Fourth of July weekend. But beneath the flags and fireworks lurks a dark, malevolent figure. After a night of drunken parties, she stumbles home and drifts off to sleep, only to be woken moments later by a loud knock on the door.  Experience one night of terror, through Natalie's eyes as she fights to escape a relentless, knife-wielding maniac ..."  Antonio Gracia Jose (1942-2011), known as "Pierrot," was a prominent member of the Barcelona art scene, a pioneer in the filmmaking of underground short films and Fantaterror movies, writer and playwright, magazine editor, movie poster painter, cartoonist and cabaret showman. Through several entangled stories, province atmosphere is shown, in which new ideas are hard to penetrate. Parallel with the seventh anniversary of peasant's cooperative farm, activity of a priest, who wants to restore the iconostasis, is followed. Local photographer intrigues - in small town in which the villagers want to become football champions. A person's culture is something that is often described as fixed or defined and rooted in a particular region, nation, or state. Stuart Hall, one of the most preeminent intellectuals on the Left in Britain, updates this definition as he eloquently theorizes that cultural identity is fluid--always morphing and stretching toward possibility but also constantly experiencing nostalgia for a past that can never be revisited When Casey, a dancer who is discovered on YouTube, gets thrust into the modern world of internet celebrity and culture, she must find a way to balance her true identity with her online persona, or risk losing everything she cares about. What is rock &amp; roll success? How is it measured? The story of Drivin N Cryin, a band that has enjoyed a loyal following for nearly 30 years in the southeast, but remains unknown to the rest of the world, is examined for clues and answers. Kyle and Jen, estranged siblings, travel from New York City to rural Pennsylvania to pack up the home of their recently deceased mother. While there, they make a discovery that turns their world upside-down.  A Picture of You is a serious movie about life that gets sideswiped in the supermarket parking lot by a funny movie about death. It's a story about family, loss, secrets, letting go, and starting anew. "The Phantom Tollbooth: Beyond Expectations" is a documentary that playfully explores the creation, creators, lasting impact and enduring relevance of one of the most universally beloved children's books of our time. Through interviews, animation and archival materials, the documentary traces the friendship between author Norton Juster and Pulitzer Prize-winning artist Jules Feiffer, and the wit and wisdom of the novel over half a century. Independent Toronto musicians attempt to carve out a space for themselves in Canada's music industry. The gritty, kinetic, visionary cinema of Roland Klick is ripe for rediscovery. After shooting with international stars, such as Mario Adorf and Dennis Hopper, Klick celebrated international success and achieved cult status. Yet after making only six features, he disappeared from the scene in a rather mysterious way. The story of an uncompromising film maniac. Storyline about a young visioner from Indonesia: Rudy Habibie, before he would known as technocrat and 3rd president of Indonesia: BJ Habibie. GOLD - YOU CAN DO MORE THAN YOU THINK is the emotional story about three outstanding top Athletes. Henry Wanyoike, a blind Marathon runner from Kenya, Kirsten Bruhn, paralyzed Swimmer from Germany and Kurt Fearnley, Australian Wheelchair racer. A corollary to Price's written piece "Sports," Folk Music and Documentary takes on questions of political speech and political image in a time when terms like "globalization" or even "politics" itself are so emptied out as to be meaningless in everyday usage. The 1990s were years of newfound engagement and activism among the young, if we are to believe the international press and its invocation of a new class of anarchist, "anti-globalization" youth. Price gives voice and image to this cliche in what is at once a screen-test, an audition, and a proposition with no clear intent or message. Gamer Age is the most comprehensive study to date on the world of video games. Exploring the evolution of gaming, as well as the immeasurable impact it's had on mainstream popular culture. It surveys the history of video games from arcades to mobile phones, examining the legacy and future of the medium. We shot hundreds of hours of footage chronicling everything from massive fighting game tournaments in Las Vegas, to Wii sporting events held at the local retirement home. An extreme love for video games has become quite the global phenomenon. They are influencing and inspiring people in ways that go well beyond just sitting there and actually playing them. We are now a society made up of button mashers and home brew tinkerers. The nephew of Tenzing Norgay, Nawang Gombu was the youngest Sherpa climber on the 1953 Everest expedition carrying supplies above 25000 feet. He went on to become the first man in the world to summit Mt. Everest twice. He stood on the highest point on the planet with Jim Whittaker on the American expedition in 1963 and again on the first successful Indian expedition in 1965. But 'firsts' are only a small part of what makes this man's story extraordinary. A deeply spiritual man all his life, he helped his family and others achieve what had been so hard for him to accomplish. Standing on the shoulders of his famous uncle, he helped lift the status of Sherpas to that of world-class climbers. On his 25th birthday, following the death of his brother, Max and his best friend Peter wander the wintry streets of Manhattan, contemplating life, livelihood, and what it means to be adult.  A successful young man must return to his childhood small town in Texas to help his father. His father, who's ill, wants him to take over the family business, a dilapidated bar. Secretly the young man wants to burn down the bar because he blames it for the death of his own mother and the illness of his father. Documentary on the work of a Japanese artist and his hopes of creating a wind powered community. An unauthorized biography. Leon Hendrix, brother to Jimi opens up in an exclusive interview first looking at the family issues then at the private Jimi and the professional musician. In addition first hand footage of the Rainbow Bridge performance.  This is the inspirational and contemporary story of pop star Lady Gaga. From a one-on-one interview hosted by Paris Hilton, special appearances from celebrities including Beyonce, Justin Timberlake and Madonna, to riveting performances including hit singles Born This Way and Bad Romance, get to know the real Gaga through unbelievable stories from those who know her and follow her every move. In 2001, Lenny Cooke was the most hyped high school basketball player in the country, ranked above future greats LeBron James, Amar'e Stoudemire and Carmelo Anthony. A decade later, Lenny has never played a minute in the NBA. In this quintessentially American documentary, filmmaking brothers Joshua and Benny Safdie track the unfulfilled destiny of a man for whom superstardom was only just out of reach. Wild Records is an indie label reminiscent of the early days of Sun Records. The label is based in LA and run by Reb Kennedy aka Mr. Wild Records and is comprised of young Latin musicians who write and perform 50s Rock n Roll.  In a small Turkish town, two young tuberculous poets try to survive while publishing their poems. As they both fall in love, their life would never be the same. MUNICH IN INDIA tells about the German painter Fritz-Munich. As the Nazis seized power in Germany he was traveling through colonial India between 1932 and 1937, and became the only German court painter of the Maharajas. Konstantin Fritz, the artist's grandson, searches for clues of his grandfather's paintings and of his fairytale adventures. Accompanied by Fritz-Munich's unique historical 16mm film shoots and diaries, the grandson follows the former travels of his grandfather through India today. MUNICH IN INDIA is the story of an unknown but nevertheless extraordinary artist. It tells about his adventures, about German and Indian history and simultaneously gets an insight into contemporary India. Growing up can be a bumpy road, and it's no exception for Riley, who is uprooted from her Midwest life when her father starts a new job in San Francisco. Riley's guiding emotions-- Joy, Fear, Anger, Disgust and Sadness--live in Headquarters, the control centre inside Riley's mind, where they help advise her through everyday life and tries to keep things positive, but the emotions conflict on how best to navigate a new city, house and school. The stories of four strong individuals of the LGBT community in the diverse city of Berlin that follow their path despite of all the obstacles. Produced in High Definition, with rare archive footage. Queen Elizabeth II has reigned for 60 years as the Queen of Great Britain and the Commonwealth. The Queen, who has witnessed incredible social, political and cultural changes in her reign, has retained the purpose and dignity of the British Monarchy. From the death of her father King George VI, to the marriage of Prince William and Kate Middleton, this is the true story of how the young Princess became a great Queen. Margaret Thatcher - The Iron Lady is the first major documentary to look back on the development and impact of this remarkable woman, whom commentators of both the political left and right agree changed the face of 20th Century politics forever. Featuring many excerpts from her powerful speeches and insightful contributions from her political supporters and detractors, a portrait emerges of a woman whose strength of conviction eventually becomes the weakness of intransigence. And as British society threatens to break apart with street rioting, the grandees of her own party are beginning to sharpen their knives to remove the greatest female leader in world history... This program includes intimate footage of the Thatchers at home in Number 10, and unseen footage from her emotional and first major interview after her resignation as Prime Minister with Michael Brunson in 1992. A look back at the 1000 days of the John F. Kennedy presidency. As artists and visual architects, husband and wife Massimo and Lella Vignelli have been producing unique and groundbreaking work as brand designers. This up-close documentary reveals their major influence in reshaping our visual environment. Documents the lives of a group of bike messengers over a nearly three-year span. This film was made by couriers, about couriers, for a wide general audience. In order to rescue his father's ramshackle grill restaurant, filmmaker and vegetarian Dario Aguirre is traveling back to his homeland Ecuador. What starts out as a strange debate about opening times, chips and Excel spread sheets, develops into a moving family drama. A personal retrospective with superstar choreographer Vincent Paterson. Three hours outside of Addis Ababa, a bright 14-year-old girl is on her way home from school when men on horses swoop in and kidnap her. The brave Hirut grabs a rifle and tries to escape, but ends up shooting her would-be husband. In her village the practice of abduction into marriage is common and one of Ethiopia's oldest traditions.  Meaza Ashenafi, an empowered and tenacious young lawyer, arrives from the city to represent Hirut and argue that she acted in self defense. Meaza boldly embarks on a collision course between enforcing civil authority and abiding by customary law, risking the ongoing work of her women's legal aid practice to save Hirut's life. A silent film directed by  Sidney Olcott Two stories about the greatest seducer of all time, Giacomo Casanova. Dora, a girl who has spent most of her life exploring the jungle with her parents, now must navigate her most dangerous adventure yet: high school. Always the explorer, Dora quickly finds herself leading Boots (her best friend, a monkey), Diego, and a rag tag group of teens on an adventure to save her parents and solve the impossible mystery behind a lost Inca civilization. Mark, a hitman haunted by his past as a corrupt Miami cop and the death of his wife and son,  prepares for his next killing. Gradually he becomes fascinated by the beautiful prostitute who lives in the next apartment and they embark on a passionate affair. Their dreams of a life together are complicated by her pimp being a drugs baron; before they can escape he must die, but things are never that simple... Documents the efforts of Russian gay rights activists to organise a pride parade in Moscow Salvador Mallo, a filmmaker in the twilight of his career, remembers his life: his mother, his lovers, the actors he worked with. The sixties in a small village in Valencia, the eighties in Madrid, the present, when he feels an immeasurable emptiness, facing his mortality, the incapability of continuing filming, the impossibility of separating creation from his own life. The need of narrating his past can be his salvation.  A rogue police detective in search of his parents' killer is murdered and reborn the ultimate killer. On November 10th, Robbie Elliott and Phil Gray cycled across the Tyne Bridge in Newcastle (UK) and into St. James' Park to complete an epic 3500 mile journey in only 25 days. It saw them visit every club that SIR BOBBY ROBSON managed throughout his career. This feature film follows the duo's journey across Europe and tells the story of Sir Bobby Robson's life. A lonely woman sends off for a special mail-order package. Bayou Maharajah explores the life and music of New Orleans piano legend James Booker, the man Dr. John described as "the best black, gay, one-eyed junkie piano genius New Orleans has ever produced." A brilliant pianist, his eccentricities and showmanship belied a life of struggle, prejudice, and isolation. Illustrated with never-before-seen concert footage, rare personal photos and exclusive interviews, the film paints a portrait of this overlooked genius. Bruno and Mirella get married in 1989 and live in the little town of Piombino seems to be a bed of roses. After a while Bruno gets the sack, while Brunella takes up with a local tv idol, Gerry Fumo. When she realizes that Bruno can't stand being on the dole, she repents and wants to leave Gerry. It is too late: Bruno has found out everything and asks her to leave. After a while they take up another time, but they soon realize that their love story has ended. Mirella goes back to her parents' house and begins to work in a kindergarten, while Bruno finds a job at the local beach. The two begin to exchange a tender correspondence. A documentary chronicling the life and career of Australian cinematographer Donald McAlpine. In a small town near a winter resort in the mountains of Argentina, Juana tries to commit suicide but ends up in a coma instead, to the great pain of her daughter Marta. Her other daughter Mercedes comes from Buenos Aires but is less interested in her mother's condition than in possibly getting some of her money. Marta's husband has a great offer for a piece of land owned by his mother-in-law, but can't do anything while she is in a coma. Marta's son wants to travel to Europe but has no money for the airfare, and his sister wants to finally have an orgasm so that she can become less tense and increase her chances of winning a local beauty contest which she hopes will be a springboard for a modeling career in Buenos Aires. In 19th Century New England, the lives of a diverse group of people collide through interweaving stories of despair, identity, faith, hope and trust. Echo of the Mountain takes a look at the life and work of Santos de la Torre, a great Huichol artist who, like his people, lives in oblivion. Despite having made a great mural for the metro station Palais Royal - Musee du Louvre, Santos lives isolated and ignored in his country. This documentary follows his pilgrimage to Wirikuta, where he asks gods for permission to make a new mural; his journey across 385 miles of the Peyote Route, and Santos's creative process during the making of a new mural which aims to illustrate the history, mythology and religious traditions of the Huichol people. In the summer of 1969, Bernard, a Gaspesian fisherman's son, arrive in Perce to fin work. He meets Paul, Jacques and Francis, Quebec Independence activists who have come to open the 'Fisherman's House'. They aim to organize public conferences and offer lodgings to young travelers. A motley crowd of Quebecers from all over the province soon flocks to Perce: artists, hippies, rockers, hitchhikers and the like shake local authorities. Bernard is won over by the trio's ideas and gets increasingly involved in their project. The following year, the will join the Front de liberation du Quebec (FLQ) and play a pivotal role in the Summer Crisis 1969. A documentary about the artist Desiderio, directed by Andrea Rotini. With the partecipation of Alessandro Riva, Chiara Canali, Francesco Santaniello.  Texts and translations by Gemma Jalenti Documentary about a Persian amateur western filmmaker and the making of his latest film. Christina Noble overcomes the harsh difficulties of her childhood in Ireland to discover her destiny on the streets of Saigon. A true story. Filmmaker Masha Savitz zeroes in on the efforts of the Nobel Prize nominee David Matas (human rights lawyer and Nazi hunter), who wrote the book 'Bloody Harvest: The Killing of Falun Gong.' Featuring interviews with Matas, David Kilgour, victims of the Falun Gong persecution and several doctors who share chilling transplant testimonies, as well as a filmmaker whose film on the topic was effectively quashed by the CCP in Canada, Europe, and the US, Red Reign makes a stunning case. An international story of tangled politics and economics intentionally suppressed by the Chinese, Red Reign shows how a large scale persecution of a minority people can still happen in our modern day society.  Follow the second responders and vineyard workers dealing with the aftermath of wildfires that ravaged Northern California's wine country in October 2017, long after the media has turned away. Their stories shed light on the immigration, labor, and housing issues that have been building in Napa and Sonoma for years. Sri Siddhartha Gautama is a Sinhala movie released on 24 January, 2013. The movie is directed by Saman Weeraman and featured Anchal Singh and Gagan Malik as lead characters. A chronicle of an eccentric Italian-American family in New York City in the 1950's and 60's.  Young Teresa dreams of joing the convent, over the objections of her family. Lucid Dreaming forces the dreamer's dreamworld to merge with his waking one. But at what cost to the dreamer's grasp on reality? Dreams are doorways, but what are they really for? And, if you feel you must know, beware the TRICKSTER. Inspired by real events and spanning three eras of German history, film tells the story of Kurt, a young art student who falls in love with fellow student, Ellie. Ellie's father, Professor Seeband, a famous doctor, is dismayed at his daughter's choice of boyfriend, and vows to destroy the relationship. What neither of them knows is that their lives are already connected through a terrible crime Seeband committed decades ago. Since she was three months old, Yasmeen has been living with a foster family. Seventeen years have passed by and unbreakable bonds of love have formed between her and her parents and siblings. When Yasmeen is about to be adopted and officially recognised as a member of the family, a woman starts hassling her, claiming to be her mother. The assassination of Pancho Villa, on the outskirts of Parral, Chihuahua, plunged the city into mourning, and a wake for the revolutionary hero was held by his closest collaborators. Conspicuous among the mourners were the four women with whom Villa was having intimate relationships at the time of his death. Now that Villa is no longer around to mediate and keep them apart, tensions between the women grow and intensify, with unexpected consequences. An intimate and human portrait of the Centaur of the North.  Fred Lyon: Living Through the Lens is an intimate expose of San Francisco photographer Fred Lyon, who is still going strong after seven decades behind the camera. Though Lyon is one of America's leading advertising, interior design, architectural, food, wine, and travel photographers, he is best known for his mood-soaked street photography of San Francisco in the '40s and '50s. This film takes the viewer inside the world of Lyon, exploring his immense archive of San Francisco images (taken over the past 70 years), the film also goes into what it takes to make a living from photography, revealing the story of this prolific, innovative artist. When Howard Brookner lost his life to AIDS in 1989, the 35-year-old director had completed two feature documentaries and was in post-production on his narrative debut, Bloodhounds of Broadway. Twenty-five years later, his nephew, Aaron, sets out on a quest to find the lost negative of Burroughs: The Movie, his uncle's critically-acclaimed portrait of legendary author William S. Burroughs. When Aaron uncovers Howard's extensive archive in Burroughs' bunker, it not only revives the film for a new generation, but also opens a vibrant window on New York City's creative culture from the 1970s and '80s, and inspires a wide-ranging exploration of his beloved uncle's legacy. Led by inspirational teacher and intuitive counselor Ronna Prince, this heart journey will take you to the depths and the heavens, to the past and into the future with hope and deep understanding of how we are in the midst of creating the biggest shift of consciousness of all times in the PRESENT: Heart-based living. Tony Benn (87), the longest serving Labour MP in history, looks back over his life and career. "God Is Not Working On Sunday!" follows the life of Godelieve and Florida. Despite their divided histories, these women are struggling for a common goal: Breaking the silence, reconciliation, and political empowerment for women. We follow Godelieve and Florida organizing self-empowerment trainings for women to confront patriarchal structures; to the rural area, where the new generation of children born out of rape are redefining their identities, facing a life shoulder to shoulder with the murderers of their families, their fathers. And where more and more women decide to break the silence and speak out. Well-educated, New Hampshire mother, Linda Bishop, was determined to stay free of the mental health system after her early release from a 3 year commitment to New Hampshire State Hospital. Instead, she became a prisoner of her own mind, a fate which she documents in one of the most evocative and chilling accounts of mental illness and of our systemic failure to protect those suffering from it. At a time when most females in Asia possess little or no power over their lives, headstrong Kurmanjan Datka defies her family's authority -- and ultimately becomes the ruler of her native Kyrgyzstan region. Go behind the scenes of the infamous duo MC Randumb &amp; Jewish Dave for the most controversial rapumentary ever made. A look at America's lust for violence and fame. "Playing hide-and-seek": this is what the title means in Urdu. It's a metaphor for the difficult, dangerous and painful condition of many homosexual people in Pakistan, who are often victims of abuse from childhood. The film presents the experiences, the interior conflicts, the rights they are denied, the distress and, above all, the impossibility of loving in a country deeply influenced by Islam. Jenny is a transgender university student, who has recently been castrated. Kami is a cross dresser, a practice adopted by both transvestites and homosexual people who want to be accepted. Kami decides to live together with her macho boyfriend, Waseem, challenging strict taboos. Finally, the story of Neeli, who has had an important role in the recent decision by the Supreme Court to legalize the "third gender" (but not homosexuality). This is an expose documentary that is also full of music and dance sequences. A love story about the legendary sexploitation director Joe Sarno and his loyal wife and business partner Peggy. The film relates their part in the history of sex film, their lives between New York and Sweden, and their struggle to produce one last erotic film. Based upon the true story of Olga Benario, the German-born wife of Brazilian communist leader Luis Carlos Prestes. During the dictatorship of Getulio Vargas (1930-1945) she was arrested and sent to Nazi Germany, where she was put to death in a concentration camp. After World War II began, Vargas decided to uphold the Allies. Japanese photographer Izima Kaoru asks his subjects one question: How do you want to die? By following the artist on a journey to create new work, we find that the answers to this question are revealed in the fears and joys of both artist and model. A hunter stalks a killer elephant. Based in part on the memories, unsent letters and notebooks of a young photographer who lived in Berlin-Tempelhof. Aspects of her life are mapped out within this small area of Berlin through a succession of haunted images and sounds that imbue place with a sense of memory and history. "I Am Steve McQueen" tells the incredible life story of this legendary actor, racer, and cultural icon. Extensive interviews, movie clips, archival footage and sound bites chronicle his extraordinary career while focusing on the correlation between his on-screen and off-screen experiences. Narrated by Robert Downey Jr. The life and times of famed Paraguayan musician Agustin Pio Barrios, from the years of his youth to his international success. Alexander and Roxane meet children then lose sight for several years. Teenagers they meet, never to leave but because of the family they will be separated for three months and forced to write letters as they live in the same street just 9 numbers away ... Their love is stronger than all, will remain patient and will continue to grow. Alleging facts. This film is directed by and starring two protagonists. Alexandre Laugier & Roxane Martine. That love wins. Are you ready for this adventure with them? You look at your wife or husband then the same way ... ? Peter Parker and his friends go on a summer trip to Europe. However, they will hardly be able to rest - Peter will have to agree to help Nick Fury uncover the mystery of creatures that cause natural disasters and destruction throughout the continent. A young refugee of the Sudanese Civil War who wins a lottery for relocation to the United States with three other lost boys. Encountering the modern world for the first time, they develop an unlikely friendship with a brash American woman assigned to help them, but the young man struggles to adjust to this new life and his feelings of guilt about the brother he left behind. Malachi Martin; an Irish priest who dedicated his life to battling an ancient evil. Malachi Martin; exorcist. Using first-hand interviews, dramatic reconstruction, archival evidence and Martin's own words, this documentary will follow Father Martin's incredible crusade from the 1970s through to his death in 1999. So. Does the Devil exist? This documentary follows painter and musician Lyn Foulkes from age 70 to 77 as he labors to complete two astonishing tableaux that demonstrate his outsider's perspective and eye for evocative imagery. As his reworking of one piece stretches into its second decade, we watch Foulkes' righteous contempt for the establishment erode, replaced by a yearning for the recognition he's due. In November 2009, French security van driver Toni Musulin makes off with nearly 12 million euros, then turns himself over to the authorities a week later. Victor Perez was a Jewish boxer who became world flyweight champion in 1931 and 1932, but was transported to Auschwitz concentration camp when Paris fell to the Nazi s in 1943. While there he was forced into slave labour and made to participate in violent boxing matches for the amusement of the Nazi guards. Surviving Auschwitz tells Victors astonishing, harrowing, brutal and incredibly moving true story. Award-winning director Yoav Shamir (Defamation, Checkpoint) sets out on an entertaining and insightful international quest, exploring the notion of heroism through a multi-faceted lens. From ordinary heroes to freedom fighters, primates to humans, behavioral scientists to geneticists, even Ayn Rand to Raelians, Shamir leaves no stone unturned, and along the way unveils the fundamental truths of human nature. A fifteen-year-old child and his dog Spirale travel with a group of travelers. Winter approaches and life for the group and in the fields becomes more difficult. Either you adapt or have to leave. Director John Dullaghan's biographical documentary about infamous poet Charles Bukowski, Bukowski: Born Into This, is as much a touching portrait of the author as it is an expose of his sordid lifestyle.  Interspersed between ample vintage footage of Bukowski's poetry readings are interviews with the poet's fans including such legendary figures such as Lawrence Ferlinghetti, Joyce Fante (wife of John), Bono, and Harry Dean Stanton.  Filmed in grainy black and white by Bukowski's friend, Taylor Hackford, due to lack of funding, the old films edited into this movie paint Bukowski's life of boozing and brawling romantically, securing Bukowski's legendary status. Linking several genres in a surprising and successful way, Yang Lin's fiction feature debut is an Asian ghost story in which documentary scenes show how incongruous today's reality can look in China. Protagonist Fang Lei lives in material wealth and only has to care for her daughter. One night, a young mysterious lover appears and makes passionate love to her. YouTube may have begun as a website for videos of cats and funny babies, but it is now home to vloggers: video diarists who have conjured a massive audience and wild financial success by filming themselves, their thoughts and their daily lives. Vlogumentary pulls the curtain back on this new media revolution by following some of the top vloggers in the business, examining how they work, what they have to say and why their fans prefer videos of real life over traditional entertainment. Featuring Shay Carl, Swoozie, Grace Helbig, Charles Trippy and Gaby Dunn, Mikey Murphy. Silvio Rodriguez learned to play guitar secretly during his military service. After 45 years of career, he's still in full musical activity and maintains his commitment to culture through their studio, Ojala, and initiatives such as "La gira por los barrios", in which Silvio, barely advertised, performs in the most disadvantaged neighborhoods of Havana. Bambi's tale unfolds from season to season as the young prince of the forest learns about life, love, and friends. In a country town in the state of Minas Gerais, Brazil, Januaria is going to marry the shy and naive Amorim. But in her heart she wants to escape with her dream hero, the cowboy Roy Pereira, and start a new life in Texas. Two A.I. Scientists agree that a Technological Singularity is coming... and that the super-intelligent machines that they are building will lead us there. However, they disagree on whether humans will survive the coming revolution. Over the past twenty-five years, director Michael Haneke has established himself as a towering figure in modern cinema whose rigorous focus on the craft of filmmaking has produced works of profound artistry. This career-spanning documentary gives unprecedented access and covers the body of Haneke's work, offering insight into his creative process through on-set footage and interviews with the man himself and collaborators including Emmanuelle Riva, Isabelle Huppert and Juliette Binoche. A ticking-clock thriller following Winston Churchill in the 24 hours before D-Day. A writer named Algernon (but called Harry by his friends) buys a picture of a boat on a lake, and his obsession with it renders normal life impossible. Eufrosina Cruz Mendoza is from Santa Maria Quiegolani, an indigenous community located in Oaxaca, Mexico. After she was denied the right of becoming president of her community, just because she was a woman, Eufrosina began a struggle to achieve gender equality in indigenous communities, questioning the uses and traditions and defying the zone's chiefs. Los Angeles Police Department detective Russell Poole has spent years trying to solve his biggest case -- the murders of The Notorious B.I.G. and Tupac Shakur -- but after two decades, the investigation remains open. Jack Jackson, a reporter desperate to save his reputation and career, is determined to find out why. In search of the truth, the two team up and unravel a growing web of institutional corruption and lies. After marrying a successful Parisian writer known commonly as Willy, Sidonie-Gabrielle Colette is transplanted from her childhood home in rural France to the intellectual and artistic splendor of Paris. Soon after, Willy convinces Colette to ghostwrite for him. She pens a semi-autobiographical novel about a witty and brazen country girl named Claudine, sparking a bestseller and a cultural sensation. After its success, Colette and Willy become the talk of Paris and their adventures inspire additional Claudine novels. 'Project Censored: The Movie' explores media censorship in our society by exposing important stories that corporate media fails to report/under report. Using the media watchdog group, Project Censored, as their road map, two fathers from California decided to make a documentary film that will help to end the reign of Junk Food News that Corporate Media continues to feed the American people. A film about Finnish artist Kalervo Palsa who was completely neglected by his peers and time While on a hunting trip, two friends witness a gangland style execution by Mr. Caine, a diamond smuggler. Garret and Paulie then become the hunted. Paulie is killed and Garret vows to avenge his friend's death. A naked, blood-soaked man throws a corpse into a dimly lit basement. The cadaver lands against another body. Natan tells the remarkable story of Bernard Natan, a Romanian immigrant who came to Paris in 1905 and was involved almost immediately with French cinema. He took control of the Pathe film group in the late 1920s and went on to produce epic films such as Les Miserables. But Natan has become largely written out of French film history for various different reasons. I will not go into details here as the story is an excellent one, suffice to say that his ethnicity and subsequent rumours plagued Natan almost from the start of his career. His 'comeuppance' for his alleged transgressions is at the heart of this devastating documentary. Dreams and reality fuse in the life of a painter, Raul, who after suffering a fall that almost kills him, decides to reestablish his relationship with a daughter he hasn't seen in ten years. A portriat of the daily lives of Beatriz and Gilberto, a couple that has been together for over 40 years. A reflection about love and marriage. An intimate glimpse into the lives of two people who struggle to live in harmony. Legends of the Knight weaves together the stirring true stories of individuals who have overcome devastating obstacles, unselfishly given to the community, and embraced their inner superhero because of their love of Batman. Through the deeply personal tales of Batman fans, writers, and filmmakers, this feature-length documentary explores the power of heroic stories and encourages viewers to find their own unique path to heroism. Funded by over 1,100 people from around the world, Legends of the Knight is a return to our childhood dreams of being a hero. Put on your cape, and be inspired! In the spirit of the Surrealist parlor game of chance Exquisite Corpse, each filmmaker makes a documentary short film based on imagery forwarded on by the previous filmmaker in the chain. The composite story forms a global independent filmmaking experience. Fred Flarsky is a gifted and free-spirited journalist who has a knack for getting into trouble. Charlotte Field is one of the most influential women in the world -- a smart, sophisticated and accomplished politician. When Fred unexpectedly runs into Charlotte, he soon realizes that she was his former baby sitter and childhood crush. When Charlotte decides to make a run for the presidency, she impulsively hires Fred as her speechwriter -- much to the dismay of her trusted advisers. Selanne is a documentary about Teemu Selanne--the best Finnish ice hockey player of all time. It's directed by JP Siili, whose previous films include such hits as Harma and Ganes.  We've followed the heroic tales of Selanne for over two decades. His exploits are famous, but now we get to know Selanne the man. In this documentary Teemu lets the viewer get close and under his skin. The film follows Selanne's journey from childhood to the latest NHL season. We see the life story of an exceptional athlete inside and out, not only through Teemu's words, but through the views of his loved ones and colleagues. Selanne is charismatic, social, irritating, charming, happy and always late. Welcome to the life of Teemu Selanne! Brace yourself for this mind-blowing battle against one of nature?s most deadly phenomena! Daryl Hannah (Kill Bill Vols. 1 and 2) is a dedicated scientist who reluctantly agrees to fly with a reporter... read more read more... (Dylan Neal, Blood Ties) on a routine storm-seeking mission. But they soon find themselves at the mercy of nature at its most awesome and destructive when a low-level hurricane off the Florida coast unexpectedly turns into one of the most powerful storms in America?s history. As the violent winds buffet and batter the small aircraft, knocking out the pilot, it?s a race against time as the pair struggle to escape with their lives and warn everyone about the fast-moving danger. An examination of the infamous thirty-year-old cold case of Iowa paperboy Johnny Gosch, the first missing child to appear on a milk carton. The film focuses on Johnny's mother, Noreen Gosch, and her relentless quest to find the truth about what happened to her son. Along the way there have been mysterious sightings, bizarre revelations, and a confrontation with a person who claims to have helped abduct Johnny. Based on a short narrative by Jorge Luis Borges, La espera is the story of a hitman fleeing from his past who decides to go live in a boarding house to hide from his pursuers. This is Bielinsky's graduation short. 1967-1976. As one of history's greatest fashion designers entered a decade of freedom, neither came out of it in one piece. A look at the life of French designer Yves Saint Laurent from the beginning of his career in 1958 when he met his lover and business partner, Pierre Berge. An intimate portrait of Dennis Jernigan, the man behind some of the biggest Christian songs of all time and his lifelong struggle with homosexuality. The Life of Mahmoud Kain Flanagan; truck driver and film maker whose film "Ejareh Neshinha" was screened internationally The Vargas Brothers are the cornerstone of rock and roll music in Costa Rica and Central America. Not only is their music genuine and creative, but it is the only rock band that has survived over the years, with close to five decades on the scene. Along with the great variety of groups that have stepped on the stages and dance halls of Costa Rica, The Vargas Brothers have left an indelible mark, not only across several generations, but also on the popular music of Costa Rica. A film about the monster of Lapland, Mr. Lordi, who after winning the Eurovision Song Contest loses everything, almost everything. The First part of Olympia, a documentary about the 1936 Olympic games in Berlin by German Director Leni Riefenstahl. The film played in theaters in 1938 and again in 1952 after the fall of the Nazi Regime. Vivian Maier's photos were seemingly destined for obscurity, lost among the clutter of the countless objects she'd collected throughout her life. Instead these images have shaken the world of street photography and irrevocably changed the life of the man who brought them to the public eye. This film brings to life the interesting turns and travails of the improbable saga of John Maloof's discovery of Vivian Maier, unravelling this mysterious tale through her documentary films, photographs, odd collections and personal accounts from the people that knew her. What started as a blog to show her work quickly became a viral sensation in the photography world. Photos destined for the trash heap now line gallery exhibitions, a forthcoming book and this documentary film. When an uptight bilby escapes his sheltered life from his family burrow, he ventures out and finds himself launched on a musical adventure across the mystical Australian outback. In thirty three years Mourad has spent a lot of time in and out of hospitals. He is one metre forty nine tall, has only one eye, one leg shorter than the other and his hands and feet are deformed. Antoine is bald and over forty, he is grossly overweight, has psychological problems and a dysfunctional family background. Mourad and Antoine form one of the most bizarre drag queen duos that has ever performed on European stages. They are the fabulous BayBjane and Cybersissy, undisputed divas of nights in Ibiza. A human and artistic union, a mix of freak show, kitsch and clowning, cyber and s/m, provocation and irony, Lindsay Kemp and Leigh Bowery, Divine and Bette Davis. After seeing one of their shows in a club in Cologne, Tim Lienhard tells us what is hidden under the heavy makeup and the gaudy dresses of these unique characters. Their brilliant crazy creativity has helped them to overcome many problems in their two difficult lives. This documentary highlights the historical contexts that gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender individuals have occupied in cinema history, and shows the evolution of the entertainment industry's role in shaping perceptions of LGBT figures. The issues addressed include secrecy - which initially defined homosexuality - as well as the demonization of the homosexual community with the advent of AIDS, and finally the shift toward acceptance and positivity in the modern era. The rise and fall of the most distinguished Polish-Gypsy poetess Bronislawa Wajs, widely known as Papusza, and her relationship with her discoverer, writer Jerzy Ficowski. In 1980 the black Falashas in Ethiopia are recognised as genuine Jews and are secretly carried to Israel. The day before the transport the son of a Jewish mother dies. In his place and with his name (Schlomo) she takes a Christian 9-year-old boy. A documentary following the career ups and downs of television's Batman as his confidants fight to get him a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Inspired by the incredible events surrounding a treacherous attempt to reach the summit of the world's highest mountain, "Everest" documents the awe-inspiring journey of two different expeditions challenged beyond their limits by one of the fiercest snowstorms ever encountered by mankind. Their mettle tested by the harshest of elements found on the planet, the climbers will face nearly impossible obstacles as a lifelong obsession becomes a breathtaking struggle for survival. Set against the backdrop of San Francisco's Chinatown, this cross-cultural biopic chronicles Bruce Lee's emergence as a martial-arts superstar after his legendary secret showdown with fellow martial artist Wong Jack Man. It is a musical portrait that shines a spotlight on unknown aspects of the creative, visionary and groundbreaking talent of filmmaker and writer, Lina Wertmuller. A documentary about the practice of piercing and body modification in western cultures. Belarus has been under dictatorship of Lukashenko for 15 years. Miron (23) is not interested in politics. However, the next concert of his 'apolitical' rock band triggers off an anti-regime manifestation. Miron, is enlisted for the army for 15 months by way of punishment for 'fomenting political unrest among young people'. And this is just a beginning.. A film inspired by the story of Frank Viachorka, activist of the Belorussian opposition. Starring top Belorussian cinema and rock stars. Capital punishment is a subject that evokes passion from friends and foes alike. But, few consider the effect it has on those whose actual job is to terminate a life--the executioners themselves. Delving deeply into the spiritual, psychological, and philosophical dichotomies within and surrounding capital punishment, director Patty Dillon portrays an emotional journey inside execution through firsthand accounts. From a man of God to men trained to protect lives suddenly required to take them, paths intersect as they discover freedom from their own personal prisons. And, although we tend not to humanize executioners, these men reveal to us emotional conflicts and scars related to a job they never sought, but now accept. We not only glimpse inside prison walls, but also inside the heads of complex men who can't help but question the meaning of life in a way that few of us can even fathom. - Sandy Wolf Richard Wolstencroft directs this documentary about actor and independent filmmaker Michael Tierney, his transformation into porn actor Joe Blow, and his last days in the industry. It's the 1960's, and it's the kind of battle that would change the listening habits of America, catapulting FM radio into the spotlight. Pulling from Sun Tzu's 'Art of War,' two brilliant and fierce media barons slug it out over the airwaves: Richard Fairbanks, who owns a 50,000 watt radio behemoth, versus Don Burden, the young upstart broadcasting impresario who swaggers into town and launches the glitzy, promotion-oriented, though low-powered, WIFE-AM 1310. How was the war fought? What were the strategies? Who were the personalities both in the limelight and behind the scenes? And who, in the end, would win the Naptown Rock Radio Wars? Piero Tortolina has been a point of reference for a whole generation of film lovers. Pioneer of cinema-clubs and great film collector, he has been an invisible protagonist in the history of italian cinema. A research-based essay film, but also a very personal perspective on the history of socialist Yugoslavia, its dramatic end, and its recent transformation into a few democratic nation states. In the film "You Don't Need Feet to Dance," African immigrant Sidiki Conde, having lost the use of his legs to polio at fourteen, balances his career as a performing artist with the almost insurmountable obstacles of life in New York City, from his fifth-floor walk up apartment in the East village, down the stairs with his hands and navigating in his wheelchair through Manhattan onto buses and into the subway. Sidiki struggles to cope with his disability and to earn a decent living, but he still manages to teach workshops for disabled kids, busk on the street, rehearse with his musical group, bicycle with his hands, and prepare for a baby naming ceremony, where he plays djembe drums, sings, and dances on his hands. Alfredo S. Lim has just been awarded as one of Manila's ten most outstanding policemen. The celebration has abruptly ended when one of his co-honorees is killed while trying to stop a robbery. Lim tracks down these criminals which ruffles the feathers of powerful people. His work takes a personal toll on his marriage and also puts his family in danger. Imagine you've never held a weapon in your hands but are forced into admitting that you were involved in a terrorist attack. This is precisely what happened to a young Chechen named Zelim. One early morning, he was arrested in his mother's house and held for five days at the police station for a crime he never committed. Despite being subjected to the most brutal forms of torture, he maintained his innocence, much to the cops' dismay. Zelim denied any wrongdoing until he was near death, and finally he can tell his story to director Natalia Mikhaylova. She accompanies him as he wanders around Oslo recalling these painful memories. Filmed largely in Lowell and Lawrence over four years, Beyond the Wall is a raw and honest chronicle of one man's efforts to help former convicts stay on the straight and narrow, away from the needle that sent them spiraling into prison. Rafael Amargo is an artist who at the age of 35 feels his muses have abandoned him. Something many artists go through at some given moment. He feels a need to seek inspiration to rekindle the magic of the art fairy. This launches him on a journey that will take him to the source of such kind of inspiration, crossing seas, mountains and many roads until he arrives at the the refuge of the real protagonist of this film. His goal is to hand a letter from Lorca to the muse, Chavela Vargas.   Combining over twelve years of footage and narrated by their twin sons, TWO: The Story of Roman &amp; Nyro, follows legendary songwriter Desmond Child and his lifelong partner's loving journey to create their new modern family. Drawing Dead is a documentary film about the highs and lows of online poker from two very different perspectives: a professional poker player worth millions, and a gambling addict.  In 2004, Hope Ann Greggory became an American hero after winning the bronze medal for the women's gymnastics team. Today, she's still living in her small hometown, washed-up and embittered. Stuck in the past, Hope must reassess her life when a promising young gymnast threatens her local celebrity status. Regina er oskop venjulega 10 ara stelpa i Reykjavik en uppgotvar dag einn ad hun getur latid alls konar hluti gerast ef hun syngur um tha. Regina og Petur vinur hennar taka saman hondum og hrinda af stad aaetlun, sem vardar framtid theirra og foreldra theirra. Thegar hinn opruttni harkollusolumadur Ivar dukkar ovaent upp og flaekir aaetlanir barnanna, magnast spennan. Fyrr en varir eru bornin ordin adalhetjurnar i spennandi en jafnframt spaugilegu glaepamali. In 1959, a young journalist ventures to Havana, Cuba to meet his idol, the legendary Ernest Hemingway who helped him find his literary voice, while the Cuban Revolution comes to a boil around them. THE MOSUO SISTERS is a tale of two sisters caught in the whirlwind of China's breakneck modernization.  Juma and Latso, young women from one of the world's last remaining matriarchal societies, are thrust into the worldwide economic downturn when they lose their jobs in Beijing.  Left with few options, they return home to their remote village in the foothills of the Himalayas. But home is no longer what it was, as growing exposure to the modern world irreparably alters the provocative traditions of the Mosuo.  Determined to keep their family out of poverty, one sister sacrifices her dream of an education and stays home to farm, while the other leaves to try her luck in city--changes in fortune that test each sister in unexpected ways.  Ultimately, though,  it's the sisters' relationship with one another that hangs in the balance as they struggle to navigate the vast cultural and economic divides that define contemporary China. From the self-help industry to Alcoholics Anonymous and from Oprah Winfrey to the Word-Faith movement, the principles of this New Thought movement have been instrumental in transforming the lives of millions of people. Now get a closer look at how New Thought has had an impact in our world. Appearances by Wally "Famous" Amos, Della Reese, Deepak Chopra, Joe Vitale, and many more. On the day he was supposed to graduate from elementary school, a precocious boy runs away from home and goes with his best friend on a journey to his friend's faraway home. He encounters diverse, interesting people and discovers that "precocious" isn't what he had once believed.  When a car bomb explodes on the American side of the U.S./Mexico border, Mexican drug enforcement agent Miguel Vargas begins his investigation, along with American police captain Hank Quinlan. When Vargas begins to suspect that Quinlan and his shady partner, Menzies, are planting evidence to frame an innocent man, his investigations into their possible corruption quickly put himself and his new bride, Susie, in jeopardy. The discoveries and frustrations on accessing a memory of a father and of a time in the Brazilian history that are rarely public. The young filmmaker plunges into this unknown past of her almost unknown father. He, a Brazilian intellectual, imprisoned and tortured during the military dictatorship, is silent about this since that time. A father and a fatherland that does not like to answer any questions, that loves but rarely talks. In 2009, Iranian Canadian journalist Maziar Bahari was covering Iran's volatile elections for Newsweek. One of the few reporters living in the country with access to US media, he made an appearance on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart, in a taped interview with comedian Jason Jones. The interview was intended as satire, but if the Tehran authorities got the joke they didn't like it - and it would quickly came back to haunt Bahari when he was rousted from his family home and thrown into prison. Making his directorial debut, Jon Stewart tells the tale of Bahari's months-long imprisonment and interrogation in this powerful and affecting docudrama featuring a potent and performance by Gael Garcia Bernal recounting Bahari's efforts to maintain his hope and his sanity in the face of isolation and persecution-through memories of his family, recollections of the music he loves, and thoughts of his wife and unborn child. In Our Voices Are Mute, anonymous silhouettes move slowly through visually distorted landscapes, confronting symbolic images that challenge the viewer's idea of 'journeys'; what they are, and how they affect us. Dutch filmmaker Leo de Boer couldn't resist the temptation, so he invested a lot of money in the stock market and lost big. To make matters worse, the money actually belonged to his son Michael. Now Leo wants his money back, but should he keep investing or call it quits? In this introspective film, Leo de Boer seeks out the mechanisms underlying the temptation to gamble. And why is it that other people are getting rich this way, but he isn't?  When a legendary escape artist comes up for parole after 30 years behind bars, a chance for freedom must be weighed against his infamous past. I Always Said Yes is a portrait of pioneering filmmaker Wakefield Poole, whose careers as dancer, choreographer, and director spanned the golden years of Broadway, television, porno chic, and gay liberation. In 1971 the Knapp Commission, entrusted to expose corruption in the New York Police Department, faces a major problem. They have little physical evidence - their main source, Frank Serpico, won't wear a wire. They finally strike gold when a corrupt cop named William Phillips agrees to become their undercover agent, in exchange for immunity from a bribery charge. The evidence he eventually collects leads directly to the indictment of thirty New York cops. But the tables quickly turn when Phillips himself is convicted of a double-homicide. Three decades later and still in prison Phillips claims he's the victim of a massive police conspiracy. We are always told that love lasts forever like in children's fairy tales, but the reality is that people change and relationships expire. Seevalaperi Pandi is a 1994 Tamil drama film directed by Prathap K. Pothan. The film features Napoleon in lead role making his debut as hero. The film, produced by P. G. Srikanth, had musical score by Adithyan and was released on 23 June 1994. The film is based on the life of 'Seevalaperi' Pandi. A filmmaker's insight into the biggest gathering on earth -the Kumbh Mela. The short life and vast legacy of the legendary Polish wartime poet of the lost generation, Krzysztof Kamil Baczynski. An encounter with an unforgettable legend: Bette Bourne, reveals his varied life through a series of interviews, partly based on a theatre collaboration between Bourne and Ravenhill. This is a richly enjoyable exploration of the life of a born performer with some great archive footage and rare photographs. A highly successful career on the London stage was put on hold when Bette discovered gay liberation. But out of a gay drag commune in Notting Hill, Bette fashioned a glorious theatre troupe Bloolips, bringing together a unique blend of costume, camp and musical theatre leavened with sexual politics. The film offers an insight into a passionate and gifted actor who has made a great contribution to gay life, art and politics. For five men, the opportunity to share a penthouse in the city -- in which to carry on extramarital affairs -- is a dream come true, until the dead body of an unknown woman turns up. Realizing that her killer must be one of their group, the men are gripped by paranoia as each one suspects another. Friendships are tested, loyalties are questioned, and marriages crumble while fear and suspicion run rampant. The Keyboard Player is a portrait of Kristian Marius Andersen About a musical genius who broke free of his social heritage. A film about being different and a victim of bullying But also about finding a way out through music. Friends. Party. Death. As usual, friends get together in a rental house to celebrate new year's eve. Will Isa take advantage of this week in the county to finally get things started with Fred, her best friend? Will Kevin make a move on Gwendo, the goth girl? Will Marco, the amateur film maker and slasher fan, manage to convince his friends to play in his next short film? Things are running smoothly, until New Year's Eve, when one of them mysteriously disappears... A married couple take a year long road trip looking for answers after being shunned and run out of a small town in Minnesota. they seek advice and answers from pig farmers and rock stars and all walks in between. The meaning of life questioned and answered Live Without a Net is a live concert video of Van Halen recorded in New Haven, Connecticut in 1986, and released the following year. It was of their performance on August 27, 1986 at New Haven's Veterans Memorial Coliseum. The 90-minute release removed a few songs from the full performance. While the band attempted to record the previous night, audio problems prevented it from being used, although some video footage from that night would later surface in music videos. The concerts were part of the 5150 Tour, supporting the album of the same name, Van Halen's first with lead singer Sammy Hagar. Peter Parker and his friends go on a summer trip to Europe. However, they will hardly be able to rest - Peter will have to agree to help Nick Fury uncover the mystery of creatures that cause natural disasters and destruction throughout the continent. TAP OR DIE is the story of Derick Grant, an African American choreographer determined to revive tap dance or die trying. In an epic struggle to legitimize an art that peaked in the era of big bands, Grant is holding auditions to bring his hip, rousing show 'Imagine Tap' to Broadway. But a legacy of racism and the pitfalls of commerce are tripping him up. Will the show go on? Mentored by giants of the genre, Grant says tap has given him a voice: 'It's given people a reason to pay attention to me.' Indeed, this man's feet have something to say. With original music and performances by the world's best hoofers, Tap or Die makes clear why Broadway should throw down the wood. Philip Roth, arguably America's greatest living novelist, turns 80 on March 19. In 1959, his collection of short stories, Goodbye, Columbus, put him on the map, and 10 years later his hilarious, ribald best-seller, Portnoy's Complaint, gave rise to the first of many Roth-related controversies in which Judaism, sex, the role of women, and the parent-child relationship would take center stage. In candid interviews, the Pulitzer Prize-winner discusses his distinctly unliterary upbringing in Newark, NJ, his admiration for Saul Bellow and Bernard Malamud, and how Zuckerman may or may not be his alter-ego. Nathan Englander, Mia Farrow, Jonathan Franzen, and Martin Garbus are among those who talk about the man and his writing. Franzen in particular praises Roth for "how brave he must have been to have methodically offended everybody and to have exposed parts of himself no one had ever exposed before." A deliciously scandalous portrait of unsung Hollywood legend Scotty Bowers, whose bestselling memoir chronicled his decades spent as sexual procurer to the stars. Tomas is a boy so shy that is not capable of saying a word to nobody. With the arrival of Andy (his invisible friend) he'll start to think how his life would it be if he was able to communicate with the people that is around him. British documentary filmmaker Chloe Ruthven's grandparents were aid workers in Palestine. Growing up, she had avoided getting too involved in the subject, recalling how mention of the country made all the adults in her life angry. In her forties, after revisiting her grandmother's book on the subject, she starts to research a documentary on the effects of foreign aid in the area and is shocked at the continued reliance on it there. Along the way she meets Lubna, a Palestinian woman who acts as her driver and fixer, and who is fiercely critical of Western aid efforts in her country. What begins as a quest to better understand her family history turns into a deeply emotional account of two women trying to understand one another. Ruthven's determination to focus her film on deeply subjective analysis results in a unique joining of the acutely personal and complexly political. (Source: LFF programme)  Lily Yeh is a global artist who is fueled by a belief that art is a human right, and that artists can create a foundation for profound social change. Slight of frame, but large in spirit and vision, the 70-year-old artist was born in China, lives in Philadelphia, and now, as constant traveler, the world is her canvas. Our film explores two sides of Lily's life that are connected parts of the same journey: her international ventures helping to heal weakened spirits in communities around the world and a personal journey within, to repair her own fractured family. A group of U.S. soldiers returning from Iraq struggle to integrate back into family and civilian life, while living with the memory of a war that threatens to destroy them long after they've left the battlefield. Since the onset of the human race there have been those who instinctively understood the nature of reality and sought to impose their will upon it by co-operating with and honoring the forces that governed it. Although History has left a rich legacy of Magick, Magicians and Wizards with such names as Pythagoras, Paracelsus, John Dee, Cagliostro, Israel Regardi and Eliphas Levi, in the modern era there is only one whose name is still spoken with fearful reverence as the most powerful and influential magician who ever lived - Aleister Crowley. The last 7 hours of former President of Chile Salvador Allende, and his closest collaborators inside the Palace of La Moneda, during the brutal military coup d'etat on Sept. 11, 1973, the day democracy in Chile ended. Based on true events. A comedic look at the life of Steve Jobs. In the second half of the 19th century, Eadweard Muybridge, the father of motion pictures, embarks on an obsessive project to record on film "the motion of life" in all of its abundance. His epic quest is eclipsed only by the depth of his jealousy over his beautiful, young wife Flora. As the project progresses, his paranoia over her fidelity consumes him, until questions arise about his son's paternity, causing him to erupt.  No figure in recent sports history is as divisive as Jose Canseco. Millions of baseball fans remember him as the powerhouse slugger who earned one of the sports rare statistics: 40/40. But millions more remember him as the whistleblower whose admission to steroids juicing exposed a scandal that overshadowed his remarkable career and led to the Congressional hearings that cast a pall over America's greatest pastime, baseball. Now, Jose finally speaks out. What emerges is a nuanced portrait of a man driven by grief and a promise made. Only time will tell whether history remembers Jose Canseco as a legend, a whistleblower or a scapegoat. But this candid documentary will leave audiences convinced of one inescapable fact.  The Truth Hurts. Kowalski works for a car delivery service, and takes delivery of a 1970 Dodge Challenger to drive from Colorado to San Francisco. Shortly after pickup, he takes a bet to get the car there in less than 15 hours. Celebrated filmmaker and photographer Cheryl Dunn turns her lens on the pioneers and masters of New York street photography. Dunn profiles artists spanning six decades, including Bruce Davidson, Mary Ellen Mark, Jill Freedman, Jeff Mermelstein and Martha Cooper, revealing that these shooters are as colourful and unique as the subjects they've relentlessly documented. Everybody Street explores the passion that compelled Freedman to spend years riding in squad cars during the most violent years in the city; Bruce Gilden's drive to thrust his camera in people's faces to capture a moment; and Martha Cooper's dedication to chasing graffiti on passing subway cars in the Bronx. The film is a definitive look at the iconic visionaries of this often imitated art form. Embracing his belief that comedy is the last raw form of expression, Deon Cole explains the right time to thank Jesus and the wrong time to say "welp.". Orphans is the true story of a forbidden love affair set in the oppressive and violent atmosphere of nineteenth century Mexico. One man, Melchor Ocampo, driven by the twin passions of love and idealism, defies the stain of illegitimacy to shake off the crippling yoke of Spain and the Catholic Church. In so doing he becomes a founding figure of modern day Mexico. This is a concert film filmed on the 1996 "Welcome to the Freak Show" tour in support of their 1995 album "Jesus Freak." A spy thriller telling a historically based story of a man who alone dares to challenge Soviets being in the middle of the communistic system himself. Planning the maneuvers of Warsaw Pact forces he discovers that the American plans of nuclear counterattack against Soviet forces is planned to be executed on Polish territory. Thanks to his determination he starts a long, lonely and psychologically exhausting cooperation with CIA. From that moment the life of his and his family is in danger as one careless move can lead to tragedy. The art, as such, is a highly abstract concept as always depends on the sensations of people, feelings and ultimately evokes them whether they like it or not. But it is also an outlet for the artist, as it helps to abstract from their problems, to face their fears and find the solution to any problem you have and Salamandra workshop also is collected in this way different points of view through its members.  "Salamandras y salamandros" is a documentary based on the art and the way they see the artists the world around us. Led by Ramon Margareto, who won the Goya Award in 2011 for Best Short, now debuts on the big screen with this larger production that will certainly not indifferent to the viewers and that will make us to consider this new way of appreciating aesthetics. Khadija, an extraordinary wedding videographer and young divorced mother in Morocco, moves back and forth from her conflictual home life to the hopeful, fantasy world of the parties she films, taking us into a world where veils are lifted and no men allowed.  EYE ON THE SIXTIES is an intimate portrait of photographer Rowland Scherman, and the process of photojournalism. It is a valuable 'insider' piece of American History, documenting one man's recording of one of America's most transformational eras. In this unusual documentary, Scherman's candid recollections of the time combine with his famous photographs, offering rare glimpses of celebrities, politicians, and monumental events of the day. His memories and experiences offer a fresh viewpoint on the current state of photojournalism, and of technological change. The film also touched on the inevitable fate of the aging baby boomer, who captures with ease the immortality of others, while remaining mortal himself. The film follows three women on their search for the right way of living...  Men with Beards is a feature documentary that weaves a strange tale of beauty and brotherhood. Journey into the souls of countrymen to experience the triumph and heartbreak of a world-class beard. In 1954, before his senior year of high school, Wilt Chamberlain took a summer job that would change his life, working as a bellhop at Kutsher's Country Club, a Jewish resort in the Catskill Mountains. An unexplored and pivotal chapter in the life of one of basketball's greatest players, and a fascinating glimpse of a time when a very different era of basketball met the Borscht Belt in its heyday. When Dr. Haing S. Ngor was forced into labor camps by the Khmer Rouge, little did he know he would escape years of torture and recreate his experiences in a film that would win him an Academy Award(r). "The Killing Fields of Dr. Haing S. Ngor" tells the dramatic story about arguably the most recognizable survivor of the Cambodian genocide, a man who became a worldwide ambassador for justice in his homeland, only to be murdered in a Los Angeles Chinatown alley - a case still muddled with conspiracy theories. Through an inspired blend of original animation and rare archival material - anchored by Ngor's richly layered autobiography - the years encapsulating the Khmer Rouge's tyrannical rule over Cambodia are experienced though a politically charged transnational journey of loss and reconciliation.  Dr. David Edwards is a cancer specialist, and his life is his work. His only friend is Lou Rosen, 73. Lou is also David's patient, but at his age, chances are grim. Still, everyone deserves a chance, or at least that's what David thought before Sonny Collins walked into his office. On paper, Sonny looked ideal for his experimental trial: early forties with an inoperable baseball-sized tumor in his lung. But his file didn't say anything about his attitude: crass, crude, and indignant. Would the doctor who's famous for giving even the most gravely ill patient a chance, turn this man away simply because he has a bad attitude? Or is there some other reason? Sometimes healing has nothing to do with medicine. Written by Anonymous A ruined banker is abandoned by his mistress. He commits suicide after entrusting a prostitute with twenty-thousand francs. The money changes hands. A crook is arrested in the house of an an actress he had fooled. In a luxury hotel, a typist kills her lover's wife. The trial of the murderer is followed by the bankruptcy of another financier and the money finally returns to the mistress of a suicide in the restaurant in which she had first appeared. A communal house left in trust many years ago to provide art students support in the way of free housing, ART HOUSE has accumulated its share of legends, lore, art, art junk and a reputation for hard partying. When a university dean and an influential descendant of the original benefactor decide to turn the place into housing for varsity golf, the residents only chance of blocking the move is to prove their value and vitality as an artistic community. The burden is on art student Nora Ohr (Greta Gerwig), who is energetic, compassionate, but by no means perfect. Can the residents of ART HOUSE get their act together and make a name for themselves as artists before they're kicked out? Ricardo Bar (22) is a young man who lives with his family in a little farm, in the border of Brazil and Argentina. There is mainly the jungle and the settlers, descendants of German immigrants. Ricardo doesn't want to inherit his father's land; he wants to become a pastor. Problems begin when Ricardo and the community tell the directors to stop shooting and leave. From that moment on Ricardo Bar tells two stories: one about a deal, the directors' offer to Ricardo in order to be able to shoot the film, and the other about Ricardo's life at this moment, his reaction to the director's offer, reenacted for the camera. Penny works at a supermarket and Phil is a gentle taxi-driver. Penny's love for Phil has run dry and they lead joyless lives with their two children, Rachel, a cleaner, and Rory, who is unemployed and aggressive. A powerful Argentine political film stands on the figure of an outsider intellectual, Sebreli, but manages to transcend it, he becomes a touchstone to go through Argentina and its dilemmas, through this country that is proud of almost everything it should be ashamed of. From national icons like Gardel, Evita, Che, and Maradona the film dialogs with recent Argentine history and it does so with extraordinary energy, supported by a rarely seen use of all kinds of archive material in an almost Dionysian state of sampleadelia. The film arrives to a surprising reflection on nationalism, demagogic governments and delusions of unanimity; problems that are common to emerging societies that cannot find their ways to a freer and more egalitarian society. Rudraba, daughter of Ganapatideva, the emperor of the Kakatiya dynasty, was officially designated a son through the ancient Putrika ceremony and given the name Rudradeva so that she could succeed her father after his death. Despite opposition, she became of the most prominent rulers of the Kakatiya dynasty and one of the few ruling queens in Indian history. An action-packed horror comedy, BLOODSUCKING BASTARDS stars Fran Kranz as Evan, a dutiful and overworked employee stuck at a soul-killing corporation with his beautiful co-worker and girlfriend Amanda (Emma Fitzpatrick) and his slacker best friend Tim (Joey Kern). Evans world begins to crumble when Amanda dumps him and his boss Ted (Joel Murray) hands his coveted promotion to his nemesis Max (Pedro Pascal). When his office mates start going through disturbing changes, Evan must find a way to stop the evil brewing admist the cubicles, and rescue his workplace pals before his life and career go from dead-end... to just dead. In this one-woman film, international mezzo soprano Linn Maxwell embodies the extraordinary life of 12th century German prophetess, healer and composer, Hildegard of Bingen, who was canonized in 2012 and named a Doctor of the Church. Far ahead of her time and in a male-dominated world, Hildegard challenged the established authority of the Church, both philosophically and musically. Accompanying herself on authentic medieval instruments, Linn performs six of Hildegard's original songs and through the mystic's actual letters and writings transports us to the turbulent times of the Crusades of Western Europe. Hildegard's timeless message of spiritual truth, holistic healing and caring for the earth is more urgent today than ever. Set in Manchester, heartland of England's industrial north, Don Starling escapes from jail becoming England's most wanted man. Ruthless villain Starling together with his cronies engineered a robbery that resulted in the violent death of a young girl. Detective Inspector Martineau has been assigned to hunt him down and bring him in. From seedy barrooms, through gambling dens the trail leads to an explosive climax high on the rooftops of the city. THE RECORD MAN is a uniquely American story of how a group of musical underdogs with raw talent and diverse backgrounds, led by the indefatigable determination of one man, Henry Stone, exported the music of Miami to the world.  Before there was a "music business" there was Henry Stone, "The Record Man". From distributing records out of his '48 Packard to establishing TK Records as the largest independent label of the 1970s, Henry had an ear for hits. His funky eight-track studio and chart topping family of artists including KC and the Sunshine Band, led to the original Miami Sound and birth of Disco. When his empire collapsed on a baseball field in Chicago in 1979, Henry didn't miss a beat launching Miami Freestyle. Turning personal tragedy into an opportunity to empower others, through Henry Stone we witness the dramatic arc of the record business from inception through the digital age. With photographs unearthed after 40 years, THE RECORD MAN captures a forgotten musical history. Uncharted Waters is a feature-length documentary about Australian surfing legend, Wayne Lynch. It traces his upbringing in the seaside town of Lorne on Victoria's South-Western coast and his turbulent experiences as a 'conscientious objector' on the run from conscription and the Vietnam war. Ultimately it is about an extremely gifted individual with an intense connection to the Southern Ocean, whose approach to surfing has been a spiritual journey, often putting him at odds with the surfing sub-culture and society in general. Healing a Soldier's Heart transports us into the troubled hearts and minds of four Vietnam veterans as they begin the courageous healing process to alleviate their severe PTSD. Still traumatized 40 years later, the veterans bravely journey back to the sites where they witnessed and committed atrocities of war. In the process, they come face to face with victims and experience Vietnamese culture through a new lens that fosters the compassion and the mutual forgiveness necessary for healing. Even today there is still a certain resistance to recognizing the aesthetic revolution caused by Virus in the early eighties. The audacity of Federico Moura at the head of the La Plata's band exceeded the limits of rock and is still a source of art-pop knowledge. Imagenes Paganas explores that tension and rejection in times of dictatorship, a scourge that the Moura family paid with the disappearance of Federico's older brother. The documentary by Costantino inaugurates a time of historical reparation with Federico Moura as a warrior of modernity. Seattle DJ Marco Collins stars in this unflinching documentary about media fame and addiction, which tracks his rise, fall, and resurrection as an influential promoter of grunge, alternative rock, and electronic dance music.   Gladys and her daughter live on the periphery of New York City where they share their isolated lives together in their own little space in the same house, which is their whole world. Hidden in a city that also hides from them, a New York that grows smaller as the two of them stay within their own four walls where they only speak Caribbean Spanish together, and a few words in English they have managed to remember. A celebration of the spirit found in an Australian rural village. Old timer farmers rub shoulders with newcomer creative people which include some of Australia's most famous artists and composers seeking a tree change. They discover in Robertson there is more than just trees. Above all, the residents of Robertson want to retain their town as a rural village. Collectively the community, old and new, vigorously fight against the invasion of the outside world, threats of a large jail, bores which deplete the aquifers and coal seam gas mining. In a contemporary world that sometimes questions the advantages of social media technology, A Place Called Robertson is a snapshot of traditional Australian values, a magical film, celebrating the spirit that can be found in a small Australian rural village. A poignant look at mental retardation and society's ignorance and indifference towards people that are different. Portrait of the pioneer of animation films Lotte Reiniger. Gangsta rap gone wrong: Oldschool hitman "The Raven" is a legend. Stealthy, efficient and strictly a solo act. But this time he is forced to accept a very special partner: the local mob boss' son. The dimwitted teenager unfortunately made a rap video in which he brags about all of his daddy's crimes. Now everyone involved in the making of that video has to die and daddy's dearest is required to help clean up his mess. But how secretive, efficient and swift can you be, if you have to be faster than social media?  Window in to the vision of Mark Frank's artistic work. The story of Professor Stephen Hawking's early years is told for the first time in a major drama for BBC Two.It is 1963, and our young cosmologist celebrates his 21st birthday. At the party is a new friend, Jane Wilde - there is a strong attraction between the two. Jane is intrigued by Stephen's talk of stars and the Universe. But she realises that there is something very wrong when Stephen suddenly finds that he is unable to stand up. Jacob Bernstein's extremely entertaining film is a tribute to his mother Nora Ephron: Hollywood-raised daughter of screenwriters who grew up to be an ace reporter turned piercingly funny essayist turned novelist/screenwriter/playwright/director. Ephron comes vibrantly alive onscreen via her words; the memories of her sisters, colleagues, former spouses, and many friends; scenes from her movies; and, above all, her own inimitable presence. Watch any given moment of Ephron being her sparkling but caustically witty self (for instance, this response to a scolding talk show host--"You have a soft spot for Julie Nixon, don't you. See, I don't...") and you find it hard to believe that she's been gone from our midst for three years. Everything Is Copy (Ephron's motto, inherited from her mother) is a lovingly drawn but frank portrait and, incidentally, a vivid snapshot of an earlier, livelier, bitchier, and funnier moment in New York culture. In 1987 Korea, under an oppressive military regime, a college student gets killed during a police interrogation involving torture. Government of officials are quick to cover up the death and order the body to be cremated. A prosecutor who is supposed to sign the cremation release, raises questions about a 21-year-old kid dying of a heart attack, and he begins looking into the case for truth. Despite a systematic attempt to silence everyone involved in the case, the truth gets out, causing an eruption of public outrage. For 25 years Joseph Kony and his Lord's Resistance Army terrorized Northern Uganda. Children were stolen from their families and brainwashed to be soldiers. Girls were degraded to sex slaves for Kony's officers. The gunfire has ceased, but one battle remains-the battle to restore the future of the children of Uganda. Forest Whitaker tells this story of one woman's fight to bring hope back to her nation. Sister Rosemary Nyirumbe leads a vocational school in Gulu, Uganda, where she uses practical skills to restore dignity, independence, and hope to formerly abducted women. A young boy picks up his father's camera, with which he accidentally films a dying romance between a man and a woman- The true story of Forrest Tucker, from his audacious escape from San Quentin at the age of 70 to an unprecedented string of heists that confounded authorities and enchanted the public. Wrapped up in the pursuit are a detective, who becomes captivated with Forrest's commitment to his craft, and a woman, who loves him in spite of his chosen profession. I'VE SEEN THE UNICORN is a feature documentary that looks at life around the Maiden Cup horse race, the biggest event on the tiny island of Mauritius. The film examines post-colonialism through various characters involved in this tradition, among them, a young fisherman who dreams of becoming a jockey. What begins as an optimistic 'love story' quickly develops into despair when Yaelle's father ostracized her for her decision to have a lesbian wedding with Aya. Inspiring documentary proving it's NEVER too late for radical change. Think "Super-Size Me" meets Martial Arts. David is having a mid-life crisis. His weight is up, his energy is down. At 46 he takes up karate. His mission: become a Black Belt by age 50. "McConkey," a 90-minute documentary to be released in 2013, is a heartfelt examination of the legacy one athlete left to the progression of his sports, and the path he paved to conquer his dreams. Shane McConkey is revered as the pioneer of freeskiing and ski base jumping, and through his talent and unique outlook on life, he inspired countless lives. In a new film from Red Bull Media House in association with Matchstick Productions, "McConkey" celebrates the life of one of the world's ultimate innovators At three years old, a chatty, energetic little boy named Owen Suskind ceased to speak, disappearing into autism with apparently no way out. Almost four years passed and the only stimuli that engaged Owen were Disney films. Then one day, his father donned a puppet--Iago, the wisecracking parrot from Aladdin--and asked "what's it like to be you?" And poof! Owen replied, with dialogue from the movie. Life, Animated tells the remarkable story of how Owen found in Disney animation a pathway to language and a framework for making sense of the world. Some folks squirm at mention of a woman's period...not Arunachalam Muruganantham. Considered a madman and pervert by his community, he ignores his detractors and makes his dream--low-cost sanitary pads made by and for rural Indian women--a reality. Using manually operated machines, Muruganantham's microbusiness model is focused on something more important than profits: providing sustainable employment, hygiene and emancipation to women who would otherwise go without. He's a man with a million-dollar idea--except money has nothing to do with it. His goal is to make a livelihood, not to accumulate wealth; to operate at a human scale, not a multinational one. Menstrual Man is the inspiring story of a hero who rises above poverty and a lack of education to become a superstar social entrepreneur in the business of breaking cultural taboos and re-inventing the economic pyramid. Muruganantham is leading a movement, not a company. And it's spreading. Directed by Christoph Kuhn. When Ursula B. came into the world deaf and blind in 1951, her mother abandoned her immediately after giving birth. The doctors in Zurich did not expect her to live long. But despite such prognoses, Ursula is now a 60 year old woman, cared for with a great deal of affection for five decades by Anita U., her foster mother. Where does Ursula get her strength to live? And where does Anita get the energy for her relationship with Ursula? in stirring images, the director brings a story to the screen in which human love is ultimately the only link to Ursula's elsewhere, to her enigmatic universe without sight or sound. Away from home, a group of young people survive without job and stable residence. The passage of time is transforming them. Immersed in constant scape and full of energy, they suddenly will face a fact that will test them. In the early twentieth century, the Hotel Nueva Isla was an emblematic luxury hotel. After the Cuban Revolution, it was confiscated by the State and became a shelter for homeless people. Located in Old Havana, today it is an imposing ruin. Jorge de los Rios, a retired clerk, is one of the few residents who remain there, along with La Flaca, his lover, and Waldo, a young itinerant. As the rest leave for safer places, Jorge clings to his dilapidated home and its buried treasures, slowly digging his way through its debris. The film speaks poignantly to a lost generation who fought in the Cuban Revolution and dreamed of a better society. Documentary on the life and films of Antonio Margheriti.  The film is dedicated to the first steps of mankind on the path of space exploration and direct the fate of the first cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin. The main motif - the fight for the right to be first: the competition in the first cosmonaut, competition in missile technology, the confrontation of superpowers - the USSR and the USA.  In the first group of astronauts were selected from three thousand fighter pilots across the country. In twenty of the legendary got the best of the best. Which of them will fly first, no one knew. In this way, had to contend not only with the pull of the earth ... A dumb as rocks security guard in a Texas border town gets involved in a planned bank heist thanks to the charms of two different femmes fatales. The inspiring true story of music librarian Dena Epstein who labored 25 years to document the musical contributions of African slaves to the New World. Her work, now considered classic, shattered legends and myths, proved that the banjo was a slave instrument, and sparked a remarkable revival of black string band music. Directed and produced by Jim Carrier. Starring Dena Epstein, Bela Fleck, Eric Weissberg, Tony Trischka &amp; the Carolina Chocolate Drops. An astronaut sends her young son a video message from outer space. In Mexico, a stripper dances night after night to keep a roof over her child's head. In Canada, a woman becomes a mother for the first time after enduring seven miscarriages. Finnish filmmaker Joonas Berghall has travelled to South African settlements, Nepalese terraced fields and Russia's metropolis Moscow to investigate an unshakable and almost magical connection: the bond between mother and child. MOTHER'S WISH portrays 10 women from the most varied of cultural and social backgrounds who all tell of the beauty and difficulty of being a mother. These are not only stories of love and pride - but also of disappointed hopes and the most precarious of life circumstances. Above all else, however, the protagonists tell of their determination - regardless of their current living conditions - to fight for a better future. A thorough exploration of the themes and making of Fassbinder's "I Only Want You to Love me". A corrupt cop gets in over his head when he tries to assassinate a beautiful Russian hit-woman. A documentary on the life of Amy Winehouse, the immensely talented yet doomed songstress. We see her from her teen years, where she already showed her singing abilities, to her finding success and then her downward spiral into alcoholism and drugs. Rowdy young girl crashes high society when wealthy older man falls for her. Jai Jawaan Jai Kisaan is a journey about Lal Bahadur Shashtri's glorious life. The movie begins with the various freedom fights in the country during the pre-independence era. A time where two groups ( Garam Dal and Naram Dal) had waged a war against Britishers with different set of ideologies. It was under the leadership of Gandhi ji that Naram Dal took on the Britishers and led a peaceful march towards independence. Lal Bahadur Shastri was a prominent personality in this group and has a huge role to play in the history of India's independence. However this dynamic leader had his own story to deal with during the initial phase of his life. A low economic background, untimely death of his father and a mother to look after...these were just some of the problems that gave Lal Bahadur Shashtri a direction in life. Among the millions of victims of the Nazi madness during the Second World War, Pierre Seel was charged with homosexuality and imprisoned in the Schirmeck concentration camp. He survived this terrifying experience of torture and humiliation, and after the war he married, had three children, and tried to live a normal life. In 1982, however, he came to terms with his past and his true nature and decided to publicly reveal what he and thousands of other homosexuals branded with the Pink Triangle had undergone during the Nazi regime. Il Rosa Nudo (Naked Rose), inspired by the true story of Pierre Seel, depicts in a theatrical and evocative way the Homocaust, focusing on the scientific theories of SS Physician Carl Peter Vaernet for the treatment of homosexuality, which paved the way for the Nazi persecution of gay men. The first work by Fran Araujo and Ernesto de Nova describes the odyssey of Hassan, a Moroccan immigrant who can no longer find work in Spain after thirteen years in the country and decides to go home. He puts all his savings into a second-hand tractor to secure a living in Morocco and sets out to drive it back. When he came to Spain he had nothing, now he's returning with his only belonging: el Rayo. From the Pacific Northwest to the Bonneville Salt Flats in Utah, this is the inspiring true story of four tenacious men who risk everything to conquer the world records of motorcycle land speed racing. Their extraordinary journey will remind you how perseverance against all odds can send the most unlikely men roaring into glory. The stink of seaweed permeates the streets. I've heard there's growing dissatisfaction among the youth. Do you feel content? How often do you dream? Are you better off alone? Leeds born filmmaker David Nicholas Wilkinson's thirty three year quest to prove that the worlds film industry started in Leeds, Yorkshire, England in 1888. Documentary from Joe Balass After finally achieving his childhood dream, being one of the top professional wrestlers in the world, Nigel McGuinness painfully travels the world for one last tour, battling to understand his place in the business he spent his life pursuing, after his career was cut mysteriously short. When a band of brutal gangsters led by a crooked property developer make a play to take over the city, Master Ip is forced to take a stand. Film about the life of Russian practitioner of selection Ivan Vladimirovich Michurin (1855-1935). The film is based on Dovzhenko's play Life in Bloom. At first glance, Mica seems a perfectly normal boy. But first glances can often be deceiving... For one, Mica's house is now a museum honouring Guillermo Garibai, the legendary Mexican crooner. Mica spends most of his time there, giving guided tours to aging Garibai fans. But stranger still, Mica smells. He smells like fish. Numerous doctors, his life-long therapist and even his own parents are at a loss. No one wants to be Mica's friend. Girls won't talk to him. His life appears pointless, uneventful, doomed. That is, until Laura walks into it. Landscape Tempos are audiovisual views (scenes, occurrences) that reflect the rhythm and tempo of isolated or single moments in urban and rural landscapes. A young man stands naked facing the audience. He is Asian. This is MADE IN AUSTRALIA. Comedy about bourgeois marriage dream as perpetuated by the media, and the result when a husband and wife change roles. A man tours clubs around the globe with his manager and girlfriend. On the eve of their largest album release he is admitted to a psychiatric clinic after overdosing at a gig. A Chinese immigrant, recently arrived in America, fights to free Mexican slaves from their cruel master. Harry Potter has lived under the stairs at his aunt and uncle's house his whole life. But on his 11th birthday, he learns he's a powerful wizard -- with a place waiting for him at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. As he learns to harness his newfound powers with the help of the school's kindly headmaster, Harry uncovers the truth about his parents' deaths -- and about the villain who's to blame. When a wide-eyed 10-year-old girl visits her fathers insect laboratory, she receives an unorthodox education in genetics.   At the foot of Mount Panderman, in a house of 6 x 7 m, Iwan dreams to build a bedroom. Living with six other people in the cramped little house, a bedroom is truly a luxury. His father is a public car driver who can't remember his own birthday, while her mother didn't finish elementary school. Iwan grows up together with his four sisters.  It is education that grants a way out. With tenacity, the Apple Town boy can work in the Big Apple, New York. Ten years of his exploration in that most cosmopolitan city makes him able to raise his family's dignity. He manages to hold an important position in one of the biggest multinational corporations.  However the bright lights of New York can't heal a bitter memory. A shocking event brought forth someone who takes him to revisit the past. It is family love that saves all. Nineteen-year-old Danny Flynn is imprisoned for his involvement with the I.R.A. in Belfast. He leaves behind his family and his sixteen-year-old girlfriend, Maggie Hamill. Fourteen years later, Danny is released from prison and returns to his old working class neighborhood to resume his life as a boxer. Rio de Janeiro, 1950. In the conservative Portuguese Gusmao household, Euridice and Guida are inseparable until Guida elopes with a handsome sailor. When she returns months later, pregnant and single, her father banishes her. The sisters struggle in their separate lives, hoping to reunite someday. GO FAR: The Christopher Rush Story chronicles the inspirational life of Christopher Rush, a paraplegic, and national MDA poster child, who lived with muscular dystrophy from birth to death at the age 30, well beyond his predicted two years of life. Chris achieved extraordinary goals despite impossible odds and left behind a philosophy of life for all of us to follow. GO FAR is a motivational film that will teach and inspire not only persons with disabilities, but everyone, to follow their dreams and achieve them, no matter the obstacles. Featuring Tony Orlando, Jerry Lewis, and other celebrities associated with the Muscular Dystrophy Association. In 1985, former oil rig worker Richard Linklater began a film screening society in Austin, Texas, that aimed to show classic art-house and experimental films to a budding community of cinephiles. Eventually incorporating as a nonprofit, the newly branded Austin Film Society raised enough money to fly in their first out-of-town filmmaker: James Benning. Accepting the invitation, Benning met Linklater and the two began to develop a personal and intellectual bond, leading to many future encounters. Starting in the 1960s, Benning had been creating low budget films mostly on his own, while Linklater had just begun to craft his first shorts. The filmmakers have remained close even as their careers have diverged. After the cult success of Slacker, Linklater went on to make films with Hollywood support. Benning, meanwhile, has stayed close to his roots and is mainly an unknown figure in mainstream film culture. The film chronicles Nina Simone's journey from child piano prodigy to iconic musician and passionate activist, told in her own words.  Communal property, free sexuality, dissolution of the nuclear family - these were the basic principles of the Friedrichshof, the largest commune in Europe founded by the Viennese Actionist Otto Muehl in the 1970's. Because of these principles Paul-Julien Robert, who was born into this commune, for a long time didn't know who was his biological father. In the documentary "Meine Keine Familie" the director embarks on a personal journey into his past. Including archive material made public for the first time in this film, Robert confronts himself and his mother with all the things which went wrong between them. His basic question is: What is family? Using a mixture of film clips and interviews with Ozualdo Candeias himself the film tells the director's 40 year trajectory.  Berlin. Max is 61. He has a lot of sex. Sex with clients. Sex with 'leather friends'. Sex with Dima, his younger Ukrainian boyfriend. Even sex with his old friend Jan. Everyone comes to Max's Kreuzberg playroom. Luckily, Max was once a lieutenant colonel in the German army, so he's good at ordering his life. But when a routine check-up delivers some shocking news, the lives of Max and his friends need to change. Max and the Others is a true story about intimate relationships in a subculture where identity and sexuality tangle in an ever tighter knot. David Rice is a man who knows no boundaries, a Jumper, born with the uncanny ability to teleport instantly to anywhere on Earth. When he discovers others like himself, David is thrust into a dangerous and bloodthirsty war while being hunted by a sinister and determined group of zealots who have sworn to destroy all Jumpers. Now, David's extraordinary gift may be his only hope for survival! The discovery of the mutilated body of a mentally challenged young mother begins a journey into madness that is so unbelievable the mastermind behind the crime ultimately got away with murder. Revealing for the first time how and why it happened filmmaker J. David Miles ventures into the insane mind of a small town crime family's matriarch and uncovers a conspiracy that continues to elude law enforcement to this very day. By going straight to the murderers themselves for interviews it is a true crime investigation like you have never seen, unveiling an alternate motive to what was presented in the courtroom that is as bizarre as it is heartbreaking. Written by Anonymous An award winning documentary drama of the life of Amanda Eliasch showing the true feelings of a woman.  Every lover is an apple but not every apple is a lover. FGLND on Federico Garcia Lorca (1898 - 1936) courage & passion filled life, work and death. Professor Anderson brings a gun into his class. What happens when he threatens to start shooting? Discloses the importance of the work performed by people working with dead bodies, specifically the last two legal entities (forensic medical and funeral service). Behind The Gate is the untold story of the Sport of Kings, American Horse Racing. Starring Joe Pesci in his first film in seven years, Oscar De La Hoya, Bob Baffert, Bobby Flay and a number of other celebrities and lovers of the sport. The film follows the careers of two horses, HOME JOURNEY and the famous I'LL HAVE ANOTHER, just as one finishes his career and another ends his. The film features behind the scene interviews, races, controversy and the truth about the longest running sport in American History. Rubber Soul reconstructs portions of two historical interviews with John Lennon and Yoko Ono based on available transcripts and audio, juxtaposing them in order to explore the dynamic nature of Lennon's identity over time.  Serge Kakudji is a twenty-year-old Congolese counter tenor who fell in love with opera as a young boy, listening to audiotapes of opera recordings in his room in Lubumbashi. Later he traveled to Europe to achieve his dream of becoming a top opera singer. Although Serge's artistic ambitions are pure and uncomplicated, the reactions among his environment and audiences are often ambiguous and divided. While some people respect and acknowledge his artistic vocation, others see him as an exotic oddity, or complain that that his African timbre jars with classical opera. Serge refuses to be discouraged by any of this. On the contrary, he wants to hold up a mirror to Western culture and confront it with its underlying beliefs. He also wants to use his story and experiences in the west to bring opera to Congo. Together with his countrymen and women, he wants to found a Congolese opera tradition based on African stories that will inspire people to follow their dreams. 2500 years ago, in India, Siddhartha was born as a prince of the Shakya clan, but he gives up his position as a prince to see the world. He meets a strange boy named Assaji, who can predict the future, a monk with only one eye and Depa. Siddhartha continues traveling. Siddhartha is overwhelmed by the sufferings he witnesses around him. Meanwhile, Prince Ruri of Kosara begins his attack on the Shakya clan.  Second Buddha movie from Tezuka Productions. A searing account of what happens when raw talent and extreme personalities collide. In this unflinching, never-before-seen account of drugs and the dark side of professional skateboarding, brothers Tas and Ben Pappas' intense bond and charisma take them from the pinnacle of their sport into a spiraling world of self-destruction. An inside look at the American DIY punk culture and the Baltimore underground music scene through one of its most pivotal bands, Double Dagger. The life story of New Zealander Burt Munro, who spent years building a 1920 Indian motorcycle -- a bike which helped him set the land-speed world record at Utah's Bonneville Salt Flats in 1967. After the devastating events of Avengers: Infinity War, the universe is in ruins due to the efforts of the Mad Titan, Thanos. With the help of remaining allies, the Avengers must assemble once more in order to undo Thanos' actions and restore order to the universe once and for all, no matter what consequences may be in store. After the plane crashes to the remote island the pilot must survive... And not alone. The patients and staff of a secluded heroin treatment center must do battle with more than their own demons as a mysterious killer begins picking them off one-by-one. A look at the formation of the career of Iranian filmmaker Abbas Kiarostami. The six-member crew of the International Space Station is tasked with studying a sample from Mars that may be the first proof of extra-terrestrial life, which proves more intelligent than ever expected. A biography of the civil-rights activist and labor organizer Cesar Chavez.  Chronicling the birth of a modern American labour movement, Cesar Chavez tells the story of the famed civil rights leader and labour organiser torn between his duties as a husband and father and his commitment to securing a living wage for farm workers. Passionate but soft-spoken, Chavez embraced non-violence as he battled greed and prejudice in his struggle to bring dignity to working people. David Prowse is an eighty years old actor, who has lived behind Darth Vader's mask during three decades. A group of Star Wars fans find out why he has been apparently forgotten by Lucasfilm during thirty years, and decide to give him back the glory he never had. This is their last opportunity. Greater - The story of Brandon Burlsworth, possibly the greatest walk-on in the history of college football. A runaway train, transporting deadly, toxic chemicals, is barreling down on Stanton, Pennsylvania,  and proves to be unstoppable until a veteran engineer and young conductor risk their lives to try and stop it with a switch engine. This documentary feature looks at the work and lives of twelve contemporary Cuban artists, living in Havana today. Through in-depth interviews, the film covers a diverse range of subjects and issues, from supply shortages and constant blackouts ('apagones') to family life, love, sex and music. Visiting each person in their home and studio, the film explores the varying styles, techniques, themes, philosophies and ideas present in their work. Through this is revealed the many obstacles and difficulties that are faced on a daily basis and the feelings each person has towards the place they call home. Visually stunning and equally entertaining, Red Tide Pictures brings you the best, explaining what they do the best: Ride. Technical endurocross, deep sand, high speed desert, and deep wooded trails: no problem. This is not your father's "instructional," Heck, it's not even your older brother's. We have redefined the term through new age cinema technology that truly displays the dynamic form of each individual's unique skill set. The September 11th attacks began a decade-long period of anti-immigrant policies in the United States. As a consequence, the US began the mass-deportation of "non-citizens." Current estimates are between 4 to 6 million. Those hit hardest by these new policies were Latinos, primarily Mexicans, who make up 97% of those deported. On the 20th anniversary of Federico Fellini's death, Ettore Scola, a devoted admirer of the incomparable maestro, commemorates the lesser-known aspects of his personality, employing interviews, photographs, behind-the-scenes footage as well as his drawings and film clips. Like the Kabakovs' evocative art, 'Ilya and Emilia KABAKOV: ENTER HERE' has the sweep of a Russian novel and the immediacy of a family drama. It probes art's ability to transcend oppression and exile. With extraordinary access, the film follows the Soviet-born international art luminaries, now U.S. citizens, to Putin's Moscow, as they come face to face with their catastrophic past in the dizzying present. For the first time, Ilya Kabakov has returned to the hometown where his art was once forbidden, to install seven magical walk-in installations with his wife and partner-in-art, Emilia. The action ranges from the high plains of Texas to a blighted neighborhood in the Ukraine and climaxes as a sea of flashbulbs illuminate the artists at an opening pronounced 'historic'. A telling of the story of the famous U.S. aviatrix Amelia Earhart who attempted to fly solo around the world in 1937. She disappeared during the process. Olga is a complex young woman desperate to break free from her unfeeling family and social conventions. With her Louise Brooks-like tomboyish looks she drags herself, chain-smoking, from one job to another until she appears to find her niche as a truck driver. Although she has female lovers she does not form a bond with any of them; instead she clashes, time and again, venting herself in wordless emotional outbursts and other behavioural extremes. Recorded at Liverpool's Neptune theatre. Coogan appears as Paul and Pauline Calf, Duncan Thickett and Ernest Moss, alongside support from John Thomson's Bernard Right On A documentary slash mockumentary about and directed by two graffiti artists from Slovenia, travelling to New York, then Switzerland, and finally Israel, looking for the roots of graffiti and the artist who created the mysterious "Style Wars 2" piece, paying homage to the film who started it all: "Style Wars" by Tony Silver. In an unfair country women work day and night far from home while their children learn to survive between loneliness and emptiness. They grow to become teenagers, locked down in one of many low income neighborhoods made up of identical small houses, outlined by overcrowding and scarcity. Their mothers, mostly workers in transnational factories, go in and out in buses that take them to a work place where they carry out twelve hour shifts two hours away from home, while their children muddle through their upbringing in tiny houses of 40 square meters. In spite of everything, they look for a way to move ahead and chase their illusions. This is a story full of youthful aspirations set in a context of difficulties and shortages. Dr. Steven Greer--an Emergency room doctor turned UFO researcher--discloses top secret information about classified energy and propulsion techniques, investigates new technology and sheds light on criminal and murderous suppression. He does so by accumulating over 100 Government, military and Intelligence-community witnesses who testify on record about the cover-up. The story of how Dr. George Daniels rose from Dickensian poverty to become the finest watchmaker of the modern era - and how Roger Smith embarked on an obsessive, seven-year quest to become his apprentice and equal. This movie talks about the genius high school student Jang-ho who dreams of becoming the next Pavaroti although he is part of a gang and Sang-jin, currently a countryside art school music teacher but once a highlighted vocal singer.  Darwin meets Hitchcock in this documentary. Directors Dan Geller and Dayna Goldfine have created a parable about the search for paradise, set in the brutal yet alluring landscape of the Galapagos Islands, which interweaves an unsolved 1930s murder mystery with stories of present day Galapagos pioneers. A gripping tale of idealistic dreams gone awry, featuring voice-over performances by Cate Blanchett, Diane Kruger, and Gustaf Skarsgard. A look at food security in the Hawaiian islands (In)Voluntary Departure is a documentary chronicling the lives of Canadian-born Alessandro Tomassetti and Israeli-born Alon Rosenfeld, a gay bi-national couple, during their final days in the United States -- highlighting the desperate need for LGBT inclusion in U.S. immigration reform. Cal Weaver is living the American dream. He has a good job, a beautiful house, great children and a beautiful wife, named Emily. Cal's seemingly perfect life unravels, however, when he learns that Emily has been unfaithful and wants a divorce. Over 40 and suddenly single, Cal is adrift in the fickle world of dating. Enter, Jacob Palmer, a self-styled player who takes Cal under his wing and teaches him how to be a hit with the ladies. In 1998 Marco Pantani, the most flamboyant and popular cyclist of his era, won both the Tour de France and Giro d'Italia, a titanic feat of physical and mental endurance that no rider has repeated since. He was a hero to millions, the saviour of cycling following the doping scandals which threatened to destroy the sport. However, less than six years later, aged just 34, he died alone, in a cheap hotel room, from acute cocaine poisoning. He had been an addict for five years. This is the story of the tragic battles fought by the most important Italian cyclist of his generation; man verses mountain, athlete verses addiction, Marco Pantani verses himself. Tabloid reporters are sent by their editor to investigate after the paper recieves a letter from a woman claiming an angel is living with her. In 1975, Ryszard Kapuscinski, a veteran Polish journalist, embarked on a seemingly suicidal road trip into the heart of the Angola's civil war. There, he witnessed once again the dirty reality of war and discovered a sense of helplessness previously unknown to him. Angola changed him forever: it was a reporter who left Poland, but it was a writer who returned. 2012 was a watermark year in Virginia for women's health, when state politicians voted on and passed the controversial Right To Know and See Act, a bill which would require women seeking an abortion to receive and pay for an invasive ultrasound inspection. What politicians didn't count on was the forceful response from women of Virginia, or the hundreds who gathered on the steps of the state capitol to protest the bill. Empowered and emboldened to express their beliefs and fight for their rights, Virginian women are heard loud and clear in this powerful documentary. Friends and admirers of iconoclastic film director Sam Fuller read from his memoirs in this unconventional documentary directed by Fuller's only child, Samantha. In the war-zones of Liberia and Congo, four volunteers with Doctors Without Borders struggle to provide emergency medical care under extreme conditions. With different levels of experience, each volunteer must find their own way to face the challenges, the tough choices, and the limits of their idealism. "Living in Emergency" is a window into the seldom portrayed and less-than glamorous side of humanitarian aid work. It explores a world that is challenging, complex, and fraught with dilemmas - the struggles, both internal and external, that aid workers face when working in war zones and other difficult contexts. Vera Kohn, a Jewish woman of German descent born in Prague in 1912, fled from Czechoslovakia to Latin America in 1939, where she built a new life for herself as a theater actress in Quito, Ecuador. The trauma of losing home stayed with her forever. A severe mental breakdown changed her life. She spent three years with German Gestalt therapist Karlfried Graf Duerckheim in the Black Forest where she was introduced to his 'Initial Therapy'. Cured, she returned to Ecuador and became the country's most influential psychotherapist. The documentary essay tells the story of various encounters between the Austrian filmmaker whose grandfather was an SS soldier and the remarkable 98-year-old Jewish psychologist. Born out of wedlock early in the last century, Violette Leduc meets Simone de Beauvoir in postwar Saint-Germain-des-Pres. An intense lifelong relationship develops between the two women authors, based on Violette's quest for freedom through writing and on Simone's conviction that she holds in her hands the destiny of an extraordinary writer. Following the Sunnyboys' enigmatic frontman Jeremy Oxley from the band's origins, breakthrough success and his subsequent 30-year battle with schizophrenia, The Sunnyboy is one man's inspired story of survival and hope.  A meditation on a condition often stigmatised and misunderstood, Kaye Harrison's documentary buries below the surface of Oxley's public "identity" to explore his own reality and battle to maintain "self". Secure in a loving relationship with his partner Mary, Oxley slowly emerges from his solitary torment to join the world we all share.  The film follows him as he tentatively unpicks his confused thoughts and feelings about the past with his brother Peter. From his struggle with the physical effects of years spent self-medicating to his hopeful contemplation of a married future and a daring return to the stage, The Sunnyboy is the definitive documentary of Jeremy Oxley's journey from the Sunnyboys and back. "Getting married is crazy! I only want to be in relationships!" The life story of a woman who doesn't want to settle for one man. Her mom nags at her to get married, her superior grills her to bring results and her boyfriend turns out to be married. Soo-kyeong comforts herself with some spicy food. One lonely birthday, she ends up having sex with the chef of the spicy food restaurant. They fit well mentally and physically so they get closer but Soo-kyeong rejects the chef's marriage proposal. The chef gets married with someone else and asks her, "I got married with someone else like you said. Now will you have a relationship with me?" City police surround a building attempting to capture a suspected murder. The suspect knows there is no escape but refuses to give in. Back Issues is the definitive documentary of porn magazine Hustler, from its nightclub inception as it adapts to pornography in the 21st century. Director Michael Lee Nirenberg's father was was one of the original art directors in the 1970s and 80s. Back Issues is a complete look at the personalities and features that made this the most offensive magazine of all time. The story is told by its publisher as well as the editors, cartoonists, models, attorneys, art directors and cultural figures for the first time ever. The Theory of Everything is the extraordinary story of one of the world's greatest living minds, the renowned astrophysicist Stephen Hawking, who falls deeply in love with fellow Cambridge student Jane Wilde. Adopted from South Korea, raised on different continents &amp; connected through social media, Samantha &amp; Anais believe that they are twin sisters separated at birth. A young man in a personal tailspin flees the US to Italy, where he sparks up a romance with a woman harboring a dark, primordial secret. Thousands of men and women from the four corners of the earth transformed Canada in an industrial power. Sculptor/painter Katie Dallam entered the boxing ring for her first professional fight and, 140 blows to the head later, suffered major brain damage. (Her life became the basis for the movie Million Dollar Baby). Irish musician Graham Sharpe's career was on the rise when advancing tinnitus caused a ringing in his ears so bad that it put an end to his rock-and-roll dreams. Sculptor Alice Wingwall experienced complete loss of sight from a degenerative eye disease. Game over for these three, right? Not so fast. Each managed to struggle, innovate, and, ultimately, through their art, transform themselves into someone new. Irishwoman Mary Reynold's journey from rank outsider to winner of a Gold Medal at the Chelsea Flower Show. The true story of Carolyn's Raeburn's daughter who graduated from high school at the age of 16. Laura was bright, popular and enthusiastic about the future, but the summer before she was to begin college, an event occurred changing forever the lives of her and her family. Laura visited a boarding ranch in the country to learn horseback riding. And there, she entered a world dominated by a strange and fearsome woman who took control of Laura's mind. She was groomed to replace the woman's dead daughter. Carolyn spent the next five years of her life, much of her sanity and more than half a million dollars to get her daughter back. Failing cosmetics magnate Sally Fay (Traci Lords) will stop at nothing to possess the waters of the Steam Room to help lift her sagging empire. What she doesn't count on is the Steam Room Guys banding together to thwart her evil plans. This soulful documentary illuminates the hell-and- back life of the late, great L.A. alto sax legend Frank Morgan. A prodigy who was acclaimed as the natural heir to his bebop mentor, Charlie Parker, Morgan derailed his career with heroin, which led him into a life of crime. After decades in prison, he made an astonishing comeback, leaving behind recordings of deep, melancholy beauty. Framed by a tribute concert held in San Quentin, where Morgan's 19-year-old Asian-American protege, Grace Kelly, performs a heart-stopping version of "Over the Rainbow," N.C. Heikin's film is filled with revealing interviews with the colleagues, lovers, family and wives who accompanied Morgan on his long and rocky journey to redemption. A Europe film entirely shot in Africa? Listen to the tragic stories of unwilling sex workers who wanted to or had to leave the coldness of Europe. Warm and colourful as only Africa (in this case Nigeria) can be. A sound, committed documentary. As it should be. Based on true events. The Robertson County Sheriff's Department has released footage found on the bodies of the Sawyer family's cell phones and video cameras. What was first thought to be a murder-suicide is now believed to be the return of a centuries-old demon responsible for America's most famous paranormal event.  The artist behind the sensation of a $10 million, 22-city tour, and the international media storm that ensued. In this award-winning inspirational story of family survival, close-knit siblings of Mexican/Native American descent from Chardon, Ohio intimately reflect on the quiet heroism of their humble devoted father, and how they overcame incredible odds to become National Champions, World Record holders, and Olympic contenders as runners in the 1970s and 80s. Pedro Calungsod, a young Filipino man, leaves his Visayan native roots to join the Spanish Jesuit priest Fr. Diego de San Vitores in his mission to the Marianas Islands (Guam) in 1668. The San Diego Mission arrives in the Marianas where the young Pedro, a trained catechist and mission assistant, begins work for Fr. Diego de San Vitores in baptizing the Chamorro natives, preaching the holy gospel and spreading the good news of salvation through the Christian faith amidst paganism, doubt and disbelief. Despite the longing for his father and the threats to their lives, even at the peril of death, Pedro and Fr. Diego continued their missionary work. They roamed the dangerous islands and baptized many more natives and continued to enlighten them about Christianity. Operation Bethlehem follows Palestinian director Leila Sansour's extraordinary journey to the legendary city of Bethlehem, the place where she grew up. Armed with a camera and a family car that keeps breaking down, she sets out to make an intimate portrait of a historical town in peril. Five years on, with 700 hours of footage, the result is nothing like she had expected. An unknown real story of a Haitian vodou priest, Amon Fremon, who visited the People's Republic of Poland in 1980. A metaphysical view on time of socialism through the eyes of a stranger form a different culture. In 1982, almost five million people took theaters to see Erotic Things, the first Brazilian porn movie. The production is today considered a major episode in the history of Brazilian cinema because it was launched during the country's military dictatorship. Thirty years later, The First Time of Brazilian Cinema found the producers and actors to tell the inside story of this fascinating journey. Lewis Black stars in his second HBO solo special, an all-new hour of frenetic, take-no-prisoners stand-up comedy, taped before a live audience at the Warner Theatre in Washington, DC. Lewis Black: Red, White & Screwed features Black's opinions and insights into such issues as the State of the Union, abortion, frozen embryos, defecation habits, fossils, bad language, FEMA and, of course, Dick Cheney's aim. A chronicle of the life of Indian boxer 'Mary Kom' who went through several hardships before audaciously accomplishing her ultimate dream. 25 years ago, Louis Sarno, an American, heard a song on the radio and followed its melody into the Central Africa Jungle and stayed. He than recorded over 1000 hours of original BaAka music. Now he is part of the BaAka community and raises his pygmy son, Samedi. Fulfilling an old promise, Louis takes Samedi to America. On this journey Louis realizes he is not part of this globalized world anymore but globalization has also arrived in the rainforest. The BaAka depend on Louis for their survival. Father and son return to the melodies of the jungle but the question remains: How much longer will the songs of the forest be heard? A documentary about the history and reformation of Toronto punk band Death from Above 1979. Mike Todd is a Broadway producer struggling to produce the film. Around the World in 80 Days. In Mexico, Mario Moreno, a young entertainer is struggling to get some respect, and he manages to become a star. A twist of faith makes them partners. Together they won the Oscar for Best Picture. David, who gets by doing odd jobs, meets Lena, who has just moved up to Paris, and falls in love. But soon after, his life is brutally interrupted by the sudden death of his sister. Beyond the shock, and the pain, David now finds himself alone with his young niece Amanda to care for. Having faithfully served his South Melbourne parish for nearly four decades, the cantankerous, controversial Catholic provocateur affectionately called Father Bob is well known and loved, as much for his incorrigible media savvy and battles with Church hierarchy as for his staunch advocacy on behalf of the disadvantaged and disenfranchised. In Bob We Trust goes behind the scenes with Bob, documenting his everyday trials during one of the most turbulent times in his career: his forced retirement and eviction from the church he called home for 38 years.  The film is a collage, an essay and a documentary in tribute to an avant-garde artist and writer Vagrich Bakhchanyan. Viewers are immersed in the absurd and bitterly funny universe of the artist, as scholars and friends reflect on his life, enigma and the mystique of his connection with Kazimir Malevich's famous "Black Square" - an inception point of Russian avant-garde. Paulo Coelho is the world's most translated living author, his books having sold over 165 million copies. But he was not always the inspirational global phenomenon he is today. Like the heroes in his spiritual classics THE ALCHEMIST and THE PILGRIMAGE, he long-searched for his calling, flirting with death, escaping madness, falling in love, and making rock 'n' roll history in Brazil, all-the-while striving for success as a writer. A wild ride through a lifetime of stranger-than-fiction adventures, PAULO COELHO'S BEST STORY is a profoundly moving film that goes straight to the heart of the most beloved literary guru of our time, revealing the most incredible wonder of all: the man behind the masterpieces. Documentary about a tribe of indigenous people in northern China. Canadian Marc Emery's pot activism leads him to an American prison. A man's quest to find the cure for his dying lover plunges into a hallucinatory nightmare when he discovers an underbelly he's never known existed. Mac (Dan Frank) and Monica (Kira Reed) want to add an element of sexual intrigue to their marriage so they begin picking up men and playing games with them. Monica gets to add a little spice to her life, while Mac can fulfill his voyeuristic desires. But when they make their indecent proposal to the wrong man, everything changes, and Mac and Monica find they may pay for their desires with their marriage. When Marvin Hamlisch passed away in August 2012 the worlds of music, theatre and cinema lost a talent the likes of which we may never see again. Seemingly destined for greatness, Hamlisch was accepted into New York's Juilliard School as a 6-year-old musical prodigy and rapidly developed into a phenomenon. With instantly classic hits 'The Way We Were' and 'Nobody Does It Better' and scores for Hollywood films such as The Swimmer, The Sting and Sophie's Choice and the Broadway juggernaut A Chorus Line; Hamlisch became the go-to composer for film and Broadway producers and a prominent presence on the international Concert Hall circuit. His streak was staggering, vast, unprecedented and glorious, by the age of 31 Hamlisch had won 4 Grammys, an Emmy, 3 Oscars, a Tony and a Pulitzer prize: success that burned so bright, it proved impossible to match. "Adam Goldstein was friend to many in the '90s L.A. party scene, where he threw himself into a newfound life as DJ AM. Overcoming several obstacles, including a troubled familial relationship and various addictions, DJ AM quickly rose to the top of the music industry. A pioneer of the mashup movement, he became one of the most recognizable DJs in the world. However, he remained haunted by the demons of his past. After cheating death in a plane crash, a subsequent overdose lead to his untimely death. The story of nine-year old Maria and her father Marcelino who, in 1879, found the first pre-historic cave paintings at the now world famous Altamira cave.  When Gavrilo Princip killed Franz Ferdinand, Austrian future king , the World War I began. What will Gavrilo Princip do? He has to choose, hard jail untill death, or hanging. There are so much things happening in Bosnia. Sci-Fi * A television movie made from two segments of the TV Series Planet of the Apes (1974), Planet of the Apes: The Surgeon (1974) and Planet of the Apes: The Interrogation (1974). A group of strangers find themselves trapped in a maze-like prison. It soon becomes clear that each of them possesses the peculiar skills necessary to escape, if they don't wind up dead first. The Roman army abandons its siege of Jerusalem. Two Christian families face tough choices. Will they obey Jesus and forever walk away from all that is familiar to them? Their decision will mean life or death. This video portrays events described in the Bible that are historically accurate. For accuracy, there are scenes of fighting; however, the violence is not glorified but merely depicts the reality faced by first-century Christians.  A band of satanist hippies roll into a town and begin terrorizing the local folk. After raping a local girl, her grandpa goes after them, only to be beaten and forced to take LSD. His grandson then plots revenge on the satanists by feeding them meat pies infected with blood from a rabid dog. They turn into crazed lunatics and begin killing and/or infecting everything in their path. ANNA ALEXANDROVNA BARKOVA (1901-1976) Journalist and poet, meeting suspicious characters. Involved in immoral love affairs. Work in the Kremlin, fired. 1934 - Arrested, 5 years of penal servitude in Karaganda. Lived in Ukraine during the WWII. 1946 - Arrested, 5 years of penal servitude in the Komi Republic. 1956 - Rehabilitated, disability pension. 1957 - Arrested, 10 years of penal servitude. The film 8 Heads of Madness is about the eternal struggle between the artist and external circumstances, the artist and her demons and longings. 8 Heads of Madness is a drama woven from fragments of an appalling era. An unhappy cross-section of the 20th century in an unhappy country, as seen through the sensitive, perceptive vision of a poet. For over 35 years, Woody and the Cliffhangers meet to watch a double-feature (with a break between the features to watch a cliffhanger serial) and also to have lunch. They talk about everything under the sun: movies, family, wives, stars, surgeries, their health, their diet, their entertainment, their retirements, their kids, their pets, their lives, their loves (and although the rules state that one cannot talk about religion or politics) they end up talking about that, too. Their unique personalities, and individual life stories are just as interesting as the movies they watch . . . We hope you will join us in the support of this special film that celebrates tradition, friendship, nostalgia and films ~ The good ol' fashion way, with some good ole' fashioned gentlemen. They definitely don't make 'em like they used to! After events involving a home invasion, a house cat, an ancient artifact, and an unpaid electrical bill, martial artist Ryo Sakazaki and his best friend Robert Garcia must fight their way into the Southtown underworld to save Ryo's sister Yuri from the crimelord known as Mr. Big. A documentary about the life and work of seminal mathematician Srinivasa Ramanujan. While visiting an aunt and uncle in the exotic countryside of Costa Rica, a young southern belle from Alabama accepted a ride on the back of a motorcycle belonging to a local charismatic farmer -- a ride that would propel her down narrow mountain roads and into history.  First Lady of the Revolution is the remarkable story of Henrietta Boggs, who fell in love with a foreign land and the man destined to transform its identity. Her marriage to Jose 'Don Pepe' Figueres in 1941 led to a decade-long journey through activism, exile and political upheaval and, ultimately, lasting progressive reforms.  First Lady of the Revolution is not only a depiction of the momentous struggle to shape Costa Rica's democratic identity; it's also a portrayal of how a courageous woman escaped the confines of a traditional, sheltered existence to expand her horizons into a new world, and live a life she never imagined. For Rene Fustercluck, life was bad, the Apocalypse was awful, and then Gordon arrived. Drawn from a never before seen cache of personal footage spanning decades, this is an intimate portrait of the Sri Lankan artist and musician who continues to shatter conventions. Amanda and Jason are happy marriage now, after years of frustration have finally managed to take a beautiful girl from a country in Eastern Europe through an international adoption agency. But when the doctor will perform a DNA test to small, finds that there have been irregularities in the adoption process.  Legendary music photographer Mick Rock is best known for his iconic photographs of David Bowie, Lou Reed, Iggy Pop, Queen, and countless others. In a documentary as rock-n-roll as its subject, Mick Rock guides us through his psychedelic, shambolic first-hand experiences as the visual record-keeper of these myths and legends. After an encounter with Walter Breuning, the World's Oldest Man, Hunter Weeks and his fiance Sarah Hall take an adventure to meet the oldest people in the world, including some of the last people born in the 1800s. Capturing the extraordinary lives of people 110 years or older, the couple's journey sheds light on what is truly important in life. Traveling across the United States, Cuba, and Italy, Hunter and Sarah explore life's lessons through the stories of several living supercentenarians and the families that support them. WALTER connects us to the inspiring lives of our elders and their lessons for living life right. After his wife passes away trying to cross a mountain, Manjhi, out of sheer rage, sets on a quest to carve a road through the treacherous mountain. The movie depicts the political crisis that led to the suicide of president Getulio Vargas, in the 19 days that preceded August 24, 1954. The crisis began with the attempted assassination of journalist and politician Carlos Lacerda in August 5, 1954, at rua Toneleros, Rio de Janeiro, in which Major Vaz was assassinated instead. Investigations pointed to Gregorio Fortunato, chief of Vargas' personal guard, as the orderer of the frustrated assassination. This incident was one of the most importants in the history of Brazil. The tragic story of the beautiful daughter of a middle-class refugee family from East Pakistan. Neeta, the protagonist, sacrifices everything for her unappreciative family. 'Bottled Up: The Battle Over Dublin Dr Pepper' is a new documentary 120 years in the making. Our story details the small town of Dublin, Texas, which was the first place to ever bottle the soft drink Dr Pepper back in 1891. Garnering cult-like status in the 70s by continuing to produce Dr Pepper with pure cane sugar as the soda industry switched to High Fructose Corn Syrup (HFCS), 'Bottled Up' details the events and history leading up to the demise of the relationship between Dublin Dr Pepper and its parent corporation - The Dr Pepper Snapple Group in 2012. With exclusive interviews and footage, Bottled Up provides an insiders look at how this relationship fizzled, and the public outcry that continues to this day. How a South Pacific love song touched hearts around the world. Jazz in Love by Baby Ruth Villarama tells the story of Jazz, a young man from Davao whose dream wedding is within reach: his boyfriend of 11 months has proposed. Because no law allows him to get married in the Philippines, he must fly to Germany, his boyfriend's home country, and tie the knot there. One of the things that stand in his way is his inability to speak Deutsch, and to address that he must temporarily relocate to Manila for language lessons. Meanwhile, his parents remain completely unaware of the radical changes that his life is about to undergo. Shanmugam Manjunath, an IIM student, who was killed for his stand against corruption and fuel adulteration. Hasan Hourani, a Palestinian poet and illustrator, died aged 29 in Jaffa while trying to rescue his nephew from the sea.  Shortly after, the filmmaker Mais Darwazah discovers his drawings and poems and feels drawn to Hourani's world-- a universe outside space and time; a place of wonder, discovery, and freedom.  Motivated by this kinship, Darwazah embarks on a journey to her homeland, Palestine: a place she has never known. A young man returns home to care for his sick mother undergoing a transformation from caretaker, patient, to activist over the course of 18 years. A documentary about a controversial Zen master who has sought to strip away the sheen off many taboo topics in Zen Buddhism and exhibit a healthy dose of reality to his readers. In 2011, Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Jose Antonio Vargas outed himself as an undocumented immigrant in the New York Times Magazine. 'Documented' chronicles his journey to America from the Philippines as a child; his journey through America as an immigration reform activist/provocateur; and his journey inward as he re-connects with his mother, whom he hasn't seen in 20 years.  When Michele, the CEO of a gaming software company, is attacked in her home by an unknown assailant, she refuses to let it alter her precisely ordered life. She manages crises involving family, all the while becoming engaged in a game of cat and mouse with her stalker. Miss Hill: Making Dance Matter tells the inspiring and largely unknown story of a woman whose life was defined by her love for dance. Martha Hill emerges as dance's secret weapon, someone who fought against great odds to establish dance as a legitimate art form in America. Through archival footage, lively interviews with friends and intimates, and rare footage of the spirited subject, the film explores Hills's arduous path from a Bible Belt childhood in Ohio to the halls of academe at NYU and Bennington College to a position of power and influence as Juilliard's founding director of dance (1952-1985). Peppered with anecdotal material delivered by dance notables who knew her, this revelatory story depicts her struggles and successes, including the battle royal that accompanied her move to the Lincoln Center campus. The complete story of Lincoln's Gettysburg Address. True Tales Of Slaughter and Slaying is a live DVD recording by Macabre performing on stage in Dordrecht, Holland. This is the band's debut DVD released for their 20th anniversary. 1942, The Nederlands(ch)-Indie Government in Java Island captured Soekarno, an aspiring young man who wants to free Indonesia from colonialism. He was then put in Banceuy Prison at Bandung, Indonesia. Instead of lamenting, Soekarno found a way to fight back by delivering his famous defence oration "Indonesi Acccuse!" in his trial at Bandung Laandraad Courthouse. This story follows the life of Soekarno, Republic of Indonesia's first president, from his childhood until he managed to proclaimed Indonesian freedom with M. Hatta. A personal, accessible look at an artist - Kevin Barnes, frontman of the endlessly versatile indie pop band of Montreal - whose pursuit to make transcendent music at all costs drives him to value art over human relationships. As he struggles with all of those around him, family and bandmates alike, he's forced to reconsider the future of the band, begging the question - is this really worth it? Forced  onto  the  streets  in  her  50s,  Mimi  found  "home"  at  a  Santa  Monica laundromat. Taking shelter there for 20 years, Mimi's passion for pink, and living without  looking  back,  has  taken  her  from  homelessness  to  Hollywood's  red carpets. This is the fascinating and moving story of one incredibly strong woman' s survival against all odds. Mad or genius? Artist James Grashow has built - from cardboard - 15' fighting men, an anthropomorphized city, an ocean...and here he spends 4 years building a giant cardboard fountain -- inspired by the work of Baroque sculptor Gian Lorenzo Bernini. Supermensch documents the astounding career of Hollywood insider, the loveable Shep Gordon, who fell into music management by chance after moving to LA straight out of college, and befriending Janis Joplin, Jim Morrison and Jimi Hendrix. Shep managed rock stars such as Pink Floyd, Luther Vandross, Teddy Pendergrass and Alice Cooper, and later went on to manage chefs such as Emeril Lagasse, ushering in the era of celebrity chefs on television. I'm a Porn Star follows the lives of guys in the neighborhood who are likely a lot more famous than you - at least on the Internet. There are an estimated 370 million pornographic websites on-line. Porn is now a thirteen BILLION dollar business. So who's doing all this moonlighting? Turns out -- probably some people you know. Based on true events about the foot soldiers of the early feminist movement who were forced underground to evade the State. After the collapse of the Soviet Union, Ukraine's social and political institutions faced massive change, including an increasingly corrupt government and crippled infrastructure. A number of the nation's youth wound up homeless and addicted to a lethal cocktail of injected cold medicine and alcohol. In the early 2000s a pastor from Mariupol named Gennadiy Mokhnenko took up the fight against child homelessness by forcibly abducting street kids and bringing them to his Pilgrim Republic rehabilitation center--the largest organization of its kind in the former Soviet Union. Gennadiy's ongoing efforts and unabashedly tough love approach to his city's problems has made him a folk hero for some, and a lawless vigilante to others. Despite criticism, Gennadiy is determined to continue his work. An Irish sports journalist becomes convinced that Lance Armstrong's performances during the Tour de France victories are fueled by banned substances. With this conviction, he starts hunting for evidence that will expose Armstrong. Master monologist Matt Smith turns his 8th grade year in 1966-67 into a wild coming-of-age film---a comedy grounded in his Catholic education, racism, and the joys and horrors that are male adolescence. Six girls coming of age, ready to become something extraordinary. The true story of Chong Kim--abducted into the sex trade as a young teen--and the complicated moral choices she had to make in order to survive as her situation grew more desperate. Diana Ross dramatizes multiple personality disorder. A look at how a painter and a successful actor spend their last day together before the world comes to an end. During the final weeks of a presidential race, the President is accused of sexual misconduct. To distract the public until the election, the President's adviser hires a Hollywood producer to help him stage a fake war. Bio-drama capturing the spirit of the New York Dada artist Barones Elsa von Freytag-Loringhoven (1874-1927) in grand experimental fragments. She once appeared to apply for a visa in the French embassy in Germany dressed as a birthday cake, complete with more than 50 lit candles. Sixty-seven-year-old Nissim Kahlon made his home in a cave he dug, in a limestone cliff under the Apollonia National Park, on the North of the Herzliya coast, 15 kilometers north of modern Tel Aviv. For years he lived in this cave, without electricity or running water. Today the "home" that he built out of anything and everything - rocks, trash, sand - contains countless caves and tunnels, and Nissim insists on continuing to work on it every day. His work never ends. Nissim's son, eighteen-year-old Moshe, who was born in the cave and will soon join the military, is moving in with him. Together they work to dig out the cave in which he will live. Through their hard work, a complex relationship between father and son is revealed Nicholas Vreeland walked away from a worldly life of privilege to become a Tibetan Buddhist monk. Grandson of legendary Vogue editor, Diana Vreeland, and trained by Irving Penn to become a photographer, Nicholas' life changed drastically upon meeting a Tibetan master, one of the teachers of the Dalai Lama. Soon thereafter, he gave up his glamorous life to live in a monastery in India, where he studied Buddhism for fourteen years. In an ironic twist of fate, Nicholas went back to photography to help his fellow monks rebuild their monastery. Recently, the Dalai Lama appointed Nicholas as Abbot of the monastery, making him the first Westerner in Tibetan Buddhist history, to attain such a highly regarded position. Acoustic concert of the singer, recorded for the MTV special. Here are readings of great successes of her career and special appearances, such as the Nacao Zumbi Nation, Xis and Nando Reis, who also produced the show. The DVD also features the making of, discography and photos. A South African plastic surgeon, Dr, Tertius Venter, wants to leave his private practice to join a hospital ship providing free surgeries to the poor - but at a personal cost his wife Trudi may not be willing to pay. She is devastated at the realization she would only see him three months a year. While Tertius wrestles between being with the woman he has always loved and his destiny, the documentary closely follows Ambroise (32), Hyacinthe (10) and Fadila (11) who are three West Africans in need of life-changing surgery but without access to health care JOHN'S OF 12TH STREET is a portrait of a century-old Italian-American restaurant in New York City, one of the last of its kind in a rapidly changing East Village. This observational documentary loosely follows the rhythm of the restaurant's day, which swings between boredom and frenzy as the old rooms empty and fill. No one who works at John's is actually Italian, but some have been here for 40 years, including two pairs of brothers and a father and son. JOHN'S OF 12TH STREET catalogues the overlooked details of working life and a vanishing facet of New York City. Holden, a small-town football player, fights to keep his mental illness a secret at all costs. Based on a true story. Lee Scratch Perry's Vision of Paradise is a unique project in many ways. It is the life story of the legendary musician, but it is not a biography, it is a fairytale documentary! The director followed Lee Perry for thirteen years and discovered an unbelievable story, a revelation, told about and with one of the major protagonists of contemporary music, the other half of the story that has never been told. The movie can be seen as a guide for how to change the world with music, with a positive attitude, mindset or, as Lee Perry calls it, vibration. Martin is a young Argentinean piano virtuoso and composer. For four years, he has been a patient of El Borda psychiatric hospital. Music filled up his life. Now he is trying to return to life outside the asylum walls, while working on his new opus, "Enfermaria". Jacqueline is a young mother living in 1960s Paris with her disabled son Laurent. Abandoned by her husband, Jacqueline sacrifices everything to care for her son and vows to give Laurent a "normal" life full of happiness. Antoine, is a successful DJ in present day Montreal who seems to have it all: a thriving career, two beautiful daughters, partner Rose, with whom he is passionately in love. However, nothing is perfect and Antoine's ex-wife Carole remains devastated by their recent separation. Joaquim Pinto has been living with HIV and VHC for almost twenty years. "What now? Remind Me" is the notebook of a year of clinical studies with toxic, mind altering drugs as yet unapproved. An open and eclectic reflection on time and memory, on epidemics and globalization, on survival beyond all expectations, on dissent and absolute love. In a to-and-fro between present and past memories, the film is also a tribute to friends departed and those who remain. Energetic, stylish and unexpectedly emotional documentary by Simon Ogsten about legendary New Zealand punk band Skeptics, whose run was short by singer David D'Ath's death from leukaemia in 1990. The journey of a professional wrestler who becomes a small town pastor and moonlights as a masked vigilante fighting injustice. While facing crises at home and at the church, the Pastor must evade the police and somehow reconcile his violent secret identity with his calling as a pastor.  The Second Republic has fallen miserably. Simon Bolivar arrives to Jamaica without money or friends, seeking help from other nations to free Venezuela. A man's thirst for a frozen beverage leads to chaos on a lonely desert highway. Art, obsession and anxiety permeate a dilapidated Manhattan loft building in Mid-century: The first movie to use photographer W. Eugene Smith's massive, fly-on-the-wall archive of photos and audio tapes documenting the likes of jazz greats Thelonious Monk, Zoot Sims, Jimmy Giuffre, Hall Overton and others at work and play in the Sixth Avenue wreck that was Smith's home and studio from 1957 through the '60s. Activist/author Edward Abbey's legacy lives on in his best-selling books and now in director ML Lincoln's lively documentary. Lincoln pays tribute to Abbey and the environmental movement he inspired, reenacting his "monkeywrenching," and interviewing notable eco-warriors and present-day activists. A retrospective documentary on filmmaker Andrew Leavold's debut feature, 'Lesbo-A-Go-Go' (2003). This is the tale of a man with big ideas but no budget who assembled a crew and set out to make a faux sixties exploitation film, the kind of film he would want to see though sadly at the time due to the niche nature of the subject matter very few else did. Despite its entrapment in distribution limbo for over a decade, 'Lesbo-A-Go-Go' has garnered a minor cult reputation internationally and this documentary explores the film's sordid production history as well as its enduring legacy. A no-holds-barred tell-all tale with interviews from cast, crew and industry professionals interspersed with never-before-seen alternate takes, bloopers and behind-the-scenes footage from the film. In 2010, four of the greatest undefeated mountain runners on earth toed the starting line at the Western States 100-mile endurance run, the oldest and most prestigious 100-mile foot race in the world.  'Unbreakable: The Western States 100' follows the four lead men on this amazing journey. Hal Koerner, two time defending Western States champion, and running store entrepreneur from Ashland, Oregon. Geoff Roes, undefeated at the 100-mile distance, an organic chef from Juneau, Alaska. Anton Krupicka, undefeated in every ultramarathon he has ever started, a graduate student living in Boulder, Colorado. Kilian Jornet, the young mountain runner and two time Ultra-trail du Mont-Blanc champion, from Spain. Full-length documentary about the story of John Penton. An American icon and motorcycle pioneer who along with his family and a band of loyal followers, changed off-road motorcycling forever. In the 1930s political activist Jimmy Gralton is deported from Ireland during the 'Red Scare'. Belgrade, 1999. People go in and out of cafes, and lively conversation echoes all around. As if no one expects the NATO bombings. As if they never even started. But there is tension nonetheless, behind the eyes of people who suppress their fear at any cost. It is in this time and place that Ana, Sloba and Bojan construct their own sense of normality in order to retain their sanity. Three ways to deal with fear. One random sky above. Three friends are on the verge of getting their video game financed when their benefactor is taken hostage by terrorists. Captured over two years, "Daddy Don't Go" is a feature length documentary about four disadvantaged fathers in New York City as they struggle to beat the odds and defy the deadbeat dad stereotype. Rags follows the story of Charlie Prince, an orphan living with his acerbic and unloving stepfather and spoiled, simple-minded stepbrothers. Charlie's dream is to be a singer, and while he is vocally talented and can write music, he can't seem to catch a break. Kadee Worth, on the other hand, is the daughter of music mogul Reginald Worth and is an international pop phenomenon. While the world knows her as a glamorous superstar, she is secretly frustrated with singing other people's songs and wearing clothes other people choose for her. Kadee wants the world to hear and see her true talent. Despite every obstacle that gets thrown in their way, once Charlie and Kadee find one another, they each finally get what they have been looking for - a voice, a stage, an audience and each other. A coming-of-(old)-age story about Peter Anton, an elderly "outsider" artist living in isolated and crippling conditions whose world changes when two filmmakers discover his work and storied past. Shot over eight years, ALMOST THERE documents Anton's first major exhibition and how the controversy it generates forces him to leave his childhood home. Each layer revealed reflects on the intersections of social norms, elder care, and artistic expression. Like Don Quixote, Zivan Pujic Jimmy fights for his annual punk festival. A film about failure, ambition, friendship and clinging to your dreams. Glavonic received much praise for this exceptional film that doesn't reveal what's fact and what's fiction. A hypocritical swinging college student cat raises hell in a satiric vision of various elements on the 1960's. An intimate look at the extraordinary life of Master Lu Yi, hailed as the father of modern acrobatics, and the vast community of big-top lovers who share his dream of a thriving US circus industry. Everything that matters to Sergey Dovlatov, one way or another written by the writer Sergey Dovlatov. From fragments of works, letters, interviews, editorial columns, a story about a living person is compiled. Poor young cobbler Wu Di lives with his mother and is crazy about martial-arts picture books. One day he repairs the shoe of wandering swordswoman Yuelou and later helps save her in a fight with wanted criminal Tian Baguang, even though he has no martial-arts training. She tells him she owes him a life and can be found on Qin Mountain if he ever needs her. Yuelou is actually a princess who was due to marry the emperor but ran away after setting fire to her palace quarters. In love, Wu Di sets out to find her, fighting river pirate Dugu and his sidekick on the way, and also meeting a hermit Buddhist monk who offers to take him on as a pupil. Yuelou plans to attend a martial arts tournament to establish her name, little knowing that the emperor's chief eunuch Cheng has arranged for her to be secretly protected by Penal Bureau officer Yang Guo and to win the tournament, so the emperor can award her the prize and persuade her to reconsider marriage. In the feature documentary, Summer 82 - When Zappa Came to Sicily, filmmaker and Zappa fan Salvo Cuccia tells the behind-the-scenes story of Frank Zappa's star-crossed concert in Palermo, Sicily, the wrap-up to a European tour that ended in public disturbances and police intervention. Cuccia had a ticket to the concert but never made it.  Thirty years later, collaborating with Zappa's family, he re-creates the events through a combination of rare concert and backstage footage; photographs; anecdotes from family, band members, and concertgoers; and insights from Zappa biographer and friend Massimo Bassoli. The story is also a personal one, as Cuccia interweaves the story of Zappa's trip to Sicily with his own memories from that summer. We are with Pasolini during the last hours of his life, as he talks with his beloved family and friends, writes, gives a brutally honest interview, shares a meal with Ninetto Davoli, and cruises for the roughest rough trade in his gun-metal gray Alfa Romeo. Over the course of the action, Pasolini's life and his art (represented by scenes from his films, his novel-in-progress Petrolio, and his projected film Porno-Teo-Kolossal) are constantly refracted and intermingled to the point where they become one. Life's questions are 'answered' in a series of outrageous vignettes, beginning with a staid London insurance company which transforms before our eyes into a pirate ship. Then there's the National Health doctors who try to claim a healthy liver from a still-living donor. The world's most voracious glutton brings the art of vomiting to new heights before his spectacular demise. Sixty-two year old Richard Turner is renowned as one of the world's greatest card magicians, yet he is completely blind. This is an in-depth look at a complex character who is one of magic's greatest hidden treasures. A faded television actor and his stunt double strive to achieve fame and success in the film industry during the final years of Hollywood's Golden Age in 1969 Los Angeles. In this one, we're witness to a sort of vaudeville show with an all-animal cast, including a myopic turtle and a pig very proud of his ability to play the flute. There's a troupe of dancing "girls" who sing about "shaking your powder puff," and a dog (or wolf, or fox or something) keeps getting thrown out by the management. Dr. Ottara Kem never spoke about his Cambodian past to his German daughters. But on his deathbed he desired to be buried in Cambodia. With the fulfillment of his wish begins an intense, conciliative, and poetic journey through the story of his life. Marie Heurtin is born both blind and deaf. Sister Marguerette wins her trust and teaches her how to express herself. Biopic of Brazilian singer Tim Maia, from his childhood in Rio de Janeiro until his death at age 55, including his passage by the US, where he discovers a new style of music and is arrested for theft and drug possession. Uganda's Idi Amin and Tanzania's Julius Nyerere were bitter enemies who went to war in 1978. Today, the dictator Amin is reviled as the 'Butcher of Uganda', while the socialist Nyerere is revered as the 'Founding Father of Tanzania.' Nyerere's army forced Amin and his family into exile in 1979, ending Idi Amin's blood soaked regime. In SONS OF AFRICA, the two leaders' sons attempt to climb Kilimanjaro, Africa's highest mountain, on a journey of peace and reconciliation. If you think reality shows are all fake &amp; scripted and competition reality shows are rigged, wait until you see what the producers of FACE OFF are willing to do to make their show look real: anything and everything including breaking the law. In FRANKENFAKE the documentary about the making of the fake reality competition show FACE OFF you will witness actual events-caught in the act crimes being committed, on camera, actual court proceedings, documents, and audio recording's of the events that took place to keep a contestant quiet. Horror fan Tal Zimerman examines the psychology of horror around the world to find out why people love to be scared. For three weeks in September 2008, one person was charged with preventing the collapse of the global economy. No one understood the financial markets better than Hank Paulson, the former CEO of Goldman Sachs. In Hank: Five Years from the Brink, Paulson tells the complete story of how he persuaded banks, Congress and presidential candidates to sign off on nearly $1 trillion in bailouts - even as he found the behavior that led to the crisis, and the bailouts themselves, morally reprehensible. Directed by Academy Award nominee Joe Berlinger (Paradise Lost Trilogy, Some Kind of Monster), the film features Paulson, and his wife of 40 years, Wendy. it's a riveting portrait of leadership under unimaginable pressure - and a marriage under unfathomable circumstances.  Third Time Lucky" was released in February 1931 and was the first film to star Bobby Howes in a leading role. Based on a play by Arnold Ridley, who also wrote "The Ghost Train", and later went on to star in "Dad's Army", "Third time lucky" tells the story of a timid parson (Howes) who steps in to protect his ward from blackmail at the hands of Garry Marsh and Gordon Harker. A chronicle of the final three years of Marty Reisman's life. A table tennis champion turned hustler. Pursuing notoriety and motivated by his love of fame and ping pong, he has to face his biggest fear: mortality. Israel Ticas is El Salvador's only criminologist. In one of the world's most dangerous countries, his job is to unearth the hundreds of missing people murdered and buried by the rival gangs MS-13 and 18 Street as their street war rages. Without him, the murdered would go uncounted. The gangs may have declared a truce in 2012, but as we discover on the job with Israel, the murder rate has increased and El Salvador's missing remain without justice. An artist portrait about the Cuban born singer, dancer, and entertainer Joaquin La Habana. Androgynous and bisexual, this voice acrobat brings both women and men convincingly to the stage and into film. He had to fight for his artistic way but always stayed true to himself. In this documentary, with the now 60 years old artist, we look back into his life and career from the 1970's and 1980's New York with its provocative underground scene. Impressive material from that time and from the group he performed with the the famous Studio 54 lead us to the life he lives now in Berlin. A very personal film and a contemporary document. A documentary about the greatest soul singer you've ever heard--even if you've never heard of him. A documentary film investigating the 1928 murder of a Pennsylvania farmer and the allegations of witchcraft that shocked the nation. 15 years ago, the Super Task Force Six were shut down in secret by The evil Emperor Zagel. Since then, he has been working on a super weapon powered by all six armors. When a former Enforcer realizes this plan, he risks his life to steal Unit Green and passes it off to a completely unprepared Jason. Can Jason keep Unit Green out of Zagel's clutches? If the Super Task Force Six couldn't beat Zagel, what hope is there for the Super Task Force ONE?  A quirky teen with a penchant for war reenactments, Kelly Ernswiler obsesses over military tactics with his buddy Bart. The school bully is one of Kelly's regular headaches, and he also has to deal with a frustrating situation at home, where his father is a recovering drug addict. Kelly's life gets even more complicated when he falls for Tabby, Bart's pretty and soon-to-be-wed older sister. BLACK SUNS: AN ASTROPHYSICS ADVENTURE is a documentary about chasing eclipses and science dreams. It chronicles the lives of two globetrotting African American astrophysicists, Dr. Alphonse Sterling and Dr. Hakeem Oluseyi, as they follow the two solar eclipses that occurred in 2012. Dr. Alphonse Sterling of NASA, stationed in Japan, had early success in the US, but left his home country to further cultivate his wide-ranging interests. Dr. Hakeem Oluseyi of the Florida Institute of Technology, is a scientist who beat the odds of poverty, and a poor early education, to get where he is today. The film is hosted by award-winning cultural astronomer Dr. Jarita Holbrook. What happens to the Mexican deported once they are sent back home? The amazing achievement of Sergio Tamai, founder of Angeles Sin Fronteras, who has created one of the most efficient shelter for the deported in Mexicali. A young tech worker takes a job at a powerful Internet corporation, quickly rises up the company's ranks, and soon finds herself in a perilous situation concerning privacy, surveillance and freedom. She comes to learn that her decisions and actions will determine the future of humanity. Journey behind the lens of unlikely rock and roll photographer, Jini Dellaccio who visualized punk before it had a name and embodied indie before it was cool. In tracing Jini's courageous and convention-defying pursuit of creativity, discover a riveting story of an artistic legacy lost and found. A restaurant owner falls in love with an opera singer and, desperate to impress her, travels to Italy to learn how to sing. On the 6th December 1995, three Essex gang members were brutally murdered in cold blood. It's now early 1997 and whoever killed the three men have yet to be brought to justice. An associate of the men, still mourning the loss of his friends, is convinced that it's only a matter of time before he's next. For him, the only way out is to go back in and work his way back up the criminal ladder. The higher he gets, the more violent the jobs become, his quest for power turning into an obsession. With life and family on the line can he hold his nerve together one last time in order to get out alive? In the years following the sign of Jesus' birth the Nephites grow wicked. Then a great storm and earthquakes ravage the land, followed by three days of darkness. When hope seems lost, the resurrected Savior appears in glory to the Nephites. He ministers, preaches, and calls disciples to His work. His perfect love and teachings cause the Nephites to be spiritually changed and live peacefully. A British commando team heads into France to blow up a German-held dam in preparation for D-Day, while a British agent infiltrates the German garrison to give inside help. The twist is that the British officer is replacing his twin German brother. This is the master-crafted work of the legendary writer and artist Frank Miller. The film encapsulates, and celebrates the stunning achievement of Batman: the Dark Knight Returns, galvanizing the reason why this story ushered in the modern take of the dark and brooding protector of Gotham. This is the journey of Frank Miller, seeking the freedom that some authors only dream of in a lifetime. Narrated by Malcolm McDowell. Based on the book "Walt Before Mickey" covers the early years of Walt Disney's career. The legendary Walt Disney had a tumultuous childhood, yet he was determined to overcome obstacles in his path, before the creation of his first iconic character: Mickey Mouse. The Old, the Young &amp; the Sea is a vivid documentary road movie about the people and lifestyles of the "European Leg" - the classic European surfing route along the Atlantic coast. A look at the parallels between DJing and Music Therapy.  Michael Jackson is a legend in the world of craft brewing. His 1977 book, The World Guide to Beer, was the first of its kind, and the first to categorize almost every major style of beer in the world. His 1993 television series, The Beer Hunter, became an instant classic, and helped launch the spectacular craft beer movement that we take for granted today. Michael's engaging writing literally saved many styles of beer from extinction, and his work inspired an entire generation of brewers to experiment with beer styles from around the world. Many in the beer world are unaware that Michael was also the leading author on the subject of whiskey, and his books on whiskey have sold more copies worldwide than his books on beer. His sudden death in 2007, at the age of 65, shocked the beer and whiskey worlds. His legacy and contributions were substantial, and should be recognized and remembered. As a person, Michael was one of the best, as those fortunate enough to know him can attest to. Haley is a naturally gifted athlete but, with her social behavior, the teen seems intent on squandering her abilities. After a final brush with the law, a judge sentences her to an elite gymnastics academy run by a legendary, hard-nosed coach. Once there, Haley's rebellious attitude wins her both friends and enemies. A transgender Native Hawaiian teacher inspires a young girl to fulfill her destiny of leading the school's male hula troupe, even as she struggles to find love and a committed relationship in her own life. L'Chaim! is an intimate portrait of a man with a rare and significant story. It is the tale of Chaim Lubelski. He gave up a career as a chess player and successful businessman in New York to dedicate himself to his elderly mother, a Holocaust survivor. Former blues singer turned private eye, BJ becomes involved in a dangerous gang business. Michael White might just be the most famous person you've never heard of. A notorious London theatre and film impresario, he produced over 300 shows and movies over the last 50 years. Bringing to the stage the risque productions of Oh! Calcutta!, The Rocky Horror Show and to the screen Monty Python's The Holy Grail, as well as introducing Merce Cunningham, Pina Bausch and Yoko Ono to London audiences, he irrevocably shaped the cultural scene of the 1970s London. Playboy, gambler, bon vivant, friend of the rich and famous, he is now in his eighties and still enjoys partying like there's no tomorrow. In this intimate documentary, filmmaker Gracie Otto introduces us to this larger-than-life phenomenon. Featuring interviews with 50 of his closest friends including Anna Wintour, Kate Moss, John Waters and Barry Humphries and, of course, the man himself, Otto pays a vibrant tribute to a fascinating entertainer. Jim Traficant was a legendary quarterback turned mob busting Walking Tall Sheriff who rose to power on a platform of "honesty in politics". He quickly ascended to the hallowed halls of Congress, becoming its most outspoken member. "Jimbo" as his die-hard supporters called him, was known for his polyester thrift store suits, shock top wigs, vulgar humor and profanity laced rhetoric against the FBI, IRS, and every president since Reagan. His one minute speeches made C-SPAN must see programming, as he signed off with his patented "Beam Me Up!"  In his post-industrial hometown of Youngstown, Ohio -- dubbed Crimetown, USA for being the most mobbed up city in America -- "Jimbo" was a living legend, once garnering more than 90% of the vote. However, the eccentric maverick also had a dark side, becoming only the second Member of Congress expelled since the Civil War, eventually spending over seven years in federal prison on bribery and tax evasion charges.  Per Persson left Sweden 40 years ago. In Pakistan he fell in love and became the father of two daughters. Trouble starts when the girls grow up and the family decides to emigrate to Sweden. When they end up living in a caravan outside Hassleholm, all their expectations are dashed. A story of love and life among the landed English gentry during the Georgian era. Mr. Bennet is a gentleman living in Hertfordshire with his overbearing wife and five daughters, but if he dies their house will be inherited by a distant cousin whom they have never met, so the family's future happiness and security is dependent on the daughters making good marriages. Jorge, Omar, Lalo and Moy love soccer, but being blind have kept them away from this sport until they meet and decide to make their own team and compete to be a part of the national team and play in the Rio 2016 Olympic Games. A 40-year-old world-famous chef with anger management issues is assigned to run a cooking class at a centre for young people with autism. When Brazil won the war against Paraguay in 1870, they spared the life, but not the reputation of the woman they claimed was the chief villain in the bloodshed. Irish-born Eliza Lynch, lifetime partner of dictator Francisco Solano Lopez, was painted by Brazil as a puppet master, thief and whore, and in 1991 included alongside Lucretia Borgia and Catherine the Great in a book entitled The World's Wickedest Women. In Paraguay, the country where she lived as a beloved uncrowned queen, she is a national heroine. Fascinated by the contradiction, Irish academics Michael Lillis and Ronan Fanning embarked on 18 years of research to write a biography which forms the basis of Alan Gilsenan's unique and compassionate documentary. Blending interviews with re-enactments of Eliza's life - wonderfully performed by actress Maria Doyle - Gilsenan thoughtfully breathes humanity into a portrait of a much maligned woman. An underground but mighty river links the cities of Carrara in Tuscany and Barre in Vermont. It is a river through which flow art, history and memory. But above all it is a river that carries with it the tragic epic of an entire community of emigrants from all over Europe engaged in the everlasting and titanic struggle against stone. A river that rises from the quarries of the Apuan Alps, where Michelangelo used to go to obtain the blocks of marble for his masterpieces. And that finds its outlet in the American state of Vermont, amidst dramatic social battles and deaths by freezing, amidst the sorrow of emigration and the splendor of the art of sculpture, amidst anarchic utopia, hope and tragedy. Today is international 'Quit-your-job-and-follow-your-dream Day'. Here comes a story of a girl who follows her dream and goes to Bolivia to learn to fight for environmental justice. Chihiro is a Dutch/Bolivian wannabe environmentalist who feels stuck and alienated in the humdrum of city life. She ventures out to Bolivia to meet people who advocate Rights for Mother Earth. As she is developing her relationship with nature, she stumbles over her own roots: how to relate to her own estranged Bolivian family? How to reconnect on all levels? Passengers on a ship traveling from Mexico to Europe in the 1930s represent society at large in that era. The crew is German, including the ship's Dr. Schumann, who falls in love with one of the passengers, La Condesa. A young American woman, Jenny, is traveling with the man she loves, David. Jenny is fascinated and puzzled by just who some of the other passengers are. Steve is a man who has it all, a successful career, wonderful children, beautiful home and a loving wife. However, returning to his home after work on his birthday, he finds his house deserted and darkened with almost all the lightbulbs missing, all easy access outside cut off and a videotape waiting for him. Playing that tape, he watches a bizarre and grueling recording in which his wife explains her grievance with him, her reasons for disappearing with the children and her revenge for how he treated her in a way he would never forget. With the world under attack by deadly creatures who hunt by sound, a teen and her family seek refuge outside the city and encounter a mysterious cult. What would you do if you had only one year to live? Follow award-winning Asian American author and avante garde jazz composer Fred Ho on an unbelievable year as he fights cancer, leads orchestras, holds talks, leads protests, publishes books, and even produces his magnum opus: an elaborate, manga-inspired samurai opera on a New York stage. Asier and I grew up in the Basque Country. But one day he disappeared, later I found out he had joined ETA. THIS IS THE story of how a shy and petite 25-year-old woman was suddenly and unexpectedly thrust into the limelight, instantly becoming the most famous woman in the world. Succeeding her father, the beloved King George VI, Elizabeth II was thrown into the sovereign role in a country still reeling from the aftermath of World War II. Lulu, a high class prostitute, receives constant visits from her neighbor Julian. He believes that she is his missing ex-girlfriend Mei Mei and begs her for a chance to start over again. Lulu rejects him, thinking that he is just making up stories to win her over. She tells him she never wants to see him again, but soon she misses him. It may be too late as she discovers that Julian is with somebody that looks exactly like her. When mailman Bridd Takes his sexy date Charlotte home, they find their boss on the floor with a mail opener stuck in his chest. The assailants are also after Bridd and he has to use all his talents to foil an extra-terrestrial complot. The beginning of the Tower Records art department. Interviews with the original artists that created the unique Tower Records display look. THE AMERICAN NURSE is a heart-warming film that explores some of the biggest issues facing America - aging, war, poverty, prisons - through the work and lives of nurses. It is an examination of real people that will change how we think about nurses and how we wrestle with the challenges of healing America. THE AMERICAN NURSE is an important contribution to America's ongoing conversation about what it means to care. The film follows the paths of five nurses in various practice specialties including Jason Short as he drives up a rugged creek to reach a home-bound cancer patient in Appalachia. Tonia Faust, who runs a prison hospice program where inmates serving life sentences care for their fellow inmates as they're dying. Naomi Cross, as she coaches an ovarian cancer survivor through the Caesarean delivery of her son. Sister Stephen, a nun who runs a nursing home filled with goats, sheep, llamas and chickens, where the entire nursing staff comes together to sing for a dying resident. Filmed over 3 years in Homs, accompanying 2 outstanding young men from the time they were only dreaming of freedom to the time when they are forced to change course. Basset, the 19yo national football team goalkeeper, who became an outspoken demonstration leader in the city, then an icon revolution singer, till he becomes a fighter... a militia leader. Ossama, his 24yo friend, renowned citizen journalist, cynical pacifist... as his views are forced to change, until he is detained by army secret service. It is the story of a city, of which the world have heard a lot, but never really got closer than news, never really had the chance to experience how a war erupted. a modern times epic of youth in war time. Road To Austin, chronicles how Austin, Texas became the Live Music Capital of the World, dating from 1835 to present day. The film builds to a climax and weaves its way towards an all-star live performance led by Stephen Bruton and his 14-piece band. A young man tries to escape a surreal dystopia where everyone wears ginormous metal stilts The career of screenwriter Dalton Trumbo is halted by a witch hunt in the late 1940s when he defies the anti-communist HUAC committee and is blacklisted. This film is about drive. It's about the passion and creative drive of Kazunori Yamauchi, the architect behind Gran Turismo's birth and breath-taking fifteen-year evolution. A documentary-narrative film which looks at real events and personal phenomena of artist Zarko Lausevic. "Laush" above all tells a story of an evil time we've all been through, represents both sides and is made with empathy and respect towards everyone involved in the tragic incident. Through recreations, narration, memories of colleagues and quotes from the book "A Year Passes, a Day Will Never Pass" which the artist wrote during the hardest stage of his life, the weight of his fate is presented. The aim of this project is to portray the life of brilliant actor, who in the midst of great fame, disappeared from the scene through the cruelty of dubious times. Thousands of German families were interned by the United States during World War II. They were taken from their homes and schools, denied "due process" and imprisoned in 200+ detention camps throughout the United States and Latin America. "Children of Internment" tells their riveting story using live interviews with those who were interned, family photographs and historical footage. North Philadelphia, PA - Kev, El and Andy are three men united by one struggle: they are trying to defy gravity. As part of the 700,000 prisoners released into society every year, they find themselves faced with a chilling outlook: 67% of ex-offenders re-offend within three years. What explains this invisible force that keeps former inmates in a seemingly unending cycle of incarceration?  Filmed on the street over the course of two years, Pull of Gravity is an intimate portrait of these three men that confronts head-on the gritty details of lives cut short by poverty and drugs, where dealing is seen as the only route to economic prosperity, where using offers an escape from powerlessness, and where prison is too often the next stop. The film's unfiltered lense captures its subjects as they lay bare their stories, fears, and tentative dreams. After 60 generations, thousands of individual muezzins - those who recite the Muslim call for prayer - stand to be replaced by a single voice broadcast from a radio station. CAIRO IN ONE BREATH follows five muezzins as this Adhan Unification Project takes hold and as Egypt undergoes Revolution and regime change. The story follows five muezzins from when they first heard rumors of plans to install wireless receivers in Cairo's 4,000 officially recognized mosques, through implementation of this Adhan Unification Project (AUP), which since 2010 has displaced thousands. Now, most mosques have receivers installed, though political changes have halted inspection and maintenance. Former muezzins who now perform other duties at mosques, recite the adhan when receivers (all-to-frequently) fail. The life story of Jesus is told from his humble birth through his teachings, crucifixion and ultimate resurrection. Atomu (Shuhei Nomura) was raised by his mother in a poor environment. He is now a young adult, but he stutters and has timid personality. To support himself, Atomu works part-time for a used junk collecting company. Atomu finds inspiration in rap music and his life changes. Narrated by Tilda Swinton and produced by the National Gallery of Art, this documentary film explores Serge Diaghilev's Russian roots, his genius for bringing together avant-garde composers, dancers, painters, and designers, and the legacy of the Ballets Russes. The film includes dazzling highlights from recreations of Ballets Russes productions by major dance companies in the US and Europe. Wolfgang Beltracchi got away with forging art masterpieces for over 40 years. He may be egotistical and nihilistic, but his genius in undeniable. He managed to fool gallery owners, historians and investors with the stroke of a brush. This documentary follows his last days as a free man. A cynical counselor at a crisis hotline finds himself in a life or death situation when a young man calls and threatens to kill three people and then himself. A biography movie directed by Eva Aridjis with Jesus Aceves. Jesus 'Chuy' Aceves and a dozen living members of his extended family suffer from the very rare condition of congenital hypertrichosis. Does sentencing a teenager to life without parole serve our society well? The United States is the only country in the world that routinely condemns children to die in prison. This is the story of one of those children, now a young man, seeking a second chance in Florida. At age 15, Kenneth Young received four consecutive life sentences for a series of armed robberies. Imprisoned for more than a decade, he believed he would die behind bars. Now a U.S. Supreme Court decision could set him free. 15 to Life: Kenneth's Story follows Young's struggle for redemption, revealing a justice system with thousands of young people serving sentences intended for society's most dangerous criminals. Gray Wheeler just lost everything. But it could be the best thing that ever happened to her. After the death of her fiance, Gray moves in with her late love's best friends. While Sam and Dennis do their best to cheer Gray up, Fritz doesn't seem to care. Once Gray breaks through Fritz's defenses, however, she finally sees why her fiance thought so highly of him. As they spend more time together, Gray learns that her chances for love have not died out with her fiance. But when some surprise guests show up on their doorstep, it'll take the love of all of her new friends to help Gray learn that life may be messy, but love is messier. The 1960s was an extraordinary time for the United States. Unburdened by post-war reparations, Americans were preoccupied with other developments like NASA, the game-changing space programme that put Neil Armstrong on the moon. Yet it was astronauts like Eugene Cernan who paved the uneven, perilous path to lunar exploration. A test pilot who lived to court danger, he was recruited along with 14 other men in a secretive process that saw them become the closest of friends and adversaries. In this intensely competitive environment, Cernan was one of only three men who was sent twice to the moon, with his second trip also being NASA's final lunar mission. As he looks back at what he loved and lost during the eight years in Houston, an incomparably eventful life emerges into view. Director Mark Craig crafts a quietly epic biography that combines the rare insight of the surviving former astronauts with archival footage and otherworldly moonscapes. In the questionable town of Deer Meadow, Washington, FBI Agent Desmond inexplicably disappears while hunting for the man who murdered a teen girl. The killer is never apprehended, and, after experiencing dark visions and supernatural encounters, Agent Dale Cooper chillingly predicts that the culprit will claim another life. Meanwhile, in the more cozy town of Twin Peaks, hedonistic beauty Laura Palmer hangs with lowlifes and seems destined for a grisly fate. Eccentric scientist Victor Von Frankenstein creates a grotesque creature in an unorthodox scientific experiment. A daring, compelling and controversial take on the life of prince Abdulaziz Al Saud (Ibn Saud), founder of Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Through an oral history format of in-depth interviews and archival footage, RIOT ON THE DANCE FLOOR bring to life the gritty story of City Gardens, one of New Jersey's most infamous clubs and its larger than life promoter, Randy Now. Featuring the stark and iconic photography of Thrasher Magazine's Ken Salerno, the film chronicles the rise of several different music scenes in a venue for underground music that traversed the entertainment spectrum; from the comedy of Henny Youngman to Nine Inch Nails, New Order to Nirvana. It is the story of musical champions, underdogs and how hoards of misfit kids found an unlikely home and above all, the freedom and liberation of having complete creative control. - IFF Boston Feature film. Lorenzo Odone was a normal child until the age of 7, until he started experiencing blackouts, memory lapses and other strange mental phenomena. Eventually diagnosed as suffering from ALD--an extremely rare and incurable degenerative brain disorders--his parents, frustrated at the failings of conventional medicine, start their quest for an unothadox treatment.  Brother Joseph and the Grotto tells the "true fairy tale" of Brother Joseph Zoettl, the tiny Bavarian hunchback monk who built Ave Maria Grotto, a miniature city of recycled materials in the Alabama woods of Saint Bernard Abbey.  American Weightlifting is the story of a sport in turmoil and the athletes and coaches whose passion drives them to succeed despite the odds. The sport is extremely popular internationally, but obscure and struggling in the US. Amateur athletes and coaches with little or no financial support struggle to compete with the professionals who dominate the sport internationally. John flies over to Paris to find out his girlfriend Elizabeth. He finds a mysterious fashion designer named Lea and her assistant Claire, and it turns out that Lea was Elizabeth's friend in Paris. Lea says to John that Elizabeth married and moved away. The passion starts to appear between John and Lea, when Lea's business partner Vittorio tells John another version of Elizabeth's fate. The inspirational tale of the grandfathers of the fitness movement as we now know it, Joe & Ben Weider. Battling anti-Semitism, racism and extreme poverty, the brothers beat all odds to build an empire & inspire future generations. The bizarre story of Elliot "White Lightning" Scott, who plans on becoming Canada's first action hero with his low-budget karate epic, Blood Fight. This surreal documentary captures two years in the lives of a passionate amateur filmmaker, his supportive partner Linda Lum, and their cast and crew of outrageous dreamers - all striving to achieve success. Documentary about the psychotherapist Irvin D. Yalom. Emerging from the Detroit music scene of the 1970s in a flurry of long hair and sequins, Alice Cooper restored hard rock with a sense of showmanship, while simultaneously striking fear into the hearts of Middle America with the chicken-slaughtering, dead-baby-eating theatrics that would cement his identity as a glam metal icon. Meticulously crafted from rare archival footage, Super Duper Alice Cooper tells the story of the man behind the makeup, Vincent Furnier, the son of a preacher, who got caught in the grip of his own monster. BEYOND integrates the latest in computer animation technology and artistry with original music from renowned composer Jan Hammer. The Mind's Eye, Miramar's first computer animation odyssey, has been described as a "modern Fantasia" - this video steps BEYOND. The true story of Forrest Tucker, from his audacious escape from San Quentin at the age of 70 to an unprecedented string of heists that confounded authorities and enchanted the public. Wrapped up in the pursuit are a detective, who becomes captivated with Forrest's commitment to his craft, and a woman, who loves him in spite of his chosen profession. Feature-length documentary about the greatest diver of all time. Four-time Olympic champion Greg Louganis has faced more than his share of challenges. In 2011, he is far from the public eye and struggling to pay his mortgage. Now, the openly gay, HIV+ world-class athlete returns to diving to mentor the USA Olympic hopefuls. This may be his best chance to regain the notoriety -- and financial stability -- he enjoyed at the height of his career. A global documentary about the perils and pleasures of pastries - and the world hunger crisis.  "This film shows the relationship between calories, politics and powers. If you love food, you have to watch it."  - BronwynMauldin, "The Streetwise Cycle"  "Totally engaging." - Ben Lewin, Writer/Director, "The Sessions"  "A delicious indictment." - Ah-jeong Kim Two cunning and manipulative drifters venture into Farifield County, Connecticut looking to seduce wealthy and lonely housewives. Maverick cop Orin Boyd always brings down the domestic terrorists he tracks, but he ruffles feathers with his unorthodox techniques -- and soon finds himself reassigned to the toughest district in Detroit. When he discovers a group of detectives secretly operating a drug ring, Boyd joins forces with an unlikely ally -- gangster Latrell Walker -- to bring down the rotten cops. Born with a serious eye condition that eventually leads to his blindness, Bocelli nevertheless rises above the challenges, driven by great ambitions towards his passion. The silent pursuit of his daily mission continues. A surprising number of Americans make their living off America's vast rivers of trash. These are America's unseen. Dogtown Redemption tells the story of one river, and the humanity of its inhabitants in Dogtown, West Oakland, a lively, bustling yet invisible corner of California. We follow the lives of three recyclers: Jason Witt, the titan of recycling, Landon Goodwin, a former minister, and crack addict who struggles with his own fall from grace, and Miss Hayok Kay, the ultimate outsider, formerly a punk rocker from a prominent Korean family, now at the mercy of the elements and predators. Through them, we are introduced to the art, science, economics and politics of recycling: what it offers, how it touches the poor and why it matters to all of us. Quique is a successful 30-year-old composer. He does not have the necessary funds to support a broken family. With a sister who is in prison for trafficking drugs and an elderly mother suffering from Alzheimer's, he decides to reconcile his activity with a new job: Drug dealer. This East Coast travelogue documents my journey from New York City to Boston as several screenings plunge me into a maelstrom of social excess and tummy filling delights.  You too can digest this banquet of artists, poets and movie-makers as this foray into fleeting fame runs its course on a highway of film oriented locales.  See the Harvard Film Archive in all its spaciousness and visit the citadel of cinema, Anthology Film Archives, before winding up in a Greenwich Village bar full of verbal beauty.  A trip for young and old who like to sit in one spot and watch someone else deal with the traffic. Deep City is an inspirational story that explores the early days of soul music in South Florida, the pioneers of that era and their lasting contributions to the broader American musical landscape. Israeli documentary, mostly in Russian, about the 2012 World chess championship between Vishy Anand and Boris Gelfand. Follow Cesar Millans rise from impoverished illegal immigrant to celebrity dog trainer to international superstar. Join Cesar as he embarks on his live world speaking tour, films his new television series in Spain and leads thousands of dogs and owners on a Pack Walk in Washington, D.C. Cesar reflects on his humble past, his family life and his ever-evolving philosophy, which inspires people to improve their relationships with their dogs while becoming the pack leader of their own lives. A major change in the constitution has revolutionized the life of thousands of people in Argentina, the legalization of same sex marriage. Following this event Mathieu and Augustin have led a very serious investigation throughout this huge country covering a wide spectrum of the population and asking them to testify about their everyday life and experiences since their coming out and their legal union.The result is a very beautiful, honest and touching documentary. The 13th Step Paris, summer of 1960. Anthropologist and filmmaker Jean Rouch, along with sociologist and film critic Edgar Morin, both assisted by Marceline and Nadine, roam the crowded streets asking ordinary people how they deal with the misfortunes of life. Are you happy? But their real purpose is to find out if people can speak sincerely in front of a camera and how they react when they are later invited to analyze the meaning of their answers. In this sometimes disturbing documentary, the drugs and alcohol problems of the American working class are studied from the perspective of an Irish redneck. When seventeen-year-old Hannah stumbles upon a website about Thinspiration--an online community devoted to anorexia as a life choice--she becomes an obsessive follower of the site founder, ButterflyAna. By the time Hannah's family realizes what is happening and get Hannah the help she needs, the disease has fully taken hold and Hannah is refusing to eat. Will this family be able to exorcise the demon of anorexia from their lives? A meditation on the life of long-term HIV/AIDS survivors who have migrated to form a unique community in the beautiful but harsh landscape of Palm Springs. The otherwise promising young man Asaji (Heihachiro Okawa) and his younger brother Yuji (Hideo Saeki) face blighted lives because of society's disapproval of their illegitmacy and declasse family. Louis Ortiz, a down on his luck 40-something Puerto Rican resident of the Bronx, looks in the mirror one day and believes he's found gold--he's a dead ringer for Barack Obama. With visions of finally living the American Dream, the charismatic Ortiz launches a complete makeover. He dons Obama's trademark suit, adopts his mannerisms, mimics his voice and steps out onto the street as a presidential impersonator. Taken on by a casting agent, Ortiz and a gang of other political impersonators, including a Bill Clinton and a Mitt Romney, hit the road during the run-up to the 2012 presidential election to perform satirical debates for mostly Republican conventions, throwing Ortiz into conflict with his personal political beliefs. As Ortiz struggles to make ends meet, the distance between the White House and the Bronx becomes increasingly acute. The life of a president isn't always as easy as it looks. A group of filmmakers travel to a Kolla community in Salta to film their folkways. We see all aspects of their life: farming, herding, cooking, football, and making music during a Pachamama festival. In the course of filming, the leader of the Kolla community changes the filmmakers' view of what the documentary should be, and at the end of their visit they are changed. "La vida se puede ir amasando, como el barro": As life goes along, it becomes more pliant, like clay. An announcement at the beginning of the film states that this is neither fiction nor documentary, but I'd say it's closer to documentary. Ivan Cohen is a young boy living in Palo Alto, California. Unsatisfied by his slacker group of friends, his love for a girl who doesn't know he exist and a dysfunctional family life, he is struggling to find his place in the world. Based on the book Palo Alto by James Franco. The film brings the paintings of Vincent van Gogh to life to tell his remarkable story. Every one of the 65,000 frames of the film is an oil-painting hand-painted by 125 professional oil-painters who travelled from all across the world to the Loving Vincent studios in Poland and Greece to be a part of the production. As remarkable as Vincent's brilliant paintings are his passionate and ill-fated life and mysterious death. Real Value is an award-winning economics documentary that delivers a refreshing meditation on how business can be used to create value beyond profit; connecting motivational stories from social entrepreneurs working in agriculture, apparel, insurance, and biofuel, with the captivating science behind our perception of value from world-renowned professor of psychology and behavioral economics, Dan Ariely. The film serves as inspiration for any business owner, entrepreneur, or customer who is looking to better understand what happens when a business puts people, planet, and profit on equal footing. Before embarking on a long scientific expedition to the Pacific, Juan takes his girlfriend Gala to the town where he spent his childhood. During the visit, the couple talk about future plans and deep differences emerge. Five months later, when John returns home, he discovers that his life is about to change forever Roque Dalton was the Bertolt Brecht of Central America. His political struggle against the Salvadorian dictatorships brought him into jail various times. He became throughout Latin America a symbol for the fight against social injustice and helped establish one of his country's first guerrilla organizations. A mentally unhinged factory worker must decide whether to listen to his talking cat and become a killer, or follow his dog's advice to keep striving for normalcy. A handsome, carefree yoga instructor has breezed through life, women, and jobs, but when he breaks up with his girlfriend -- who's also his partner at their successful yoga studio -- he's forced to face reality for the first time. A satirical look at LA's yoga culture that stars Josh Casaubon (I Just Want My Pants Back), Paget Brewster (Criminal Minds), and Kris Kristofferson (Lone Star). On 15 January 2009, the world witnessed the 'Miracle on the Hudson' when Captain 'Sully' Sullenberger glided his disabled plane onto the frigid waters of the Hudson River, saving the lives of all 155 aboard. However, even as Sully was being heralded by the public and the media for his unprecedented feat of aviation skill, an investigation was unfolding that threatened to destroy his reputation and career. The tragic and controversial story of Cameron Todd Willingham, who was executed in Texas for killing his three children after scientific evidence and expert testimony that bolstered his claims of innocence were suppressed. A documentary highlighting the Soviet Union's legendary and enigmatic hockey training culture and world-dominating team through the eyes of the team's Captain Slava Fetisov, following his shift from hockey star and celebrated national hero to political enemy. A single, working mother in the heart of the Mississippi Delta sees hard work, education and faith as the foundation for raising her three high school daughters. She is neither a hero nor a victim of society, but rather a simple, hardworking woman who puts one foot in front of the other each day with quiet strength. A contemplative trip down memory lane with one of the leading voices of the Second New Wave of Taiwanese Cinema. Saw Tiong Guan clearly established a very personal bond with his subject, and also found many of Tsai Ming-liang's colleagues prepared to complete this portrait of a quiet yet outspoken artist. A feature-length documentary, Kvadrat explores the realities of techno DJing, using the example of Andrey PUSHKAREV, a Russian DJ recognized worldwide. Filmed as a hybrid between a road-movie and a music video, the film not only illustrates the festive atmosphere of techno night clubs, but also reveals the lesser known side of this profession: weeks of track selection, lengthy travel, difficult schedule. The film suggests to reconsider the stereotype of a popular musician, to find out whether the artist is happy, to ponder what's most important to him and his audience? Shot in Switzerland, France, Hungary, Romania and Russia, the film omits the typical documentary elements: no interviews, no explanatory voice-over, no facts, no figures. The visuals and the techno music replace them, leaving the detailed interpretation to the viewer. The film traces the life and times of Esther Eng, a San Francisco native known as Hong Kong's first "directress." She directed 10 Cantonese talkies. Agnieszha Holland takes Jacek Petrycki on a journey to the places of her youth; she tells him stories of experiences of the past. It is a dialogue of a famous director with the camera, behind which, there is her true friend. The great media prankster, Joey Skaggs, wants to fool the world media AGAIN, and, with the most complex hoax of his career in the pipeline, he now must use every trick in his prankster's arsenal to make it work. Art of the Prank is an emotional journey following the evolution of artist Joey Skaggs-a fierce proponent of independent thinking and the man who has turned the media hoax into an art form. With unprecedented access to the man and his archives, the 95-minute documentary interweaves a current unfolding hoax with a look behind-the-scenes at some classic performance pieces (all reported as fact by a wide range of prestigious journalists) plus commentary from co-conspirators and others. -IMDB Advanced Style examines the lives of seven unique New Yorkers whose eclectic personal style and vital spirit have guided their approach to aging. Based on Ari Seth Cohen's famed blog of the same name, this film paints intimate and colorful portraits of independent, stylish women aged 62 to 95 who are challenging conventional ideas about beauty, aging, and Western's culture's increasing obsession with youth. When Colin Warner was wrongfully convicted of murder, his best friend Carl King devoted his life to proving his innocence. Programming prodigy and information activist Aaron Swartz achieved groundbreaking work in social justice and political organizing. His passion for open access ensnared him in a legal nightmare that ended with the taking of his own life at the age of 26. Through interviews filmed over four years, Noam Chomsky unpacks the principles that have brought us to the crossroads of historically unprecedented inequality - tracing a half-century of policies designed to favor the most wealthy at the expense of the majority - while also looking back on his own life of activism and political participation. He provides penetrating insight into what may well be the lasting legacy of our time - the death of the middle class, and swan song of functioning democracy. The patients and staff of a secluded heroin treatment center must do battle with more than their own demons as a mysterious killer begins picking them off one-by-one. Russia's answer to U.S. box-office hit "The Social Network", the movie tells the story of a pair of Moscow students in the mid-90s who create an internet search engine that becomes one of the largest in the world. Albie Sachs is a lawyer, writer, art lover and freedom fighter during the lead up to the overthrow of the apartheid regime in South Africa. LT: The Life & Times, a feature-length documentary film chronicling the spectacular on-field Hall of Fame NFL career of Lawrence Taylor, as well as his tumultuous off-field life. The documentary will be the first-ever in-depth look focusing on Taylor's life with never-before-heard stories from Taylor, his family and friends, his former teammates and coaches on his playing days with the New York Giants, as well as his infamous off-field challenges, including his trials, and the troubling times that have plagued him throughout his life. Two years after choosing not to kill the man who killed his son, former police sergeant Leo Barnes has become head of security for Senator Charlene Roan, the front runner in the next Presidential election due to her vow to eliminate the Purge. On the night of what should be the final Purge, a betrayal from within the government forces Barnes and Roan out onto the street where they must fight to survive the night. This powerful film explores the resurgence of urban farming in America's cities. Three people as diverse as the city of Los Angeles are fighting to reclaim the skill that has been lost to the industrial food complex and reconnect people with the foods they eat every day. Rishi traded a promising career in Silicon Valley for growing food in his backyard. Ron started a movement by fighting the city for his right to grow food in the strip of land between his house and the street. Adam and Jenna, a young couple, are finding a way to grow their relationship together through urban farming. All across the country urban farming is growing as a harbinger of a larger global environmental movement. But it is special in Los Angeles. Sister Loyola is one of the liveliest nonagenarians you could ever meet.  As the main gardener at the Home of Compassion in Island Bay, Wellington, her daily tasks include heavy lifting alongside vigorous spade and wheelbarrow work, which she sometimes performs on crutches. Loyola and the other Sisters of Compassion follow the vision of Mother Aubert to 'meet the needs of the oppressed and powerless in their communities'. Director Karan Bali's insight into a largely unknown slice of Tamil film history. American citizen Ellis R Dungan travelled to India in the 1930s. He intended to stay for six months, but he ended up living in Madras for 15 years, where he directed many key films of the era. This documentary explores Dungan's life and the profound impact he had upon the fledgling Tamil film industry. After World War II, Antonia and her daughter, Danielle, go back to their Dutch hometown, where Antonia's late mother has bestowed a small farm upon her. There, Antonia settles down and joins a tightly-knit but unusual community. Those around her include quirky friend Crooked Finger, would-be suitor Bas and, eventually for Antonia, a granddaughter and great-granddaughter who help create a strong family of empowered women. The patients and staff of a secluded heroin treatment center must do battle with more than their own demons as a mysterious killer begins picking them off one-by-one. A film about Eric Rohmer, Paris, and the pleasures of cinephilia. Between the late 1950s and mid-2000s, legendary Nouvelle vague cineaste Eric Rohmer made over twenty feature films, short films, and television documentaries on location in Paris. Rohmer in Paris explores his relationship with this most cinematic of cities. Combining elements of essay film, biographical documentary, speculative fiction, and mashup, Rohmer in Paris provides an unconventional tour of Rohmer's films, of modern Paris, and of how we engage with cinema. Tooth &amp; Nail Records became the most controversial record label of the 90s. In early 1993, after watching a handful of HARDCORE bands in Southern California, Brandon Ebel, son of a preacher from a small town in Oregon, saw something special. He took a loan from his grandfather, and with a little cash and even less industry experience, he launched one of the most influential independent labels in the last twenty years. From its start, the label seemed destined to fail. Ebel lived on five dollars a day, but his relentless belief in the music inspired him to transform Tooth &amp; Nail from an insignificant startup to a label selling over 20,000,000 records and breaking bands like MxPx, Underoath, August Burns Red, and Anberlin. No New Kinda Story is a no-holds-barred, behind the scene look at the rise, fall, and rebirth of the iconic label. Tom's Restaurant is a diner located at 2880 Broadway (on the corner of 112th Street) in the Morningside Heights neighborhood of Manhattan in New York City. Frequented by artists, musicians, comedians, students and faculty of nearby Columbia University, it has been owned and operated by the Greek-American family of Minas Zoulis since the 1940s. Tom's Restaurant was the locale that inspired Suzanne Vega's 1987 song "Tom's Diner". Fallen Footwear skate video. Cambodian Son is a 2014 documentary film about the journey of Kosal Khiev from prisoner in America to world-class poet in Cambodia Razing the Bar documents the development and eventual demolition of a well-loved fringe punk rock Seattle venue through interviews of employees, friends, and a multitude of local musicians. Returning for a second Netflix comedy special, Jim Jefferies unleashes his famously ferocious black humor to a packed house in Nashville, Tennessee. When a devastating attack shatters Mark Hogancamp and wipes away all memories, no one expected recovery. Putting together pieces from his old and new life, Mark meticulously creates a wondrous town named Marwen where he can heal and be heroic. As he builds an astonishing art installation -- a testament to the most powerful women he knows -- through his fantasy world, he draws strength to triumph in the real one. Sam and Gray are such a well-matched pair that it is difficult to believe they are brother and sister rather than husband and wife. They both share a love of 1940s movies and dancing, and when they meet Charlie, they have something else in common: They both fall in love with her. Sam must deal with unexpected feelings of jealousy, while Gray struggles to come to terms with her sexual orientation. Anchor Baby is a tale of an illegal immigrant couple from Nigeria on a quest to create a better life for their unborn child. Their dream is to have their baby in the United States in order for the baby to become a US citizen.  With the Third Reich is at his peak in 1942, the Czech resistance in London plans the most ambitious military operation of WWII -  Anthropoid. Two young recruits are sent to Prague to assassinate the most ruthless Nazi leader - Reinhardt Heydrich - head of the SS, the Gestapo and the architect of the Final Solution. It takes place in the sunset days of the yakuza in the 1970s. The postwar turmoil that created the black market and lubricated illegal business opportunities was giving way to Japan Inc. A young Bunta Sugawara takes over as the oyabun of a crime syndicate in Yokohama, where he is struggling to keep operations at the port there alive.  As his syndicate is eroding quickly, a major heavy industries company offers his gang the chance to chase some vagrants out of a shantytown where they are squatting on land where a factory is to be built. The job would secure steady profits for Bunta's crime ring for years to come. However, Bunta and other members of his outfit grew up in the shanty, and they would be muscling their friends and neighbors. This sets the stage for an internal struggle that complicates the violent struggle with a rival mafia organization in Tokyo. Renowned writer F. Scott Fitzgerald is living the last months of his life with his youthful secretary, confidant, and protege who later wrote a memoir of their time together. Facing community misconceptions, four people diagnosed with Tourette's Syndrome find themselves living a fulfilling and ambitious life despite consent and sometimes debilitating effects of the misunderstood disorder. Documentary about the life and career of Australian actor Rod Taylor. A look upon the tragic fate of Falconetti, the star of "The Passion of Joan of Arc" and the way that performance mirrored her life and overshadowed everything else she did. After a traumatic divorce, Ricardo Adler sets out to discover how to achieve a fulfilling and lasting marriage. His search takes him to Rabbi Manis Friedman, who introduces him to Kabbalah's ancient secrets to attain the highest form of intimacy. The film portrays the dramatic transformation of Ricardo's new marriage, and the reactions of other couples to this revolutionary way to sexual connection. THE LOST KEY reveals forgotten wisdom that could inspire society to rediscover intimacy, one bedroom at a time. "Landfill Harmonic" follows the Recycled Orchestra of Cateura, a Paraguayan musical group that plays instruments made entirely out of garbage. When their story goes viral, the orchestra is catapulted into the global spotlight. Under the guidance of idealistic music director Favio Chavez, the orchestra must navigate a strange new world of arenas and sold-out concerts. However, when a natural disaster strikes their country, Favio must find a way to keep the orchestra intact and provide a source of hope for their town. The film is a testament to the transformative power of music and the resilience of the human spirit. In the United States alone, twenty-two Veterans commit suicide per day. Project 22 follows two combat-wounded Veterans on a mission to find hope. Riding motorcycles from San Francisco to New York, Daniel and Doc speak with Veterans about post-war challenges that lead to suicide and the healing Veterans are finding in alternative forms of therapy such as sailing, pottery, education, service dogs and more. During the 6,500 mile journey, our riders interview leading researchers, mental health clinicians and educators who specialize in Traumatic Brain Injury and Post Traumatic Stress, as well as, a leading expert in Warrior Culture and Combat Stress. Asking hard hitting questions and opening up about their own struggles, Daniel and Doc will stop at nothing to reach tomorrow's twenty-two. A documentary on the life and work of Gene Clark, co-founder of The Byrds, whose subsequent career was a rollercoaster of pioneering music and personal disaster. Ten years after a tsunami destroyed a small-town elementary school with all the children inside, a young man builds a mysterious structure out of the school's remains, setting the town aflame with passions long forgotten. England, while the storm clouds of Nazism menace Germany. Robert Watson Watt and a team of eccentric and brilliant meteorologists struggle to turn the mere idea of radar into a functional reality. An accident occurs and we dial 911, an ambulance arrives and we are taken to a fully equipped Emergency Room staffed with specifically trained Emergency Room Doctors. Forty years ago, that was not the case. How did we get here? Our film explores the dramatic history of modern Emergency Medicine, told by its maverick founders, in their own words. The historic take on the specialty allows us to contrast where Emergency Medicine is today with where it began, not too long ago. In a celebration of the trans community in Puerto Rico, the fissure between internal and external is an ever-present battle. A unique exploration of self-discovery and activism, featuring a diverse collection of subjects that include LGBTQ advocates, business owners, sex workers, and a boisterous group of drag performers who call themselves The Doll House, Mala Mala portrays a fight for personal and community acceptance paved with triumphant highs and devastating lows. When irascible matriarch Viola Price learns that her next asthma attack will likely kill her, she is determined to fix her fractured family before she leaves this world. 'New Offenburg' is a portrait of the little town of Ste. Genevieve, MO and its descendants of German immigrants from the Black Forest who founded three little villages called Zell, Weingarten and New Offenburg. This is the last generation of people who grew up as foreigners in the US, learning the Badisch dialect as a first language. Now they are Americans, but still keep their second identity, hidden and unknown even for their own children and grandchildren and the generations to come. "Where's My Food?!" is a new documentary that serves up the surprising truth about waiters and waitresses. Kelly is a sassy young woman who loves performing and dreams of becoming a Hollywood star. Her devoted brother Brian, an actor himself, sets out to do everything he can to help make her dream a reality. As sometimes happens in close-knit relationships, jealousy and co-dependency threaten to break the siblings apart. Kelly's Hollywood is a loving glimpse into a tender relationship. Filmmaker and art theorist Dr. Francisco J. Ricardo delves into the creative mind of the multi-faceted James Franco in this innovative documentary or film essay. As the two converse on Franco's thoughts and process in executing some of his early experimental art and film work, the viewer is privy to these art pieces, some of which were rarely seen outside of a film festival or art show. A funny and irresistible story of a young girl who literally cannot see or hear her mother, even though she is living with her under the same roof. With the help of an eccentric psychiatrist, and a local, accidental hero, our heroine has to grow up, but falls in love and eventually takes hold of her future - despite not being able to see what's right in front of her. In 1968, Donald Crowhurst, an amateur sailor, endangers the fate of his family and business, and his own life, blinded by his ambition to compete in the Sunday Times Golden Globe Race, attempting to become the first person in history to single-handedly circumnavigate the world without making any stopover. Universally accepted as a true icon of the 20th century, Muhammad Ali's phenomenal achievements spanned sport, politics and religion. One man - photographer William Klein had comprehensive access to the events that shaped Ali's legend.  In 1964, the young gregarious Cassius Clay successfully defeated the seemingly invincible Heavyweight Champion of the World Sonny Liston - the manner of Clay's victory and his amazing persona made him an instant superstar. Through this incredible period, and Clay's subsequent rematches with Liston, William Klein enjoyed unrivalled access top Clay's camp - witnessing at first hand Cassius Clay becoming Muhammad Ali and angering the American people with his allegiance to Islam. Forward to Zaire 1974, and the return of Muhammad Ali to the world stage to face another invincible champion George Foreman. As Ali reclaimed the crown for a second time, Klein was ever present, capturing the full story at close quarter. A dramatic thriller based on the incredible true David vs. Goliath story of American immigrant Dr. Bennet Omalu, the brilliant forensic neuropathologist who made the first discovery of CTE, a football-related brain trauma, in a pro player and fought for the truth to be known. Omalu's emotional quest puts him at dangerous odds with one of the most powerful institutions in the world. Live stand up performance from the British-Iranian comedian. Captured on his 2012 'Tour of Duty' tour, Djalili brings his trademark energy to the stage as he seeks to find comedy in the fraught terrain of religious and cultural divisions. The Sax Man tells the story of a beloved street musician, Maurice Reedus Jr. , and how this once rising star fell from the heights of the stage to the humility of the street. As he spends his later years longing for the good old days, Maurice receives a surprise opportunity to reunite with his old band to take to the stage one more time giving him one final shot to show who Maurice Reedus Jr. really is. . . A documentary that captures the sensational trial of infamous gangster James 'Whitey' Bulger, using the legal proceedings as a springboard to explore allegations of corruption within the highest levels of law enforcement. Academy Award-nominated filmmaker Joe Berlinger examines Bulger's relationship with the FBI and Department of Justice that allowed him to reign over a criminal empire in Boston for decades. Where does creativity come from? Zen calligraphic painter Alok Hsu Kwang-han proposes that it arises from emptiness, from that silent space where the intelligence prior to thought resides. Armed with rice paper, ink, brush and a collection of Zen koans and teachings, Alok opens the door to a world of magical brush strokes and enchanted students. On the verge of his 75th birthday and with a new love in his life, Alok employs his teachings to confront his own personal history. Through his workshops and his art we share a journey of transformation that becomes possible when we are simply 'present, available, playful, and not knowing.' Through Alok we discover that 'in a clear heart, no mountain hides the moon.' Former Los Angeles gang leaders unite to stop the violence they were once a part of. We capture the summer of 2013 as these men strive to break the cycle of retaliation killing and rebuild a sense of hope in their communities. Road to Eden is the story of the inspirational journey of Dan Nichols, a tour de force of modern Jewish music and the journey that changed his life. Two rival gangs fight for control of Frazier Park -- a deadly arena in competitive dance-fight video game "Beat-Beat Revolution." Auld Lang Syne is a 1937 British historical drama film directed by James A. Fitzpatrick. It portrays the life of the eighteenth century Scottish poet Robert Burns. A husband and wife, who both have PTSD (one from Vietnam, the other from the Gulf), must deal with financial hardship and Bureaucratic insensitivity in addition to the disease itself. The story of how a small boxing gym in rural South Carolina has impacted the national boxing scene. A profile of Hip-Hop producer 9th Wonder as he accepts a position as a Harvard Fellow. When fun-loving American agents Dennis Quaid and Kathleen Turner are called back from maternity leave for a special assignment in New Orleans, the spy parents decide to skip the sitter and give their bouncing baby girl the adventure of a lifetime. There's nothing to the dumb story about a deadly arms dealer in the Louisiana Bayou, but you'd be hard put to find a friskier pair of doting parents. There is not often that we can hear Ghostrider say anything, but this time he did, more then once; "What the fuck"...  Why? You will understand when you see the movie... Comedian Jef Foxworthy is back and better than ever! The Incomplete Deer Hunter 3 is pure, uncontrolled chaos with bigger laughs. Billy &amp; Willy once again host the "award-winning" Spotlight on Deer (they swear they've won awards) with returning guests Ben Gordon, Daryl Blanda and Marvie Wafflehouse. What they didn't count on was a visit from the S.W.A.T. Team! Buck and Coach Buck once again are caught basking in the glory of another successful season... uh, until Coach Buck finds love on the internet! Foxworthy unveils "This Old Deer Camp" and you'll be amazed how quick (and cheap) it is to make your hunting camp more "user friendly!" Also ordered by the court to attend (and pass) a Hunter Safety Course, Billy And Willy give new meaning to classroom etiquette. Jeff presents a hilarious list of "You might be a redneck if..." and the infamous T-Bone (Willy's cousin/uncle) makes his earth-shattering debut! Plus, more laughs than you can handle! The third, Sicilian, part of the "films of Europe" cycle, Orlando ferito Roland blesse is a multifaceted 'chanson de geste', marked by anxiety and irrigated by hope. Or two viatica: the testamentary document written by Pasolini not long before his death (Le vide du pouvoir en Italie), which metaphorically communicated his political despair about the "disappearance of the fireflies", and that of Georges Didi-Huberman (2009), which, on the contrary, refers to their "survival". Vincent Dieutre travels across the far south of Europe in search of today's "fireflies" who invent a political life on a daily basis. Naofumi Yximalloo Ishimaru is an obscure cult musician who has spent most of his 57 years on the fringes of music and society. Perennially uncertain of what he wants, Naofumi is constantly moving - drawing people to him before pushing them away and setting out alone once more. A funny and often moving account of one of UK music's great lost treasures. Formed in 1974 by a group of school friends from Croydon, Johnny Moped were the band fronted by, and named after, the enigmatic Paul Halford aka Johnny Moped. By 1977 the group found themselves at the heart of the burgeoning punk scene in London and for a brief moment even looked like contenders. Despite being able to count both Chrissie Hynde and Captain Sensible as past members, success was not to come their way and Johnny Moped are now largely forgotten, punk rock's great lost band. Their story is however a fascinating one that, along with some of the era's most innovative music deserves to be heard. Singing cowboy Eddie Dean and his sidekick Soapy (Roscoe Ates) enter into the thick of things when they thwart a stagecoach holdup. Our heroes take it upon themselves to champion the cause of stage-line owner Margie Rodgers (Helen Mowery), who's being victimized by an unknown villain. Dean suspects that there's more to the case than mere robbery, and he's right: someone wants to gain control of Margie's business, and that someone is? A girl faces losing a college scholarship after a sports injury until she gets help from a team of professionals.  Alex Taylor investigates her sisters murder in this erotic thriller. Her sister, Kim Taylor, is a gorgeous girl who's murder haunts Alex. Alex is out of her jurisdiction, but, decides to complete the investigation. As Stitch, a runaway genetic experiment from a faraway planet, wreaks havoc on the Hawaiian Islands, he becomes the mischievous adopted alien "puppy" of an independent little girl named Lilo and learns about loyalty, friendship, and 'ohana, the Hawaiian tradition of family. In 1976, Canadian stuntman Ken Carter declared his intention to jump a mile over the St. Lawrence Seaway in a rocket powered car.  In 2008, Canadian musician Mark Haney declared his intention to pay tribute to Ken Carter in the form of a concept album for solo double bass. In 2011, Canadian filmmaker John Bolton declared his intention to make a "musical docudrama" about both men. Aim for the Roses is a one-of-a-kind film, about a one-of-a-kind album, about a one-of-a-kind stunt, all three of which could only happen in Canada. Activist/author Edward Abbey's legacy lives on in his best-selling books and now in director ML Lincoln's lively documentary. Lincoln pays tribute to Abbey and the environmental movement he inspired, reenacting his "monkeywrenching," and interviewing notable eco-warriors and present-day activists. "Tamara W." is an honest, stripped-down look into the world of voguing, escort business, ecstasy addiction, sexual abuse, and being a transgender girl. The documentary film is a compassionate portrait of Tamara Williams, a 23-year-old Bronx girl with fire in her heart, and too much life experience on her shoulders. In the film, Tamara recounts her life -- from her childhood and adolescence to her days as a ballroom diva and an out-of-control addict. Pro wrestling legend Steve Austin stars as a man with no name, no memory and absolutely nothing left to lose. But when he finds himself hunted by both the FBI and the Russian mob, this amnesiac decides to fight back. Pursuit cannot stop him. Torture will not break him. And with every beating, bullet and betrayal, he'll remember another piece of the horror that took away his career, his family and his identity. Now the puzzle is nearly complete, and one man is about to take back his past...by ending a whole lot of futures. Erica Cerra ("Eureka") and Adam Beach (Flags of Our Fathers) star in this explosive action-thriller about collateral damage, stone cold vengeance, and a double-crossed killing machine known only as The Stranger Rohit, a Gujarati, studies the life of Anthony Firengee, and in the process meets with a mysterious man Kushawl Hajra. A documentary about normal people addressing global problems of hunger and poverty. Among the millions of victims of the Nazi madness during the Second World War, Pierre Seel was charged with homosexuality and imprisoned in the Schirmeck concentration camp. He survived this terrifying experience of torture and humiliation, and after the war he married, had three children, and tried to live a normal life. In 1982, however, he came to terms with his past and his true nature and decided to publicly reveal what he and thousands of other homosexuals branded with the Pink Triangle had undergone during the Nazi regime. Il Rosa Nudo (Naked Rose), inspired by the true story of Pierre Seel, depicts in a theatrical and evocative way the Homocaust, focusing on the scientific theories of SS Physician Carl Peter Vaernet for the treatment of homosexuality, which paved the way for the Nazi persecution of gay men. A documentary about Joao Guimaraes Rosa's stay in Nazi Germany. The film captures the experience of the Brazilian vice-consul in Hamburg between 1938 and 1942, at the height of the Nazi regime and during the first years of the World War II. Using his writings from that time, as well as archive pictures, documents, survivors testimonies, and an unpublished interview with him, the film reveals new biographical aspects of one of the greatest writers in Brazilian history. One man's inspiring story of hope, resilience and survival amidst the brutal fight to free East Timor. The world knows Paul Newman as an Academy Award winning actor with a fifty-plus year career as one of the most prolific and revered actors in American Cinema. He was also well known for his philanthropy; Newman's Own has given more than four hundred and thirty million dollars to charities around the world. Yet few know the gasoline-fueled passion that became so important in this complex, multifaceted man's makeup. Newman's deep-seated passion for racing was so intense it nearly sidelined his acting career. His racing career spanned thirty-five years; Newman won four national championships as a driver and eight championships as an owner. Not bad for a guy who didn't even start racing until he was forty-seven years old. Dora, a girl who has spent most of her life exploring the jungle with her parents, now must navigate her most dangerous adventure yet: high school. Always the explorer, Dora quickly finds herself leading Boots (her best friend, a monkey), Diego, and a rag tag group of teens on an adventure to save her parents and solve the impossible mystery behind a lost Inca civilization. Director Scott Haze chronicles the remarkable life of Charles Mully. A man revered as "Father to the Fatherless," Mully is a one time Kenyan business tycoon turned founder of Mully Children's Family, the largest children's rescue, rehabilitation and development organization in Africa. A photographer follows the footsteps of his two grandfathers both army men who died a long time ago, Pierre the legionnaire and Paul the paratrooper. Through them he explores the story of his family, a history bounded by wars, tormented by silences and the unsaid. In an immodest film, he unveils the history of France, a nation at war with itself. University graduate students and prison inmates meet weekly to discuss literature and share personal essays and stories. Classroom sessions and interviews explode the stereotypes of brutish convicts, out-of-touch scholars and callous prison staff, while offering viewers a sense of hope. Shot on location in a minimum-security facility in Wisconsin, this feature-length documentary pays homage to the power of the humanities, the art of teaching and the possibility of redemption for those shunned by society Vermin Supreme is no ordinary presidential candidate. Promising a free pony for every American, a fully funded time travel research program, and unprecedented zombie preparedness initiatives for a new American Republic, he truly is the people's candidate and the friendly fascist par excellence. "Who Is Vermin Supreme? An Outsider Odyssey" follows Vermin Supreme's raucous 2012 campaign from the Rainbow Gathering in the the Cherokee National Forest to the Democratic and Republican National Conventions to Occupy Wall Street protests, and all the way to heart of the American Empire in Washington, DC. From the unsettling gravitas of marauding riot police to the unbridled joy of songs sung for police officers and pranks played on anti-abortion fanatics, "Who Is Vermin Supreme?" is certain to show you America as you've never seen it before. With their golden era long behind them, comedy duo Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy embark on a variety hall tour of Britain and Ireland. Despite the pressures of a hectic schedule, and with the support of their wives Lucille and Ida - a formidable double act in their own right - the pair's love of performing, as well as for each other, endures as they secure their place in the hearts of their adoring public Photographer William Yang came out in Sydney in the early 70s, a period of great social change. "I never consciously came out as a gay man, I was swept out by events at the time." He has seen the formation of a gay activist culture in the 70s, the commercialization of the gay scene in the 80s, and lived through the devastating effects of AIDS in the early 90s. With myriad images and his trademark candid narration, Yang leads us though this beguiling era of sexual discovery, politics, love and loss. An atheist goes through a near-death experience in an auto accident before converting to Christianity. The inspiring true story of Seretse Khama, the King of Bechuanaland (modern Botswana), and Ruth Williams, the London office worker he married in 1948 in the face of fierce opposition from their families and the British and South African governments. Seretse and Ruth defied family, Apartheid and empire - their love triumphed over every obstacle flung in their path and in so doing they transformed their nation and inspired the world. For over 30 years, Martin Bisi has been recording music from his studio in Gowanus, Brooklyn. He has worked with many influential musicians, including Sonic Youth, Swans, Herbie Hancock, Brian Eno and the Dresden Dolls. Now though, he finds himself squeezed in by the approaching gentrification of his neighborhood. Filmed in North Carolina, Tennessee and West Virginia, from 2000 until Sutton's death in 2009, A HELL OF A LIFE is an unforgettable portrait of the last great moonshiner. featuring Popcorn Sutton, Jesco White, JB Rader. music by Dana &amp; Susan Robinson, Grifters &amp; Shills, Henry Queen, Ola Belle Reed, Patty Hurst Shifter and Joe Knowlton. Two couples go to a mutual friends wedding, and end up swapping partners. Wilfred Thesiger was one of Britain's great explorers and writers. His greatest journeys were through the world's largest sand desert: the Empty Quarter of the Arabian Peninsula. Inspired by their hero, adventurers Alastair Humphreys and Leon McCarron attempt a journey of their own into the Empty Quarter. Their trip is hastily-planned and low budget: unable to afford camels they instead hope to drag a homemade steel cart (filled with 300kg of supplies) through the ferocious desert heat. This film is their story. Facing eviction the oldest black-owned gay bar in Brooklyn relies on a passionate community in its fight for survival. A lyric documentary of a distant journey from Atacama Desert to Patagonia, carrying a camera and a tripod over the shoulders, from a fog oasis to a bygone estancia in a pursuit journey to find life.  Horacio is a former priest, archaeologist and anthropologist who researches a fog oasis in the Atacama desert which was inhabited by primitive cultures centuries ago. Alfonso is a lawyer who chose to retire to Patagonia to revive an old sheep estancia in decline.  Through lengthy conversations immersed in astounding landscapes, the documentary reveals the strong link they hold with their inhabited place, leading a life of deep connections in isolated territories. Revolving around life, modernity, resistance and change, their stories unveil unique life experiences and singular insights. VEGA is a smalltime wiseguy who teams up with the most delinquent smalltime criminals to payback BARBAS the leader of the gang that betrayed him. Al Nisa: Muslim Women in Atlanta's Gay Mecca is the story of how filmmaker Red Summer brought five women together who sought to establish a community, where there was none, for Black Muslim Lesbians in Atlanta. Atlanta is considered the Black Gay Mecca of the United States. This is a contradiction of terms for most. However, within the Gay community of Atlanta, there is an even smaller community of women who identify as both Lesbian and Muslim. Have laptop, will travel.  A documentary chronicling the stories of people living and traveling the world, all while working remotely. Near the Catalan village of Argelaguer, Garrell spent 45 years building spectacular jungle structures, tree houses, waterfalls and labyrinths with his bare hands. In the meantime, he made Tarzan films with local kids. An ode to the creative urge - and compulsion. Women workers in textiles talk about their works while being focused by six artists and film makers in 5 countries. Who are they? Why do they engage in textile? We take time to listen, to see, and let the film mingles the sights. We are looking beyond what we have already known, wish to meet women who have their fingers on the pulse of textile industry. The film wonders through a world factory, along with the women, to labor, to live, to revolt unexpectedly. The picture of women and the work changes by then. Before Dawn charts the years of exile in the life of famous Jewish Austrian writer Stefan Zweig, his inner struggle for the "right attitude" towards the events in war torn Europe and his search for a new home. NOW EN ESPANOL is an entertaining portrait of the five dynamic Latina actresses who dub Desperate Housewives for Spanish language audiences in the US as they fight for a more diverse and visible portrayal of themselves and their community. Dock Ellis pitched a no-hitter on LSD, then worked for decades counseling drug abusers. Dock's soulful style defined 1970s baseball as he kept hitters honest and embarrassed the establishment. An ensemble cast of teammates, friends, and family investigate his life on the field, in the media, and out of the spotlight. A master of Japanese animation, Gisaburo Sugii talks candidly about his career and creative process in this rare and exciting piece of film. A documentary exploring the movement of mail art, tracing its evolution from its founding artists to the present where young creators have embraced a medium both threatened and revitalized by the Internet. An FBI agent teams with the town's veteran game tracker to investigate a murder that occurred on a Native American reservation. The early life of Walt Disney is explored in this family film with an art house twist. Though his reality was often dark, it was skewed by his ever growing imagination and eternal optimism. A feature-length docu-drama based on Cameryn Moore's award-winning stage play of the same name. It is an honest and entirely authentic glimpse into the daily life and work of a phone sex operator. Cameryn Moore delivers a thoroughly convincing performance of her own experience as a phone sex operator and explains the way in which it has shaped her thoughts and opinions on societal views on sexuality. A documentary about gay male cruising and public sex and how it has changed over the years. An elderly artist thinks he has become too stale and is past his prime. His friend (and agent) persuades him to go to an offshore island to try once more. On the island he re-discovers his muse in the form of a young girl.  In 1970, Brazil was in the throes of a military dictatorship that lasted 20 years. Persecutions, arrests, killings, kidnappings. The film Seventy rejoins 18 characters of this story, forty years later. The film mixes the excitement of revisiting the past with a vision, sometimes even good humored of everything they lived. Many years afterwards they relive their experience of pain, violence and survival, of rebuilding their own story and continuing to believe in the possibility of improving the world. The fascinating portrait of Ion Barladeanu. The touching and inspiring story of a man who literally lived in the gutter for 20 years - and in the meantime managed to create paintings and collages which are now exhibited alongside works by Andy Warhol or Marcel Duchamp. Set in a timeless mythical forest inhabited by fairies, goblins, unicorns and mortals, this fantastic story follows a mystical forest dweller, chosen by fate, to undertake a heroic quest. He must save the beautiful Princess  Lili and defeat the demonic Lord of Darkness, or the world will be plunged into a never-ending ice age. Medieval erotic comedy in which a young man, played by Manolo Otero, comes to a town where he pretends to be tooth-puller and physician. This man is able to invent any potion to quench the sexual thirst of locals. The story of Ohad Naharin, renowned choreographer and artistic director of the Batsheva Dance Company, an artistic genius who redefined the language of modern dance. A native son of bankrupt Stockton, Calif., 22-year-old Michael Tubbs decides to run for a seat on the city council. This inspiring documentary charts his campaign to bring the city back to solvency and improve the lot of its citizens. At a climate research station in the Alps, the scientists are stunned as the nearby melting glacier is leaking a red liquid. It quickly turns to be very special juice -- with unexpected genetic effects on the local wildlife. The story of the five-day interview between Rolling Stone reporter David Lipsky and acclaimed novelist David Foster Wallace, which took place right after the 1996 publication of Wallace's groundbreaking epic novel, 'Infinite Jest.' Historians, biographers and personal friends of Pulitzer Prize-winning author Margaret Mitchell reveal a complex woman who experienced profound identity shifts during her life and struggled with the two great issues of her day: the changing role of women and the liberation of African Americans. Based on a true social event, The Rice Bomber depicts a series of bombing events in Taiwan a decade ago. It is a time when the agriculture is struggling to survive. A man strives to arouse the government's attention and to revive its conscience by making 17 rice bombs. In 1935, 17 year old aspiring actress Marsha Hunt was discovered in Hollywood. She signed with Paramount Pictures and went on to a flourishing career at MGM. She made 54 films in 17 years before a series of unfortunate events led to her being unfairly blacklisted. After the blacklist, she championed humanitarian causes, forging a career as one of Hollywood's first celebrity activists. She was the FIRST Angelina Jolie. As far back as 1955, Eleanor Roosevelt was a mentor of hers as they both worked tirelessly to support the work that the United Nations Association was accomplishing in this country . At age 96, Marsha continues to fight for causes she believes in. Pro wrestling legend Steve Austin stars as a man with no name, no memory and absolutely nothing left to lose. But when he finds himself hunted by both the FBI and the Russian mob, this amnesiac decides to fight back. Pursuit cannot stop him. Torture will not break him. And with every beating, bullet and betrayal, he'll remember another piece of the horror that took away his career, his family and his identity. Now the puzzle is nearly complete, and one man is about to take back his past...by ending a whole lot of futures. Erica Cerra ("Eureka") and Adam Beach (Flags of Our Fathers) star in this explosive action-thriller about collateral damage, stone cold vengeance, and a double-crossed killing machine known only as The Stranger JESUS CRIES is a modern adaptation of the New Testament. The story is set in a fictitious metropolis in the near future. The First and Third Worlds are reflected in one city. The divide between poor and wealthy continually grows. As insurrection begins, Jesus of Nazareth becomes the political and spiritual force behind change. He is arrested, tortured, and executed. After his death, his disciples are thrown into confusion with feelings of doubt and guilt. They fight over the interpretation of his teachings and their responsibility to his vision. Will they themselves move to action? Young Penny goes on a retreat with her psychologist; the intention is to help her overcome her phobia, an intense fear of cars. Unexpected events find her in a nightmarish situation where her worst fears come true. In the early 1970s, the internationally celebrated Finnish guitarist Jukka Tolonen chose to continue his promising solo career instead of joining the bands of artists such as Cat Stevens and Abba. However, by the late 90s, Tolonen found himself living on the street in Stockholm and ended up in prison in 2008 for assaulting his girlfriend. The documentary is a story of letting go, surviving and finding a new beginning. It also sees Tolonen's music live on in the hands of young musicians. Unlucky in love, chemist Paul Matthews visits gypsy Madame Rosa for help. Quickly realizing he is a hopeless nerd, she gifts him with Love Potion No. 8, which makes anyone who wears it irresistible to the opposite sex for four hours. Paul and animal psychologist coworker Diane Farrow decide to test it on themselves. The awkward pair suddenly find themselves alluring to anyone they approach, but soon realize they are most attracted to each other. Rajaram is a small town bank clerk who dreams of travelling to Delhi and becoming a reputed writer. His litterateur aspirations are supported by none except his wife Renu. Glory 17: Los Angeles was a kickboxing event held on June 21, 2014 at the The Forum in Inglewood, California, USA.  This show was Glory's first Pay-per-view event. Main card of this event featured world title fight of Rico Verhoeven vs. Daniel Ghita for the vacant Glory Heavyweight Championship, another world title fight of Marc de Bonte vs. Joseph Valtellini for the Glory Welterweight Championship, and 8-Man Glory Middleweight Last Man Standing Tournament for the inaugural Glory Middleweight Championship. Participants for middleweight tournament were Alex Pereira, Artem Levin, Bogdan Stoica, Filip Verlinden, Joe Schilling, Melvin Manhoef, Simon Marcus and Wayne Barrett.[1] He had always considered making guitars a passion, not an occupation, but in 2007, Randall Wyn Fullmer, an ordinary guy with a cat, turned his lifelong hobby into a full-out obsession. To launch on this adventure, he did what anyone else would do - he quit his high paying job at Disney, leaving behind a successful 20 year career. It seemed to make so much sense at the time! With Disney in the rear-view, Randall launched his self-proclaimed 'Mad Plan' and began crafting small-batch bass guitars full time. From a beginner's electrifying success to near break-down, this is a beautiful, honest and inspirational portrait of a passionate craftsperson who walked headlong into a foolhardy dream. This is a true tale of a life unwound and restrung. Terrence J. stars as Charlie, a playboy who's convinced that relationships are dead. His two best friends, Donald Faison and Robert C. Riley, bet him that if he sticks to one woman for one month, he's bound to get attached. Charlie denies this until he crosses paths with the beautiful and mysterious Eva, played by singer/actress Cassie. They may agree to a casual affair, but eventually Charlie is questioning whether he may actually want more. Intimate, personalized portrait of women of the 1960s through the eyes of one colorful class that graduated in 1969 - same year as Hillary Clinton - and recently turned 65, starting to explore the New Old Age. At a time when these Boomers' parents were asking less of themselves, many of these distinguished citizens are asking more, feeling a Third Wind. Where will it take them? Some are determined to keep making waves. The trigger for these revelations/reminiscences is the class's yearbook. Each photo was a collaboration with a sexy Turkish artist, is full of the 60s spirit of risk, rebelliousness, creativity. Indeed, this yearbook wasn't a book at all. The portraits came to each alumna loose leaf, in a box. Hence our metaphoric title: Unboxed! Written by Anonymous If this were a letter, the return address would be: From the students and teachers of Sita School, Silvepura, Bangalore 560090, India. If this were a diary, it would contain entries between 5th June 2012 an 28th April 2013. I return to my first school and join with the present students and teachers in their everyday adventures of learning. Through the stories that unfold we enter imaginary worlds and intimate relationships. 'Small Things, Big Things' is a celebration of when Education becomes Art. Tomboy and farmgirl Charlene "Charley" Wilson finds fun and adventure with her beloved dog Fuzz and tries to fit in to her small town, while her parents struggle with money and crop production worries. Documenting the true life story of Jake Korell, a 98 year old German born Russian immigrant American trapper, depicting a way of life that may be gone forever but which holds many life lessons in the struggle for survival that are still relevant today. This feature-length biography traces the journey of Heidi Baker, a modern day Mother Theresa, as The Baker's pursuit of the presence of God has transformed a poverty-stricken and war torn Mozambique through love in action. Shot on the run over a period of 20 years, in 10 countries and on 4 continents in war zones, brothels, and Ivy League campuses, from Hollywood to Mozambique, this film chronicles the power of one life fully yielded to God and the truth that love wins. After his wife passes away trying to cross a mountain, Manjhi, out of sheer rage, sets on a quest to carve a road through the treacherous mountain. Olivia Pascal stars as Vanessa who was raised in a convent after the death of her parents. Due to an inheritance she travels to Hong Kong to find out the inheritance is a chain of bordellos A look at the ACT UP movement from its inception to the present day. Actor and comedian Alec Mapa (America's Gaysian Sweetheart) shares hilarious and heartfelt stories about how his life has changed since he and his husband adopted a five year old through the foster care system. No topic is off limits in this raunchy yet moving film of his award-winning one-man show: Alec's sex life, midlife crisis, musical theatre, bodily functions, stage moms vs. baseball dads, and the joys, challenges, and unexpected surprises of fatherhood. "A Culture of Silence," is a documentary feature film about the human condition in Sierra Leone, West Africa. The film follows two independent documentary filmmakers, as they travel across Sierra Leone exploring sensitive cultural issues that the nation deems as untouchable and even a taboo. Join us on our journey as we explore the invisible war against poverty, Sierra Leone's controversial diamond mining industry, a world filled with lost child soldiers living in the shadows, and a world where thousands of young girls experience what they call their 'Secret Pain.' Is there still blood on the stone? Where are the children of war? What is 'the secret pain'? Could the silence be broken in a world where culture is currently at war with human rights? Khalo Matabane spent two years making the film, interviewing those who knew and loved Mandela, and also those who criticised him. Global thinkers, politicians and artists including the Dalai Lama, Henry Kissinger and Ariel Dorfman talk about the effect of his policies and his decision making. Their thoughts are weighed equally with ordinary South Africans like Charity Kondile, who refuses to forgive her son's apartheid operative murderer.  Through these interviews, completed in the last months of Mandela's life, Matabane interrogates for himself the meaning of freedom, reconciliation and forgiveness. By doing so he challenges Mandela's enduring impact in today's world of conflict and inequality.  Thought-provoking and reflective, Mandela, the Myth and Me is a moving film which frames Mandela from a fresh, deeply personal perspective. (Storyville) Two best friends, Merv Doody (James Heathcote) and Onkey (Dan Palmer), take a hapless escaped mental patient under their wing and attempt to teach him how to become a real serial killer. The true story of how a marine seal named Andre befriended a little girl and her family, circa 1962. An aspiring poet in 1950s New York has his ordered world shaken when he embarks on a week-long retreat to save his hell raising hero, Dylan Thomas. Old age will never be the same again. Sheep breeding, housework and politics: Ten women take up the fight against a gold mine. After an environmental disaster they claim damages of the tune of millions, help topple a corrupt government and shape Kyrgyztan's political future. Perfumer Alessandro Gualtieri wants to design his new perfume Blamage by abandoning all rules for designing perfumes. This proves a disruptive process, especially for himself. Will Blamage become a Blamage?  The contents of a black briefcase lead us into a superficially well-ordered life in West Germany in 1970, in a city that can be seen as representative of the entire country. In this briefcase: the meticulous documentation of an affair between the small business owner Hans and his secretary Monika. Ten years after fleeing the regime in Serbia, Marko finds himself defending some of the very people that he fought against while he lived there, including the notorious Radovan Karadzic. This is a story about an 84 year-old-woman trying to take down the third largest industry in the world. Jean Hill, a self-proclaimed warrior, leads historic Concord, Massachusetts on America's first environmental crusade to ban the sale of bottled water. In the 70s, there was Merckx and there were the others. Ghislain Lambert was one of the others. This is his story, a quite simple one. The story of a modest Belgian bike racer. His greatest ambition in life? To become a champion. His greatest tragedy? Not having the legs his heart deserves.  A glass van roams the streets of Beirut. The van houses a camera that explores the city from behind the glass. Through its journey, it becomes a mobile confessional, capturing moments from peoples' lives, all the while searching for something or someone. The confessions are candid, blunt and intimate. This fascinating look at the world of the flying trapeze centers on one of the greatest acts in circus history, The Flying Gaonas. First performing on a trampoline, the Gaonas went on to become the star attraction for the best circuses in the world, including Ringling Bros. and Barnum &amp; Bailey. Long-time Broadway Director (and trapeze flyer) Tom Moore brings their story to life through interviews with family members and colorful archival material. Paris, France. Today Nico has a job interview. The first one in months. Trapped in a system without any direction, Nico continuously questions himself about what to do with his life. Fascinated by diabolo since he childhood, he keeps regretting not having pushed his art further. But during the next 24 hours, unusual encounters and situations will give him no choice but to face his dreams... His imagination will take him on a soul searching journey in which he will meet people sharing his passion and expressing their breathtaking skills. Today, Nico has a job interview. The last one for a long time... In the 17th century a warrior woman fights for the independence of Angola. After witnessing the murder of her son and watching her people being humiliated by Portuguese colonizers, Njinga will become a Queen and struggle for their liberation embodying the motto: those who stay fight to win. United Nations/UNESCO observed in 2009 that the sesquicentennial birth anniversary of the poet Rabindranath Tagore, the first non-European to receive a Nobel Prize in literature, would be celebrated world wide. The celebrations were kicked off by UNESCO in Paris in May 2010. The movie documents messages from world leaders and many celebrations around the world and provides a renewed platform for hope and inspiration through greatest songs and poems of the poet amid wars and strife. After thirty years of marriage, a middle-aged couple attends an intense, week-long counseling session to work on their relationship. Documentary - Nenad Bach was a rock star in Croatia, in 1984 he made the decision to expatriate in order to follow his dream of finding a U.S. market for his music. EVERYTHING IS FOREVER, delves deep into the soul of an artist, who has some unfinished business. -  Nenad Bach, Michael O'Keefe  A detective and a psychologist, each with their own personal issues, try and crack a case involving a serial killer who has visions of demons. A documentary on drag queens, kings, &amp; transgender performers in Columbus, OH who tackle the complexities of gender expression, identity, sexuality, discrimination, family, &amp; politics--all with humor, pathos, &amp; duct tape. In every generation, a torch passes from father to son. And that timeless dynamic is the beating heart of Tommy's Honor - an intimate, powerfully moving tale of the real-life founders of the modern game of golf. The Force Within Us, the sequel to the highly acclaimed and sold out documentary "The Force Among Us", takes us deeper into the Star Wars experience than just the obsession of collectibles and costuming. Exploring how and why this epic saga has the ability to possess and alter lives, "The Force Within Us" centers on Star Wars as a catalyst for spiritual rebirth... finding personal meaning in life... and inspiring positive change. HONDROS follows the life and career of famous war photographer Chris Hondros by exploring the poignant and often surprising stories behind this award-winning photojournalist's best-known photos. Driven by a commitment to bear witness to the wars of our time after the events of 9/11, Chris was among the first in a new generation of war photographers since Vietnam. HONDROS explores the complexities inherent in covering more than a decade of conflict, while trying to maintain a normal life. It also examines the unknowable calculus involved in making split-second life and death decisions -- before, during and after his photos were made. Chris was killed in Libya in 2011, but he left a lasting impact on his profession that is still felt today. "The Original Food Truck," Haven Brothers: Legacy of the American Diner tells the story of Haven Bros. Diner, the oldest operating diner on wheels. The original fast food, the first food truck owned by woman, this late night lunch cart has served patrons for over 120 years. Located in the birthplace of the American diner, Providence, RI, the documentary centers around the fact that Haven Bros. was almost lost to the modernizing of Providence. The diner was moved from its reserved parking spot next to Providence City Hall, and this was considered blasphemy to its loyal followers. In the words of lifelong Providence resident and founder of artists' collaborative AS220, Umberto Crenca, "It's not just the physical reality of it being here, but the conceptual reality of it being not here. What would be missed?" The story of Haven Brothers is the story of the American Dream, the American diet, and what it is to be a success. Written by Haven Brothers Movie Lee Chong Wei is a 2018 Malaysian biopic film directed by Teng Bee, about the inspirational story of national icon Lee Chong Wei, who rose from sheer poverty to become the top badminton player in the world. The film is based on Lee's 2012 autobiography Dare to Be a Champion In this open-letter style documentary, Ruby Dee &amp; Ossie Davis' rich lives guide their grandson on his personal quest to master lasting love, conscious art, and undying activism. The story of a young man who arrives in Hollywood during the 1930s hoping to work in the film industry, falls in love, and finds himself swept up in the vibrant cafe society that defined the spirit of the age. This short follows the political career of Theodore Roosevelt, beginning in 1895, when he was appointed police commissioner of New York City. In 1897 he was appointed Assistant Secretary of the Navy. His charge up San Juan Hill during the Spanish-American War in 1898 is re-created. He becomes vice president in March 1901 and assumes the presidency when William McKinley is assassinated six months later. According to the narrator, Roosevelt refused to be beholden to political bosses, doing what he believed to be right for the American people. Three intimate and candid portraits of Catholics who try to navigate the waters of self-understanding, faith, and homosexuality. Choi Ji Young who is a workaholic is a female lead. Her boyfriend wants to take a trip with her but she doesn't want because she only focus on her work. In scenes set behind closed doors that play out in real time, a fixed frame on adolescents being addressed by authority figures reveals the complexities of their daily lives. Conversely, seasonal outdoor activities like bridge diving, paintball and snowmobiling test unspoken boundaries of safety and beliefs of invincibility. Caissy masterfully allows silence to permeate scenes so that singular actions have great resonance. Almost half a century after Frederick Wiseman's High School, Guidelines provides a fresh perspective on modern adolescents. The hairstyles have changed, but the rebelliousness remains. A cinematic arrangement between documentary portrait and literary text. Interwoven with the moving image and divided into 170 black and white text screens, the work of Romanian author Norman Manea is read as an attempt to have image and text question each other and respond to each other. Buda is mastered by the Turks. Student Gabor and his companion flee a troop into the castle, just in the garden of Gul Baba. Gabor and Leila, the daughter of Gul Baba fall in love with each other. Ali pasha, who wants to marry the girl, has the two Hungarians caught in order to let them be executed. When the matriarch of the family suddenly dies, the custody of a mentally retarded mother is inherited by her young daughter. They survived war, yet over the years, U.S. military veterans from four generations must find their own unique bridge of connection in order to survive and thrive back home. A Hispanic teenager hides out from the law in the home of a good-natured, but rebellious, Caucasian teenage girl after killing two rednecks whom beat him up and left him for dead, leading to a collision of cultures between the two youths. He's known as "Tyrol's Zappa" and a "real anarchist." Whether folk music, jazz or what's known as serious music, Werner "Preisegott" Pirchner has in a creative way greatly expanded upon the limited acoustic range of his homeland, enriching it with some unfamiliar sounds from around the globe. Whoever comes into contact with him, such as Josef Hader and Tobias Moretti, can sense the power of his music, lets it carry them away, and embraces it wholeheartedly. Songs for Alexis is a love story following two young teenagers fight for identity and love for each other in a grown up world. An American family trapped in a horrifying cult, led by a man that 50 million people call God. What they uncovered was anything but godly... The story of French high-wire artist Philippe Petit's attempt to cross the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center in 1974. Traceable follows Laura Siegel, a fashion designer who takes a critical look at the fashion supply chain and  fast fashion industry, travels through India in order to meet and work together with the artisans who create the majority of the clothing that we wear. The film explores our growing disconnect of how and who makes our clothing, thus instilling a need for traceability in the fashion industry. The documentary film on the life and legacy of Rahsaan Roland Kirk - a one of a kind musician, personality, activist and windmill slayer who despite being blind, becoming paralyzed, and facing America's racial injustices - did not relent. A TV-hour length documentary film depicting the relationship between language, culture, place, music, tradition, and magic on an active volcano, in the Pacific nation of Vanuatu, on the island of Ambrym.   The Trace of the Butterfly is the story of people crossing our lives, then leaving, only for us to discover, after a while, that they have not only made a difference in our own lives, but have re-formulated an entire country. Terminal Island, New York: 2020. Overcrowding in the US penal system has reached a breaking point. Prisons have been turned over to a monolithic Weyland Corporation, which sees jails full of thugs as an opportunity for televised sport. Adrenalized inmates, a global audience hungry for violence and a spectacular, enclosed arena come together to form the 'Death Race', the biggest, most brutal event.  This is the story of a small Indiana town, a robbery that turned for the worse, the murders of three innocent construction workers, and the trial that followed. It is an account of a young woman named Charity Payne who would become the focal point of a small town's frustration with the criminal justice system. What caused this young woman to become involved in such horrible circumstances? Who were the three victims? What impact did it have on a small rural Indiana town? This film explores the crimes and asks the question: Without Charity, would these crimes have taken place? Alienated teen Pauline struggles with the pressures of fitting into high school, pleasing her mother and a burning desire to lose her virginity. With a grotesque curiosity for the darker side of life, Pauline is considered a social outcast by everyone around her. Enticed by flesh, she retreats into her own fantasies and hopes to become a great surgeon - that is, if she doesn't go insane first. The movie is a post-apocalyptic horror/science fiction film. the setting is in a near post apocalyptic future where a biological warfare program goes wrong, and turns most of humanity to mindless, murderous creatures. Being a child muxe, or Zapotec homosexual, Tino assumes the role of a woman to reach his teens, to resolve his economic situation and his past,  despite social deprivation. Tino wants to achieve his dream of becoming a "quinceanera" and Queen Muxe. This is an intimate journey into a magical town of the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, lost in the wild heel of Mexico, where femininity, strong women and men dressed as women prevail. Every school day, African-American teenagers William Gates and Arthur Agee travel 90 minutes each way from inner-city Chicago to St. Joseph High School in Westchester, Illinois, a predominately white suburban school well-known for the excellence of its basketball program. Gates and Agee dream of NBA stardom, and with the support of their close-knit families, they battle the social and physical obstacles that stand in their way. This acclaimed documentary was shot over the course of five years. Alasdair Gray is one of the giants of Scottish Arts, gaining a reputation as a great writer, artist, notorious drunkard, irascible interviewee and controversial essayist. In this intimate portrait, filmed over the course of 15 years, he has allowed himself to be filmed creating work that has become part of the living heritage of Scotland. This feature length documentary gets behind the hype, revealing a character who is by turns incisive, chaotic and laugh out loud funny. There is no one better that Alasdair if you want to understand the cultural drive for independence. Bill Dancer and his young companion Curly Sue are the classic homeless folks with hearts of gold. Their scams are aimed not at turning a profit, but at getting enough to eat. When they scam the rich and beautiful Grey Ellison into believing she backed her Mercedes into Bill, they're only hoping for a free meal. But Grey is touched, and over the objections of her snotty fiance. 'South Beach On Heels' follows the onstage, backstage and offstage lives of eight hard working entertainers, better known as drag queens, This full-length documentary explores the fascinating and funny people behind the make-up, jewels and wigs. Learn what it takes to stay tough as nails in an industry built on big hair, big dreams and illusion. Ride along as they search for love, family and acceptance; and try -- if even for a moment -- to make the world more colorful and tolerant for all of us.  Five real-life stories of Olympic athletes of Russia. Five stories which intertwined love, betrayal, friendship. Each of these victories worth hard work, respect and belief in yourself, in your family and to your country. One night in December 1995, 4 tons of weapons fall from the sky over India. A few days later a Danish man returns to Denmark with a grave secret. Only when an English arms dealer is arrested in India and faces death sentence, does the Dane appear in the large-scale international investigation of the case. With reconstructions and scenes resembling a feature film, the docu-thriller The Arms Drop tells the nerve-racking story of two men who gamble their lives on a joint mission with each their secret agenda, and the political, personal and diplomatic consequences 20 years later. James Cameron brings together some the world's leading Titanic experts, including engineers, naval architects, artists and historians, to solve the lingering mysteries of why and how the 'unsinkable' ship sank. Once again, David Graham Scott examines how some addicts use the plant medicine iboga to detox rapidly--and how, sometimes, the conditions in which they detox put them at risk. What is the secret origin of this self-proclaimed 'real-life warrior, adventurer and musician'? How has he gained his tremendous cult following? Steel yourselves for a quest to explore how this enigmatic personality came to be and the powerful effect he has on all those he meets. The real life story of Billy Hayes and Midnight Express. Follows a young man named Albert and his horse, Joey, and how their bond is broken when Joey is sold to the cavalry and sent to the trenches of World War One. Despite being too young to enlist, Albert heads to France to save his friend. A portrait of the man behind the greatest fraud in sporting history. Lance Armstrong enriched himself by cheating his fans, his sport and the truth. But the former friends whose lives and careers he destroyed would finally bring him down. Scottish musician, Edwyn Collins' world was shattered by a devastating stroke. After fighting back from the brink of death, he discovers that life, love and language mean even more to him that he could ever have imagined. S Is for Stanley is the story of Emilio D'Alessandro, Stanley Kubrick's personal driver. A friendship that lasted through 30 years of their lives, helped create four cinema masterpieces, and brought together two apparently opposite people, that found their ideal journey companion far away from their homes.  The gullible buyer Zemla Martin (Francis Smolik) finally opened his dream shop. After a while, you get a lot of friends. Especially the former captain Kyllijana (Vlasta Burian), who come to him to drink brandy debt and sit on a bag of peas, where he talks nonsense. Its debt is starting to grow nicely. Later dupe marry an evil Pavlina Sustrova (Ela Poznerova). It can also bring their calculating mother, widow Catherine Sustrova (Antonie Nedosinska). These two together with a bun Kyllijanem use, but outside him are friendly. Later, when Zemla catches his wife cheating when he has become the father of a foreign child, and when he discovers that the shop is broke and completely vyjedeny, poisoning. A best friend Zemluv captain Kyllijan happily drunk debt for plum deleted. Compiled over two years, an 'on-camera oral history' of Easy Company, told by the veterans themselves. Accompanies the mini-series Band of Brothers. A documentary about the legendary series of nationally televised debates in 1968 between two great public intellectuals, the liberal Gore Vidal and the conservative William F. Buckley Jr.  Intended as commentary on the issues of their day, these vitriolic and explosive encounters came to define the modern era of public discourse in the media, marking the big bang moment of our contemporary media landscape when spectacle trumped content and argument replaced substance. Best of Enemies delves into the entangled biographies of these two great thinkers, and luxuriates in the language and the theater of their debates, begging the question, "What has television done to the way we discuss politics in our democracy today?" Young-goon, mentally deranged and frequently electro-charging herself with a transistor radio, has been admitted into a mental institution. Firmly believing herself to be a cyborg, she refuses to consume like a human being. Il-soon is another patient, who catches the eye of Young-goon and soon becomes a close friend. Il-soon is now confronted with the biggest task - to cure Young-goon's mental problem and have her eat real food. A life documentary of a woman who was shunned for being possessed by spirits as a girl, oppressed for following superstitions as an adult, how she grows to be a great shaman who embraces the pain of all people, and how she comes to be honored as a national treasure of Korea with her outstanding artistic talents throughout Korea's tumultuous history. In the Seventeenth Century, while Hungary is fighting the Turks, the population of a small village in... An aspiring actor in Hollywood meets an enigmatic stranger by the name of Tommy Wiseau, the meeting leads the actor down a path nobody could have predicted; creating the worst movie ever made. A family that survives the genocide in Indonesia confronts the men who killed one of their brothers.  In 1852, the mountain village in Provence where Violette lives is brutally deprived of all its men after the repression of the republicans ordered by Napoleon III. Women spend months in total isolation, desperate to see their men again. In this situation, they make an oath in case a man arrives in the village. Playing Lecuona is a musical journey through the works and living spaces of Ernesto Lecuona, the internationally acclaimed Cuban pianist and piano composer. Serving as guides through Lecuona's music are three of the most gifted Latin jazz pianists in the world: Chucho Valdes, Michel Camilo, and Gonzalo Rubalcaba. Valdes fuses Latin jazz together with Afro-Cuban rhythms in Lecuona's native Havana; Camilo recreates elegant aural soundscapes in New York and the Canary Islands; and Rubalcaba fuses jazz and flamenco in Seville, the heart of Andalusian Spain. Together, these three musicians provide a rich portrait of Lecuona's music and its lasting influence. Entrepreneur Daniel Knoop tries to make investments in the Congo, but struggles to make them successful. A young man challenges the web to offer money for a sex tape of him and his girlfriend to finance his work and finally be able to afford having a child. Is it really wrong to sell our own intimacy in order to be able to afford making our dreams come true? Adolf Hitler, born in Braunau, one man who will change the history of the world forever. It follows his childhood to the death of his mother and his broken ambition to become an artist, then further to his entry into politics. His service in the army, accolades, his writing Mein Kampf, politics and most importantly Germany's revival are well explained followed by WW2. It also covers the effect on Germany's after the WW2 defeat up until the fall of the Berlin Wall. Veteran character actor and Tony Award winner, Mary Louise Wilson, age 79, teaches her first acting class to skeptical members of the YouTube generation, smashing their red carpet illusions and challenging them to bring emotional honesty into their acting. Features interviews with Frances McDormand, Melissa Leo, Tyne Daly, Estelle Parsons, Valerie Harper and playwright Doug Wright, discussing what it means to be a character actor, whether acting can be taught, what constitutes 'talent,' and whether the profession is harder for women. An obese boy named Fat Albert and his friends Rudy, Mushmouth, Bill, Dumb Donald, Russell, and Weird Harold, pulls into trouble when they "fall" out of their TV world into the real world, where Fat Albert tries to help a young girl, Doris, make friends. Pauly Shore Stands Alone is a true-life road documentary. The camera follows Pauly on a snowy mid-western comedy club tour, while Pauly deals with moving his ailing mother, Mitzi Shore, out of her West Hollywood mansion of 40 years. During WW 2, a Basque shepherd is approached by the underground, who wants him to lead a scientist and his family across the Pyrenees. While being pursued by a sadistic German. With musical proclamations like 'Mississippi Goddam' and an iconic style, Nina Simone was both loved and feared throughout the 1960s for her outspoken vision of Black Freedom. Today, Nina is more popular eleven years after her death than ever before. President Barack Obama listed 'Sinnerman' in his top 5 favorite songs, and whether re-mixed, re-sampled or in its pure form, Nina's music continues to empower people around the world with its unrelenting appeal for justice. With new insights into her musical journey from Classical Music and the segregated South, the worlds of Jazz and Civil Rights, through her erratic behavior and self-exile, Nina's legacy is chartered all the way to the place where she found freedom. The true story of pilot Barry Seal, who transported contraband for the CIA and the Medellin cartel in the 1980s. In 1984, American heavy metal band Twisted Sister became a global sensation. For 30 years, they been synonymous with hairspray, women's clothing and tasteless album covers. Until now. Ten years ago, director Andrew Horn was granted access to the archives of Twisted Sister founder Jay French and in We are Twisted fucking Sister he explores the decade that preceded their breakthrough. His teachers, coaches, childhood friends and Barca teammates, together with journalists, writers and prominent figures from the history of football, come together in a restaurant to analyze and pick apart Messi's personality both on and off the field, and to look back at some of the most significant moments in his life. Viewed from Alex de la Iglesia's unique perspective, Messi recreates the player's childhood and teenage years, from his very first steps, with a football always at his feet, through to the decision to leave Rosario for Barcelona, the separation from his family, and the role played in his career by individuals such as Ronaldinho, Rijkaard, Rexach and Guardiola. he remarkable story of the 1960's duo Tommy Boyce &amp; Bobby Hart who created the sound of The Monkees, scored hit after hit and inspired a youth movement to lower the voting age. They were actors, activists, singers, songwriters and pop culture icons. The story of their unique partnership is told through their own movies, photographs and personal archives. Narrated by Bobby Hart and featuring commentary from Tommy Boyce, Michael Nesmith, Micky Dolenz, Peter Tork, Kim Fowley and others. On October 1, 1975, World Heavyweight Boxing Champion Muhammad Ali was in the ring with his arch rival Joe Frazier for the third time. This fight in the Philippines, which has been nicknamed "Thrilla in Manila," is considered one of the most dramatic boxing matches in history - in the words of the voice-over, "They hated each other." With the help of archive material and eyewitness accounts (including Imelda Marcos), this documentary not only reconstructs the match, but shows us what was happening behind the scenes as well. Nearly century-old history, Brazilian animation brings rich and stimulating stories and characters that built the path until nowadays. After a near-fatal accident, on a horse the experts thought was nothing special, a determined rider from the wrong side of the tracks defies all the odds to pursue her dreams of winning a national jumping championship. This documentary is about race car driver Alec Udell who at age 15 was North America's youngest professional race car driver. The American Biker, a modern day cowboy and a symbol of rugged determination. You'll find bikers on every highway across the nation. Motorcycles are freedom machines and wherever you see them, you know the spirit of America is still alive and riding on! After living abroad for several years, journalist John Royer returns to the United States just after the U.S. enters World War II. His boast that he could easily smuggle rubber, a key wartime natural resource, out of Malaya has him tasked with doing just that. He manages to get someone from his past, Carnaghan, sprung from Alactraz and together they head off to South East Asia posing as Irishmen. Once there, Carnaghan lines up some of his old cronies and with Royer and a few plantation owners plans to smuggle the rubber out from under the Japanese army's watchful eye. Seattle filmmaker Ward Serrill (The Heart of the Game, Miramax) follows one man's quest to integrate modern science and ancient mysticism through sound. It features the extraordinary life and work of country singer turned brain scientist and shaman of sound, Tom Kenyon, as he journeys from his homeland of Orcas island to the stage on Broadway, giant caves in the south of France, the golden-chandeliered symphony halls of Vienna and finally to the snowy peaks of Tibet. Filmed over the course of ten years, How Sweet the Sound tells the story of The Blind Boys of Alabama - who met as children in the 1930s at a segregated state-run vocational school and would become one of the last great gospel groups. Shot over a period of ten years-the surviving band members relive their unlikely success story as we see a rare, and frank view of life on the road with these renowned performers now in their 70s and 80s The story of a young science-writer at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, who risked everything by blowing the whistle on a massive cover-up involving a promising cancer therapy. An impassioned plea for the release of a young man sentenced to die in an Illinois prison. A scientist in a surrealist society kidnaps children to steal their dreams, hoping that they slow his aging process. SEX AND BROADCASTING is a feature length documentary about New Jersey's WFMU, the world's strangest and most unique radio station, and one man's attempt to keep it alive in the face of recession, the persistent threat of commercial media, and the challenges that come with keeping a rebellious group of outsiders together. FREEWAY: CRACK IN THE SYSTEM tells the story of broken dreams, drug dealers, dirty cops, and government complicity--more compelling than fiction, it's the real story behind America's longest war. This documentary by award-winning filmmaker Marc Levin (SLAM, Mr. Untouchable, Brick City) exposes how the infiltration of crack cocaine destroyed inner-city neighborhoods across the country. At the center of it all is the rise, fall and redemption of Freeway Rick Ross, a street hustler who became the King of Crack, and journalist Gary Webb, who broke the story of the CIA's complicity in the drug war. Featuring exclusive interviews with Freeway Rick Ross, not to be confused with the rapper who took his name Pulitzer Prize winning journalist Gary Webb, his source Coral Baca, and wife Susan Webb former Los Angeles Deputy Sheriff Roberto Juarez drug trafficker Julio Zavala and many more. Time Is Illmatic is a feature length documentary film that delves deep into the making of Nas' 1994 debut album, Illmatic, and the social conditions that influenced its creation. A young nurse downloads an app that tells her she only has three days to live. With time ticking away and a mysterious figure haunting her, she must find a way to save her life before time runs out. One billion people on our planet--one in six--live in shantytowns, slums or squats. Slums: Cities of Tomorrow challenges conventional thinking to propose that slums are in fact the solution, not the problem, to urban overcrowding caused by the massive migration of people to cities. (Lynne Fernie, HotDocs) 20 Moves is the story of how the best-selling puzzle toy came to market and the impact it had on the world around it.  Tom Kremer stumbled upon an unwanted, unpatented puzzle game at the Nuremberg Toy Fair in 1979. It had been invented in Hungary in 1974 by Professor Erno Rubik who used it as a pedagogical aid for his architecture students and would go on to be played with by 1/5th of the world's population. We explore the cube's story - from its creation behind the Iron Curtain to the role it played in the fall of communism and the creation of free market trading in the former communist nations. We show how the cube was brought to the west - how it was introduced and marketed and what caused it to be the biggest fad of the 1980's. The cube would go on to symbolize an entire generation like nothing before it. The many faces, layers, and sides of 20 Moves is exactly like the cube. With each act our audience discovers another twist, another turn, another solve in the history of the Cube. For four years (1977-1981) Esaias Baitel documented a violent Parisian neo-Nazi gang. Having gained their trust, he was able to get close to them. Living among the gang members, he witnessed horrific events, and while hiding his real identity, he photographed a one-of-a-kind collection of gripping stills.  Over thirty years have passed. Esaias Baitel has laid his camera down. He returns to the dark nights he spent in the City of Lights, the city where he lived a double life, going back and forth from the gang to the young family he had just started. In 2002, cable news producer Kim Barker decides to shake up her routine by taking a daring new assignment in Kabul, Afghanistan. Dislodged from her comfortable American lifestyle, Barker finds herself in the middle of an out-of-control war zone. Luckily, she meets Tanya Vanderpoel, a fellow journalist who takes the shell-shocked reporter under her wing. Amid the militants, warlords and nighttime partying, Barker discovers the key to becoming a successful correspondent. A middle-aged lady on a holiday in the sun tries to make new friends and have a good time. The role is played by a one year old girl, the rest of the cast are marionette puppets. Learn spanish play words Filmmaker Landon Van Soest's thought documentary explores how massive international efforts to alleviate poverty in Africa may be undermining the very communities they aim to benefit. Intimate portraits of three individuals living in the poorest areas of Kenya, Good Fortune explores how massive, international efforts to alleviate poverty in Africa may be undermining the very communities they aim to benefit. Biographical story about a 23 year old guy who is a heroin addict, and how it's ruining his life. Frackman tells the story of accidental activist Dayne Pratzky and his struggle against international gas companies. Australia will soon become the world's biggest gas exporter as more than 30,000 'fracked' wells are sunk in the state of Queensland where Dayne lives. He and his neighbours have unwittingly become the centre of a massive industrial landscape and they have no legal right to stop mining on their land. Dayne embarks on a journey that transforms him from conservative pig-shooter to sophisticated global activist as the Frackman. He meets the people drawn into a battle that is crossing the ideological divide, bringing together a peculiar alliance of farmers, activists and political conservatives. Along the way Dayne encounters love, tragedy and triumph. 3D printing is changing the world - from printing guns and human organs to dismantling the world's industrial infrastructure by enabling home manufacturing. The 3D Printing revolution has begun. Who will make it? Miraculous story of Japanese pianist blind from birth, who has become a symbol of Hope for all those with disabilities, hurdles to overcome, and problems in life. Performing throughout the world as a musical ambassador for his country, Nobuyuki Tsujii, or 'Nobu' as he is called by millions on fans with 'Nobu Fever', his is a story about the power of music. The Collective Evolution III is a powerful documentary that explores a revolutionary shift affecting every aspect of our planet. As the shift hits the fan, people are becoming more aware of the control structures that prevent us from experiencing our full potential. CE3 uses a different level of consciousness and scientific facts to bring clarity about the shift while dispelling myths about our true nature. It offers practical steps that we can implement right now to transition out of survival mode and into our more natural state of peace and co-operation . CE3 includes fascinating interviews with revolutionary speakers and people who are already opting out of the current socioeconomic system. The film examines hidden technologies and exciting alternatives for a bright limitless future. Fifty years have passed since the beginning of the Vietnam War. The politics and casualties are history yet deep scars remain between those who served and those who fought a different war at home. In Missoula, Montana, a mysterious graffiti peace symbol inflamed the enduring animosity, dividing a community for decades. Through the courageous acts of a Vietnam veteran and a peace advocate, BEYOND THE DIVIDE illuminates a path to healing old wounds and demonstrates authentic peacebuilding. The story inspires audiences to take courageous first steps to reach beyond polarization in search of what unites us instead of what divides us. Lutz schelhorn is an artist and photographer. He also happens to be the president of the Stuttgart hells angels charter. An effort to solve two lifelong mysteries---who was David Whiting (who died mysteriously in an Arizona motel during a Hollywood film shoot) and what was the cause of his death? And what was the mythic 'Cesar Romero joke' which all the filmmaker's classmates still remember as utterly hilarious (but nobody can recall what the joke actually was)? A macho toy arcade prize is quick to judge a young girl who wants to win him, and goes on a life changing journey in attempt to stop her from winning enough tickets and taking him home. Zinedine, not yet 16, had never thought about becoming an actor and playing the lead role in a feature. He was training at his boxing club in Aubervilliers, when Cynthia invites him to come to a casting. Helier chose him. A brother's journey to unravel the truth about the mythic death and little known life of Kitty Genovese, who was reportedly murdered in front of 38 witnesses and has become the face of urban apathy. Join the sisters of the House of Bushwig as they launch a new drag festival in Bushwick, Brooklyn, joining a long historical tradition of drag arts sub-culture in New York City. Get a glimpse of their joys, their struggles and their culture as we delve into the world of Brooklyn drag in 2013. Set in a timeless mythical forest inhabited by fairies, goblins, unicorns and mortals, this fantastic story follows a mystical forest dweller, chosen by fate, to undertake a heroic quest. He must save the beautiful Princess  Lili and defeat the demonic Lord of Darkness, or the world will be plunged into a never-ending ice age. Moleman 3 is a documentary diary about a journey from the underground to the cultural surface.  Music styles and artists ignored by record labels and the mainstream media didn't have much chance of getting wide recognition back in the day. The digital revolution changed everything. The internet and digital technology, accessible to everyone, reshaped the music industry completely. The significance of record labels which controlled mainstream music has changed and decayed. For genres building themselves up from the bottom, success was once unimaginable without a record label and money. As of today, thanks to the digital revolution, it can easily be done. Produced in High Definition, with rare archive footage. Queen Elizabeth II has reigned for 60 years as the Queen of Great Britain and the Commonwealth. The Queen, who has witnessed incredible social, political and cultural changes in her reign, has retained the purpose and dignity of the British Monarchy. From the death of her father King George VI, to the marriage of Prince William and Kate Middleton, this is the true story of how the young Princess became a great Queen. Vandolph plays big city streetwise kid who shacks up with a bunch of other kids like him in a makeshift home, hull of a bus, where Totoy (Babalu) lords over them as a surrogate date. Together they do their shenanigans that almost always end up in the craziest of misadventures. Until a band of underworld gangsters discover Boy's potential in one of their rackets - as a boy sumo wrestler. The kid obliges. The adventure heightens as Boy, Totoy and their cohorts go up against the bad guys in the wackiest chase ever! Professional killer Holland is forced out of retirement to break a Central American government's political torture ring when one of his friends, a Latin American journalist, is killed. The murderer, Doctor Clement Molloch, is the master sadist behind the political torture of innocent victims. Posing as a journalist, Holland lures Molloch out of his fortress-like headquarters by using his murdered friend's wife and daughter as bait. When Holland kidnaps Molloch's sister, the doctor is led on a wild chase that takes him to an abandoned opal mine where he finally comes face to face with Holland. Boi was originally aimed to relate the living conditions of individuals in countries where political and religion issues hamper everyday life. But Boi became the story of an inner struggle, a quest for who one really is. Boi is the story of a girl who wanted to be boy. Boi keeps tracks of Nitzan's life and body changes, following her through her journey all over the world. But most important it shows us the surprisingly beautiful direction uncertain steps can take. Nitzan unveils who she really is: an amazingly attractive and vigorous young man. This moving documentary profiles a former Buddhist monk who runs a home for orphaned children in the Himalayas, and his relationship with its newest arrival, troubled five-year-old Tashi. A fearless outsider has been searching for love longer than many of us have been alive. A searing account of war correspondent Michael Ware's seven years reporting in Iraq--an extraordinary journey that takes him into the darkest recesses of the Iraq War and the human soul. The story of a 10-week old puppy named Gucci who was hung by his neck, doused with lighter fluid, and set afire. Doug James, standing on his porch nearby, heard the puppy's cries and ran to help. He scared away the thugs and at the request of Gucci's 15-year-old runaway owner, took the dog in for the night. Thus began a 16-year odyssey of devotion and perseverance. 43 years ago Jane Pittman, a promising basketball star at her small town High School, ran off the court never to return ... until now. When Jane stumbles across the Nova United Senior Women's Basketball League, old passions are reignited. Vowing to get into the best shape of her life, she is determined to play competitive ball again. What she never expected to find on this journey is a passionate group of seniors who have decided to 'wear out, before we rust out'. Choosing basketball over bingo, these women come together for much more than sports. 'Coming Back To The Hoop' is a film about the transforming power of basketball and the healing it brings when you connect with something larger than yourself and give yourself over to the team LIMITED PARTNERSHIP is the love story between Filipino-American Richard Adams and Australian Tony Sullivan, who, in 1975, became one of the first same-sex couples in the world to be legally married. After applying for a green card for Tony based on their marriage, the couple received a denial letter from the Immigration and Naturalization Service stating, 'You have failed to establish that a bona fide marital relationship can exist between two faggots.' Outraged at this letter, and to prevent Tony's impending deportation, the couple sued the U.S. government, filing the first federal lawsuit seeking equal treatment for a same-sex marriage in U.S. history. This tenacious story of love, marriage and immigration equality is as precedent setting as it is little known... until now. Javier Zanetti is one of the last legends of world football. In 1995, still a boy, leaves his Buenos Aires to go to play in Europe, in Inter Milan. Quickly he became the favorite one of Inter's supporters, and while the years pass,while many great players arrive at Inter without winning anything, he trains and fights every day with the same force as of the beginning. Until, at the age of 40, he wins what no other captain has ever won in the all history of Inter. The story of Javier Zanetti is told through the voices of teammates, coaches, journalists and personalities from the world of entertainment. And most importantly, by the great Argentine writer Albino Guaron,who has dedicated his last novel to Zanetti.  An epistolary feature film: a cinematic discourse between a British director Mark Cousins, and an Iranian actress and director Mania Akbari which extends the concept of "essay film" with startling confrontations in the arenas of cultural issues, gender politics and differing artistic sensibilities. A unique journey into the minds of two exceptional filmmakers which becomes a love affair on film. The amazing and inspiring journey of Mexican guitarists 'Rodrigo y Gabriela' who at a very young age decided to do only what they loved the most: music. Video Vanguard and "Gay Pimp" Jonny McGovern (of Logo's Big Gay Sketch Show) collects all five viral video singles: Dickmatized, Sexy Nerd, Modified, Man Areas and Texting on the Dancefloor, from Jonny's latest album THE GAYEST OF ALL TIME on this special edition DVD. Hosted by Jonny McGovern and featuring cameos from drag divas Erickatoure Aviance and Linda James and ALL of Jonny's signature gogo boys. PLUS an exclusive behind the scenes documentary on the making of the super sexy Man Areas, directed by Skot Video. We also provide some Extra Faggoty Stuff which contains "The Gayest of All Time" music video featuring fans of the podcast as well as 5 clips of the podcast shot at the Gayboy Mansion in the Hollywood Hills. Toward the end of World War II, two American soldiers fighting in Southern France become romantically involved with a young, American woman. Her background will reveal more about them than her. Daily life in a Marseille overnight shelter. Caught between last-resort solutions and feeling trapped, three hundred men try to thwart urgency. Shooting in Santiago de Okola, the rural Bolivian village where his father was born, Miguel Hilari notes how the place intimidated him as a child. In The Corral and the Wind Hilari focuses mostly on children and animals as he records the stark beauty of the highland landscape while suggesting undercurrents of struggle and toil. Whether recording schoolchildren from the village as they perform songs and poems of resistance or an encounter between his uncle and a neighbour joking about a dog, the distance and formality with which Hilari treats his subjects implies both an admiration for these people and a longing for a deeper connection with the culture of his Indigenous ancestors. Profiles the formation and development of The Hairy Who, aka the Chicago Imagists, a ragtag group of young artists nurtured by the School of the Art Institute of Chicago, whose irreverent lowbrow style gained media attention from the late sixties through the mid-eighties. The Hairy Who and subsequent group exhibitors included artists Karl Wirsum, Gladys Nilsson, Jim Nutt, Suellen Rocca, Ed Paschke, Roger Brown, and their mentor Ray Yoshida. German American artist Eva Hesse (1936 - 1970) created her innovative art in latex and fiberglass in the whirling aesthetic vortex of 1960s New York. Her flowing forms were in part a reaction to the rigid structures of then-popular minimalism, a male-dominated movement. Hesse's complicated personal life encompassed not only a chaotic 1930s Germany, but also illness and the immigrant culture of New York in the 1940s. One of the twentieth century's most intriguing artists, she finally receives her due in this film, an emotionally gripping journey with a gifted woman of great courage. The rock/fusion power trio The Aristocrats featuring Guthrie Govan on guitar, Bryan Beller on bass, and Marco Minnemann on drums will release the live CD/DVD Culture Clash Live, on January 20, 2015. Captured in six different locations in five countries on three different continents during the band s 100+ show Culture Clash World Tour, it showcases The Aristocrats in full flight: Virtuosic, melodic, spontaneous, outrageous, and still having more fun than any group of world touring muzos has any right to have. Vagens ande is a poetic and existential film about persistence, betrayal, grief and love. A documentary film about Comanche activist LaDonna Harris, who led an extensive life of Native political and social activism, and is now passing on her traditional cultural and leadership values to a new generation of emerging Indigenous leaders. Adam, a young Tanzanian boy persecuted because of his albinism, finds a kindred spirit in Peter, a Canadian man with the same condition. Together they embark on an unlikely journey that transcends cultures and continents. Based on the international best selling book. The true feel good story of how James Bowen, a busker and recovering drug addict, had his life transformed when he met a stray ginger cat. Returning to her home town, overwhelmed by the birth of her firstborn, nineteen-year-old Chloe van Heerden tries to come to terms with motherhood. Despite the support from her own mother, Chloe struggles with the demands of caring for a newborn child. The incessant crying of her baby, the growing sense of guilt and paranoia send her into a dark depression. With a heightened urge to protect her son, she sees danger everywhere. The film tells the story of sixteen-year-old Nena, who is confronted with the suicide attempt of her handicapped father. At the same time she falls head over heels in love for the first time in her life with Carlo, whose father has just outed himself. Away from prying eyes of the adults - who struggle with failed marriages, blossoming love and insufferable physical decline - they push the boundaries of their friendship, love and sexuality. But while discovering her own lust for life, Nena realizes that her father's existence is becoming more and more unbearable. Sheik Ahmed (Valentino) desperately desires fiesty British socialite Diana (Ayres), so he abducts her and carries her off to his luxurious desert tent-palace. The free-spirited Diana recoils from his passionate embraces and yearns to be released. Only after being kidnapped by desert bandits does Diana realize how much she has grown to love Ahmed, who comes to her rescue in the nick of time An FBI undercover agent infilitrates the mob and finds himself identifying more with the mafia life at the expense of his regular one. In search of an emissary to represent the American theater at an arts expo in Paris, a State Department bureaucrat (Ray Bolger) invites Ethel Barrymore to appear -- too bad her invitation is sent to chorus girl Ethel "Dynamite" Jackson (Doris Day) instead! Not one to look a gift horse in the mouth, Miss Jackson hightails it to Paris -- with the bureaucrat in pursuit. A plethora of song-and-dance numbers ensues in this Sammy Cahn-scored musical.  The rough-hewn boss of a lumber crew courts trouble when he steps in to protect the youngest member of his team from an abusive father. In Iran, since the 1979 Islamic revolution, women are no longer allowed to sing in public as soloists - at least in front of men. Defying censorship and taboos, the young composer Sara Najafi is determined to organize an official concert for solo female singers. In order to support their fight, Sara and her friends invite three French female singers, Elise Caron, Jeanne Cherhal and Emel Mathlouthi, to join them in Tehran and collaborate on their musical project, re-opening a musical bridge between Europe and Iran. Are they going to succeed and finally be gathered in Tehran, sing together, on stage and without restrictions, and to open a door towards a new freedom of women in Iran ? Set in the Golden Age of Aviation, Andrew Lancaster follows the life and times of his great uncle, Captain Bill Lancaster. Against his family's wishes, he uncovers a fascinating tale of high adventures, obsession, a love triangle and a sensational murder trial. The Great Sasuke chronicles a-year-in-the-life of an aging Japanese professional wrestler and politician who once enjoyed a great fame. Reflecting on his 20 turbulent years as a wrestler, Sasuke decides to climb back into both arenas -- wrestling and politics -- for a final battle royale.  Frank Buckles, a humble man who found himself in extraordinary places. He fought during WWI. In the 20's and 30's, he sailed the world. In the 40's, he was a prisoner during WWII. In the 50's, he bought a farm and started a family and in 2006, at the age of 106, he fought to his death for proper honor for his forgotten fellow soldiers. He was the last voice of his generation. U.S. Marshal Sam Gerard is accompanying a plane load of convicts from Chicago to New York. The plane crashes spectacularly, and Mark Sheridan escapes. But when Diplomatic Security Agent John Royce is assigned to help Gerard recapture Sheridan, it becomes clear that Sheridan is more than just another murderer. On January 1, 2014, recreational marijuana sales began in Colorado. With all eyes on ground zero of the green rush, The Denver Post became the first major media outlet to embrace it and appointed the world's first marijuana editor. Legalization is not just an experiment for society, but a risk for the dying industry of newspapers to hedge its bets on the booming business of marijuana. Ricardo Baca sets out to report on history in the making with a team of straight-laced staff writers and fish out of water freelancers in tow for The Cannabist as it unfolds. Policy news, strain reviews, parenting advice and edible recipes are the new norm in the unprecedented world of pot journalism. This is the first and official documentary about a dancer Changu Changezi from the small city of Quetta, Pakistan. This film follows him on his journey of self discovery and experimentation as he discovers how important his dreams are to him and how far will he go to attain them. British soldiers guarding the Kajaki Dam set out to rescue a three-man team after one of them loses a leg to a landmine. Documentary from Andrew Wall James Brown changed the face of American music forever.  Abandoned by his parents at an early age, James Brown was a self-made man who became one of the most influential artists of the 20th century, not just through his music, but also as a social activist.  Charting his journey from rhythm and blues to funk, MR. DYNAMITE: THE RISE OF JAMES BROWN features rare and previously unseen footage, photographs and interviews, chronicling the musical ascension of "the hardest working man in show business," from his first hit, "Please, Please, Please," in 1956, to his iconic performances at the Apollo Theater, the T.A.M.I. Show, the Paris Olympia and more. Documentary about basketball star Dirk Nowitzki. A doctor committed against the revolution decides to escape in a boat. A criminal friend introduced him to a modest revolutionary family to cover it up. During the events aspects of a society in transition are reflected. A journey through the 1980s and beyond; the story of a band, an era and how one small gathering of outsiders in London shaped the entire world's view of music and fashion. The film is not only a fascinating, often hard-hitting social and cultural document of the time, but a brutally honest story of how friendships can be won, lost and ultimately regained. Free adaptation of Machado de Assis' classic. The narrator is a rich dead man, who tells us about his life and times, making fun of both. A newly hired executive for a multinational corporation is kidnapped at gunpoint. His wife and a detective uncover a much more sinister international conspiracy. A has-been cowboy is given a second chance at the hands of an unexpected teacher. The larger-than-life story of Kim Dotcom, the "most wanted man online", is extraordinary enough, but the battle between Dotcom and the US Government and entertainment industry - being fought in New Zealand - is one that goes to the heart of ownership, privacy and piracy in the digital age. A minimalist interview-film, dealing with one of the most disturbing life-stories from the twentieth Century. An oral history about abuse, resistance and survival. A drama about a young woman's visit to the 1915 Panama-Pacific International Exposition in San Francisco. The film tells the story of the exposition, as imagined through the eyes of a visitor. An intimate window into the artistic journey of singer/songwriter Ana Egge as she grapples with difficult family issues and gets a welcome opportunity to boost her career. How one of the important artists of our time brought a community together to celebrate life in the midst of his dying. It is a story about each one of us and the humor and courage we can draw on to deal with our own mortality. A bachelor afraid of marriage angers his long-time girlfriend by buying a splendid townhouse just for himself, only to find it haunted by the ghosts of a famous theatrical couple, who teach him about love and commitment.  The film was later re-released under the title "It All Came True". It was to be Peter Yates' last film made for cinema, although in most markets it went directly to TV or home entertainment. One of the most controversial, original and loved figures of Italian cinema. The most censored director of all time. An anarchist of the film, a gifted experimenter, an inventor of dreams. A truly great artist. Take an in-depth look at the life and talent of the trailblazing musician who conquered racial barriers to leave an indelible mark on the jazz world. A 13 year old boy runs away from his hostel and has his life changed when he meets a woman and her children. Adam (Robin Nielsen) works as a junior associate for a large Toronto law firm. When a business trip takes him to his hometown of Fernie, he reunites with his old friends, Jason (Viv Leacock) and Theo (James Wallis). Adam gets more than he bargained for when he finds out that, due to a series of terrible business decisions, Theo's ski waxing business "Waxopolis" is in serious financial trouble and at risk of being taken over by an evil developer. The three guys hatch a plan to throw a massive fundraising party to try and save the business. But, with the developer and his son on their back, party permit hassles, and a Sasquatch on the loose, will they be able to pull it off? Documentary about a woman with a korean background living in Argentine. An English rock band from South Africa try to break in to the profitable Afrikaans music market... without even being able to speak the language! Stone Cold Jane Austen is a dark comedy about the trappings of fame and the type of ego it takes to be able to 'make it' - all the way down on the Southern tip of Africa!  This feature length documentary explores the queer side of gaming culture and the game industry's LGBTQ presence. The GaymerX convention that took place in 2013 was a huge step forward for the queer geek community being recognized on a worldwide industry scale. In the same year, more popular mainstream and indie games featured a greater amount of gay and lesbian characters than ever before, helping with visibility and acceptance. The video games universe will only continue to improve and diversify both in its community and industry if we elevate the conversation about inclusion and respecting one another - not in spite of our gay geekiness, but because of it!  Documentary that takes a behind the scenes tour of groundbreaking director Richard Linklater's last 21 years creating his iconic legacy of films from the unconventional breakout 'Slacker' to the innovative 'Boyhood'. Features candid conversations with actors Ethan Hawke, Julie Delpy, Matthew McConaughey and others. 'Hannah' tells the story of Buddhist pioneer Hannah Nydahl and her life bringing Tibetan Buddhism to the West. From her idealistic roots in 1960's Copenhagen to the hippie trail in Nepal, Hannah and her husband Ole became two of the first Western students of His Holiness the 16th Karmapa - the first consciously reincarnated lama of Tibet in 1110. Hannah went on to become an assistant and translator for some of the most powerful Tibetan lamas and a bridge between Buddhism in the East and the West. Planet Earth, 9177. The remains of humankind live in a post-apocalyptic environment divided into only two social classes: the ruling king and the oligarchs who inhabit the Representative Building and the poor of the world who hardly survive in the slums built around it. (Sequel to "Dawn Breaks, Which Is No Small Thing," 1989.) The movie is a love story between Adil and Vera who didn't have a good impression towards each other initially, until they are forced to work together on college project, and start to get really close to each other. It turns out that Adil is trying to get back up after being dumped by his girlfriend Mel, so Vera suggests that he joins a busking competition to win back Mel's heart. But as they spend more and more time together, Vera starts to develop feelings for Adil. When George and her colleagues get a new boss whose focus is on moving souls quickly and enjoying life without consequences, the team begins to break the strict reaper rules. While her friends fall victim to their desires for money, success, and fame, George breaks another rule by revealing her true identity to her living family. F.W. de Klerk was the last President of apartheid-era South Africa. In less than 4 years he went from being Mandela's jailor to his deputy president. Together they changed history for the better and may have prevented a civil war, yet little is known about de Klerk. Through his probing lens, Rossier explores the fascinating political journey and legacy of this complicated figure. The Photographer is an elusive serial killer operating in modern-day Moscow. He leaves numbered tiles at the scenes of his crimes, similar to those placed at crime scenes by forensic teams. The investigation points to the old Red Army barracks in Legnica, and to events dating back to the 1970s. One of the people involved in the investigation is Natasha - the only person to have survived an encounter with The Photographer. Melody Maker Magazine's Chief Contributing Photographer(1965-1975), Barrie Wentzell tells the story of the rise and fall of the magazine, which marked the end to a style of rock n' roll journalism that no longer exit's today. The priest Borre Knudsen is Norway's most infamous anti-abortionist, and much hated for this. He fought for his cause without thinking about the consequences for his family and his children even in the worlds most democratic country. He was an anarchist and provocateur. Underground filmmaker and a cheeky fuck. Several of today's veterans in the Norwegian film industry started their career with him. Yet there are few today who know Bredo Greve. In Bredo Greve - filmrebell you will get to know the filmmaker's marvelous film history. Greve was always ready for a good fight, and he used film to pinpoint problems in society that are still scarily relevant. America's Forgotten Heroine tells the dramatic - and forgotten - story of this country's most famous lighthouse keeper and one of the bravest women in American maritime history. Ida Zoradia Lewis lived and died while tending the light on a small outcropping of Lime Rock in Newport (R.I.) Harbor from 1857 to 1911, saving the lives of more than 25 people - and a prize sheep - from certain peril. Told for the first time on film, this historical documentary provides an intimate portrayal of Ida Lewis from age 15 to 69. It resurrects her story of both fame and isolation, the impact she inadvertently had on the early women's rights movement, and the passion and moral fiber she intrinsically brought to her work as a lighthouse keeper and unlikely heroine. Armi Ratia is the woman behind the legendary design company Marimekko and a worldwide celebrity. A theatre company has taken on the task of trying to portray the life and work of this complex person. The sets mainly consist of the well-known patterns that we all have grown to love. Armi is a brave, risk-taking businesswoman and her passion for her company repeatedly takes its toll on her employees, finances and family. The company grows while Armi's personal life is shaken by suicide attempts and turbulence. In Armi Alive!, Oscar-nominated film producer and director Jorn Donner portrays a fascinating woman with fervent ideas about the new Finnish man, her company, fabrics and clothes. The film is based on true events, it tells the stories of two outstanding personalities of the 20th century - Sergei Eisenstein and Isaiah Berlin, who were both born and spent their childhood in Riga but soon had to leave the city. The film follows the lives of the two characters during the turbulent first half of the 20th century, telling how one of them becomes "the greatest film director of his generation" in the totalitarian Soviet Union, and the other "the greatest thinker of his generation" in liberal Great Britain. It's been 24 years since the serial killer Douglas Fisher was executed on Easter night. This year, a group partying teenagers not only raise some hell, but literally raise the dead. A man and a woman running from their pasts are trapped on a collision course with the future. Frank T. Wells, a newly-released ex-con looking for a few acres of freedom on the rodeo circuit. Scarlett Stuart, a wild beautiful woman on the run from a bank robbery gone desperately wrong. Together they will explore their own personal vision of the American Dream. In the 1970s, a young Australian boy, Timothy, finds himself confused. He falls for the captain of the football team. What follows shows all aspects of a relationship, regardless of gender or sexual preference. Conflict, temptation, and a huge burden which will affect every aspect of their lives. Gunilla Bresky's new film, "I stop time", is a story from World War II that is unlike anything else. It is based on the Russian war photographer Vladislav Mikosha's diaries and photographs. He was filming at the front, but he also visited Hollywood during the war and became a star when he showed his pictures from the front. As Mikosha's Swedish voice in "I stop time" we have Jonas Karlsson. Gunilla Bresky has made several award-winning documentary films about World War II. The most recent, "Night Witches", is about female Soviet bomber pilots. On the verge of achieving his dream career, Tomas allows his older brother Martin Farina an inside look at his life as a professional football player. Martin, never able to fulfill his own dream of playing football, steps into the world of Tomas and his teammates through the lens of his camera. However, the rest of the club has their own opinions, some viewing Martin as an intruder, as he exposes their most vulnerable moments, and their concerns for the future after the game has ended. Fulboy offers an uncensored, confessional look at how the athletes behind the most popular sport in the world behave during their time off the field. At the same time, Fulboy reflexively interrogates Farina's aesthetic choices and point-of-view, as well as the viewer's gaze at the male form.  The untold story of Bobbi Kristina Brown is one of adventure, dreams, conflict, perseverance, faith, friendship, and love -- a love between mother and daughter. A love often interrupted by success, emotional upheaval and drug addiction but an unshakable, During the last forty years, the photographer Sebastiao Salgado has been travelling through the continents, in the footsteps of an ever changing humanity. He has witnessed the major events of our recent history ; international conflicts, starvations and exodus... He is now embarking on the discovery of pristine territories, of the wild fauna and flora, of grandiose landscapes : a huge photographic project which is a tribute to the planet's beauty. Sebastiao's Salgado's life and work are revealed to us by his son, Juliano, who went with him during his last journeys, and by Wim Wenders, a photographer himself. A failed track coach finally finds someone who he believes has what it takes to win. The Comrades Marathon is a 90-k race in South Africa. An aging running coach, Barry, wants to field a winner; he's working with four men from a factory, but when he's fired to make way for a smooth, corporate type, he's at loose ends. Then he sees Christine, a Namibian immigrant who runs to forget her troubles. He offers to coach her and soon she's living at his house, following his diet and training regimen. But his single-mindedness gets to her: she wants a job and a place of her own. Plus, the man who replaced Barry likes her and wants her away from Barry. Can runner and coach (woman and man, African and European) sort out their complex relationship before the race? Written by 33 Days chronicles the efforts of theatre director Sharif Abdunnur, graphic designer Sharif Bibi, journalist Fadia Baszzi and Mariam Al-Bassam, director of the news desk at New TV, as they try to provide emergency aid, report current news of the conflict and help Lebanese children process the violence and destruction they see around them on a daily basis. Masri's film is full of compassion and humanity even as it records the horrible devastation of war. Suresh wants to be a big dancer to fulfill his mother's wish. Vinnie wants to be the best hip-hop dancer. They are childhood friends. They form a team and participate in a national level competition "Hum Kisi Se Kum Nahin" where they are disqualified as their moves are copied and everyone calls them cheaters. Everyone departs to search for jobs.  Suresh plans to remove the negative tag by winning the hip-hop competition in Las Vegas. One day he watches Vishnu  dance in the bar and convinces him to be their choreographer. They audition for people and collect the team. A seasoned farm to table and back to the farm Chef teams up with a prolific Landscape Artist, to create 7 gardens in which they will grow, harvest cook, and serve a 7-course meal for 20 nights, for up to 800 people total. Deciding to do it during the driest year in 65-years, the Chef sticks to his plan to irrigate only by hand. It was a long summer. Two brothers sneak into a circus in order to free their grandfather's horse and fulfill his last wish. The French poet and philosopher Genevieve Clancy (1937-2005) does not distinguish  her writings (radical in terms of both sense and style) from political action against all  forms of oppression and exclusion. Using archival material and the accounts of those who  shared with her the necessity to respond, through their creations and activities, to  contemporary history's challenges, the film tries to reflect the movement of a thought  that dissolves the distance between prose and poetry, between personal and collective  life. It depicts a network of people united in their refusal to accept the compromises required  in our times, who reveal with their work the possibility of another reality "Even in hell, I would still paint." Dimitris Andrianopoulos paints relentlessly. However, he refuses to sell his artwork, he doesn't exhibit and he signs his wife's name. On his 79th birthday he agrees to open up the door to his painting and share his art and thoughts in a documentary film. Over a period of 12 months, the camera records the microcosm of his colors and his life. The film follows his wanderings in search of answers regarding the relationship between the artist and his work, the difficulty of parting with his works, the mystery of inspiration and the unfathomable influence of the unknown The Law Enforcement Technology Advancement Centre (LETAC) has developed SID version 6.7: a Sadistic, Intelligent, and Dangerous virtual reality entity which is synthesized from the personalities of more than 150 serial killers, and only one man can stop him. Charlie Cranehill, an animal liberator wanted for domestic terrorism, emerges from the underground to coordinate a nationwide action as his estranged CEO father tries to find him before the FBI does. The time: 1814. The place: Edo, now known as Tokyo. A much accomplished artist of his time and now in his mid-fifties, Tetsuzo can boast clients from all over Japan, and tirelessly works in the garbage-loaded chaos of his house-atelier. He spends his days creating astounding pieces of art, from a giant-size Bodhidharma portrayed on a 180 square meter-wide sheet of paper, to a pair of sparrows painted on a tiny rice grain. Third of Tetsuzo's four daughters and born out of his second marriage, outspoken 23-year-old O-Ei has inherited her father's talent and stubbornness, and very often she would paint instead of him, though uncredited. Her art is so powerful that sometimes leads to trouble. "We're father and daughter; with two brushes and four chopsticks, I guess we can always manage, in a way or another." In the year 2000, Les Blank, along with co-filmmaker Gina Leibrecht, visited Richard Leacock (1921-2011) at his farm in Normandy, France and recorded conversations with him about his life, his work, and his other passion: cooking! With the flair of a seasoned raconteur, Leacock recounts key moments in his seventy years as a filmmaker and the innovations that he, D.A. Pennebaker, Albert Maysles and others invented that revolutionized documentary filmmaking, and explores the mystery of creativity. With the passing of both Blank and Leacock, the documentary is a moving insight into the lives of two seminal figures in the history of film. A decade after a catastrophe destroyed his family and their farm, momentous news from home compels an exiled young man to embark upon an intense and surreal journey through the broken and beautiful margins of contemporary Britain. When You Are Called To Act, What Will You Do? In 2013, comic book sales reached its highest level in a generation... private citizens worldwide donned costumes as part of a growing real - life super hero movement... and superhero-base movies remained Hollywood's biggest box office draw. What is driving this rising superhero craze in our mainstream culture? The Wright Brothers want an answer. Follow them on an odyssey that begins at Comic-Con, then ends in a search to discover if there are genuine heroes among us. This riveting docudrama dramatizes the pulse-pounding stories of remarkable individuals the Wrights cross paths with in their quest. They represent 4 generations, who play diverse roles - athlete, philanthropist, social activist and soldier - engaging their lives by taking action. The 70th anniversary of the birth of El Santo and the wrestling debut of his son mark the starting point for which El Hijo del Santo will take us into his story. His family history goes beyond the ring through personal memories and records, and brings us closer to his childhood with a father who had a double identity, to the discovery of the hero at home, and the reasons for wanting to continue this legacy. Drop out of school to ride with the Merry Pranksters. Form America's most enduring jam band. Become a family man and father. Never stop chasing the muse. Bob Weir took his own path to and through superstardom as rhythm guitarist for The Grateful Dead. Mike Fleiss re-imagines the whole wild journey in this magnetic rock doc and concert film, with memorable input from bandmates, contemporaries, followers, family, and, of course, the inimitable Bob Weir himself. The characters we met a little more than a decade ago return to East Great Falls for their high-school reunion. In one long-overdue weekend, they will discover what has changed, who hasn't, and that time and distance can't break the bonds of friendship. This film chronicles the career of surfer Dada Figueiredo, whose stormy personal life upended his status as a trendsetting '70s sports hero. This thrilling documentary compiles many of the greatest moments in the history of the Subway Series, with appearances by baseball legends Don Larsen, Cookie Lavagetto and Bobby Thomson. From 1947 to 1957, Major League Baseball's World Series featured at least one New York team -- the Yankees, the Giants or the Dodgers -- every year, with seven of the 11 Fall Classics featuring two NYC teams vying for the title. A crew of scientists arrives on a far, cold planet to examine archaic artifacts of unknown origin. They discover that their German enemies already have a ship there. When they seek their help after a failed landing, they only find the Germans' bodies, obviously slaughtered by one of the archaic creatures, awoken to new life. Now the alien is after them. Within the last half century, our agriculture and food has changed more than it has changed before in several thousand years. New technologies and scientific ingenuity have given rise to genetically modified organisms (GMO) and other novel foods. Some people have raised concerns about the safety of GMOs in our food supply, given their incredible dominance in the majority of our diet. Traditional, organic farmers, have consistently been under attack by large corporate farming interests, who seek to dominate the food industry and run family farms out of business. This film looks at our current food system as well as a variety of smaller, organic options available to consumers who want to support sustainable farming methods. The most powerful man in the world says he owes everything to his mother, Stanley Ann Dunham, the mother of President Barack Obama. She was an extraordinary and charismatic woman, who lived a full life, moving halfway around the world, yet remaining a true American both participating in making a better world and observing it with intelligent eyes. Stanley Ann's personal and public life mirrored (and often presaged) the important political, cultural and social changes of her time. From the Cold War fears, to the Civil Rights movement, Feminism and the United States' presence abroad, Ann Dunham's journey from a small town in Kansas to the remote villages of Indonesia, taught her what it truly means to be an American. Writer and urban activist Jane Jacobs fights to save historic New York City during the ruthless redevelopment era of urban planner Robert Moses in the 1960s. Documentary style account of a nuclear holocaust and its effect on the working class city of Sheffield, England; and the eventual long run effects of nuclear war on civilization. Bill Bellamy's groundbreaking comedy tour brings together some of today's hottest male comics on showcase for the ladies of America. Featuring comics Ali Siddiq, Jay Reid and D'Lai. Inspired by true events, "The 86" highlights the activities of a band of 86 street thugs that were famous for their strong presence in the venezuelan capital city during the 1980's. The story of what happens in between where we are born and who we decide to be, the only place we can really call home. Experimental color film that shows a magician and his assistant making objects and people appear and disappear. Then they stack up some blocks and a moving picture of a little girl appears on them. Susannah Cahalan, an up-and-coming journalist at the New York Post becomes plagued by voices in her head and seizures, causing a rapid descent into insanity. In 1962, the Soviets aimed their nuclear missiles at us. We tried to find their launch sites, but the pictures from our spy satellites showed mostly cloud cover. Tom Haig was ordered to design, launch, and operate the world's first operational weather satellite--in ten months. He had no idea what he was getting into. It's been 50 years and they are finally able to tell their story. Musician Cat Power narrates this documentary on Janis Joplin's evolution into a star from letters that Joplin wrote over the years to her friends, family, and collaborators. Director Sara Broos examines the relationship between herself and her mother, painter Karin Broos.  The Pope's tailor sends his son, a virgin at 35, to Bologna hoping he will find a woman. Nello, a classicist moved by the romantic poetry of Ovid, proves to be a good teacher and also falls hopelessly in love with the beautiful Angela Gardini. Angela, herself recently blind and then spurned by her fiance, uses Nello: she hopes her former lover will become jealous and return to her. Nello obliges, his head full of poetry and in love at last; he's happy to be near her, knowing that she, before her disability, wouldn't have looked twice at him. Bologna or Rome, teaching or stitching, love or solitude - will Nello make choices? Jack Parsons: Jet Propelled Antichrist is a story about one of the fathers of modern rocketry and a founder of the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) which as part of NASA still leads the way in the development of rockets and the exploration of space. He was also an occultist, a sorcerer and a magus. The infamous magician Aleister Crowley the self-proclaimed Great Beast called him son. He called himself 'The Antichrist' and was repeatedly investigated by the FBI. At the age of 38 Parsons died in a mysterious explosion that made headlines around the US. Officially it was a tragic scientific accident -- other interpretations of the event persist to this day. Glossy melodrama starring Lana Turner as a young woman from Kansas who moves to New York, becomes highly successful at a prestigious modeling agency, and falls in love with a married man. 150 years ago, Samuel Clemens spent 88 days in Calaveras and Tuolumne counties in the winter of 1864/65. While taking refuge from the rain in Angels Camp, he was told the story of a jumping frog. That frog made him famous as Mark Twain. The controversial true story of a gay activist who rejects his homosexuality and becomes a Christian pastor. The film is set in the near future, and it looks back on how peace was made in 2013 between Israel and Palestine. It is the story of two businessmen - one Palestinian and one Israeli - who struggle to set up a solar energy company. Both come from societies where there is strong opposition to cooperating with the other, and the film tells how they overcome hostility from within their own families and from the people around them. In the end, they mount a Facebook campaign that brings popular support both to their joint venture and to the peace process. The film was produced by Amir Harel, an Academy Award-nominated Israeli producer, and directed by Sameh Zoabi, a leading Palestinian film-maker. Ben and Liz are a married couple still coming to terms with Liz's recent miscarriage. Too distraught in the weeks after it, she quit her nursing job, and Ben is struggling to hold on to his accountancy job after a round of redundancies. Things are not that great between them right now. In a bid to make some money on the side to help out, Liz accepts a shady modeling job for Philip, an intense photographer who works from his sprawling house in the middle of nowhere. But Philip isn't what he seems... A documentary film that explores the life and career of acclaimed New York portrait photographer Richard Corman and his charity work with the Special Olympics 1921 New York. An immigrant woman is tricked into a life of burlesque and vaudeville until a dazzling magician tries to save her and reunite her with her sister who is being held in the confines of Ellis Island. In this film, director Huw Wahl engages in conversations with artists, poets, curators, historians and Herbert Read's own children, to ask how we can apply Read's ideas and approaches to the commodification of culture in contemporary society. Herlinda Augustin is a Shipibo healer who lives with her family in Peruvian Amazonia. Will she and other healers be able to maintain their ancient tradition despite Western encroachment? My mother will die. Jutta interprets the diagnosis of an incurable cancer as a spiritual crisis. Accompanied by Rainer Langhans, to whom she has a deep friendship since over 40 years, Jutta travels to India and goes on the search for a healing experience from within. The story of Jack Durant, notorious restaurateur and ladies man whose connections to the mafia remain a mystery. Direced by Travis Mills. A courageous homicide detective falls into a treacherous web of depravity after plunging herself into the world of sexual fetish videos in pursuit of an elusive serial killer. A madman has been slicing up bridesmaids all over the city, and Detective Greer English (Laura Romeo) is determined to see that justice is served. As the wave of terror continues, Detective English focuses her investigation on Billy Tagg (Michael McGovern) - a fetish photographer who specializes in the extreme. But Billy isn't who he appears to be, and by the time Detective English discovers he's been taken over by an ancient entity known as "The Tickle Monster," she may already be laughing her way to an early grave. Dive into the life of the father of the nuclear Navy: Hyman Rickover.  Combative, provocative, and blunt, Admiral Hyman G. Rickover was a flamboyant maverick and a unique American hero. When few thought it possible, then-Captain Rickover harnessed the power of the atom to drive the first nuclear-powered submarine, the USS Nautilus, whose trip under the polar ice pack was one of the great adventure stories of the 1950s. Later, Rickover built the world's first nuclear aircraft carrier and the first commercial nuclear power plant at Shippingport, PA. Rickover's achievements made him into a national celebrity, and he appeared on the cover of Time magazine.  Many wonder whether America can maintain its technological pre-eminence and whether we can still build and manage large-scale projects. To understand these issues, Rickover considers the story of the man who created the nuclear Navy as well as the civilian nuclear power industry: Hyman G. Rickover. Under the neon lights in a gay-friendly neighborhood of New York City, four young African-American lesbians are violently and sexually threatened by a man on the street. They defend themselves against him and are charged and convicted in the courts and in the media as a 'Gang of Killer Lesbians'. Ted Williams, the Man with the Golden Voice, takes you on a journey through the heart of paradise and into the depths of darkness. Isla Vista is a prosperous coastal town with pristine beaches, high property values and the beautiful University of California Santa Barbara campus. Isla Vista is also a home . . . to those with nowhere else to go. Houseless is one of the grittiest documentaries of all time, vividly portraying what it is like to be homeless in today's America. For eight months, Pirate, Professor, Clyde, Cliff, Carms and others allowed the cameras to follow their lives on the streets. With breathtaking scenery, timeless music and memorable performances, Houseless is a work of art that is the definitive statement on homelessness for all time. One winter, a pastor finds an abandoned infant on his church steps, and builds 'a drop box' to rescue any future foundlings. A portrait of Steven Patrick Morrissey and his early life in 1970s Manchester before he went on to become lead singer of seminal 1980s band The Smiths. A chance meeting between an Assistant Scientist, Shekar, and an established stage dancer and singer, Anjana, results in love. While Shekar has a mother who lives separately, Anjana has been orphaned at an early age. Shekar's mom approves of Anjana, and both get married. Anjana stops her involvement in dancig and singing, and both spent the next several months on relative harmony. Then Anjana finds that Shekar is spending more and more time in the laboratory than with her, and she decides to take up dancing and singing, which does not auger well with Shekar. Arguments ensue, and both decide to live separately. When Shekar's mom comes to visit Shekar, both he and Anjana compromise to live together to fool his mother. Will they succeed in pulling wool over her eyes? A feature length documentary film about four iconic characters who define the American West. Gary McMahan is a renowned cowboy singer and poet and champion yodeler. Brice Chapman is one of the world's most talented trick ropers and horse trainers. Yvonne Hollenbeck is a fourth generation rancher and award-winning poet and quilter. Jeff Nourse is a rancher, singer-songwriter and iron sculptor. Freddie Steinmark, an underdog on the gridiron, faces the toughest challenge of his life after leading his team to a championship season. A portrait of the American director Jim J. at work on the set of his latest film, Only Lovers Left Alive. Full length documentary covering the growing interest of American Christians caring for children in foster care. Broad in scope - filmed in Georgia, Kentucky, Colorado, and California. Many people outside of the Christian faith have found this film encouraging and eye opening. Legendary special effects wizard Giannetto De Rossi reflects on his four zombie classics: The Living Dead at the Manchester Morgue, Zombi 2, The Beyond and The House by the Cemetery. This exclusive interview was created for the Arrow release of The Beyond in the UK on DVD and Blu Ray, March 14th 2011. Barbarian blood is the story of the struggles, aspirations and dreams of a Nahua community in the mountains of the Sierra Norte of Puebla, Mexico. Through a choral narrative, we'll hear the voices of each of the characters as we follow them in their daily lives. Ohad is an animal-rights activist. After years of being cut off from his family, he tries to heal the wounds and go home, but their decision to eat meat still stands in his way. Will the family manage to reconnect? Canadian folk artist Maud Lewis falls in love with a fishmonger while working for him as a live-in housekeeper. The true story of the relationship between Alan Bennett and the singular Miss Shepherd, a woman of uncertain origins who 'temporarily' parked her van in Bennett's London driveway and proceeded to live there for 15 years. At a secret Russian nuclear missile base, an ex-U.S. SEAL member is planning to launch a missile strike on the United States, and the only way to stop him is with the best of the best. Because of a natural gas refinery leak, the newly formed team must infiltrate without conventional weapons and use a mixture of martial arts skills, swords, crossbows and unconventional arms in their top secret attack. Rich Bower is an up-and-coming star in the hip-hop world. Everyone wants to be around him, including Raven and her fellow upper-class white high school friends. The growing appeal of black culture among white teens fascinates documentary filmmaker Sam Donager, who sets out to chronicle it with her husband, Terry. But before Bower was a rapper, he was a gangster, and his criminal past comes back to haunt him and all those around him. On the eve of his 30th birthday, Andrew, a man with Cerebral Palsy, reflects on his first sexual encounter and how the event shaped his identity as a gay man. The lives and romantic entanglements of a group of young adults who have achieved "overnight" success in Los Angeles. "Naked Eye" is a film-documentary of long-length of the artistic and existential universe of the singer Ney Matogrosso, which proposes to recreate through archive's images in counterpoint with the current production of the artist, thirty-five years of career marked for inventive and transgressing spectacles, always symphonize with its time. Through a coherent boarding with its intransigent trajectory, the film intends to translate the language musical-corporal of Ney Matogrosso, trying audiovisuals resources that express signs evoked poetical politicians and in the repertoire of the singer. A film-song that that looks for to, ultimately, embody the voices of an artist who searches for a nation. The story of the rise to glory of boxer Joe Calzaghe. An imagined apocalypse is presented to us through portraits of people struggling to survive in a hostile environment, where they only have themselves and the only thing they have in common is the desire to live, no matter the cost. Yale University, 1961. Stanley Milgram designs a psychology experiment that still resonates to this day, in which people think they're delivering painful electric shocks to an affable stranger strapped into a chair in another room. Despite his pleads for mercy, the majority of subjects don't stop the experiment, administering what they think is a near-fatal electric shock, simply because they've been told to do so. With Nazi Adolf Eichmann's trial airing in living rooms across America, Milgram strikes a nerve in popular culture and the scientific community with his exploration into people's tendency to comply with authority. Celebrated in some circles, he is also accused of being a deceptive, manipulative monster, but his wife Sasha stands by him through it all. On August 6, 2011, Sgt. Daniel J. Patron, a United States Marine Corps EOD technician, was killed in the line of duty while attempting to disarm an IED in Sangin, Afghanistan. Sgt. Patron had just extended his deployment to ensure that the Marines he was stationed with would find their way home. This film is a tribute to Sgt. Patron. Four Neapolitan and a Tunisian fishermen risk their lives by fishing in waters not far from Sicily. Before long, the camorra learns of their actions, and their licenses to fish the local waters are revoked. With nowhere to turn, they head back to North African waters, but the behavior of one member of the crew starts to endanger the others on board. The partially improvised dialogue by the cast of mostly untrained actors is delivered in the local Neapolitan dialect, which lends great authenticity to the story. Kindergarteners make numerous attempts to lift a pumpkin. Left on Purpose is a documentary film about the friendship between an aging anti-war activist who has decided that his last political act will be to take his own life and the filmmaker who is struggling to tell the story. A documentary following the inspiring journey of 25 yr old, 58 pound Lizzie from cyber-bullying victim to anti-bullying activist Hollywood stars, historical footage and stylized reenactments tell the story of costume designer Orry-Kelly, who ruled Tinseltown fashion for decades. In 1974, 12-year-old Jan Broberg is abducted from a small church-going community in Idaho by a trusted neighbour and close family friend. King Sky (Ekin Cheng), the sole disciple of the Kun Lun Sect, falls in love with his master Dawn (Cecilia Cheung). Dawn is killed when Insomnia destroys the Kin Lun Mountain. King Sky waits for two hundred years and meets Enigma (Cecilia Cheung), who is the reincarnation of Dawn, and in love with her again. However, Insomnia's Blood Clouds is ready to destroy Zu... Simba idolises his father, King Mufasa, and takes to heart his own royal destiny. But not everyone in the kingdom celebrates the new cub's arrival. Scar, Mufasa's brother--and former heir to the throne--has plans of his own. The battle for Pride Rock is ravaged with betrayal, tragedy and drama, ultimately resulting in Simba's exile. With help from a curious pair of newfound friends, Simba will have to figure out how to grow up and take back what is rightfully his.  A young man plots revenge on a killer who slaughtered his family.  Starring Ajay Devgn and Urmila Matondkar! The defiant leader Moses rises up against the Egyptian Pharaoh Ramses, setting 400,000 slaves on a monumental journey of escape from Egypt and its terrifying cycle of deadly plagues. Through rare and precious footages and gigs with great artists such as Gilberto Gil, Gal Costa, Hermeto Pascoal, Djavan, Nara Leao, Luiz Gonzaga, among many others, "Dominguinhos" reveals this genius of Brazilian music, creator of a deeply authentic, universal and contemporary work. The film values the sensory cinematic experience, a journey driven by Dominguinhos his own. Joe carries around a rusty saw and a gasoline tank, he may or may not be a murderer but when he reads his poetry at the Limerick theatre, it affects people in all walks of life. Joe says there is no such thing as an un-interesting life. A film adaptation of D.H. Lawrence's novel. After a crippling injury leaves her husband impotent, Lady Chatterly is torn between her love for her husband and her physical desires. With her husband's consent, she seeks out other means of fulfilling her needs. A family facing the challenges of addiction becomes entangled in the web of a small town criminal organization. Their struggles mount as circumstances conspire against them, pushing toward a dramatic climax from which no one will emerge unbroken. Arjang, a wealthy businessman, is having a bad day. After suffering a theft and a car accident in the same day, he must also try to deal with the greed of the wife he is trying to divorce. When he meets Afsaneh, a beautiful pickpocket, these two very different worlds collide and an incredible adventure begins. A Hollywood star (Fawcett), fed up with her husband's cheating, hires a private investigator to tail him. Emotional support is offered by her two friends - a soul singer (Givens) and a famous director's wife (Gilbert) Olympic aerial skiing champion Lydia Lassila returns to the sport as a mother to perform the most complex acrobatic manoeuvre ever performed by a woman, fulfil her childhood dreams, and make history. The remarkable, untold story of the female film pioneers from 1896 to 2000s who transformed the way we see movies today. A feature documentary about the writer JT LeRoy - Ethically charged, controversial, and confusing, JT's life and death sprang open a Pandora's box of powerful questions about literature and culture, identity and celebrity, and the reality of the society we live in. Fraud? Art? Mental illness? Complicity? The Cult of JT Leroy will be a testament to this bizarre and elaborate story that has captured the attention and fascination of the world's media, and perplexes to this day.  In 1981, an enthusiastic young adventurer follows his dreams into the Bolivian Amazon jungle with two friends and a guide with a mysterious past. Their journey quickly turns into a terrifying ordeal as the darkest elements of human nature and the deadliest threats of the wilderness lead to an all-out fight for survival. A documentary about the urban rock musicians at Mexico during the 80's. Kein Zickenfox! Is about the biggest women's orchestra in the world and how 66 "normal" women manage to put something great together on the stage! Once a week they all meet in Berlin-Kreuzberg: These 66 women between the early 20s and the mid-70s, their 21 instruments and with them the most varied female biographies and life plans. A behind the scenes look into the lives, injuries and sacrifices of professional wrestlers. Combined with Music and Story, this is the remarkable history by Ukranian vocalist Tina Karol herself about the horrible circumstances that turned into incredible successes. From deceit and death to Beauty, Power and Soul. In a world filled with Noise, there is another Sound worth Hearing, and her name is Rachel Flowers. "Hearing is Believing" introduces the world to the life and music of the multi-talented 23-year old musician and composer, Rachel Flowers. Features over an hour of his award-winning show plus special behind-the-scenes footage taking you on a journey you will never forget The Family Farm explores the farm to table process through the lens of Canadian small farmers and identifies the systematic barriers they face in running a profitable farm. In its journey across the country, the film blends extraordinary shots of the Canadian farm landscape with discussions of the challenges and setbacks small farmers endure, as well as the turning points and breakthroughs that have allowed them to achieve success. As these intimate accounts are shared, traditional images of family farmers are redefined as we grow to see these individuals not only as farmers, but as teachers, botanists, and mechanics who open our eyes to the issues that continue to threaten small farmers as well as the importance of buying local and organic foods. The story of the ascension to the throne and the early reign of Queen Elizabeth the First, the endless attempts by her council to marry her off, the Catholic hatred of her and her romance with Lord Robert Dudley. This is the story of a man's bravery to cover the world at war, and what it takes to get images published for the world to see. This is Jason P. Howe's story of survival and change. Da Sean Caddy Show is visual biography documentary of the Author S. Andrew LinZy as he journeys across the world in search of Love Divine. LinZy's publication of 9Eyes 9Deceiving Faces: Return of Da 9Ruby Prince of Ethiopia He was called the Champion of Champions. The strength and strong-willed character Poddubniy composed legends. And 50 great fighter effortlessly overcame young athletes, and questions of honor and justice did not know compromises. And only love could put Russian Heroes on both blades Transgender Parents takes the conversation about parenting and transsexuality to the next level: Some parents transitioned in the presence of their kids and some who transitioned prior to founding families - being out as trans and as parents, in ways that weren't possible 20 years ago. Transgender Parents centers the importance of access to building and continuing parent-child relationship in the presence of a gender transition. It is a tender look at the art of parenting, testimony to some of the hardest relational work in this life. For six decades Angela Bowen, classical dancer and teacher, black lesbian feminist activist, and professor has influenced and inspired untold numbers speaking out as strongly for the Arts, Black and Women's Rights as she has for Lesbian and Gay Rights. The film depicts Bowen's life across the decades, from the early fifties, with historic footage, photographs and interviews including her dance mentor, dance partner, former husband, partner, children, activists, scholars, and dance and university students. Bowen's candid and compelling stories allow us to understand how race, class, gender, age, and sexuality played into her decisions and choices, her mission, and strategies for survival. Passionate Pursuits is intended to challenge and inspire diverse audiences to pursue their own dreams with tenacity and courage, but not for themselves alone. CIA employee Edward Snowden leaks thousands of classified documents to the press. What is it to be a dancer? Why this choice of life? Films about dance, we've seen plenty! Yet, the daily life of dancers remains something of a mystery. We'd like to hear their side of the story for once. There were six of us learning ballet in the hope of making a career of it. May 1997, we danced our first ballet together. It's with archive footage of this event, found on an old, stashed-away video cassette, that this film begins. The years have passed. All 5 of them have evidently become professional dancers. I will go off to meet them, and they will tell me what life is like as a dancer. This documentary feature follows the much-hyped 2012 charity boxing match between Liberal MP Justin Trudeau and Conservative Senator Patrick Brazeau. A behind-the-scenes look at the fight to win, whether in politics or in the ring, gives new, surprising insights into what makes these ambitious political leaders tick, and reminds us that outcomes are never certain. Best friends set out to conquer Hollywood but are ambushed when one of them is diagnosed with bipolar disorder. The story of singer-songwriter Colin Hay, former front-man of Men At Work. We follow Hay from his earliest days in Scotland, through his family's emigration to Australia, to the massive, worldwide success of his band, to the depths of addiction and failure, to a slow climb back up the ladder seeking relevance, artistic freedom and ultimately, transcendence. Until 20 is a life-affirming documentary about facing fear and having the courage to love deeply. Imagine as a teenager you are diagnosed with a rare and deadly disease. James Ragan turns his devastating odds into a mission to live an audaciously good life. Paolo, an Italian tour bus driver living in Paris, has just summoned up the courage to propose marriage to his German girlfriend Greta. However, a chance encounter with a French woman on a bicycle the very next day turns Paolo's life upside down. The story behind Johnny Cash's lost Native American-themed concept album and his unique collaboration with folk artist Peter Lafarge. The film also chronicles the reimagining of Cash's highly controversial 1964 record on its 50th anniversary, as recorded at Nashville's historic Sound Emporium Studios. Based on Antonino D'Ambrosio's book "A Heartbeat and a Guitar: Johnny Cash and the Making of Bitter Tears." The making of Samira Makhmalbaf's Blackboards. HOW IT ALL BEGAN, from filmmakers and Healing Tao Instructors Jamee Culbertson and Karin Sorvik, is the story of the birth of the Healing Tao System and the story of the Master that set it all in motion. From Master Chia's early teachings that came from deep in the Chinese Mountains by a Taoist Grandmaster to the incredible international growth of the Healing Tao, HOW IT ALL BEGAN details the journey that began with, as Lao Tzu says, "a single step". Documentary about the famous cafe Ta'amon in Jerusalem in which activists, politicians, artists and writers came together and quarrelled about one thing: Isreal. The film shows the everyday life in the cafe and also moving moments of the past. The story of civil rights giant Judge Damon J. Keith who has decided some of the most landmark and controversial rulings of the last 50 years, including a decision that lead to him, a federal judge, being sued by a sitting President. Explores the vibrant array of musical interpretations of Jewish identities, from ram's horn to beatbox, from Uganda to Argentina. The revealing story of the 16th US President's tumultuous final months in office. In a nation divided by war and the strong winds of change, Lincoln pursues a course of action designed to end the war, unite the country and abolish slavery. With the moral courage and fierce determination to succeed, his choices during this critical moment will change the fate of generations to come. Bouncing between Europe and the United States as often as she would between lovers, Peggy Guggenheim's life was as swirling as the design of her uncle's museum, and reads more like fiction than any reality imaginable. Peggy Guggenheim - Art Addict offers a rare look into Guggenheim's world: blending the abstract, the colorful, the surreal and the salacious, to portray a life that was as complex and unpredictable as the artwork Peggy revered and the artists she pushed forward. Deli owner Salam Kahil is an art collector, a former male escort, an amateur musician, and a sandwich maker to the homeless in Vancouver's poorest neighbourhood but his true passion is talking about blowjobs. This is a 2015 feature film documentary, not to be mixed up with the 2012 documentary short with the same name. Twenty-five years after Roseanne Barr's groundbreaking number-one sitcom, Roseanne for President tells the tale of her 2012 grassroots campaign for President of the United States. While Roseanne may have revolutionized the way Americans talked about family, class, race, gender, and gay rights, this campaign trail adventure is a personal account of Roseanne's thoughts on these subjects--and others, as we have never heard them before. What seems at first like a political profile quickly becomes a humorous and sentimental picture of an icon. This surprising journey uncovers raw and revealing moments from Roseanne's private world, while juxtaposing her current influence as a politician with her role as a comedy leader in the '90s. This feature documentary captures the essence of the woman and power of the dance created by Rachel Browne (1934-2012), Canadian modern dance icon and founder of Canada's oldest professional modern dance company, Winnipeg's Contemporary Dancers. The film seeks a visceral and visual understanding of Rachel Browne, through her body of dance work, the bodies and souls of the artists who have danced with her, and through her voice and that of her family. Despite challenges and personal trauma, and because of them, Rachel Browne chose to survive and to adapt, exposing a raw desire to create dance to the exclusion of all else. In a world of smoke and mirrors, we expose the movers, shakers and key players who puppeteer the brightest talent and engineer the most exclusive events during one of the biggest film festivals in the world. Working in Dr. Cranley's laboratory, scientist Jack Griffin was always given the latitude to conduct some of his own experiments. His sudden departure, however, has Cranley's daughter Flora worried about him. Griffin has taken a room at the nearby Lion's Head Inn, hoping to reverse an experiment he conducted on himself that made him invisible. But the experimental drug has also warped his mind, making him aggressive and dangerous. He's prepared to do whatever it takes to restore his appearance. The last movie with Jerry Lewis and Dean Martin together, is a satire of the life in Hollywood. Steve Wiley is a deceiver who cheats Malcolm Smith when he wins a car, claiming that he won it too. Trying to steal the car, Steve tells Malcolm that he lives in Hollywood, next to Anita Ekberg's. When Malcom hears that, they both set out for Hollywood and the adventure begins... A documentary about a 10-year-old transgender girl who finds acceptance and empowerment in the company of a queer roller derby collective. Southeast Asia Cinema - When the rooster crows is a voice of diversity reaching for change. Brillante Mendoza, Eric Khoo, Garin Nugroho, Pen Ek Ratanaruang give voice to a region rich with traditions, ethnic groups, languages, politics, and religions. It is cinema, at its purest form, fighting for freedom of expression, documenting real lives of ordinary people, giving voice to the underdogs and the outcasts. The amalgamation of these aspects gives birth to an ultra-neo-realistic cinema language currently unique to films from this region. Freeride, Freestyle and Alpine racing united! Legs of Steel presents the multi-discipline ski film 'Same Difference'. True to the credo -'a film about skiers', this documentary will provides a one-of-a-kind view into skiing's diversity. Follow Alpine race legend Felix Neureuther through a testing competitive season full of ultimate highs and lows. Take a ride with Fabian Lentsch, Bene Mayr & Sven Kueenle as they venture to the nerve centre of freeride skiing in Alaska, and watch on with anticipation as Freestyler Paddy Graham and his gang attempt to redefine gravity with the biggest jump ever attempted. The start gates and slopes are different and the rewards may seem wildly contrasting, but it's all just skiing in the end. The heads of the six schools of martial arts do battle with the demon warrior Mo Kuei, but no sooner do they emerge victorious than a group of demons known only as "The Unfriendly" slaughter the six masters and make off with Mo Kuei's body. It is now up to a group of heros to stop The Unfriendly from using the spirit of Mo Kuei in order to gain possession of the wish-granting Stone of Heaven Comic Russell Brand uses drugs, sex and fame in a quest for happiness, only to find it remains elusive. As he explores iconic figures such as Gandhi, Malcolm X, Che Guevara, and Jesus, he transforms himself into a political antagonist. The Flintstones are at it again. The Flintstones and the Rubbles head for Rock Vegas with Fred hoping to court the lovely Wilma. Nothing will stand in the way of love, except for the conniving Chip Rockefeller who is the playboy born in Baysville but who has made it in the cutthroat town of Rock Vegas. Will Fred win Wilma's love? Princess Leia is captured and held hostage by the evil Imperial forces in their effort to take over the galactic Empire. Venturesome Luke Skywalker and dashing captain Han Solo team together with the loveable robot duo R2-D2 and C-3PO to rescue the beautiful princess and restore peace and justice in the Empire. Cristiano Ronaldo: The World at His Feet follows the footballer from his beginnings in Portugal, breakthrough start with Manchester United and current career at Real Madrid. A massive amount of archival footage, memorabilia, and audio recordings chronicle the three-decade history of Girl Trouble, the legendary Tacoma-based garage rock band defined by their uncompromising DIY aesthetic. Aliza mizrahi, the building cleaner, solves a murder where the police fails Inspired by the twenty-fifth anniversary of 'Bull Durham,' a team of artists converged on the Durham Bulls' stadium to document the legendary minor league team's 2013 season. 'Leaving Traces,' a feature documentary, follows the artists - including renowned photographers Alec Soth, Hiroshi Watanabe, Hank Willis Thomas, Kate Joyce, Frank Hunter, and Alex Harris, and writer Adam Sobsey - as they confront the challenges of finding something new in a baseball park. While techniques and output vary widely, this diverse group is united by baseball's (and photography's) unique experience with time. The slow, repetitive movements often hide the roiling drama beneath. By interweaving stories about process and craft, 'Leaving Traces' evokes baseball's atmosphere and captures the struggle to make the unseen visible. Former NHL hockey player Sheldon Kennedy was sexually abused by his junior hockey coach, and has since become one a leading advocate for victims of child abuse. During a speaking engagement at a University in Ontario, Canada, Sheldon met two students who disclosed the sexual abuse they had suffered as children to Sheldon and the audience. The film tells the story of these victims and the challenges they face while attempting to recover from the trauma they suffered as children. The history of legendary rock band Chicago is chronicled from their inception in 1967 all the way to the present. Paul Wolffram's fascinating and eloquent doco about Maori instrumental traditions accompanies Richard Nunns and Horomona Horo as they perform in a series of remarkable South Island wilderness settings.  Meeting homophobic violence with visibility. African Pride is the story of those who are taking to the streets in South Africa's townships for demonstrations, protests and township prides. In 1968, at the ripe age of 26, Peter Kalikow was certain he could build a better car than anyone else. He took the money he made in construction and put it all on the line to take on the automotive establishment. Three years later his car graced the cover of Road & Track magazine and debuted to critical acclaim at The New York International Auto Show. Then fate struck and the car known as The Momo Mirage became just that- a looming vision on the horizon, weighing heavily Peter for more than 40 years. Sani Tawainella wants to save the children in the village from religious conflict in Ambon through football. In the midst of life's difficulties as well as the choice between family or football team, Sani assigned to bring his team to represent Maluku in the national championship. But his decision to mix children of different religions in one team actually led to a split. Bloed, Zweet en Tranen (Blood, Sweat and Tears) is a story about the life of Andre Hazes, a Dutch populair singer. This movie shows three crucial phases in the life of Hazes: his youth (60's), his breakthrough (80's) and the last year of his life (early '00). Another super polished, overly produced debacle. Delivering the gnarliest skateboarding from this year's new breed of rippers: Jamie Foy, Chase Webb, Carlos Iqui, Michael Pulizzi and Cody Lockwood. "If anyone knows where the end of the Earth is, can they take us there?" A profoundly personal voyage into the complexity, fragility and wonder of the human brain, after Lotje Sodderland miraculously survives a hemorrhagic stroke and finds herself starting again in an alien world, bereft of language and logic. This feature documentary takes us on a genre-twisting tale that is by turns excruciating and exquisite - from the devastating consequences of a first-time neurological experiment, through to the extraordinary revelations of her altered sensory perception. It took a missing finger to find God. JUNE BRIDE: REDEMPTION OF A YAKUZA is a feature-length documentary about Tatsuya Shindo, a former mobster turned preacher, who seeks forgiveness for a life's worth of disappointment and crime in his makeshift church - June Bride - at one time a smoke-filled bar. Hanging on Shindo's every word is his loyal congregation, an eclectic mix of tattooed ex-convicts and wayward souls who want to start over. Through his journey from the criminal underworld to a mission from God, Shindo declares, "Loyalty to my yakuza boss is the same as the one to God." But will his faith cost him more than just his finger? Fitness expert and yoga instructor Nicki Doane leads this release, combining the practices of Asana -- yoga poses, with Pranayama -- conscious breathing. Fusing the two traditions into a single routine, the program aims to focus attention on the toning and strengthening of the core muscles in the mid-section and back. Cammila Collar, Rovi Story of life of Fyodor Kuzkin, who shared all the burdens of the 30s Stalins terror and after, WW2 and post-war years. Two talented song-and-dance men team up after the war to become one of the hottest acts in show business. In time they befriend and become romantically involved with the beautiful Haynes sisters who comprise a sister act. A documentary portrait of Brazilian ballet star Marcelo Gomes. For over 80 years, Merle Hayden has crusaded to recruit members to the utopian movement Lawsonomy. Founded by aircraft pioneer Alfred Lawson, Lawsonomy advocates for economic reform and clean, communal living that transforms followers into a "New Species" that will benefit the human race either in this life or the next. Merle joined Lawson as a teenager and never looked back. His high school sweetheart Betty Kasch, however, is tired of Lawson coming between them. Reunited after over 60 years apart, non-believer Betty wants Merle to join her in Florida. Merle's commitment to preserving Lawson's legacy, artifacts currently rotting in a barn alongside a Wisconsin highway, has Betty worried Merle may leave her for Lawson once again. A small "country" within a country, which is still not on the map of India. A story of a Doctor who is still living in one corner of India where a tiger, lion, deer are living together in his courtyard.  Structural feature film about a burning piano.  Everything Will Change is a feature-length documentary concert film of The Postal Service's performance at the Greek Theater in Berkeley, CA during their 2013 reunion tour.  A collaboration between Benjamin Gibbard (of Death Cab for Cutie) and Jimmy Tamborello (from Dntel), with Rilo Kiley's Jenny Lewis, The Postal Service released Give Up, their one and only album, in 2003. That record went on to sell over a million copies and most of the band's fans never had the chance to see them perform live.  In celebration of the 10-year anniversary of Give Up, the band reunited to tour the world. With intimate interviews and backstage footage of the band, Everything Will Change captures one of the nights when everything did change. From acclaimed director Michael Apted (The Up Series, Masters of Sex, The World is Not Enough) comes a revealing look at the art of filmmaking and photography. A journey of glass, the documentary explores the relationship between the artisans who create camera lenses and the masters of light who use these lenses to capture their beloved art form.  Bending the Light features never-before-seen footage from inside a premier Japanese lens factory, intimate interviews with lens engineers, and a peek into the world of award-winning photographers and cinematographers Stephen Goldblatt, ASC, BSC, Greg Gorman, Simon Bruty, Laura El-Tantawy, and Richard Barnes. This documentary focuses on multitalented musician and composer Joel Forrester in an exploration of his diverse musical talents and influences. Forrester recounts previously unknown aspects of the life of Thelonious Monk and the Jazz Baroness, Pannonica Rothschild. The film also explores bebop's origins in the Harlem jazz club Minton's, Forrester's work as a composer of African American church music, as an improv accompanist for silent movies, and as a teacher of jazz musical forms. Forrester's story plays out like a jazz tune: a strong theme runs through a series of improvisational changes, solo riffs, and ensemble resolutions to weave the fabric of a bebop life.  Members of the Granite Mountain Hotshots battle deadly wildfires to save an Arizona town. A young married couple comes home from a date night to discover that they are imprisoned in their own house with a methodical killer inside. A look at the makers of American made goods for men and the resurgence of clothing manufacturing in the United States. A documentary about the diabetes epidemic in Mexico. The true life events of four friends come to screen with a story of self-discovery, pain of friendship, love of loss. A crew of men who do the high-wire work of fixing the electrical grid are hit by a sudden deadly storm. The Nasty Terrible T-Kid 170: Julius Cavero (2014)  Anonymous  Graffiti is one of the most misunderstood sub cultures in history. It is a culture not for the faint of heart. Up until now the story of T-Kid 170 has for the most part been kept within the sub culture of graffiti. This film uses nearly 30 years worth of archived footage and T-Kid's never before seen home movies, a very rare glimpse into the world of subway graffiti. Follow T-Kid into train yards all over the world and through his trials and tribulations, arrests, addiction, violence, love & triumphs. Follow the story of one man's rise to becoming a legend and witness the story of someone who came from the bottom to write his name on the top. Mid 1970's at 18, Marc Hoffman would take on the challenges of bringing hardcore punk to a very conservative San Diego. Also an artist, Marc's stippling technique gave him a style all his own during that era. Bands like The Misfits, Battalion of Saints, Tex and the Horseheads, The Offspring would seek him out for album cover art. Marc's abrasive personality, intimidating looks and his knack for being brutally honest gained him as many enemies as he had friends both of whom respected him and despised him, earning him the name of 'Marc Rude'. His drinking, drug use and his propensity for street fighting became a reputation that preceded him. This documentary is about the life of Mad Marc Rude as told by the people who knew him. A children's movie about John Paul Pope the second. It combines animations, archived material and amature film. It tells the story about his childhood. Jiron is the story of "Jiron de niebla" (Shred of Fog), the last film made by Mexico's duque of horror, Carlos Enrique Taboada, which, for several reasons, was never shown or premiered. The mistery behind the disappearance of this film will be revealed in a series of interviews with the people who worked on it. The story of a trade that is dying out, and the strength of those who view this way of life, passed from father to son for generations and now doomed to disappear, with nostalgia and place their hopes for its survival in someone they would never have imagined. Young Penny goes on a retreat with her psychologist; the intention is to help her overcome her phobia, an intense fear of cars. Unexpected events find her in a nightmarish situation where her worst fears come true. A testament to NASA's Apollo program of the 1960s and '70s. Composed of actual NASA footage of the missions and astronaut interviews, the documentary offers the viewpoint of the individuals who braved the remarkable journey to the moon and back. In the film Bitter Bread by Grigoris Grigoriou, many people may have wondered who the actor was who played the silent role of the Lord. It was in fact the Cypriot actor Nicos Pantelides, the father of Cypriot theater. In the documentary Our Lovely Nicos, his life and work are presented in a poetic way through narrations, dramatic scenes and historical documents. At the same time, we watch the birth and life of Cypriot theater from the first era of its creation until its maturity, against a backdrop of the major historical events that have taken place in Cyprus over the years Kogonada's visual essay about the formalistice choices of master filmmaker Stanley Kubrick Memory mechanisms are mysterious: we only see the stories we choose in order to construct our own reality. Every mark is a message in time, the invocation of an absence. To travel in the memory is to walk in time, zigzagging, a long road permeated by a dark, indecipherable logic... if we could choose seven moments to sum up our entire life, which ones would they be? The Dance of the Memory is a documentary-essay that guides us in that autobiographical search, where image and memory intertwine. It mixes archive material with an aesthetic and subjective tone. Delegations of the homeless from all over the world march in. This is a film in which there is nothing to see. - Vlado Kristl Five ambitious cousins set out on a family reunion during the dead of winter. The purpose of the retreat is to secure their inheritance, a fortune that dates back many generations. Upon their arrival, Uncle Melvin (Keith David) welcomes them with open arms, but warns them to respect their family traditions. During the weekend, as each of the cousins mysteriously disappear, they learn the truth about their family legacy, blood ancestry and the ultimate sacrifice they must make in exchange for their beloved inheritance. Pete Ivey (Jason Dolley) is the type of guy who's easily overlooked in the school halls -- unlike his boisterous best friend, Cleatus Poole (Mitchel Musso), who's proudly carrying on the family tradition of spreading school spirit as the spirited Brewster High chicken. But when the costume prompts an allergy attack, Poole begs Pete to take his place at center court; the resulting anonymity frees Pete to discover his inner star. Trouble is, it's Poole who's getting all the attention from fans, who think he's the one behind the mask. Meanwhile, Pete's attempts to get noticed by pretty new girl Angela (Josie Loren) are complicated by the fact that she's also entranced with the mysterious man in the chicken suit. In the end, Pete must decide whether facing the possibility of rejection is worth revealing himself for what -- and who -- he really is. Broken Record shows two young boys and a girl trying to break a Guinness world record. In Candy Guard's debut film, an overweight woman with a bag on her head sits down and swears at everyone she sees. Ben Hall is drawn back into bushranging by the reappearance of his old friend John Gilbert. Reforming the gang, they soon become the most wanted men in Australian history. CONCRETE LOVE is the first and only documentary about one of Germany's preeminent architects, Gottfried Boehm. Being the only German laureate of the prestigious Chicago based Pritzker Price for Architecture, he is also the patriarch of an architecture dynasty to which his sons Stephan, Peter und Paul belong. But with the death of his wife Elisabeth, a key source of inspiration for all four Boehms, the family loses its emotional lodestone.  The film paints an intimate and pointed portrait of the complexity and inseparability of love, art and architecture. When seminal documentarian Ed Pincus is diagnosed with a terminal illness, he and collaborator Lucia Small team up to make one last film, much to the chagrin of Jane, Ed's wife of 50 years. Told from two points of view with vulnerability, intimacy and humor, ONE CUT, ONE LIFE challenges the form of first person documentary while offering a complex story of love, loss, legacy, and the delicacy of capturing the preciousness of life while time is fleeting. The life and death of the tropical singer Gilda. Autumn, somewhere in Copenhagen: a pair of students, Emil and Victoria, can't make their relationship work but can't quite break up either. Philippe, who has just lost his job as a professor in a film school, followed by his apartment, can't cope with the way his affair with a young literature student ended and now he's crashing with some of his old students, including Emil. Naturally, he soon meets Victoria. Seals, lies and videotapes. Violent confrontation boils over on the ice floes of Canada as activists, fishermen and politicians battle over the fate of baby seals. The life of the writer, intellectual, spokesman of democracy, and activist Musa Anter is now a movie rich in metaphors and images. A story of triumph, survival,hope, and a lesson in how to forgive and live, through the eyes of a mother whose grief gives hope and a lesson in how to forgive and live; an artist who chose to forgive rather than seek revenge. A group of young mean and women whose determination and hard work has given the Rwandan culture a new dimension of Identity and celebration. Through these characters and others, we bear witness to how the nation rose above the ashes of a horrific 1994, to become a world model of post-conflict peace and unity. Filmmaker Victor Vroegindeweij examines what he - as an atheist- can learn from his friend, the ambitious evangelist Matthew van der Steen (The charismatic pastor of the rapidly growing church "House of Heroes" in Harderwijk and director of TRIN (Touch Reach and Impact The Nations). This is the first time Van der Steen has allowed media in his church and personal life.  The events on the night John Lennon was killed, seen through the eyes of those who lived it. The great men and women of NYC who did all they could to save a life, some without even knowing it was John Lennon himself. Based on a true story. Muslim men can change the dark side of the masculinities in their cultures. As a renowned producer and close associate of Dan Rather, Mary Mapes believes she's broken the biggest story of the 2004 election: revelations of a sitting U.S. President's military service. But when allegations come pouring in, sources change their stories, document authenticity is questioned, and the casualties begin to mount. Second animation about Gena and Cheburashka. Mill Valley, Pennsylvania, Halloween night, 1968. After playing a joke on a school bully, Sarah and her friends decide to sneak into a supposedly haunted house that once belonged to the powerful Bellows family, unleashing dark forces that they will be unable to control. Jack to a King is a passionate portrait of the rise of Swansea City Football Club from near oblivion to the world stage of the Premier League. It is the story of a city and the people who made the club what it is today. An independent feature from film makers, Mal Pope and Edward Thomas, YJB Films', Jack to a King is about more than just a football club, it is about a city that survives against all odds - through the Blitz, industrial decline and recession. It tells a universal story of how football plays into the lives of ordinary people. It touches on the Welsh attitude to defeat and victory and the relationship between sport and money. The story is told through the characters involved, capturing the rhythm of their lives and presenting a portrait of where they live. Through it all, there is one dream, one ambition which unites everyone - The Premier League. Making stops at a multitude of top skating spots up and down the West Coast, this action-packed documentary talks to the skaters themselves to find out what fuels their passion on the concrete. Featured personalities include Brant Austin, Jeff Greenwood, Kyle Mitchell, Ben Butler, Chris Farrell, Tony Loco and Art Miranda. A special bonus section includes footage of Neil Heddings, Salba and John Cardiel. Cold War thriller set in Iceland - a British agent and his Icelandic fiancee try to protect an electronic device from falling into the clutches of the KGB. Sisters from the planet Vulkaria teleport themselves to Earth to investigate and report back in order to prove to their mother, the planet's ruler, that they are worth of becoming Queen. The last days of an old man who wants to tell the camera a secret of his life.  After losing his twin brother to cancer, Dave Nowick is left to fulfill his brother's parting wish, "Take care of our wrestling club." Coach Dave walks the fine line between winning and personal growth in one of the world's elite sports, finding a new perspective and healing along the way. Building Magic: a documentary film about a wandering traveler turned full-time maker magician. Monkeybots, suitcase machines, and more.  A FILM BY KAL * SOUNDTRACK BY THE HEADLOCKS  "This is one of those great meetings of art and technology that illuminates the maker movement so well." -MAKE Magazine The Brothers Bloom are the best con men in the world, swindling millionaires with complex scenarios of lust and intrigue. Now they've decided to take on one last job - showing a beautiful and eccentric heiress the time of her life with a romantic adventure that takes them around the world. A documentary about danish director Nicolas Winding Refn, winner of the Best Director award at the Cannes Festival in 2011 for Drive. From his childhood to the shooting of his next Movie, Only God Forgives, in Thailand, discover the whole carrier of a truly visionary filmmaker. With Ryan Gosling, Mads Mikkelsen, Alejandro Jodorowsky, Gaspar Noe, PeterPeter and Zlatko Buric. A victim of the Boston Marathon bombing in 2013 helps the police track down the killers while struggling to recover from devastating trauma. The story of the first major battle of the American phase of the Vietnam War and the soldiers on both sides that fought it. Dumped by his girlfriend and finding himself stranded on different couches at friends' places, Guido tries to transform his drift into an opportunity for a new beginning. Evidence of Harm follows the lives of three health advocates as they struggle to inform the federal government and public that large amounts of toxic mercury vapors are released from "silver" amalgam dental fillings during routine dental procedures. The film presents a haunting portrait of a dental industry all too willing to turn a blind eye to science while placing profits and politics ahead of dental patient's health. On November 15, 2013, the world came together to grant one 5-year-old leukemia patient his wish to be Batman for a day. "Batkid Begins" looks at why and how this phenomenon took place, becoming one of the biggest "good news" stories of all time. A documentary on the life and work of the American designer, Walter Dorwin Teague. It's the story of a poor young farm boy who travels to New York City to become an artist, but ends up creating the new profession of industrial design that helps shape modern America We live at a moment in time when the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, now more than a century old, continues to be of overwhelming international political and societal importance. From its inception, that conflict has also, of course, had powerful and deeply troubling consequences for Israelis and Palestinians themselves. The story at its most basic level is one that involves two peoples struggling for national recognition and expression in a small but richly significant piece of land. The tragedy of this history, as both the Israeli novelist, Amos Oz, and the Palestinian scholar, Sari Nusseibeh, have each pointed out, stems from a conflict between the rights of two peoples with equal and legitimate aspirations to nationhood and self-expression in a single small territory to which they can both lay claim. Mixing reflections on aging, mortality and love, Baljit Sangra's documentary, Many Rivers Home, examines the ties that binds South Asian families in a Lower Mainland seniors residence. There is rich human portraiture here, and a depiction of a vibrant ethnic community, but the core of the film is the director's love for her mother. Share My Kingdom delves into the lives and art of three artists with disabilities who emerged from the art studio at Little City located in Palatine, IL. The documentary provides a view into the compelling life histories and artistic creations of Harold Jeffries, Wayne Mazurek and Luke Tauber. While these men seem to have the odds stacked against them, they are able to turn their ideas into reality. With no formal art education or training, each of them transforms their vision into artistic works of expression free from cultural, political and worldly influences found in most art today. An inspiring, triumphant and wickedly funny portrait of one of comedy's most enigmatic and important figures, CALL ME LUCKY tells the story of Barry Crimmins, a beer-swilling, politically outspoken and whip-smart comic whose efforts in the 70s and 80s fostered the talents of the next generation of standup comedians. But beneath Crimmins' gruff, hard-drinking, curmudgeonly persona lay an undercurrent of rage stemming from his long-suppressed and horrific abuse as a child - a rage that eventually found its way out of the comedy clubs and television shows and into the political arena. An assessment of the 20th century's best known artist and his vast achievements through the insights and speculations of over a dozen participants. Filmed on the 100th anniversary of Picasso's birth at MoMA, Musee Picasso, Walker Art Center, Museu Picasso Barcelona. Featuring Henry Moore, Anthony Caro, David Hockney, Roy Lichtenstein, Robert Rosenblum, Clement Greenberg, Roland Penrose and others. Through the unrelenting winter in the north of Japan, a small group of workers must brave unusual working conditions to bring to life a 2,000-year-old tradition known as sake. A cinematic documentary, The Birth of Sake is a visually immersive experience of an almost-secret world in which large sacrifices must be made for the survival of a time-honored brew. YOU ARE NOT ALONE, the Musical was performed in Paris (in English) by Jermaine Jackson. During this evening of music and stories, Jermaine Jackson told the whole Jackson story from their native house in Gary, Indiana, to Motown where they became the Jackson Five and from Michael's Thriller to his tragic death. You'll learn everything you need to know about the greatest family in the entertainment industry. Over 80 years after her death, Marie Curie remains by far the best-known female scientist. In her lifetime, she became that rare thing - a celebrity scientist, attracting the attention of the news cameras and tabloid gossip. This multi-layered film reveals the real Marie Curie, an extraordinary woman who fell in love three times, had to survive the pain of loss, and the public humiliation of a doomed love affair. It is a riveting portrait of a tenacious mother and scientist, who opened the door on a whole new realm of physics, which she discovered and named - radioactivity. A music documentary that traces the history of Singapore's music scene through its most influential band  David Helfgott says what he thinks, plays what he feels and touches in the truest sense of the word. The Oscar winning film SHINE was inspired by his life story and brought him world fame. In 1970 the Australian child prodigy pianist suffered a nervous breakdown. He spent 11 years in mental institutions. In HELLO I AM DAVID we embark on a journey to discover not only the concert pianist, but also experience his unique view on our world: a world of love, wonder and wisdom. 'You can get it if you really want.' If this sentence applies to anyone, then it most definitely applies to Florian Burkhardt. He achieved nearly everything he wanted. Except the one thing that was most important to him: escaping himself. Hayashi Fujio, a 90-year-old veteran, narrates his memories from World War II, when he volunteered for the very first kamikaze operation planned by the Japanese Imperial Army. The Tahltan First Nation has lived in remote northwestern British Columbia for thousands of years. They call their land "koneline" which means "our land beautiful" as well as "our mind beautiful," inextricably weaving human consciousness with the health of the land. Copper and gold mining companies call the Tahltan territory "the golden triangle," while hunting outfitters refer to it as "Canada's Serengeti." Award-winning director Nettie Wild crafts a breathtaking love letter--in stunning CinemaScope and surround sound--that captures the majestic beauty of the land and the unique people who live on it. The film features memorable characters: a woman who takes hunters on horseback deep into the mountains, a Tahltan man who records the vanishing Tahltan language, and Tahltan women and elders who protest increased mining activity. A cinematic poem, KONELINE evokes both the beauty and the complicated nature of its inhabitants and their relationship with this unique "wilderness." The love affair between poet Percy Shelley and Mary Wollstonecraft Godwin resulted in the creation of an immortal novel, "Frankenstein; or, The Modern Prometheus." An inspirational story about a group of women from a remote farming region of Costa Rica whose ideas sparked a revolution in the coffee growing world. The experiment presents a cinematic poem to filmmaking and film itself. Directed by eleven filmmakers, all under the vision of Bela Tarr's 'film.factory', delving into what keeps us making films. Documentary from Jay Carter (VIII)  and  Michele Kim Carter Focuses on the Weimar Republic (1918-1933) and its 'collective spirit' in cinema. The purpose of film as a cultural tool is examined. Based on celebrated sociologist Siegfried Kracauer's seminal book 'From Caligari to Hitler' (1947). I am Chris Farley tells his hilarious, touching and wildly entertaining story - from his early days in Madison, Wisconsin, to his time at Second City and Saturday Night Live, then finally his film career (which included hits like Tommy Boy and Black Sheep). The film showcases his most memorable characters and skits from film and television and also includes interviews and insights from his co-stars, family and friends - including the likes of Christina Applegate, Dan Aykroyd, Mike Myers, Bob Odenkirk, Bob Saget and Adam Sandler. After getting threatened by Kelly's friends and family, Constable Fitzpatrick places the blame on Ned Kelly and exaggerates what happened. With the biggest ever award available, Kelly and his gang set into the wild, to remain hidden from everyone who seeks them. Even if it means having his family arrested, the members of the Kelly Gang stay hidden and plan a way to get their names cleared. An imaginative fourth-grader whose lies come to life must deal with the consequences when he claims his parents are North Korean spies. A multi-image large-format film showcasing life in Ontario without narration and dialogue. Over the top personalities and mayhem ensue in this quirky comedy about on-going sex scandals at Rain's church. There's a new pastor in place, but it's pretty clear from the get go that not everyone is quite ready to move on from the trauma and the drama of the past. Three boys, they all committed murder. After discovering their haunting faces and disturbing stories in a banned prison documentary from 1984, the filmmaker goes out to find them and discovers untold secrets and a Hungary he has never known. Madenn, a young developmentally disabled woman, visits her cousin in Paris after a breakup. This film lets her speak for herself, freely and unreservedly, exploring her dynamic personality filled with dark tendencies and exuberance. The movie is about the great historical figure Vasil Levski. It follows three different plot lines: the relationship with his mother, Gina, the relationship with his loved one, Ana, and the plans for freeing Bulgaria from the Ottoman Empire. The movie starts in 1846 and follows Vasil Levski's whole life until his hanging in 1873. Tomorrow Never Knows is a psychedelic interpretation of a Beatles song. The Story of longtime UFC Featherweight champion and the struggles facing him on the road to the top. "Hair" is a 1979 musical war comedy-drama film adaptation of the 1968 Broadway musical "Hair: An American Tribal Love-Rock Musical" about a Vietnam War draftee, Claude, who meets and befriends a tribe of long-haired hippies on his way to the army induction center.  Claude heads to New York upon receiving his draft notice, leaving the family ranch in Oklahoma. He arrives in New York where he is rapidly indoctrinated into the youth subculture before reporting in for boot camp. An exhilarating documentary film that celebrates the unsung hero of aviation - the local airport - by tracing the life, history,and struggles of an airport icon: Southern California's Van Nuys Airport. Featuring thrilling aerial photography and a sweeping original score, the film dispels common misconceptions and opposes criticism of General Aviation airports. Through the love story of one airport An All-American football player's dreams to play in the NFL are halted when he is falsely accused of rape and sent to prison. The events, trials and tribulations of the city of Makkah in 7th century AD. 15 years after they first took the world by storm, a new musical about the girls called Viva Forever! is about to hit the West End. The programme looks at the creative process behind the show that is produced by Judy Craymer and written by Jennifer Saunders in collaboration with the Spice Girls themselves. Irish Commandant Pat Quinlan leads a stand off with troops against French and Belgian Mercenaries in the Congo during in the early 1960s. A 78 year-old chess player tries to forget old age's inconveniences by trying to win a tournament organized in the memory of his best friend. The rise and fall of a Neapolitan crime syndicate through the story of a local boss, split between the aspiration for a middle-class life with his family and the deep impulses of the "malavita". A teenage Quebecer in the 1960s evolves from pro-independence activist to radical terrorist, in this gripping chronicle of the origins of the FLQ in the decade preceding the 1970 October Crisis. Yang Pingdao invents something poised delicately between fiction and documentary to capture crystallized moments in his family history, to recreate in cinematic form its emotional weight and variety, woven around the life and death of his grandmother, and the birth of his child. Charlie begins to woo a woman on a bench, only to have her seaman boyfriend object. After a brick fight between the two men that eventually involves two police officers, all five people end up in the local pond to cool off. Based on the real life story of an incident in 1946 during the Chinese Civil War, the film involves a communist reconnaissance team soldier Yang Zirong who disguised himself as a bandit to infiltrate a local gang of bandits, eventually helping the main communist force to destroy the bandits. Based on the novel "Tracks in the Snowy Forest" by Qu Bo. Following in the footsteps of his father, Folco Felzani embarks on an epic journey on foot in search of Mustang, the last lost kingdom, in northern Nepal. The story of a king without a kingdom. The adventure of a son without a father. Ivan is an undocumented immigrant from Eastern Europe who is in Italy looking for work to support himself and his father, who has a gambling addiction. When Ivan hears of work on a nearby island, he makes the trip only to be cheated and beaten by unscrupulous thugs. When all seems bleak, Ivan is befriended by Martina, an eccentric woman who never speaks and lives with Father Enzo, a compassionate priest who takes in misfits and transients. Despite his warm heart, Enzo has a harsh personality which has only gotten worse since he's been bedridden by a stroke. Enzo's sister helps look after him, but he's certain she only wants to gain control of land he owns but uses only to keep bees, which are cared for by Martina. As Ivan becomes part of the priest's household, he helps make Enzo's life more harmonious and bonds with the normally shy Martina, but not everyone in the community takes so kindly to the stranger who is clearly not Italian.  SEMICOLON; THE ADVENTURES OF OSTOMY GIRL documents a 5 month journey in the life of Dana, a feisty, funny, charming 25 year old, battling a severe case of Crohn's Disease. The disease is unrelenting and Dana is facing major life choices. With Dana as the guide, the film peers into the hearts and minds of Dana and her mother Cari, two strong, funny and loving women, doing their best to live life to the fullest, under circumstances not of their making. In a testament to her tenacity, Dana allows the viewer to enter her world, one which is not pretty. Yet it is full of humor and surprises at the strangest times. Dana is Ostomy Girl and her adventures are truly inspiring. "Finding Traction" presents the inspirational story of ultra runner Nikki Kimball and her quest to become the fastest person in history to run America's oldest hiking trail, the 273-mile Long Trail. The documentary asks what drives her to attempt such an incredible feat, and follows Nikki's journey from its beginning - training and racing in the Rocky mountains - to her actual record attempt through Vermont's beautiful but brutal Green Mountains. This is a film about Christopher Kirk, an American IT guy who moves to Colombia after reading about Pablo Escobar's hippopotamuses. It is also a film about the story of V., a story that Kirk obsessively tells and retells about his infatuation with a mysterious Japanese-columbian woman. A story that may or may not have to do with his arrest in 2009 in Brazil for international drug trafficking. Moreover, it is also a film about two directors. Copper Jack Stone purposefully orchestrates a bank robbery in order to be thrown into prison with the notorious Russian kingpin Balam. Balam is more than just a mob criminal; he's a very cunning and dangerous lord who controls the police force from behind bars. Balam lives in prison as a cover for his real power, which is King of the city. His cell is a lavish private room built specifically for him, inaccessible to most in the depths of the prison structure. Even the warden fears venturing into his area of the prison. However, even surrounded by his loyal henchmen and guards in his sectioned off fortress, Balam doesn't know Jack is coming for him to avenge his family, who Balam murdered in cold blood. Balam is tough... but Jack is tougher. Documentary - From the 1960s to the 1980s, the rock radio DJ played an unprecedented creative role in the rock music world.  -  Desperation, love, sacrifice and a new beginning. A legendary Canadian jazz drummer Aubrey Dale saw his career sidetracked by systemic Lupus and Diabetes, and then derailed entirely by non-reversible kidney failure. With no suitable donor in a database, Aubrey was saved by his wife Julie who donated one of her kidneys to give her husband a new lease on life. The documentary tells the story of the reunification from the perspective of six teenagers from East Germany. A diverse group of LGBT individuals in New York City, offering a vivid mosaic of queer American life in the 21st century. The life and career of Marcia Nasatir, the first female president of United Artists.  Christina Noble and her global children's foundation has helped save countless children from poverty, neglect and abuse.However, despite achieving so much in the face of adversity, Christina remains scarred by the memory of the three children she was unable to save; her own brother and two sisters, from whom she was separated at a very young age.  Placed in separate orphanges run by the Catholic Church, each was told the others were dead. The resulting traumas affected each of them deeply and for life.  'In A House That Ceased To Be' offers a glimpse into Christina's personal life, her love of children and the hardships of Mongolia and Viet Nam where she chooses to work. It is also an unflinching portrayal of her pain and her sense of betrayal by Ireland, the country in which she and her siblings were born, raised and ultimately torn apart. In 1867, Shin Jae-hyo leads the Dongrijungsa which teaches pansori (traditional Korean musical storytelling). A young girl, Chae-sun, who wants to perform pansori, appears in front of him. Chae-sun has dreamed of performing pansori since she first heard Shin Jae-hyo perform when she was little, but Shin Jae-hyo turns her down because women are not allowed to perform pansori.  Chae-sun then disguises herself as a man and enters the Dongrijungsa to learn pansori, but Shin Jae-hyo doesn't accept her as his student. One day, he hears Daewongun, the most powerful man in Joseon and the father of the King, is going to hold a national competition of pansori performers known as "Naksungyeon."  Shin Jae-hyo decides to teach Chae-sun who has a true voice to perform  "Chunhyangga." If anyone finds out that Chae-sun is a woman, Shin Jae-hyo and Chae-sun will both face death. Cal Weaver is living the American dream. He has a good job, a beautiful house, great children and a beautiful wife, named Emily. Cal's seemingly perfect life unravels, however, when he learns that Emily has been unfaithful and wants a divorce. Over 40 and suddenly single, Cal is adrift in the fickle world of dating. Enter, Jacob Palmer, a self-styled player who takes Cal under his wing and teaches him how to be a hit with the ladies. Based on the true life story of California gymnast Ariana Berlin. As she zoned in on her Olympic goals, 14 year old Ariana Berlin's life took a sharp turn when she was involved in a debilitating car accident. Gaining her confidence and movement back through learning hip hop dance, she unexpectedly found herself called back to the gymnastics world thanks to world renowned UCLA Coach Valorie Kondos Field. With Val's help, Ariana was eventually able to secure a spot on the UCLA gymnastics team and win an NCAA championship, a lifelong goal that she had always dreamed of. This is a wonderfully inspiring story of persistence, confidence, and the heart and courage to make a somewhat impossible comeback in life. The television movie is set in the city of Dimmsdale and centers on the series' main protagonist Timmy Turner with his fairy godparents Cosmo and Wanda and his fairy godbrother Poof. In the movie, Timmy is now 23 years old but is still in fifth grade with his fairy-obsessed fifth grade teacher Mr. Crocker. Despite being grown up, Timmy finds a loophole in the fairy rulebook Da Rules: if he continues to act like a kid, he will still get to keep his fairies. However, the dilemma rises when Tootie, who was once a dorky girl when she was 10 years old, returns to Dimmsdale as an attractive woman. Timmy falls in love with her, a sign that he is growing up to an adult, which means he is closer to losing his fairies. Meanwhile, an oil business tycoon named Hugh J. Magnate, Jr., who teams up with Mr. Crocker, plans to use Timmy's fairies' magic in order to promote his oil business. Director Mat de Koning captures the rollercoaster journey of a young Perth band, the Screwtop Detonators, their manager Dave Kavanagh (an ex-mentor to The Libertines) and their one-time roadie, Will Stoker, as they grapple with the music industry's long road to the top. Initially ambitious and eager for fame and fortune, their aspirations change over time as they individually discover what truly matters in life. A biographical film looking back at the life, work and significance of the genius of world cinema. It reveals the inspiration sources of his work and looks into the kitchen of the film tricks pioneer. As an absolute solitaire in his field, he created his own world based purely on his imagination. He was a complete autodidact and is therefore not easily classifiable into any film wave or direction. This extremely hardworking, resourceful man and a perfectionist, yet always preserving the ability to see the world from a child's perspective is without any doubt one of the most successful and celebrated Czech filmmakers in the world. Thanks to their inner poetry and sincerity, his films do not age. This year marks the 38th anniversary of the seminal music documentary, HEARTWORN HIGHWAYS, a film that explored and captured the nascent roots of the Outlaw Country movement in the mid-70s. HEARTWORN HIGHWAYS REVISITED celebrates the authenticity and express the feelings of the legendary original, via a community of contemporary "outlaws" living and creating music in Nashville, Tennessee. A record-breaking competitive runner begins to stretch the limits of the Matrix. Part of the Animatrix collection of animated shorts set in the Matrix universe.  Gottland provides an unconventional look at Czechoslovak 20th century history. Inspired by the bestselling book "Gottland" from the Polish journalist Mariusz Szczygiel, this feature-length film is comprised of short stories portraying peculiar fates. Young documentary film makers from renowned Prague Film School FAMU, inspired by the book, take a closer look at the history of post-war Czechoslovakia and Czech Republic, in order to discover new heroes and remind us of the ones that were forgotten or erased from the history.  Life of American artist, Flo McGarrell's, in Haiti prior to his untimely death in the 2010 Earthquake. After a life altering discussion with his holocaust-surviving Grandfather, a disillusioned student seeks to find answers on the other side of the world. Nearly 20 years after his death and in the run-up to his centenary, Toshiro Mifune remains a true giant of Japanese cinema. Faced with the challenges presented by her daily routine, Ramona tries to take refuge in the relationship that unites her to her daughter and granddaughter. A young woman's desperate search for her abducted boyfriend that draws her into the infamous Colonia Dignidad, a sect nobody ever escaped from. David Becks highly original, intricate and kinetic artwork combines sculpture, painting, textiles, and mechanics on a scale that creates a genre all its own. Curious Worlds takes us into David Becks magical universe, to watch as he creates minutely detailed and often humorous animals, people and entire scenes that inspire profound wonder, delight and awe. A skilled woodworker, sculptor, painter and craftsman, Beck is recognized as a genuine American original. He is the only living artist to have three solo exhibits at the Smithsonian American Art Museum, and his work is sought after by private art collectors across the country. Unprecedented access to Muhammad Ali's personal archive of "audio journals" as well as interviews and testimonials from his inner circle of family and friends are used to tell the legend's life story. The 'Three Tales by Borges' puts in oral form three texts by the famous Argentinian writer, published in 1975 : 'El otro', 'El disco' and 'El libro de arena'. Three supernatural tales where eternity items are being traded and, within easy reach, put our time, image and language landmarks in jeopardy. After the death of his partner, a man discovers on the Internet that the latter had virtual relations with another man. Ron Jeremy is a cultural icon, known as the King of Porn. With his eccentric features that are not your typical chiseled look, somehow he is a sex guru to millions of fans, who feel if Ron can get laid, there's hope for them. Now age 60, Ron Jeremy, Life After the Buffet is an explosive film that exposes Ron in a surprising and very real way. In 2013 Ron made a different kind of headline. Death came knocking at his door when like a bolt of lightening he started experiencing pains in his chest. In this film Ron Jeremy takes us on a journey of his own spiritual awakening to understand that there is a greater power than what is here on earth. Niels Stokholm is one of the most idealistic farmers in Denmark. He runs the biodynamic farm with his wife, Rita, and from their farm, Thorshojgaard, they distribute products to some of the best restaurants in the world.But not everyone is equally fond of Thorshojgaard and their holistic methods. Authorities and bureaucracy threaten to close down the farm. Phie Ambo follows their struggle to make sure that they are not the last to do agriculture the way they do, but some of the first. Bruno Wizard is a London punk musician who became an underground legend for his original performances and 'mystery man' status in the mid 70's. He performed at the Roxy club alongside The Jam, Generation X and The Wire, and was part of the `Blitz kids' scene, squatting with the Warren Street mafia. An American businessman visits London and is horrified to discover his nubile teenage daughter has become involved with a gang of thuggish "beatniks". Her involvement leads to wild parties, sex, death and necrophilia. The film documents the performances and history of The American Magic-Lantern Theater, a troupe that recreates the 19th century spectacles of magic lantern shows - he live projected productions that preceded cinema over 100 years ago. AMLT, based in Connecticut, consists of two people, usually Terry Borton, founder and showman, and lead singer Nancy Stewart. The company has been performing for 20 years, is the only professional magic-lantern theater in the US, and is one of the only three existing in the world. In 1975, a seven-months pregnant Vietnamese refugee, Giap, escapes Saigon in a boat and, within weeks, finds herself working on an assembly line in Seymour, Indiana. 35 years later, her aspiring filmmaker son, Tony, decides to document her final day of work at the last ironing board factory in America. A fallen professional wrestling superstar battles his past demons in a struggle to reclaim his life and the family that has given up on him. A passionate filmmaker creating a film based upon a true crime casts an unknown mysterious young woman bearing a disturbing resemblance to the femme fatale in the story. Unsuspectingly, he finds himself drawn into a complex web of haunting intrigue: he becomes obsessed with the woman, the crime, her possibly notorious past, and the disturbing complexity between art and truth. From the Smoky Mountains of North Carolina to Verona, Rome, and London, new truths are revealed and clues to other crimes and passions, darker and even more complex, are uncovered. In 1937, at a school in the Trastevere district of Rome, a class photo was taken. Nobody could have known that two of the boys in the picture would go on to make film history: they were director Sergio Leone and composer Ennio Morricone. Another boy sat between this duo destined for world fame. What could have become of him? Denise Janzee took the photo back to Trastevere to discover the identity of the unknown boy. A taxi driver, an old barber, a retired lawyer, a doctor, a priest, another filmmaker--these are just a few of the locals who puzzle over Janzee's question. But not everyone sees its importance. Why would you make a film about an ordinary person, when you can see ordinary people anywhere? As the picture of this unknown man gradually emerges, My Name Is Nobody also profiles the interviewees, the neighborhood and a society in which fame is regarded as the utmost virtue--so if nobody has ever heard of you, what do you have left? Kate Mayer seems to have it all: a nice suburban house, two loving children and a devoted husband. But Kate is anything but happy. She is disappointed not only with her marriage, but with her entire life. In her pursuit of happiness, this frustrated mother files for divorce and gets her first-ever job, working in a small real estate agency. To complicate matters, Kate finds herself strongly attracted to her kindhearted boss, Mac. The surprising twist? Mac happens to be a woman. Will Kate have the courage to risk following her heart? It's one woman's emotional journey of self-discovery. "Write Down, I am an Arab" tells the story of Mahmoud Darwish, the Palestinian national poet and one of the most influential writers of the Arab world. His writing shaped Palestinian identity and helped galvanize generations of Palestinians to their cause. Born in the Galilee, Darwish's family fled during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War and returned a few years later to a ruined homeland. These early experiences would provide the foundation for a writing career that would come to define an entire nation.  Just before stubborn millionaire Edwina Cutwater dies, she asks her uptight lawyer, Roger Cobb to amend her will so that her soul will pass to the young, vibrant Terry Hoskins - but the spiritual transference goes awry. Edwina enters Roger's body instead, forcing him to battle Edwina for control of his own being. In the 1980s, Charles, an enigmatic con man and a vicious killer and Commisioner Amod Kanth are embroiled in a game of cat and mouse. No overview found. After a shocking photo of a young woman is found inside the twisted metal of a fatal car crash, veteran detective Emory Lloyd must risk everything to identify and find the woman before it's too late. A documentary that follows India's most successful deaf athlete on his unlikely quest to reach the Rio Olympics 2016 and become only the second deaf wrestler in the history of the Olympics to do so. This is Virender Singh's story, a captivating account of an incredible athlete largely unknown and snubbed by the bureaucracy.Now, as Virender gears up for his third Deaflympics appearance in Bulgaria, this film delves into his life from the bylanes of a small village in Haryana to becoming India's most successful deaf athlete ever and aims at fulfilling the long cherished dream of every athlete that is competing at the Olympics.On the way, it looks at all that he has achieved through a glittering decade and a half long career. Pros and cons of private life going public This documentary follows Hayley, a 40-year old New Zealand-born Canadian, pursuing her dream to solo kayak in crashing waves and treacherous seas to bring awareness to an endangered seabird, the albatross. A fisheries expert is approached by a consultant to help realize a sheik's vision of bringing the sport of fly-fishing to the desert and embarks on an upstream journey of faith and fish to prove the impossible possible. In the fifth century, constant civil war scars western China. To escape death, Ti, a young scout, jumps through a crevice in the Zu mountains where he meets and becomes the apprentice of Ting Yin, a spiritual man with great fighting powers. They encounter a monk, Hsiao Yu, also a great fighter and a good man, but unfriendly to Ting. Because Ting and Hsiao can't work together, it falls to Ti to team with Hsiao's acolyte Yi Chen: they have 49 days to travel far to claim two swords that are the only weapons that can defeat the Blood Demon, who has decided the wreak havoc on the world. They get help from Long Brows, Ting falls in love with a countess, and civil war still rages. The Runway is inspired by the true story of a South American pilot who landed his plane near Mallow, in 1983. Against all odds, the people of the town came together to build a runway to get him home and briefly caught the imagination of the nation. It is the story of Paco, a young boy without a father who adopts the pilot and convinces the town to build a runway to get him home. A new documentary that follows master Haida weaver Delores Churchill on a journey to replicate a spruce root hat discovered with the Long Ago Person Found. The 300-year-old traveler was discovered in British Columbia and DNA testing discovered living descendants in Canada and Alaska. Her search crosses cultures and borders, and involves artists, scholars and scientists. The project raises questions about understanding and interpreting ownership, knowledge and connection. Caustic wit, man about town, James McNeill Whistler was the original art star. Famous for his patent leather shoes, monocle, and uptown swagger, Whistler's theatrics attracted the curiosity of buyers and the attention of the critics. But beneath the high gloss and mannered style, the struggle of this pioneering genius to find his own voice resulted in a breakaway style that moved painting towards abstraction and would revolutionize the art world in his time-and beyond. Best known for the groundbreaking portrait of his mother, Whistler had become one of the most recognized artists in Europe by the time of his death. He is now placed in the first rank of modern painters, his work compared to that of Velazquez and Rembrandt. Dramatic re-creations, art, graphics, and interviews combine to profile this fascinating character. How much theatricality is there in an interview-based documentary? On one side, someone answers. On the other side, someone asks questions - usually away from the camera eyes. But what would happen if also filmed the interviewers? And if the respondent also had the right to ask? And if the parties never met? What if instead of a glimpse into someone's life, we had several? 'Seven visits' is a film about questions. And about the act of being interested in the other. A documentary about the iconic Puerto Rican revolutionary Ramon Emeterio Betances and his effect and validity in Puerto Rican 21st century. In June 2013, Laura Poitras and reporter Glenn Greenwald flew to Hong Kong for the first of many meetings with Edward Snowden. She brought her camera with her. Like Air is a feature length documentary that follows three high school competitive dancers on their journey to a nationals championship competition. With every step towards the trophy, they discover their personal identity through dance and the life it breathes into their soul. After the closure of their shipyard in Northern Spain, a few former workers: Santa, Jose, Lino, Amador, Sergei and Reina keep in touch. They meet mainly at a bar owned by their former colleague Rico. Santa is the most superficially confident and the unofficial leader of the group. A court case hangs over him relating to a shipyard lamp he smashed during protest against the closure. Jose is bitter that his wife, Ana, is employed when he is not. The gap between them is widening and he is fearful that she will leave him for a co-worker. Despite arthritic legs, Ana endures night shifts at a fish factory and thinks her looks are now lost. Not everyone seems to agree including her boss. Lino, an aging family man doggedly pursuing positions beyond his qualifications. The oldest member of the group, Amador, has degenerated into alcoholism after being abandoned by his wife; maintaining an increasingly transparent pretense that his wife will soon return from holiday. A mockumentary that takes place in the cut throat world of stand-up comedy. It follows the struggles one comic faces as he gives his dream one last shot. Seven years ago director Sheldon Wilson set out to tell a story involving crooked cops, a mafia godfather, murder, a public poisoning, Elvis Presley, prison gang leaders and a cocaine-addicted newspaper editor who printed it all. As it turns out, this was just the beginning. This film follows the extraordinary story of two innocent men whose lives are torn apart solely because of their race. Mike Borrelli, an Italian-American NYPD detective and his partner Bob Davis, one of the first African-American detectives in New York, are convicted of first-degree murder. But Borrelli and Davis are innocent. Law enforcement agents know it too, but they are hell bent to connect the murder to the mafia. Incredibly, they give the real killer immunity and place him into witness protection in exchange for his false testimony against the two officers. This incredibly moving story is a testament to their courage and a friendship that has spanned over 50 years. Parrot, Monkey and Elephant are excited to understand how long their friend Boa is. They finally arrive to the result, though it is measured in quite a strange fashion.  The story of the short life, and brutal gang rape and murder in Delhi in December 2012 of an exceptional and inspiring young woman. The rape of the 23 year old medical student by 6 men on a moving bus, and her death, sparked unprecedented protests and riots throughout India and led to the first glimmers of a change of mindset. Interwoven into the story line are the lives, values and mindsets of the rapists whom the film makers have had exclusive and unprecedented access to interview before they hang. The film examines the society and values which spawn such violent acts, and makes an optimistic and impassioned plea for change. Living as an undocumented migrant in the UK for more than six years, a Filipina domestic helper tries to secure a working visa so she can finally fly back home to visit her family. When practicing for a role, actor Jack is mistaken for the killer Ace. He doesn't realize this until it's too late and is carried off to gangster boss Leo Smooth, who wants Ace to do a job for him. Fearing for his life, Jack plays his role, but always searching for a way out of the well-guarded house. - By: Tom Zoerner Documentary on the director's meeting with Castro. She fought the Indians alongside Custer, witnessed the birth of Deadwood and was close friends with Buffalo Bill. She was the terror of the plains, the outrage of the saloons, the oddest of her kind. But no one ever knew who she really was. Her name was Martha Canary, her name is Calamity Jane. Before he became one of the world's greatest boxers, Emmanuel "Manny" Pacquiao was a young boy living a hand-to-mouth existence, trying to survive from one day to the next. When he discovers his natural talent for boxing, he embarks on a brutal and intense journey that takes him from the mountains of the Philippines to the streets of Manila, and must risk everything to become a champion - for himself, his family, and his country. The extraordinary life of Chickasaw Nation citizen Mary Thompson Fisher is given a heartfelt tribute in this moving look at a culture in transition, and the way one woman used her voice to keep Native traditions and stories alive. Raised in Indian Territory, Fisher left home to pursue her dream of becoming an actress, only to find that her true calling was at home all along. From Chautauquas to Broadway and even the White House, Fisher traveled the world performing Native American songs and stories for heads of state, American presidents, and European royalty. Featuring Chickasaw citizens both in front of and be-hind the camera, this touching portrait starring Q'orianka Kilcher ("The New World") and Graham Greene honors a woman whose own story was the most inspiring one she never told. -TCFF database The story of Isabelle Caro, Oliviero Toscani's NO-Anorexia model who rose to fame after his campaign. Diving through different passages of time, with the aid of family photos as well as video diaries left behind, we see a kaleidoscope of Isabelle's life and the world that surrounded her. A Good American tells the story of the best code-breaker the USA ever had and how he and a small team within NSA created a surveillance tool that could pick up any electronic signal on earth, filter it for targets and render results in real-time while keeping the privacy as demanded by the US constitution. On A Quest' is an English biographical feature film based on a true story: the life of World Renowned Hindu Spiritual Guru and the founder of the Chinmaya Mission, Saint His Holiness Swami Chinmayananda. Documentary - Would you give up the comforts of home to live communally with an enlightened Zen master? That's what the people at Stillpoint, a Zen community in Santa Cruz, California did for many years. This film follows the group over a two year period through life changing events.  -  A guardian angel escorts a dead teenager to her eternal reward and launches a revenge attack on the rival teen who caused her death. Four young gay guys investigate how Hungarian society and the state have been treating gays and how gays' personal experiences of social and political oppression have changed since Communism until today. Documentary chronicling the extraordinary life and tragic death of Mary Millington - Britain's most famous pornographic actress of the 1970s. A biopic of seminal 20th century artist Leonard Foujita, a contemporary of Picasso and Modigliani, who was famous for mixing up European and Japanese styles. It's a life told in four seasons. It is the orbit of a man who comes close to and steps back from the light, experiencing weather transformations in the garden of the soul. A documentary about the meticulous construction of Japanese tea houses in the Mexican Ajusco, as an excuse to discover a mind that at first glance might seem obsessive and eccentric. After a terrible air disaster, survivor Max Klein emerges a changed person. Unable to connect to his former life or to wife Laura, he feels godlike and invulnerable. When psychologist Bill Perlman is unable to help Max, he has Max meet another survivor, Carla Rodrigo, who is racked with grief and guilt since her baby died in the crash which she and Max survived. Patrice and Corrine are two sexy, confident women with great relationships, but they've got it all wrong when it comes to love. Before they drive their men crazy, they've got some tough lessons to learn about trust and fidelity, if they hope to make love last. A documentary following the exploits of Samantha and her Amazing Acro-Cats. A naturalized American citizen born in North Korea, this filmmaker interweaves two themes: search for home and ordinary people, while exploring how North Korea has reached the current state. The majority of the extant work on North Korea are based on interviews with 'defectors,' featuring its dark side and the three 'monsters,' Kim Il Sung, Kim Jong Il, and Kim Jong Un. Taking a journey into the past, she explores North Korea's history in relation to South Korea and the USA, and sees through her eyes the people who live there. Her life which spans the 20th and 21st centuries and the three countries guide her to tell stories of North Korea in political and historical context. A deeply personal film with new insight. Academy Award-winning screenwriter Robert Riskin headed up a secret film unit that sought to redefine America in the eyes of the world during the darkest days of World War II. The filmmakers created powerful short documentaries that showed America's strength not through images of tanks, but in portraits of farmers, school children and window washers. The "Projections of America" films were brilliant, moving portraits of America that were unlike any films ever made before, but seventy years later they are forgotten, hidden away in government archives. Narrated by John Lithgow, PROJECTIONS OF AMERICA tells the dramatic story of Riskin and his team, and the risks they took to project a profoundly democratic vision of the nation that would soon emerge as the most powerful on earth. The story of East London's exciting drag scene with touching personal stories at its' heart. Individuals questioning their friendships, family and personal ambitions whilst dressing up to shock the world. This is a documentary about being in love, falling out of love and the fragility of human bonds. It is very intimate, like a diary or a conversation overheard by chance. The fearless Colombian philosopher-politician-teacher Antanas Mockus and his followers struggle for peace in a country with the longest running internal conflict in the world. A distorted portrait of an artist that explores storytelling, ego, delusion, conviction and memory. VON LMO is a musician/artist and self-proclaimed alien-hybrid who was a part of the late 70s New York No Wave music scene. Between trips to his home planet of Strazar and multi-dimensional travel, VON has also spent some very real time in prison and on the streets of Earth. Challenged with translating his Future Language for audiences across the galaxy, Lori, our filmmaker and VON LMO fan, gets sucked into VON's orbit and finds herself lost in his story. In the history of sports, few names are more recognizable than that of Evel Knievel. Long after the man hung up his famous white leather jumpsuit and rode his Harley into the sunset, his name is still synonymous with the death-defying lifestyle he led. Notoriously brash, bold, and daring, Knievel stared death in the face from the seat of his motorcycle, but few know the larger-than-life story of the boy from Butte, Montana. The British Invasion hits Australia in this 1966 concert featuring teen-sensation Herman's Hermits, who deliver their catchy brand of pop-rock to a crowd of screaming young ladies at the Hilton Hotel. Tracks include "I'm Into Something Good," "A Must to Avoid" and "Silhouettes." A 1985 documentary, a music video for "No Milk Today" and trailers for the group's films "Mrs. Brown, You've Got a Lovely Daughter" and "Hold On" round out the volume.  The series follows Cyril and Methodius, two Byzantine Greek brothers born in the 9th century. They became missionaries of Christianity and influenced the cultural development of the Great Moravian territory. 'Forced Perspective' is an intimate portrait of iconic Cleveland artist Derek Hess by filmmaker Nick Cavalier. The film is a journey through Derek's struggle with alcoholism and bipolar and how these demons effect the artwork, presenting a voyeur into Derek's personal life, revealing his process and philosophy. This film showcases the evolution of a celebrated artist, his effect on music and culture while highlighting the link between creativity and mental illness. A WOMAN LIKE ME is a hybrid documentary that interweaves the real story of director Alex Sichel, diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer in 2011, with the fictional story of Anna Seashell, who struggles to find the glass half full when faced with the same diagnosis. The film follows Alex as she uses her craft to explore what is foremost on her mind while confronting a terminal disease: parenting, marriage, faith, life, and death. When we are stuck between a rock and hard place, can our imagination get us out? A documentary chronicling the coming of age of a young chinese man. This short documentary tells the story of Marie Wilcox, the last fluent speaker of the Wukchumni language and the dictionary she created in an effort to keep her language alive. Claudia Paz y Paz is the head of the Guatemalan Public Prosecutor's Office. We follow her during her four-year mandate as the Attorney General of one of the world's most dangerous countries. This documentary closely observes her attempts to break the downward spiral of a society where drug cartels, corruption and violence have become part of daily life. She manages to improve the country's safety and justice issues but is met with much resistance. Her commitment to the rule of law is her strength as well as her destiny. At what price do four years of service as the Attorney General of Guatemala's murder paradise come?  The true story of Billy Moore, an English boxer incarcerated in Thailand's most notorious prison. Thrown into a world of drugs and violence, he finds his best chance to escape is to fight his way out in Muay Thai tournaments. Daniel is a young man. Daniel is a student and a writer. Also Daniel is a pedophile. He is in love and makes no secret of his sexual orientation; even not in front of the parents of his beloved boy. Daniel has never hurt any child. What is the way of the most intimate of feelings in Daniel's and his friends' heart? The film introduces the rises and falls of people living with pedophilia. It portrays Daniel and the Czech community of pedophiles. It narrates a story of forbidden love and a constant struggle to come to terms with oneself and the society. "Voices From Within" brings you into a world most people never see-a mental institution. For the first time in the history of Saint Elizabeth's Hospital, cameras were allowed inside and placed into the hands of four individuals in care: Jimmy, Lee, Kevin, and Calvin, who have been residents for a combined 160 years. All of them have series mental illnesses. Imagine this: you go dancing at a parade, there you will be filmed and suddenly this movie appears on the net. An artist makes art out of these images. From that moment on, your face buzzes out into the digital world. This case actually exists. The dancer is called Technoviking. He has become a famous figure on the Internet. However, it also raises a lot of questions: What are the boundaries between personality rights and the freedom of art? Can such a phenomenon be curbed at all by legal means? A feature length documentary on the popular Technoviking-Meme, one of the early big video memes on YouTube that ended up in court. Portrait of the polemic visit of the blogger Yoani Sanchez throughout Brazil, showing the activist's background in Cuba, in order to discuss freedom of speech in the world today. Sayaw is a feature-length documentary that shows the struggle of Philippine Folk Dance choreographer Jay Loyola to create a world-class Filipino Folk Dance company in San Francisco. The film follows Loyola on a very personal journey as he auditions dancers and choreographs dances in his goal to win the San Francisco Ethnic Dance Festival competition against hundreds of other dance companies from around the world. The breakout of the war shatters the world of a young student, Lyudmila Pavlichenko, forcing her to enlist in the army in 1941. The maiden turns out to be a natural-born sniper, her impressive skill and prowess make her stand out among men and women alike. Seeing Pavlichenko as a tangible threat, the German High Command gives orders to eliminate the girl whatever the cost. In the meanwhile, Lyudmila meets a man and falls in love. War fades into the background... Soon, however, another misfortune befalls Lyudmila leaving the man she loves on the brink of death and herself seriously wounded. The girl is pulled out of combat and later goes to the United States with a publicity visit. Eleanor Roosevelt welcomes Lyudmila in the White House and the two women soon become close. It won't be long before Pavlichenko stands before an audience in Chicago pressing for a second front. Will her words have the capacity to change the course of war? The concept of an elevator to space is not new. In the world of Arthur C. Clarke, it is a natural progression. What most people don't know is that men and women around the world are working hard to build it right this moment. Some want to solve the energy crisis, some want easier access to raw materials in the solar system, and some just want to travel to space and gaze upon their home planet. For all of them though, the elevator is more than just a science fiction plot, it is a way of life. Discover what happens when egos and passions collide in a quest to build the impossible. 15-year-old Natalie, confused to begin with, finds out about her father's affair with one of his students. Refusing to simply stand by and watch her family disintegrate, Natalie takes it upon herself to expose the problem, and in doing so calls into question the family's penchant for denial. Comedian Willie Barcena, a 12-year comedy veteran, never shies away from a challenge. He just completed a 2-year run with The Morning Show on KSFM 102.5 Sacramento. During that time The Morning Show shot to the number one spot in this highly competitive market.  Willie s talent has garnered him sold-out standup shows all over the country and 10 appearances on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno." Jay even invited Willie to perform for the troops in Afghanistan. Barcena helped provide much-needed laughter to that part of the world.  Willie s has a unique perspective on life and his comedy is honed from his numerous jobs as security guard and plumber to roofer and limo driver. After 12 years of stand-up roadwork Willie is now ready to unleash his brash and unabridged comedy on the world. Helge was lured away from his studies at the teacher training college and drawn into the magical world of Kaizers Orchestra because he was the only one in class who could play the harmonium and accordion. He never dreamed of being a rock star, nor even really liked rock music - but he has lived the rock-n-roll life ever since. French chef Georges Perrier tries to keep his internationally renowned restaurant relevant in the new culinary world. A documentary film about Thomas Hirschhorn's Gramsci Monument.  See http://www.imdb.com/title/tt4093786/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1 The film details the early years of the legendary Siberian Punk/Rock group 'Grazhdanskaia Oborona' (Grazhdanskaya Oborona), and its frontman, Egor Letov. With their university graduation nearing, a group of young students grapple with the inevitable fact that they must now become young "adults". In 1987, a small elementary school in Niigata Prefecture made it to the TV news by welcoming three calves as new "students". The animals were taken care of by the schoolchildren, among them little Tomomi, who was determined to become a veterinarian one day.  26 years later, a little girl's dream came true. The titular troublemakers are the New York-based Land (aka Earth) artists of the 1960s and 70s, who walked away from the reproducible and the commodifiable, migrated to the American Southwest, worked with earth and light and seemingly limitless space, and rethought the question of scale and the relationships between artist, landscape, and viewer. Director James Crump has meticulously constructed Troublemakers from interviews (with Germano Celant, Virginia Dwan, and others), photos and footage of Walter De Maria, Michael Heizer, Robert Smithson, Nancy Holt, and Charles Ross among others at work on their astonishing creations. The untold story of how legal pioneer Mary Bonauto partnered with small town Vermont lawyers Beth Robinson and Susan Murray in a 2-decade long struggle that built the foundation for the entire marriage equality movement. Despite fierce opposition, Vermont became the first state to grant same sex couples legal recognition through a groundbreaking 1999 State Supreme Court decision, and the first to legalize marriage equality by legislative vote in 2009. HRC's Marty Rouse said, "They really changed the course of American history." Featuring Freedom to Marry founder Evan Wolfson, civil rights legend Rep. John Lewis, and Tony-winning playwright Terrence McNally. Documentary about the most important equations in science Nuka, a young drag queen from Nuuk, and his best friend Lu, a cool DJ and electronic musician, go on tour with their drag show to the remote hunting settlements along the coast to prove that you can be a cool performer, Greenlandic and gay at the same time. Apart from doing the show, the two young men hope to bring some life into the sleepy small town atmosphere that reigns. However, people are not quite ready for them yet, so the boys are confronted with a lot of opposition, but their black humor makes them go on. An ordinary man makes an extraordinary discovery when a train accident leaves his fellow passengers dead -- and him unscathed. The answer to this mystery could lie with the mysterious Elijah Price, a man who suffers from a disease that renders his bones as fragile as glass. For 50 years now Robert Groden has tried to find the truth about who killed President John F. Kennedy. In his private life, as a father and husband, Robert's obsessive quest for truth has come at a high price. MARTIN ARMSTRONG, once a US based trillion dollar financial adviser, used the number pi to predict economic turning points with precision. When some big New York bankers asked him to join the club to help them to take over Russia, he refused to join the manipulation. A few days later the FBI stormed his offices accusing him of a 3 billion dollar Ponzi Scheme - an attempt to stop him talking about the real Ponzi Scheme of debts that the US has build up over the years and which he thinks starts to collapse after October 1, 2015, a mayor pi turning point he is predicting. The Paddock Club was the first place in eastern NC where LGBT people could be themselves. Whether it was hosting a small gathering of friends, or a Broadway-sized drag pageant; for 30 years it was home to a lot of people, and they always thought it would be there. Opened in 1973, it survived the brutal homophobia of the south, the AIDS crisis, the gay-coming-of-age that was the 90s, and when it finally closed in December of 2003, it was one of the longest-running, continually-operating LGBT businesses in America. The patrons and staff of The Paddock wove the tapestry that made up the story of The Paddock. This is their story. The Paddock wasn't just a bar, it was home. It was family. Bette Davis and Mae West come alive again in this cleverly conceived film recounting the occasion of their first meeting in Hollywood at a party in 1973. If you have ever wanted to eve's drop into the first meeting of 2 iconic celebrities this is your film. Enjoy their humor, candor, feel Bette's brashness and Mae's sensuality as they tell the stories of their lives to one another. Be our guest at this historic meeting, and sit in on the fun. Seen through the eyes of small, midsize and large Mexican maize producers, SUNU knits together different stories from a threatened rural world. It journeys deep into the heart of a country where people realize their determination to stay free, to work the land and cultivate their seeds, to be true to their cultures and forms of spirituality, all in a modern world that both needs them and despises them. A docu-drama about the life of the Hon. Elizabeth Montagu, a spy, screenwriter and worker in British cinema for Alexander Korda. BRICKS IN MOTION is a feature length documentary that explores the lives of individuals involved in the hobby of creating stop-motion animated films with LEGO(r) bricks and other building toys. Filmed in five countries around the world, the film is a journey through the creative life and struggles of a diverse community of storytellers as they bring their spectacular visions to life. Filmmaker Molly Gandour, in her mid-20s, returns to her childhood home in Indiana to speak with her parents in depth for the first time about her sister's death from cancer sixteen years earlier. The filmmaker comes of age as she weaves a deeply observed portrait of a family unearthing a long ago loss. Unflinching and poignant, Peanut Gallery shows us how we can transform when we begin to fill the silences between those closest to us. This is the WORST. 90 minutes of terrible! From comedy legend Tim Hawkins comes an all new live concert performance featuring new stand-up comedy as well as the brilliant musical comedy his fans love and demand. That's the Worst features a full length concert from Tim, and includes a performance from John Crist, the opening act from the night of filming. A documentary which follows the famous British artist Marc Quinn over a year in his life as he creates, exhibits and sells new and indeed old work in galleries across the world. We gain a unique insight into the whole business of being a successful contemporary artist in the highly lucrative but cutthroat contemporary art world. And we watch as he comes up with exciting new ideas in unexpected places and then brings them to fruition often on an industrial scale. The film is made in an intimate, hand held style by award-winning director Gerry Fox who has made previous films with the artist and so is able to question and prod him forcefully from behind the Canon 5-D camera. Fioravante decides to become a professional Don Juan as a way of making money to help his cash-strapped friend, Murray. With Murray acting as his "manager", the duo quickly finds themselves caught up in the crosscurrents of love and money.  In Beijing, a young martial artist's skill places him in position to experience opportunities and sacrifices. A documentary about the alleged Nazi cure homosexuality conducted by a Danish doctor who experimented with a young homosexual in the concentration camp. After the war, he took refuge in Argentina until his death in 1965.  An in-depth feature length documentary of one of America's greatest and least understood authors, Nelson Algren. This never before told compelling life story reveals a unique literary voice through rare interviews, archival footage and the gritty noirish voice of Algren on Algren. Kurt Vonnegut and Studs Terkel, literary giants in their own right, sing songs of praise along with many of his old friends, which makes this film seem like a hymn from the grave. This stylishly produced film embeds us in the 1950's cold war world when Algren worked. Algren's touching love affair with Simone de Beauvoir weaves it's way through the film along with the damaging impact of FBI and CIA surveillance. George Nottoli, is a regular guy extraordinaire: family man, rocker, stunt man, and Sausage King of Chicago. At age 35, in need of a new challenge, George re-invents himself as professional wrestle, Vito 'Two Finger' Fontaine. Follow him into the world of pro wrestling where the more you love someone the harder you hit them....even if its with a rubber chicken! Director John Sanborn attends his 40th high school reunion with a film crew to interview former classmates and gain a measure of closure on some open-ended chapters in his life. The feature-length documentary, 'In Full Bloom... transcending gender,' follows the courageous journey of thirteen transgender and two gay actors as they transform their lives through the use of monologue, dialogue and performance art while preparing for the world premiere of the stage play, 'Lovely Bouquet of Flowers: An Exploration of Non-Traditional Gender Voices.' Behind-the-scenes, rehearsal and performance footage are interwoven with compelling personal interviews from the cast, dealing with family, inner conflicts, discrimination, coming out, surgery, hormones and the complexities of sexual identity and orientation. By sharing their own journeys, the actors transcend transgender by speaking to issues, such as relationships, careers and spirituality. 'In Full Bloom... transcending gender,' challenges the viewer to move past stereotypes and to see the commonalities we all share as human beings. A girl, abandoned by her mother when she was three, moves to a small town in Florida with her father. There, she adopts an orphaned dog she names Winn-Dixie. The bond between the girl and her special companion brings together the people in a small Florida town and heals her own troubled relationship with her father. An orphan boy of mixed race finds family with the newly arrived white village doctor in Hawaii. The boy can run like the wind, and begins bringing Doc's medicine to coffee pickers throughout the mountainous region. On an errand, the medicine runner meets the daughter of the plantation owner and a forbidden, young love blossoms like the white "Kona Snow" of the surrounding coffee trees. One-hour documentary recounts the untold story of the remarkable rise and fall of the Thanhouser Studio, one of American's pioneering motion picture studios during the first decade of the twentieth century. It traces the evolution of one family's career as it transitioned from producing live theater to establishing one of the most successful independent silent motion picture studios. The Thanhouser Studio produced and released over 1,000 silent motion pictures that were acclaimed by critics and seen by audiences around the world. Set against a background of the industry playing out in New York, Florida and California, it is a compelling story of fame and fortune, twisted by the vagaries of fate and ending on a bittersweet note. - See more at: http://hollywoodtheatre.org/thanhouser-studio/#sthash.qXNj7ALw.dpuf A group of people are stuck on a schooner in the middle of the Pacific with no wind. Several characters realize their personal way to build their own identity from the choice of genre. Transsexual, transgender, crossdressing - the defining of terminologies different ways of looking at yourself are constantly rising, portraying a universe of possibilities, expanding the boundaries of the possible and permitted. It seems like two disparate realms. One occupied by some of the most acclaimed dancers in the world, people who move for a living. The other occupied by people who often struggle to move, people who have Parkinson's disease. This is the story of what happens when those worlds intersect. We followed individuals with Parkinson's as they prepared to stage a first ever dance performance, under the tutelage of two long time dancers at the Mark Morris Dance Group. It's a story about determination, adversity, contending with doubt, the transformative power of art and the strength of the human spirit. This is the story of a remarkable community of dancers who have come together to rediscover the meaning of grace. Pinky Thompson grew up in Hawaii during a time when one was punished for being Native Hawaiian. After almost losing his life in the battlefields of Normandy in World War II, Pinky brought his fierce energy to the arena of social service whre he championed a health care system, created invaluable educational programs and strengthened the pride of Native Hawaiians. Pinky fostered new methods of policy collaboration and community testimony. He elevated a new generation of Hawaiian leaders to represent the vibrant cultural identity and value system of the Hawaiian people. This film tells the story of the efforts of the first Canadian to attempt to fly a human powered heavier than air aircraft Late one night, in a Brooklyn apartment, three men who are close friends realize just how connected they may be. Barbara Graham is a woman with dubious moral standards, often a guest in seedy bars. She has been sentenced for some petty crimes. Two men she knows murder an older woman. When they get caught they start to think that Barbara has helped the police arresting them. As a revenge they tell the police that Barbara is the murderer. I Like to Paint Monsters examines the life and career of Chet Zar, Painter of Dark. Zar is known for his work as a Special FX artist on Hellboy and Hellboy II, among many other Hollywood blockbusters, as well as his music video and live performance work with the world renowned band TOOL. After becoming disheartened with the film industry, Zar 'followed his bliss' and began painting monsters for a living. A forerunner of the Dark Art movement, Zar tackles difficult social situations with his enigmatic and iconic artwork! Enter an all-encompassing and introspective view of Zar's worlds. Sometimes gruesome, periodically funny, but always thought provoking, Zar's art is at once as enigmatic as it is frightening. But what about the man behind the paintbrush? Who is Chet Zar and why does he like to paint monsters? This is the primary question at the heart of the documentary. Johnny Cash: American Rebel is built around 12 essential Johnny Cash tracks spanning four decades that each deliver the passion, musicality and messages against war, injustice, racism and prejudice, including "Folsom Prison Blues," "Jackson," "San Quentin," "Man in Black," "Sunday Morning Coming Down," "Ring of Fire" and "Hurt." Each song illustrates a chapter in his life, as well the story of an ever-changing America from the 1950s to modern day, as told through interviews, archival concert footage, photographs and personal artifacts from the Cash family. On a university scholarship, a good natured student from the midwest gets a crash course in city life while dealing with three evil roommates. He befriends a virtually homeless college student whom he falls for, but she's dating a nasty professor. A Paris police detective (Richard Berry) plays rough with a prostitute (Nathalie Baye) and her pimp/lover (Philippe Leotard), whom he wants as an informant. While working at Uruguay's largest prison construction site, Miguel is leading a double life. When he realizes that he has become a prisoner of his own lies, Miguel struggles to find the courage to disclose the truth to his loved ones. After enduring a personal struggle, David April began to search for positive ways to heal himself. Running became his medicine, and that outlet grew into a community where people support and encourage the success of others. Inspired by a Spanish professor's groundbreaking scientific study proving that drinking a beer after a run can hydrate the body better than water, David founded the 'Fishtown Beer Runners.' The Philadelphia based club runs five to ten kilometers every week, ending up at a different bar, where they have a couple of beers and toast to 'The Professor.' David's journey has not only helped others turn their lives around, it has influenced an international beer running movement in Spain, promoting responsible consumption and exercise. A priest recruits some secular friends of his to help him break the stranglehold a political boss has over their town's economy. Never Get Tired is the story of underground musician Jeff Rosenstock, who put his songs online for free and redefined punk rock for the internet age. At 13 years old and the eldest of three kids, Lane struggles to keep her family together as her iconoclast mother moves without warning through the communes and dusty back woods of Northern California. Meet the dirtiest cop in NYC history. Michael Dowd stole money and dealt drugs while patrolling the streets of '80s Brooklyn. The story of Florence Foster Jenkins, a New York heiress, who dreamed of becoming an opera singer, despite having a terrible singing voice. THE FORTUNE YOU SEEK IS IN ANOTHER COOKIE is a dizzying experience in the essayistic tradition of Chris Marker and the early explorers. A film for anyone who yearns to see the world anew. The extraordinary life of Orson Welles (1915-1985), an enigma of Hollywood, an irreducible independent creator: a musical prodigy, an excellent painter, a master of theater and radio, a modern Shakespeare, a magician who was always searching for a new trick to surprise his audience, a romantic and legendary figure who lived only for cinema. Two lowlifes with active fantasy sex lives deliver potatoes to various restaurants and grocers. Tom, the filmmaker, receives a letter from South Africa. His long forgotten 95-year old grandmother Mariann, asks him to come and help her with her will. Tom sets off to South Africa and decides to bring his camera. This starts a journey for the filmmaker and his grandmother, looking back at her life and trying to understand his own. This documentary chronicles the closing of an Atlanta icon in Dante's Down the Hatch, a pirate themed fondue restaurant complete with a ship, live crocodiles in a moat, and live jazz nightly. One of the greatest world-class athletes of all time, Jeff Lowe has made climbing what it is today. He contributed to the development of the modern ice screw and cam, invented the grading system used worldwide for mixed climbs, authored now classic books on climbing technique, brought the first Sport Climbing Championships to America and opened the ice park in Ouray, Colorado. In this film, Jeff tells the extraordinary story of his historic nine-day mid-winter solo ascent of the north face of the Eiger in 1991--a route he named "Metanoia"-- which has never been climbed since. Jeff's "unimaginable" new route up the Eiger prepared him for the greatest adventure he's ever been on, the climb of his life as he slowly loses all of his physical abilities and faces his own mortality. In 1971, a group of friends sail into a nuclear test zone, and their protest captures the world's imagination. Using never before seen archive that brings their extraordinary world to life, How To Change The World is the story of the pioneers who founded Greenpeace and defined the modern green movement. In the reign of emperor Tiberius, Gallilean prophet John the Baptist preaches against King Herod and Queen Herodias. The latter wants John dead, but Herod fears to harm him due to a prophecy. Enter beautiful Princess Salome, Herod's long-absent stepdaughter. Herodias sees the king's dawning lust for Salome as her means of bending the king to her will. But Salome and her lover Claudius are (contrary to Scripture) nearing conversion to the new religion. And the famous climactic dance turns out to have unexpected implications... With exclusive access to his extraordinary unseen and unheard personal archive including hundreds of hours of audio recorded over the course of his life, this is the definitive Marlon Brando cinema documentary. Charting his exceptional career as an actor and his extraordinary life away from the stage and screen with Brando himself as your guide, the film will fully explore the complexities of the man by telling the story uniquely from Marlon's perspective, entirely in his own voice. No talking heads, no interviewees, just Brando on Brando and life. Seven lives, seven stories, one passion: Frevo. The collaborative writing of a piece which welcomes us to the world of seven great maestros of Pernambuco. Jose Menezes, Nunes, Clovis Pereira, Guedes Peixoto, Duda, Ademir Araujo and Edson Rodrigues - living legends of this rhythm that is an intangible heritage of Brazil. A journey through Frevo. Out of Love encapsulates the sweltering and devastating dynamics of love in the turbulent relationship between Varya and Nikolai, where genuine love and hope contend with destruction and despair. One of the most important English singers of 20th century traditional song, Shirley Collins and her sister Dolly stood at the epicentre of the folk music revival from the 1950s through to the 1970's. Directors Rob Curry and Tim Plester have created a poetic response to the life-and-times of this totemic musical figure. Four years in the making, and co produced by Fifth Column Films and Burning Bridges, The Ballad of Shirley Collins is the fascinating first release from Fire Films - available to you exclusively through the Lush Player. A captivating study of heritage, posterity and the true ancestral melodies of the people, this heartwarming film revolves around Shirley's tragic loss of her voice and struggle back to the limelight. And ultimately, it suggests that in these turbulent and increasingly untethered times, we may just need Shirley Collins and all she represents more than ever.  Lo Sound Desert is a documentary about the Californian Desert music scene, which gave birth to bands like Kyuss and Queens Of The Stone Age. What basically started by revolving punk rock kids - hidden from narrow-minded authorities of suburban desert communities in the early 80s, became a vibe over the years. The film provides a unique insight into the history of the Coachella Valley music scene: From never-ending jams in the middle of the desert to headlining huge European stages - Desert Rock, often misinterpreted as musical genre continued its underground spread and became international treasure. Lo Sound Desert is narrated by Josh Homme, Brant Bjork, Mario Lalli and many others from bands like Queens Of The Stone Age, Kyuss, Fatso Jetson, Dalis Llama, Hornss, Fu Manchu etc. For many generations people in the Omo Valley (tribal southwest Ethiopia) believed some children are cursed and that these 'cursed' children bring disease, drought and death to the tribe. The curse is called 'mingi' and mingi children are killed. Lale Labuko, a young educated man from the Kara tribe was 15 years old when he saw a child in his village killed and also learned that he had 2 older sisters he never knew who had been killed. He decided one day he would stop this horrific practice. Filmed over a five year period we follow Lale's journey along with the people of his tribe as they attempt to change an ancient practice. Marlene Cummins breaks a forty-year silence to tell the story of her abuse in the Australian Black protest movement, to overcome her demons of today. More than a genre, salsa was a cultural movement that arose in a time of need for strengthening the Latino culture and spread across the world with such force that, 50 years later, is still moving the feet of dancers in the most inhospitable corners world. At the heart of the movement is the figure of Johnny Pacheco, know as one of the great musical legacies responsible for salsa music. Since his wife's death, Arthur, a peculiar and severe surgeon, cloisters his teen daughter Lucille inside a strange mansion. Desperate, Lucille tries to commit suicide and ends up with her face completely burned and bandaged. Arthur, with the assistance of his aunt, prepares a weird skin graft in order to give back Lucille a face, a face that resembles his beloved and deceased wife. To take care of her, the father then hires Joan, an attractive nurse with a somber past. Lucille and Joan start a forbidden and passionate love affair. As One traces the journey of ten children with Autism and their special families as they struggle and triumph with Autism in the United Arab Emirates.  Organist Korla Pandit was an alluring enigma, a television pioneer and the godfather of exotica music. He never spoke a word on 900 episodes of his groundbreaking 1950s TV program but captured the hearts of countless Los Angeles housewives with his soulful, hypnotic gaze and theatrical performance of popular tunes and East Indian compositions on the newly developed Hammond B3 organ. In the '90s he resurfaced as a cult figure with the tiki/lounge music aficionados and ended up immortalized in the film Ed Wood. Often pegged as a "man of mystery," Korla lived up to that billing when he took an amazing secret with him to his grave in 1998--one that is finally revealed in KORLA. True story of the lifelong romance between novelist Iris Murdoch and her husband John Bayley, from their student days through her battle with Alzheimer's disease. Red Dot on the Ocean is a riveting film about a troubled youth who becomes a sailing legend, earning two Guinness Records. Matt Rutherford was an angry teen with learning disabilities; a petty criminal who lived on the streets. Sailing saved him from a life of crime, or worse. Matt became the first to sail alone, without stopping around both Americas. His beat up boat was as tiny as his budget, yet he raised $120,000 for disabled sailors while braving icebergs, the Arctic and Cape Horn. After 309 days at sea, he returned to a hero's welcome and 30 dollars in the bank. He founded a non-profit that does ocean research. Matt's story makes us feel we can do more than we imagined. The lives of Luhli and Lucina, two especially important artists in the alternative cultural scene during the 1970s. In a time when transgression, love and peace guided behavior, we discover the love of two women for art, their spiritual universe, their lives in community and their three-way relationship with photographer Luiz Fernando Borges da Fonseca. This film chronicles the life of Lane Frost, 1987 PRCA Bull Riding World Champion, his marriage and his friendships with Tuff Hedeman (three-time World Champion) and Cody Lambert. The story about the founders of the famous "Yugoslav Basketball School" and the first gold medal at the Championships in Ljubljana in 1970, is based on real events and is dedicated to personalities who have contributed to the emergence and development of basketball in their country. An unemployed Brit vents his rage on unsuspecting strangers as he embarks on a nocturnal London odyssey. A successful rock band from Greenland? Yes, it's not a lie. In 1973, the Greenlandic Sume released a debut album, which record time made it to all the households on the icy island. But Sume's success was not just due to their catchy beat rock, but also to the band's ability to put words to the zeitgeist, where Greenlandic culture was slowly fading away   Juliane Banse, Cornelia Kallisch, Shawn Mathey, Martin Gantner, Ruben Drole and Alfred Muff star in this acclaimed adaptation of German composer Robert Schumann's opera "Genoveva," produced by Nikolaus Harnoncourt. Inspired by the works of Johann Ludwig Tieck and Christian Friedrich Hebbel, Schumann's tale centers on an ill-fated countess who finds her life turned upside down when she's falsely accused of adultery. HOMME LESS is about the underbelly of the American Dream, the hidden backyard of our society. In the ghettos of the greatest metropolis in Brazil, a midst flying bullets, love and any number of hurdles, young people's stories mingle and collide in the search for dreams and choices. Inspired by true stories, the feature film 'Broken Town' reveals the struggle faced and the choices made by teenagers who have always been surrounded by weapons, crime, and hardship. Based on the life story of Mahendra Singh Dhoni, and his journey to being the world cup winning captain of the Indian cricket team. Lloyd Daniels was one of the most gifted basketball players ever to emerge from New York City. He was born in Brooklyn in 1967 and grew up in the poorest neighborhoods of Brooklyn and Queens. His mother died when he was three, and his father deserted the family, leaving Lloyd an orphan to be raised by his two grandmothers. Virtually unsupervised, Lloyd learned early-on how to hustle to survive. Hustling came easy for him because he was a charming and likable kid. He still hustles to this day. 27 well-to-do people have all vanished under similar circumstances. J.G. Reeder, an elderly gentleman who fancies himself a detective, decides to investigate the matter. This documentary presents the passion, the talents, the history, the struggles, and the local and international triumphs of the most renowned fashion designers in Puerto Rico. The history of garment making in Puerto Rico has marked our history, culture, and traditions forever. The exploitative history, as a labor manual industry, which served as the base for what we have today as a fashion industry is also portrayed. Following the lives of several women, this documentary explores the issues of breast cancer survivorship by chronicling the experiences of young mothers and wives, as they attempt to move on after treatment, when life supposedly returns to 'normal.' This is the untold story of breast cancer survivorship. MANDELAS GUN is a political thriller, based on Mandelas African Odyssey. Inspired by the brief and yet intense life of Ecuadorian poet Medardo Angel Silva, this movie reveals intimate details of one of the most important Guayaquilean writers of 19th century: his passionate and deep poetry, his strong attraction towards death, his impossible love for a 15 year old young woman and his continual conflict with an hypocritical and conservative society. As he turns 50, filmmaker Pini Schatz sets out to explore his life-long obsession with the band Sparks (the brothers Ron and Russell Mael). Pini charts the impact of Sparks on his life while meeting with fellow Sparks fans, among them famous musicians, in Tel Aviv, London, Berlin, Rotterdam and NYC. Structured as a personal quest of the filmmaker to prove that Sparks are the coolest underrated band in the history of popular music, this docu-comedy explores the universal themes of growing old and being an outsider, the importance of art in daily life and the power of non-conformism. Documentary filmmaker Mark Cousins follows in the footsteps of DH Lawrence in this dazzling road-trip through Sardinia. We follow the filmmaker's struggle to reconstruct a period of her life when she lost her memory. Diana Mariscal reached a moment of fame in the sixties, when at just 18 years of age she was the lead actress of the movie Fando and Lis by Alejandro Jodorowsky. The moment seemed to trigger a promising career, but her public image faded little by little until disappearing. Forty years later the traces of her existence have not been entirely erased. Bonnie is on the run again. He has been on the run from his family and sports fraternity since failing a 'sex test' before the Bangkok Asian Games in 1998. Born intersex, raised by poor, illiterate and confused parents as a girl named 'Bandana', s/he became one of the finest strikers of Indian Woman's football team in her/his short career. A sex reassignment surgery later transformed her/him to a man but left him without a home or a career. He left home, took up idol-making for a living.He met Swati, married soon but moved once again fearing social backlash. His fight to establish his identity, struggle for existence met by a sarcastic society yet to learn to take 'other genders' seriously. After attending their friend Elise's (Sudano) wedding to Nate (Bishop) on New Year's Eve, Trista (Hall), a career-driven talent agent, Viviane (Scott), a successful gossip columnist, and Amaya (Cooper), a struggling actress, make a pact to get married within the year to either a new love or a man waiting in the wings. But the close friends face their own set of challenges - Trista has not gotten over her commitment-phobic ex-boyfriend Damon (White), Viviane is secretly in love with Sean (George), the father of her son, and Amaya is desperate to break up her boyfriend Keith's (Sanders) unhappy marriage so they can live happily ever after. Each woman starts the year with high hopes and dreams of what will happen over the next 12 months... but will they all make it to the altar? Jessica Cox was born without arms as a result of a birth defect, but managed to overcome many physical and emotional challenges to become fully independent. She learned to type with her toes, drive a car with her feet, and amazingly -- fly an airplane with her feet. Right Footed follows Jessica as she transforms from a motivational speaker to a mentor, and eventually into a leading advocate for people with disability. An intimate snapshot of the people involved in North Dakota's historic Bakken oil boom, telling a story of rural industrialization and distress that exposes the intricacies of a conflict between the interests of big businesses and the communities and activists that call for the protection of the environmental health of the region. Lost in the Bewilderness is a feature-length documentary about the filmmaker's cousin Lucas, kidnapped at age five from his native Greece, and found on the eve of his 16th birthday in the US. This story of international parental abduction, filmed for over twenty years, chronicles Lucas's journey of growth and self-discovery, and culminates with Lucas becoming a father himself.  Lost in the Bewilderness is not only a detective story but also a lyrical meditation on childhood, lost and found, and an exploration of how the themes of ancient Greek myth and tragedy, with the family at their center, are still very much alive in the modern world. The documentary film 14: Dred Scott, Wong Kim Ark & Vanessa Lopez explores the recurring question about who has the right to be an American citizen. The story is told through the lives of three ordinary and extraordinary American families who changed history by their courageous challenges to the powerful status quo. Descendants of Dred and Harriet Scott and those of Wong Kim Ark tell the stories of how their ancestors fought all the way to the Supreme Court and changed American history. Rosario Lopez and her daughter Vanessa are both activists in the immigrant rights youth movement. It is the citizenship of millions of children like Vanessa Lopez, born in the United States to undocumented parents, that is at stake now. Author. Scientist. Religious scholar. Innovator. His commitment to the Gospel and his bold ability to think outside the box cemented James E. Talmage's place in LDS history.  Discover Talmage's beginnings in England and Provo, Utah, his journey to the eastern States to further his scientific education, his command as a religious scholar, and ultimately his service as an apostle of the Lord.  James E. Talmage: The Story Behind Jesus the Christ examines the backstory and the lasting legacy of Talmage's most popular book and crowning achievement, Jesus the Christ. In America, everyone has a family story of immigration. Every family, at some point, has had somebody leave their native country behind to search for a better life. How did they hold onto their identity? How did they adapt to their new life? Every family has a special story. In my case, it's my Chinese-American story. My father would always tell us his story about walking for 7 days and 6 nights, before swimming for 4 hours to Macau to escape communism in 1966. His story would fall on my deaf ears until I returned to China with him. Filmmaker Amy Berg sheds light on the sexual, financial and spiritual abuses heaped upon members of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints by their former leader, Warren Jeffs. Right outside of Moscow - home to the highest number of billionaires pr. capita - you'll find the largest junkyard in the world: The Svalka. It's a hard place run by the Russian mafia. And it's where Yula lives with her mother, her friends and many other people. Life is tough in the Svalka, but it's also a place where beauty and humanity can arise from the most unlikely conditions. It is from this place that Yula dreams of escaping and changing her life, even if it seems impossible. Oscar-nominated director Hanna Polak followed Yula for 14 years, bringing us along on Yula's journey to achieve this dream. While an opera singers sings in a snowy and cold street, we are allowed to witness a meeting between a man and a woman through blowing net curtains. The music is touched by sadness and the emotions of the characters are no different. Nearer they become while the singer sinks deeper into the melancholy. In December 1941, Czech soldier Jozef Gabcik and Jan Kubis parachute into their occupied homeland to assassinate Nazi officer Reinhard Heydrich It is the late 1950s. Flourishing under the economic miracle, Germany grows increasingly apathetic about confronting the horrors of its recent past. Nevertheless, Fritz Bauer doggedly devotes his energies to bringing the Third Reich to justice. One day Bauer receives a letter from Argentina, written by a man who is certain that his daughter is dating the son of Adolph Eichmann. Excited by the promising lead, and mistrustful of a corrupt judiciary system where Nazis still lurk, Bauer journeys to Jerusalem to seek alliance with Mossad, the Israeli secret service. To do so is treason -- yet committing treason is the only way Bauer can serve his country. Follow the second responders and vineyard workers dealing with the aftermath of wildfires that ravaged Northern California's wine country in October 2017, long after the media has turned away. Their stories shed light on the immigration, labor, and housing issues that have been building in Napa and Sonoma for years. Despite being deaf Sang-kuk never forgets to smile while he makes furniture. Kyung-hee can't hear either but with her natural beauty and outgoing personality, she enjoys her job at a sign language interpretation center. Between them they have hearing daughter Bora who is a director and a son named Kwang-hee. When, after moving eight times since marriage, Sang-kuk wants to move one more time, Kyung-hee opposes him. In filming the silent world of her parents, the director discovers new stories coming from herself, who grew up moving back and forth between two worlds-one of silence and the other of sound. Nat Turner, a former slave in America, leads a liberation movement in 1831 to free African-Americans in Virginia that results in a violent retaliation from whites. The story of Canada's leading poet and the A-Frame cabin he built. Now Canada's leading musicians and artists come together to tell the tale of Al Purdy. Two very different people become friends and partners in this nautical drama. Nikos (Stephen Rea) is a radio man working on a Greek freighter when he finds himself stranded in Hong Kong after the firm that owned his ship suddenly goes out of business. Nikos is already depressed over his recent breakup with his girlfriend, and this latest turn of events hardly makes him feel any better; he develops a dependence on opium as he works a variety of odd jobs trying to keep himself together while waiting for his ship to return to the sea. Li (Ling Chu) is a ten-year-old Chinese girl, cut off from her mother and father, who has a sampan and asks Nikos to help her get the boat ready for the water. Nikos doesn't much care for Li at first, but her youthful optimism and determination to succeed make an impression on him, and in time he leads her on a voyage to find the family she left behind years before. The untold true story of rock n' roll singer Jim Croce and the plane crash that silenced the man but not his music.  At the end of World War II, Giovanna, a war bride living near Milan refuses to accept that her husband, Antonio, missing on the Russian front, is dead. There's a flashback to their brief courtship near her hometown of Naples, his 12-day leave to marry her, ruses to keep from deployment, and the ultimate farewell. Some years after the war, still with no word from Antonio, Giovanna goes to Russia to find him, starting in the town near the winter battle when he disappeared. Armed with his photograph, what will she find? Tommy Brown and Sincere are best friends as well as infamous and ruthless criminals and shot-callers in the hood. Respected by many but feared by all.  As the police are closing in on them and new players are looking for a come up, will their reign last? Frank and the Wondercat is a creative personal documentary that follows Frank Furko, an 80-year old eccentric living in the Pittsburgh suburb of Plum, and explores the themes of memory, loss, friendship and mortality. Taking stock of his life, Frank tries to reconcile with the forty years working on the family farm with his domineering father, the end of his 20 year marriage and his role as a celebrity derived from an unusual but deeply felt friendship with Pudgie Wudgie, his twenty pound performing house-cat. Supported by Frank's twenty years of VHS video archives, mesmerizing footage that is strange, oddly beautiful, and often hilarious - this is an intimate and thoughtful portrait of an older man struggling to reconcile with his past. Dr. Alan Rabinowitz fights to keep tigers from going extinct. One man's ambitions take him on an unexpected journey to create a unique performance and mission that will change his life forever. A group of musicians and models are assembled carefully to put on his 'Runway Rock Show' concept with a simple goal: to hand out over 100,000 copies of their CD to the US Military personally. They will have to learn to stick together, as to complete their mission, they have to be ready to tour the world at a moments notice and count on each other to rock the troops! Molly Bloom, a young skier and former Olympic hopeful becomes a successful entrepreneur (and a target of an FBI investigation) when she establishes a high-stakes, international poker game. An adult Korean woman remembers her childhood when her parents dragged her to a new life in Australia where she would never speak her native language again. In the years following the Civil Rights movement and the passage of Title IX in 1972, Dr. Donnis Thompson (a headstrong African-American female coach), Patsy Mink (the first Asian-American U.S. congresswoman), and Beth McLachlin (the team captain of a rag-tag female volleyball team), battled discrimination from the halls of Washington D.C. to the dusty volleyball courts of the University of Hawaii, fighting for the rights of young women to play sports. An eclectic group of people scratch out a living in Las Vegas by dressing up as bizarre characters and begging tourists for tips to pose with them for photographs. Impressive debut feature from writer director Inon Shampanier. A man needs to convince his kidknappers that they have got the wrong person before they deliver him to his death. Beneath the Helmet: From High School to the Home Front is a coming of age story that highlights five young Israeli high school graduates, who are drafted into the army to defend their country. At the age of 18, away from their houses, family, and friends these young individuals undergo a demanding journey, revealing the core of who they are and who they want to be. From the creators of the PBS-featured documentary film Israel Inside: How a Small Nation Makes a Big Difference, the film Beneath the Helmet illustrates how these young men and women are protecting not only their homes, but the shared values of peace, equality, opportunity, democracy, religious tolerance and women's rights. The lessons they learn along the way, are lessons that can be adapted, understood and appreciated by everyone. A diary of a man who can't stop crying like a pussy. 2014 marked the 40th Anniversary of KANSAS! The classic lineup reunited, for the first time in more than 30 years, to relive the incredible, untold story of one of the most successful American rock bands. The Feature film includes in-depth interviews with all 6 original members along with Brian May (Queen), David Wild (Rolling Stone), Garth Brooks, and many more! Here how "Dust in the Wind" was just a passing comment away from never being recorded and how "free beer" changed their lives forever! Diagnosed with ALS and given 2 to 5 years to live, New York City DJ, internet personality, and filmmaker, TransFatty, brings his camera along for the ride in this unconventional examination of life, death, and everything in between. A look at the life and music of legendary singer and civil rights activist, Mavis Staples. The film - an open, sincere, warm and funny story about Arvydas Sabonis life and career. This is particularly characteristic of a T-shirt with the number 11 worn out 2.20 m tall basketball giant Olympic and world champion, portrait. The United States. Today. A freight train crosses the landscape like a giant steel snake. To catch this train, you have to wait for nightfall so you're not seen. Because it's illegal. I'm doing it to follow some hobos* (*vagabonds). They're women, on their own, and they've chosen a life of travel, with no particular destination in mind.  Amid the noise of the iron horse, they adopt me as a traveling companion and tell their stories to my camera. I try to grasp what their ultimate quest is. They're stronger than men, stronger than society. They are free. When you flick through the pages of the history books, there are few women who really stand out amongst their male contemporaries. However, step far enough back in time, to the year 61AD to be precise, and you'll find a Warrior Queen of Ancient Britain, who truly did take on the world. Boudicca or Boadicea, call her what you will, was a remarkable Celt who as leader of the Iceni Tribe, at the time of the Roman occupation of Britain, made a stand against oppression that has never been forgotten. Follow in the great lady's footsteps to the historical landmarks of England's East Anglia on a journey of discovery to find the woman behind the legend. Sam Klemke has filmed and narrated 50 years of his life, creating a strange and intimate portrait of what it means to be human. The authorized documentary on late Guitar/lead singer Kurt Cobain from his early days in Aberdeen Washington to his success and downfall with Grunge band Nirvana. An Everglades community struggles to put their lives back together in the wake of a hurricane. A highly respected priest conspires with his mistress to poison both her husband and his own wife. Director, Umut Gunduz, is Stevie's brother. Whilst Stevie served his last prison sentence to date, the two made contact again after many years silent. It wasn't long before they both began to talk of their childhoods and it was then that Umut suggested the making of a film to Stevie. Having never really grown up together, Umut attempts to discover his brother through the medium of film. As he collects the footage and sifts through hours of family home video, he learns more and more about Stevie and begins to piece the young man together for himself, telling a complex story of guilt and misguided choices that inevitably lead to a life of crime, violence and separation. Benjamin Woolley presents the gripping story of Nicholas Culpeper, the 17th century radical pharmacist who took on the establishment in order to bring medicine to the masses. Culpeper lived during one of the most tumultuous periods in British history. When the country was ravaged by famine and civil war, he took part in the revolution that culminated in the execution of King Charles I. But it is Culpeper's achievements in health care that made him famous. By practicing (often illegally) as a herbalist and publishing the first English-language texts explaining how to treat common ailments, he helped to break the monopoly of a medical establishment that had abandoned the poor and needy. His book The English Physician became the most successful non-religious English book of all time, remaining in print continuously for more than 350 years. Filmmaker Rob McCallum hits the road with his brother Chris Byford in search of their Mom who's been missing for almost 25 years. A bewitching and beautiful Indian half-caste, Liah, takes her revenge on four ruthless cowboy desperadoes who have gunned down her husband for the sheer joy of killing. Using her enigmatic charm in a way that is fatal to the outlaws, the haunting young woman's vengeance is melted out in a strange, occult manner. Director Huseyin Tabak explores the legacy of Yilmaz Guney -- political dissident, convicted murderer, and visionary Kurdish filmmaker -- who directed the 1982 Palme d'Or-winning Yol from inside prison and died in exile just two years later. This moving documentary profiles the ups and downs - and everything in between - of the life of Brother Anthony Jan Thomas Penera. "Brother Tony" was many things to many people - metaphysical teacher, guide, psychic reader, gardener, radio talk show host and occasionally controversial in his views. Paulo is a 45-year-old Brazilian flight attendant. He is internationally famous in the after-hours world for the fabulous persona he has worked tirelessly to create, his artistic alter-ego, Gazelle. Paulo is HIV+ but never got sick before and now he sees his own life is in danger for the first time. With the sudden and tragic sad death of Eric, his partner of seven years, Paulo must pass through a life transformation. Looking to survive, he embarks on a conscious transformation, beginning with filtering what matters in his life. On his path, besides the new lover, he finds collaborators that push him forward in life and show more meanings for the word Love. At 85, not only does Tony Bennett still have the smoothest pipes in the music business, he's got the kind of philosophy that has made him one of the most beloved and respected performers of the last six decades. Made with as much class and refinement as Tony himself, this is an insider's look at the icon as he records his latest duets collection with stars like Lady Gaga, Aretha Franklin, and--bittersweetly--the late Amy Winehouse. A documentary chronicling the impact and day to day operations of the journal The Nation.  During the Vietnam War, the CIA recruited Hmong tribesmen in the hills of Laos to fight the Communists, then brought them as refugees to America. Forty years later in California, someone who might be a CIA operative approaches a Hmong human rights activist about buying weapons to continue the fight. Following a group of climbers attempting to climb K2 in 2009, on the 100-year anniversary of its landmark 1909 expedition. Experience the adventure, peril and serenity of a group's attempt to climb the most challenging peak on earth. When Christy discovers her 10-year-old daughter Anna has a rare, incurable disease, she becomes a ferocious advocate for her daughter's healing as she searches for a solution. After Anna has a freak accident and falls three stories, a miracle unfolds in the wake of her dramatic rescue that leaves medical specialists mystified, her family restored and their community inspired. Chronicles a single day in the summer of 1989 when the future president of the United States, Barack Obama, wooed his future First Lady on an epic first date across Chicago's South Side.  Feelings Are Facts: The Life of Yvonne Rainer chronicles the defiant, uncompromising, and highly influential ideas of postmodern choreographer and filmmaker Yvonne Rainer. Over the course of her career, she revolutionized modern dance, generated what later became known as performance art, and changed the basic tenets of experimental filmmaking - all during a time when women were largely ignored in the art world. Today she continues to push forward, creating vibrant, courageous, unpredictable work, inspiring a new generation of artists to question, overthrow, and generate possibilities of their own. Feelings Are Facts: The Life of Yvonne Rainer is the story of this remarkable artist and the equally remarkable times that shaped her creative practice. When single mom Anna Russell, a ceramic artist, discovers that her son Stan, a star college athlete and academic star is unraveling, she must act quickly to avoid tragedy. In denial and further and further out of reach, Stan suddenly disappears. Anna must find him on a journey that highlights the importance of mental health, high stakes athletics vs. academic excellence and what it takes to be a loving and devoted parent. The heart-breaking story of Spaceman Sal, a homeless astronaut who sets out for the moon armed with nothing more than a travel case, some bottle rockets and a trolley-load of ambition.  Earth Medicine is a concept that describes our ability to reconnect to our home and to each other. It is the combined ideas and visions of people involved in Earth-centered (Science, Spirituality, Culture, Medicine, &amp; Agriculture). The film follows visionaries from all walks of life, all of whom seek to reclaim of the deepest parts of themselves and are working to heal our relationship with the  What is art and how does it relate to society? Is its value determined by its popularity or originality? Is the goal profit or expressing one's personal vision? These are some of the questions raised as we follow fiercely independent New York artist Robert Cenedella in his artistic journey through decades of struggling for creative expression. A student, protege and friend of German artist George Grosz, Cenedella is now passing on the legacy of Grosz's approach to art, in the very same room where Grosz taught. In portraying Cenedella's determination to buck the system of what's popular while critiquing that popularity in his attempt to turn the art world upside down, ART BASTARD is a funny, touching, and insightful look inside the maverick mind of a true original. A quartet of bored academics face a night of revelry in the relatively new formation of married adulthood. Also, they're OLD FRIENDS. A documentary about the journey of a woman who discovers she has breast cancer just three days before her wedding. Blessed, bald and beautiful, Cheryl Ash-Simpson shares her heartwarming story, giving an honest portrayal of her battle with breast cancer and her determination to beat the disease. With the love and support of her fiance', Cheryl shows you that can get through adversity, especially if you're armed with love. 'Sunshine, Noodles and Me' is directed by Joyce Fitzpatrick and Brian Shackelford. A desperate attraction. A beautiful homicide cop goes undercover in the steamy world of modeling to catch a serial killer and becomes enmeshed in a torrid affair with the prime suspect in this erotic thriller starring Lee Anne Beaman and Doug Jeffrey. The Same Difference is a documentary about lesbians who discriminate against other lesbians! The Same Difference, through a series of lesbian women stories, discusses the hypocrisy in terms of gender roles and the per formative expectations. Andrew Manson, a young, idealistic, newly qualified Scottish doctor arrives in Wales takes his first job in a mining town, and begins to wonder at the persistent cough many of the miners have. When his attempts to prove its cause are thwarted, he moves to London. His new practice does badly. But when a friend shows him how to make a lucrative practice from rich hypochondriacs, it will take a great shock to show him what the truth of being a doctor really is. A small, shabby bar in the deep south of Italy. A group of men play Padrone e sotto, an archaic drinking game. The film looks into a closed society of residents of a structurally weak region and becomes a sociogram that is exploring universal power mechanisms. The film sketches the creative life of the protagonist Kapila. The film's narrative is structured as one day in the life of a Koodiyattam performer. During his five decades as an artist, Carl Johan De Geer has playfully leaped between genres and art forms such as painting, children's television and literature. All of it with a powerful political commitment and a large measure of absurdism. In CJDG, we follow his work on exhibitions in New York as well as Stockholm. We are taken behind-the-scenes as one of the most influential bass players in modern music recorded his debut solo album last year. His long-awaited solo album (released in March 2014) spent four weeks at #1 on Billboard's Contemporary Jazz Album chart and 34 weeks in the top position on smoothjazz.com. For The Record also chronicles Nathan's three-decade-plus career from when he hit the road aged 16 with Barry White, his session and touring work across musical genres and membership of the legendary jazz quartet Fourplay. The film features interviews with many of the musicians he's worked with, including Clapton, Phil Collins, Lionel Richie, Quincy Jones, Vince Gill, Herbie Hancock, Don Was and more. First of 2 films set during the 18th century in the mountains of Wallachia, about a band of outlaws aiming to undermine the rule of the Phanariots and the Ottomans. The story evolves around the two stepbrothers who lead this band, Sarbu and Amza, with their complex and violent relationship. Breaking a Monster begins as the band members of Unlocking The Truth are all in 7th grade, spending their weekends playing metal music in Times Square - often to substantial crowds. They take on a 70-year-old industry veteran manager. With his guidance they are soon on their way to a $1.8M record deal with Sony Music.  Anything feels possible, and the eyes of the world are upon them. The boys are coming of age, not only as they become professional musicians, but also as they transcend childhood and step into adulthood. The sudden breakout of any band, let alone one of pre-teens, is an extremely narrow and specific period in time - Breaking a Monster is the story of this rapid transformation The true story of how Ray Kroc, a salesman from Illinois, met Mac and Dick McDonald, who were running a burger operation in 1950s Southern California. Kroc was impressed by the brothers' speedy system of making the food and saw franchise potential. He maneuvered himself into a position to be able to pull the company from the brothers and create a billion-dollar empire. Follow 90-year-old Janey as she writes and directs her latest original, socially relevant community theatre production for her small town. A small team of American filmmakers backpack 500 miles across Spain's Camino de Santiago in an attempt to capture the stories of the international pilgrims who make this sacred walk. The Freeling family move in with Diane's mother in an effort to escape the trauma and aftermath of Carol Anne's abduction by the Beast. But the Beast is not to be put off so easily and appears in a ghostly apparition as the Reverend Kane, a religeous zealot responsible for the deaths of his many followers. His goal is simple - he wants the angelic Carol Anne. Jim Holden, a young doctor practicing in Alaska, eagerly awaits the arrival of his new nurse, Anne Webster. All of his previous left within a few weeks by the rigors of the Alaskan winter.... Eh Janam Tumhare Lekhe ~ This life is dedicated to "YOU THE ALMIGHTY" (God). This film is a journey of one man "BHAGAT PURAN SINGH" who treaded a difficult and exhausting path. The journey was made possible by his infinite faith in his mission: the moral values he received from his mother: and courage, vision and determination he received from Guru Granth Sahib. With compassion in his heart he found energy that can move mountains and create miracles. The film is an important chapter in the history of post - partition Punjab. A documentary about Oso_Tapatio: an amateur Mexican porn star. The man behind the pseudonym reveals his motivations, likes and desires. A school full of seeming good Samaritans turns out to be a front for evil in this exercise in horror. Five teenagers are enjoying a late-night ride when their car loses control, and they find themselves stranded in the middle of nowhere. The kids are taken in by the staff of the Marquez Academy, a private school not far away, but they soon discover their benefactors have a sinister side, and as they try to find out the truth about the Academy and its staff, they learn that many of the local townspeople hate and fear the academy and its students -- and with good reason. The film explores the global power and impact of the music of John Coltrane and reveals the passions, experiences and forces that shaped his life and revolutionary sounds. The film chronicles Nina Simone's journey from child piano prodigy to iconic musician and passionate activist, told in her own words. Contrary to popular myth, butch lesbians are not trying to be feminine and failing. They are not going through a rebellious stage or imitating men. They are women who, while being true to their most authentic selves, look and behave in some ways that society has decided is appropriate only for males. While lesbians and gay men are enjoying more acceptance from society in general, this tolerance is often limited to those individuals who seem most like their heterosexual counterparts: feminine women and masculine men. The women in this film examine and challenge society's assumptions about gender roles and show the courage it takes to be true to oneself. Their struggles reveal how everyone, regardless of sexual orientation, is pressured to conform and measure up to restrictive gender standards. "In the beginning, my first documentary was meant to be a portrait of the president of the carnival club in my home village. During the filming, it went clear very fast, that my protagonist was wearing a mask not only at Carnival. He lives a double life. I gradually realized that this film project has a lot in common with my own history too. I discovered parallels between the story of the carnival president and mine. The originally planned, straight forward portrait, turned into an essay on home in general and an ethical lesson in film making. The director became the protagonist and the protagonist a director." - Dave D. Leins Explore how sexualization, marginalization and isolation have kept gay youth in the closet throughout the 20th century and even to today. Learn how some adults have worked to make schools safe for these youth even while families and faith communities may have failed them. A feature length, theatrical documentary on the life of Paul Gascoigne, one of the greatest footballers that ever lived: delving deep into his psyche, vulnerabilities, fears and triumphs. Painting the Way to the Moon is a 54 minute HD feature documentary about Princeton mathematician Ed Belbruno. In the 1980's, Ed worked at NASA's Jet Propulsion Lab by day and made space-inspired paintings by night. In his free time, Ed became obsessed with figuring out a new way of space travel, and over five years he toiled to find a solution. But it wasn't until he turned to his oil paints and canvas that he made his breakthrough. Phong grew up in a small town in the center of Vietnam - the youngest of six children. From the time he was a young boy, Phong felt like he was a girl with a mismatched boy's body. Not until he moved to Hanoi to attend university at age 20 did Phong discover that he was not the only one in the world with this predicament. His dream to 'find herself' by physically changing sex becomes a reality several years later. The movie follows Phong's struggle during these years, with excerpts from an intimate video journal, along with encounters with family, friends and doctors - all of whom must come to terms with Phong determination to become a complete girl. Many books, biographies and articles have been written about the life and work of Isaac Bashevis Singer. An exclusive discovery of the filmmakers brings to light a hitherto unknown chapter of his life. In the mid 1960's Bashevis Singer established an army of female translators - more than forty women - who helped spread his work. He chose his translators carefully, was inspired by their presence, often falling in love with them. Nine of the women who were intimately familiar with the man and work are still here. Theirs will be the only voices heard in the film, as they allow us a glimpse into his complex personality and personal life. An ambitious young man struggles to achieve his dream of becoming an employee in a Munich luxury hotel despite being strongly visually impaired. Duane Michals: The Man Who Invented Himself follows the artist around his favorite locations (Pittsburgh, New York, Vermont) and explores his use of universal themes such as love, desire, death and immortality. The story of Alex, a 16 year old teenager living with his grandma.He has various plans for the summer: writing a new song with his rock band, finding a job and having his first sexual experience. He also becomes aware that his grandma is increasingly dependent on him. As summer draws on, Alex realizes that things are going to change forever and that he will have to grow up and learn to say goodbye.  ACTING OUT is a documentary about the International Queer Film Festival Hamburg that celebrated its 25th anniversary in 2014. The filmmakers have filmed, interviewed, gleaned the archives, watched hours of footage and edited reams of material into a small masterpiece. With its gorgeous shots and sublime soundtrack, the documentary entertainingly brings across both the unique atmosphere and 25-year history, and above all, illuminates the complex mesh that both forms and carries the festival. On another note, the film tries to detect the ways a queer film festival like this has functioned as a platform for unheard voices - and continues to do so in the present. For some people, its sole existence has been a life changing momentum. Devastated by the arrival of crack cocaine in the 1980s, Washington DC became known as the 'Murder Capital' of the country. Growing up at the epicenter of this violence - in southeast DC - 67 rising seventh graders were promised college scholarships by a wealthy area businessman. Southeast 67 focuses on the students' struggles to reconcile the dream of college with daily survival in a community rife with violence, poverty and addiction. Blowing up the simplistic bootstrap narrative of success, this feature-length documentary combines raw never-before-seen archival film footage and photographs, with present day footage and intimate interviews with the students, twenty years later, as they reflect on the hope and anguish of trying to seize an improbable dream. The unauthorized story of Kanye West and Kim Kardashian. A Documentary about New Wave movement in Iranian cinema. This documentary is perhaps one of the most notorious subject matters on the 1980's Male Revue. We hear from the actual 1980'S former Chippendale performers and others. We explore vintage footage from the 1980's to the present day lives of Michael Rapp, Dean Mammales, John Richardson, Scott Marlowe, David Cohen and Brian Carpenter. A must see! Behind the scenes, up close and personal. Black Women in Medicine is the first documentary to focus on unsung Black Women Doctors as they share their journeys from inequality to excellence. The story of a hopeful headmaster who perseveres in running a kindergarten for underprivileged children in Yuen Long, despite many challenges and little reward. Based on true events. The Shorts and the Talls just can't see eye to eye until a mediating fairy arrives to help them make ends meet. Bandleader Vince Giordano keeps the Jazz Age alive with his 11-member band The Nighthawks, vintage musical instruments, and a collection of more than 60,000 original arrangements from the 1920s and '30s. In the spirit of "American Movie" and "Be Kind Rewind," Double Digits introduces us to inspiring, fifty-year-old YouTuber Richard Miller as he directs himself and his cast of dolls and action figures in the weirdest zero-budget feature films you've never seen. His threshold for success? More than nine views.   Welcome To This House, a feature documentary film on the homes and loves of poet Elizabeth Bishop, is about life in the shadows, and the anxiety of art making without full lesbian disclosure. Hammer filmed in Bishop's best loved homes in the U.S., Canada, and Brazil, believing that buildings and landscapes bear cultural memories. Interviews with poets, friends,and scholars provide missing documents of numerous female lovers. Bishop's intimate poems and the creative music composition by Joan La Barbara bring the poet into our lives with new facts and unexpected details. From the onset of the AIDS epidemic, author Larry Kramer emerged as a fiery activist, an Old Testament-style prophet full of righteous fury who denounced both the willful inaction of the government and the refusal of the gay community to curb potentially risky behaviors. Co-founder of both the service organization Gay Men's Health Crisis and the direct action protest group ACT UP, Kramer was vilified by some who saw his criticism to be an expression of self-hatred, while lionized by others who credit him with waking up the gay community -- and, eventually, the government and medical establishment -- to the devastation of the disease. The story of a pioneer of the engine who dreamt of dragonflies as a child and died living out his dream. The story of Magic Train was based on a girl called Lin Lin, who was an American Born Chinese and brought up overseas. During her trip to China on a traveling train, she had experienced series of amazing things from what she saw in China. The film was particularly concerned about different aspect of artistic levels. From the unique style and technique of animation, the film had shown the humanistic feelings from the combination of Chinese traditional cultural and modern life. It also had a lot of entertainment and artistic affection, too. With his eye on a lovely aristocrat, a gifted illusionist named Eisenheim uses his powers to win her away from her betrothed, a crowned prince. But Eisenheim's scheme creates tumult within the monarchy and ignites the suspicion of a dogged inspector. At a time in the United States when the tech sector outpaces the overall growth of the employment market, CODE asks the important question: Where are all the women? This captivating documentary follows tough-as-nails lawyer (and former Mrs. Wisconsin) Kimberley Motley, the only American allowed to practice law in Afghanistan. Motley defends US and European citizens caught in the country's legal and political quagmire, even as she finds herself under threat of assassination. While Motley brazenly chastises Afghani judges on behalf of her clients, she must also balance the needs of her family a world away. A documentary film about artist Jose Antonio Sistiaga In 1895, Shivkar Bapuji Talpade constructs and flies India's first unmanned plane, despite having the odds stacked against him. A British diplomat is arrested on charges of working with Russian mafia. After death threats to his wife, they are taken into protective custody. Then the MI6 shows up with a new piece of the puzzle. Randall Hoyt is an aspiring game designer on the road to publishing his first board game. His wry observations about life, gaming and his own struggles with being bipolar drive this story about what it takes to get a board game published. A man has passed away but hasn't been buried yet. Thinking that God has a furtive way about death, the man believes he can get the last laugh. A young girl overcomes her disadvantaged upbringing in the slums of Uganda to become a Chess master. A World War II satire that follows a lonely German boy whose world view is turned upside down when he discovers his single mother is hiding a young Jewish girl in their attic. Aided only by his idiotic imaginary friend, Adolf Hitler, Jojo must confront his blind nationalism. Meet Ousmane Sembene, the African freedom fighter who used stories as his weapon. One hundred years of Hindi cinema is celebrated in four short stories showcasing the power of film. Charlie Fitzpatrick is the most successful high school basketball coach in Georgia history. While many of his players think of him as a father, his relationship with his own "bookworm" son, Evan, is strained. With the help of his wife, Laura and Evan's wife, Heather, Charlie determines the best way to connect and bond is to take his son and grandson, Markie, who has just announced he's dropping out of college to tour with his folk band, to a rustic mountain cabin for a weekend retreat. Only this cabin is the same site where he took his many winning teams to test their mettle over a grueling military-style obstacle course, the same one Evan, as a student never got the chance to complete. This is Charlie's idea of fun, Evan's idea of a nightmare, and Markie's idea of-well he's young and idealistic; he's just going with the flow. . Peter Parker and his friends go on a summer trip to Europe. However, they will hardly be able to rest - Peter will have to agree to help Nick Fury uncover the mystery of creatures that cause natural disasters and destruction throughout the continent. On 9 April 1940, German soldiers arrive in the city of Oslo. The King of Norway faces a choice that will change his country forever.  The King's Choice is a story about the three most dramatic days in Norway's history, the royal family's escape and King Haakon's difficult choice after Nazi Germany's invasion of Norway. The Film brings to its viewers, a hitherto unseen and unheard narrative of one of the greatest musicians the world has ever known: A. R. Rahman Saturday Night Live has been reflecting and influencing life in the United States for forty years. LIVE FROM NEW YORK! goes deep inside this television phenomenon exploring the laughter that pulses through American politics, tragedy, and pop culture. Uisdean wants forgiveness. After 16 years in prison, released to to the Highlands, he wrestles ambition with caring for his father. When the law catches up, a fraught love story intervenes, pitting euphoric reinvention against inevitability. In the aftermath of the death of Marcella Di Folco, which took place in 2010, Simone Cangelosi, director of the film, embarks on a journey that takes him from Bologna to Rome, Marcella hometown, to start a search to discover people, places and memories able to return to him the complexity of the figure of his friend. A Noble Revolution aims to decipher the historical dimension of one of the most prominent personality of the Italian political movement for civil rights of the last forty years, Marcella Di Folco, leader of the MIT (Transsexual Identity Movement). The reconstruction of the film, however, does not want to be objective, but done through the filter of an intimate relationship, that one between the director himself and protagonist. Rudolf Ferdinand Hoess - The Kommandant - Auschwitz's death camp notorious commander, responsible for the mass murder of millions of people, gets interviewed by the Polish Prosecutor Albert Piotrowski. Hoess has become one of the most notorious figures of the 20th century. His character symbolizes, more than any other, the highest degree of evil mankind has ever reached. The film pictures the interrogation of Hoess and his full confession to the mass murders he ordered in the name of the Nazi Regime. A young couple, Pedro and Antonia, have their relationship weakening after meeting Luana. Romance, seduction, fear and anguish from the future are established in this story of liquid love. American ultra running legend Micah True (Caballo Blanco, or the White Horse) lived and ran with the Tarahumara Indians in Northern Mexico. The Tarahumara (also known as the Raramuri or the Running People) are some of the best long distance runners in the world. This award-winning feature-length documentary chronicles Micah's quest to promote and preserve Tarahumara running tradition by creating a 50-mile foot race known as the Copper Canyon Ultra Marathon, which was portrayed in Christopher McDougall's best-selling book "Born to Run - A Hidden Tribe, Super Athletes and the Greatest Race the World Has Never Seen". A seemingly perfect family moves into a suburban neighborhood, but when it comes to the truth as to why they're living there, they don't exactly come clean with their neighbors. A newly-wed NYC couple move into a low-rent luxury apartment only to be harassed by cryptic elderly neighbors. Matt (Dean Cain) and Jackie (Portia de Rossi) are living in NYC, brimming with that certain "glow" all newly-weds possess. They are in love despite failed attempts at pregnancy and a tight budget. One day, Matt meets a group of health-obsessed elderly people in the park. They seem kind, and offer Matt and Jackie a beautiful low-rent apartment in their building. How can the couple resist a luxury apartment with a state-of-the-art gym, cheap rent, and friendly neighbors? Jackie believes it all too good to be true when she notices a young couple in their building disappears, and elderly neighbors are watching her every move... Roberto loves history, in particular WWII. His life has been marked by drugs, communities and prison, but also by movies and literature. For his thirtieth birthday, his brother gives him a slow journey, by train, to a destination that is off the beaten track. A journey to Auschwitz, a walk back in time to rediscover the roots of their relationship. After a hilarious run-in with the law, Madea is sentenced to community service. Determined to do good for the 'hood, Madea enlists Aunt Bam and Uncle Joe to try and save the Moms Mabley Youth Center from being shut down. With her irresistible sass and wisdom, Madea rallies the local kids to make a stand-and proves that behind her tough exterior is a whole lot of love! In April 2013, a lecturer at the University of New Hampshire submitted a paper to the Annals of Mathematics. Within weeks word spread: a little-known mathematician, with no permanent job, working in complete isolation, had made an important breakthrough toward solving the Twin Prime Conjecture. Yitang Zhang's techniques for bounding the gaps between primes soon led to rapid progress by the Polymath Group, and a further innovation by James Maynard. Artist Trent Dion Soto spent 30 days homeless on the streets of LA's Skid Row, with only a toothbrush and a GoPro camera. The most solid and substantial role that architecture has always played is that of the construction of the places where people interact with one other, with nature, with other creatures and with inanimate objects. And where space, time and movement are not absolute concepts... A documentary about the life and work of musician, composer, poet, actor, activist, columnist, and music producer Jose Mario Branco, a multitalented man who has been using his songs to transform the country and whose lyrics make as much sense today as they did 40 years ago. The shooting began in 2005 and covered seven years of rehearsals, recordings, talks and concerts, both in Portugal and France. In this film, Jose Mario Branco talks about music, his convictions, his generation, the dictatorship, the colonial war and his imprisonment and exile. It is the portrait of a man for whom "the song [was always] a weapon." From their early formation in Philadelphia's underground music scene, to their business partnership with a local, independent record label, filmmaker Justin J. Jackson's documentary Rosetta: Audio/Visual chronicles the musical accomplishments, monetary struggles, and intimate friendships of blue-collar, do-it-yourself, post-metal band Rosetta. Every album is a creative milestone, each tour a test of faith. Four years in the making, Rosetta: Audio/Visual tells the story of emotional and material sacrifice made by an electronics technician, high school civics teacher, coffee shop barista, and martial arts instructor in order to achieve financial control and artistic freedom. In Green Dream, Josephine Massarella has infused her vibrant, impressionistic images of nature with the spirit of the goddess Artemis. Evocative and abstract, Green Dream relies on a wide range of experimental techniques, including pixilation, optical printing, and manipulated motion to achieve a dreamlike state where the relevance of beauty and the irrelevance of use can be contemplated.  Reminiscent of the work of French experimental filmmaker Rose Lawder, Green Dream confronts modern overdevelopment with overpowering life forces. Gay marriage is here. Transgender visibility, acceptance and rights are increasing. And the next frontier has arrived: People whose gender is neither male nor female. In increasing numbers, of all ages and ethnicities, people are referring to themselves as agender, gender neutral, gender queer, and more. Facebook's profile list now offers a choice of 52 genders. 'Three to Infinity: Beyond two genders' is an 84-minute documentary that immerses the viewer in a world where gender is a spectrum of possibilities, where stereotypes fall, and where the future is the present.  A feature-length documentary on the great drummer Sam Lay, who backed Muddy Waters and Little Walter, played in Howlin' Wolf's band, and was a member of the seminal, integrated Paul Butterfield Blues Band, playing with the members of that band when they backed Bob Dylan when he went electric at Newport.  Down the years Sam Lay, now 80, has continued to play, working with the Siegel-Schwall Band and the Chamber Blues group, which combines blues and classical. A social climber charms a debutante, seduces a factory worker and commits murder. This is a story of isolation and hope, of a writer in exile. The writer is banished for her attack on religious fundamentalism and patriarchy and her cat is suddenly left alone. Move On is a road movie like no other, because it is inspired by film fans from all over Europe! This breath-taking movie directed by Asger Leth features Mads Mikkelsen on a secret mission in 8 episodes, each taking place in a different European country. Documentary about German film critic Michael Althen. Vincent Castiglia paints in human blood. Gary Faulkner is an ex-con, unemployed handyman, and modern day Don Quixote who receives a vision from God telling him to capture Osama Bin Laden. Armed with only a single sword purchased from a home-shopping network, Gary travels to Pakistan to complete his mission. While on his quest, Gary encounters old friends back home in Colorado, the new friends he makes in Pakistan, the enemies he makes at the CIA - and even God and Osama themselves. During a press conference, international star Nina remembers simpler times, flashing back to her days as a maid in a run-down Italian hotel. As a young woman, Nina befriends Contessa Sanziani, an elderly woman who entertains Nina with memories of her vibrant, wealthy life with Count Sanziani. Inspired by her tales of success, young Nina fantasizes about her own adventures and seeks to find the same excitement in her life. A British Mutoscope & Biograph Company production Past meets present in a film that is evocative in approach, energized by breathtaking cinematography and an uplifting musical score, and offers a new and articulate voice to the artists who were the Group of Seven. Painted Land weaves seamlessly the experiences of  Lawren Harris, J.E.H. MacDonald, A.Y. Jackson, Frank Johnston, Arthur Lismer, Franklin Carmichael and A.J. Casson - with the adventures of three modern day sleuths. Historian Michael Burtch, and the writer and photographer team of Gary and Joanie McGuffin are determined to track down the precise locations of these famous paintings. Archival film, letters, journals and photographs of the artists - some of which have never been seen in public - take the viewers back in time. Bay Area rapper Mac Dre began his career at 18 and quickly became an influential force in early west coast hip-hop. In 1992 he was convicted of conspiracy to commit bank robbery when his lyrics were used against him in court. He left prison with a new lease on life, founded an independent record company, and then was murdered just when he began to emerge as a star. For the first time ever, his mother Wanda reveals the true experiences of a hip-hop legend. Chaldean Voices- Iraqi youth, formerly persecuted, seek peace, opportunity, and democracy in El Cajon, California. A documentary on the acclaimed rock band Scorpions A chronicle of Frieda Caplan's rise from being the first woman entrepreneur on the L.A. Wholesale Produce Market in the 1960s, to transforming American cuisine by introducing over 200 exotic fruits and vegetables to U.S. supermarkets. Still an inspiration at 91, Frieda's daughters and granddaughter carry on the business legacy. Two Passengers (Sobieski and Zahn) and the conductor (Glover), discovered that a person has passed away on their Night Train cabin. They come across valuable diamonds on his person, that they decide to keep for themselves... A fable of emotional liberation and chocolate. A mother and daughter move to a small French town where they open a chocolate shop. The town, religious and morally strict, is against them as they represent free-thinking and indulgence. When a group of Boat Gypsies float down the river the prejudices of the Mayor leads to a crisis. Sidney Lumet's adaptation of the acclaimed Mary McCarthy novel. It's 1933, and eight young women are friends and members of the upper- class group at a private girl's school, about to graduate and start their own lives. The film documents the years between their graduation and the beginning of the World War in Europe, and shows, in a serialized style, their romances and marriages, their searches for careers or meaning in their lives, their highs and their lows. It is the true story of a man called Biagio Conte, a Sicilian who was looking for God and ended up founding a mission to help the homeless and the poorest immigrants of his city. His story starts in the mountains as a shepherd and continues on a long trip to reach Assisi, the home of Saint Francis.  Women's college basketball player Chamique Holdsclaw battles mental illness. 'Godspeed: The Story of Page Jones' is a feature-length documentary about a racecar driver's remarkable and continuing recovery from a severe traumatic brain injury (TBI). Twenty years chronicles Page Jones' redefining victory while advocating for access to long-term rehabilitation for others with similar injuries. Page is living proof that with support, quality lives are within reach. Dino and Franco, two mechanics in Rome, unrepentant bachelor and friends to the skin, leave for Las Vegas to attend the international gathering of Harley-Davidson, one of the great passions they have in common ... A disenfranchised 16-year-old girl connects to an older man on the internet and after a brief one-sided affair descends into obsession and anorexia. How do funky machismo and buddhism go together in one man? This music documentary takes you into the groove of Joseph Bowie and his Defunkt, a major innovator in the history of jazz funk. GameLoading Rise of the Indies is a feature documentary exploring the world of indie game developers, their craft, their games, their dreams, and how they have forever changed the landscape of games culture. The year is 1970 and the disastrous Vietnam War keeps escalating. Protests are erupting all over U.S. campuses. But in Minneapolis, word that the national Red Barn Restaurant chain wants to erect a new fast-food franchise in old, venerable Dinkytown, the "war at home"  takes a different turn. This stunning documentary chronicles the unprecedented 40-day, 40-night continuous Dinkytown "Occupation" to prevent construction of an unwanted hamburger joint.  From film programmer-turned-filmmaker Al Milgrom, the story is recounted by seven participants whose varied reminiscences about defending the neighborhood becomes a microcosm of the memorable '70's Generation. Music featured in the film by Bob Dylan, Willie Murphy. The french choreographer Mathilde Monnier and her preparation for her next performance is the main focus of this documentary. The choreography's practices and the bodies, everything is registered in some sort of anthropological way by the filmmaker's camera. When Steve Jobs died the world wept. But what accounted for the grief of millions of people who didn't know him? This evocative film navigates Jobs' path from a small house in the suburbs, to zen temples in Japan, to the CEO's office of the world's richest company, exploring how Jobs' life and work shaped our relationship with the computer. The Man in the Machine is a provocative and sometimes startling re-evaluation of the legacy of an icon. A film casting in Paris. Young actresses (and actors) try to incarnate the Swiss writer and traveler Annemarie Schwarzenbach (1908-1942). In order to get the role of this emblematic and sulfurous figure of the late 30's, child of the 'lost generation', antifascist and gay, this actors play scenes of her life, try to assume poses of hers from photos, and talk about their own life through the prism of her fascinating and ambiguous personality. A portrait arises, singular and multiple, public biography and intimate memory, drawn up by the woman of the past as well as by the young generation of 2014. Slowly, a reconstituted and collective figure emerges and encounters an own fictitious life. Martin is an unscrupulous chap who has never cared about anyone but himself until he meets Irina, a Russian girl. Lorenza, the Radio and You narrates a fragment from the daily routine and highlights the challenge of solitude of a Cuban woman, while she searches the radio frequencies for her favorite soap opera. Big Dream follows the intimate stories of seven young women who are breaking barriers and overcoming personal challenges to follow their passion in science, math, computing & engineering. The story of Doug Sahm, the wild man musicians' musician and unsung hero of Texas music. A country music child prodigy and teenage rhythm & blues dynamo who caused a riot at his San Antonio high school, Sahm emerged as an international rock star leading the Sir Douglas Quintet. He landed in San Francisco just in time for the Summer of Love in 1967. He returned to Texas as the cowboy hippie rocker who built a burgeoning music scene in Austin in before forming the Tex-Mex supergroup The Texas Tornados. A kinetic, quirky character with a solid sense of place as well as an innate wanderlust, Doug Sahm's story is the story of Texas music. Documentary about the situation of refugees and asylum seekers in Germany. Documentary exploring our relationships to pigs worldwide In the emergence of the gay movement, music played a crucial role. This documentary explores how artists like Madonna, Boy George, David Bowie or Lady Gaga have contributed to the acceptance of homosexuality in Western societies. Back on the history of gay hymns since "Over the rainbow" sung in 1939 by Judy Garland. A portrait of Alejandro Jodorowsky's young adulthood, set in the 1940s and 50s, in the electric capital city of Santiago. There, he decides to become a poet and is introduced, by destiny, into the foremost bohemian and artistic circle of the time. The mad and evil scientist, Dr. Clayton Forrester, has created an evil little scheme that is bound to give him world global domination but first things first. He plans to torment Mike Nelson and the robots by sending them a real stinker of a film to watch called, "This Island Earth." He is convinced that this movie will drive them insane. Will this be the ultimate cheese that breaks the boys' spirits? 55 Steps is based a the inspiring true story of Eleanor Riese, a mental illness patient herself, who brings a class action suit to give competent mental patients the right to have a say in their medication while they're in a hospital, and Colette Hughes, the lawyer appointed to her case. NOTHING IS TRUER THAN TRUTH is a feature length documentary about Edward de Vere, Seventeenth Earl of Oxford, A-list party boy on the continental circuit, who spent a year and a half in Venice and traveling in Europe, learning about commedia dell'arte and collecting the experiences that would become the Shakespeare plays. Shot in Venice, Verona, Mantua, Padua, and Brenta, the film ventures to actual sites De Vere visited in 1575-76, including the settings for THE MERCHANT OF VENICE, OTHELLO, ROMEO & JULIET, and TWO GENTLEMEN OF VERONA. The film features renowned Shakespeare scholars, actors, and directors, including Sir Derek Jacobi, Mark Rylance, Tina Packer, and Diane Paulus, and argues that De Vere's bisexuality is the reason for the pseudonym Shake-speare. Based on a true story, Jason and Shirley recreates the 1966 power struggle between Jewish, Oscar-winning documentary filmmaker Shirley Clarke and her subject, Jason Holiday, a fierce black gay queen over a 12-hour marathon filming session which gave rise to Clarke's iconic documentary Portrait of Jason. Helge Schneider's extraordinary talent is his ability to improvise which shows his unfailing creativity. "I paint the everyday-life in the brightest colors myself", he says about himself. Reality and fiction are tough to tell apart in his life. How does a man like him, who doesn't want his audience to know too much about himself, react on a documentary portraying him as a person? Filmed over a 17 year period, director Alvin Tsang reflects on his family's migration from Hong Kong to Los Angeles in the early 1980s--fraught with betrayal from his parents' divorce, economic strife and a communication meltdown. The incredible story of the unlikely rise of The Drew League from humble beginnings in the crime and gang infested streets of South Central Los Angeles to the nation's foremost pro-am basketball league. Crossing racial, cultural and socioeconomic barriers, The Drew celebrates the value of basketball, persistence, loyalty and above all, community. Christian Karl Gerhartsreiter lived a life of deception and crime before settling on his ultimate scam - impersonating a Rockefeller. How was Gerhartsreiter able to dupe so many people from so many walks of life? A story that begins in a Bavarian village, continues in the most exclusive clubs on the American East Coast, - and ends in a Los Angeles court. Marked by losses and mismatches, Jose's eccentric family seek to be happy while locked in Paraiso Perdido, a nightclub that has stopped in time, where they sing popular romantic music. Documentary about the work of Claude Lorius, who began studying Antarctic ice in 1957, and, in 1965, was the first scientist to be concerned about global warming. Portrait of Tahar Cheriaa. Founder of the first african cinefestival and father of panafricanism. August 16, 1977. All of America was stunned by the news of Elvis Presley's untimely passing. Some went so far as to believe that it couldn't be true. Somehow he had faked his death. For the executives at Sun Records that fantasy became an opportunity in the form of Orion, a mysterious masked performer with the voice of The King. First appearing in 1979, Orion recorded 11 albums and performed live to packed houses and rapturous fans around the nation. But who was the man behind the mask?  In this stranger-than-fiction true story, Jeanie Finlay exposes the incredible life of an unknown singer plucked from obscurity and thrust into the spotlight with the complicity of a manipulative music industry and a public fan base unwilling to let The King go. Resonant in its themes of identity, fate, and the double-edged nature of fame, Orion is a stylish mystery story that finally gives a name and a face to a gifted artist who had been unjustly deprived of both. This documentary explores and provides new insights into the life and writing of British author Robert Aickman (1914-1981), with special reference to his celebrated 'strange stories' - modern ghost stories - his two volumes of autobiography and his campaigning work for the restoration of the British canal system. The film includes rare footage, recordings and photographs of Aickman, interviews with his friends and with writers Jeremy Dyson and Reggie Oliver, and dramatized excerpts of his stories. Pauline Kael (1919-2001) was undoubtedly one of the greatest names in film criticism. A Californian native, she wrote her first review in 1953 and joined 'The New Yorker' in 1968. Praised for her highly opinionated and feisty writing style and criticised for her subjective and sometimes ruthless reviews, Kael's writing was refreshingly and intensely rooted in her experience of watching a film as a member of the audience. Loved and hated in equal measure - loved by other critics for whom she was immensely influential, and hated by filmmakers whose films she trashed - Kael destroyed films that have since become classics such as The Sound of Music and raved about others such as Bonnie and Clyde. She was also aware of the perennial difficulties for women working in the movies and in film criticism, and fiercely fought sexism, both in her reviews and in her media appearances. Telly Paretta is a grieving mother struggling to cope with the loss of her 8-year-old son. She is stunned when her psychiatrist reveals that she has created eight years of memories about a son she never had. But when she meets a man who has had a similar experience, Telly embarks on a search to prove her son's existence, and her sanity. Mamla Hamla Jhamela is an upcoming Bangladeshi romantic drama film directed by Uttam Akash and produced by Selim Khan. Wall Writers promises unprecedented access to the early years of American graffiti. Interviews with TAKI 183 and CORNBREAD, along with other legendary artists, illuminated a time when a new form of wall writing emerged from dilapidated city neighborhoods. Four exceptional astronomers celebrate 50 years of work and friendship on a return road trip in the southwestern United States, recapturing youthful adventures and recounting each other's influences on the most exciting period in astronomy's history. Roger the instrument-maker, Donald the theoretician, Nick the visionary, and Wal the observer. Together they represent the most productive period astronomy has ever had. They helped build the world's biggest observatories and made revolutionary discoveries about the evolving universe, discoveries that have the power to change the way humanity sees itself. Alison Rose's film is a funny, insightful, humbling and intimate portrait of friendship, as the men reflect on how their profound work on the universe has reflected back on the individual, affecting their sense of religious faith, how life may have purpose, and what is knowable and unknowable. Hope is tasked with teaching Manhattan's former "Most Eligible Bachelor" how to dance for his extravagant, society wedding. But as the dance lessons progress, complications ensue when feelings begin to develop between student and instructor. Helena is a talented singer in Buenos Aires. Just as she and her band get a residency at a prestigious theater in the city, the boyfriend she's mad about coldly announces that he doesn't love her any more. The film is punctuated by intense bursts of tango. Every song moves the story along, providing an insight into the characters and access to the protagonist's feelings: nostalgia, passion, sadness, and joy in turn. The lyrical and musical wealth of tango, brilliantly performed by Eugenia Ramirez Miori, unites the two stories, past and present. 'La cantante de tango' is a poignant auteur film about a woman trying to get back on her feet after a devastating break-up. Danny Says is a documentary unveiling the amazing journey of Danny Fields. Fields has played a pivotal role in music and culture with seminal acts including: the Doors, the Velvet Underground, the Stooges, MC5, Nico, the Ramones and beyond. When all the world's a stage, crafting identity and desire is a performance that develops with and without an audience. In this Austrian documentary, the seven queer- and lesbian-identified performers of Club Burlesque Brutal discuss their experiences with identity and power. From Executive Producer Hisao Kurosawa (Dreams, Ran) comes the untold story of one of the world's greatest women artists and why her name nearly was lost to history.  Many Beautiful Things plunges viewers into the complex age of Victorian England to meet Lilias Trotter, a daring young woman who defied all norms by winning the favor of England's top art critic, John Ruskin.  In an era when women were thought incapable of producing high art, Ruskin promised that her work could be "immortal."  But with her legacy on the line, Lilias made a stunning decision that bids us to question the limits of sacrifice.  As Lilias journeys to French Algeria in the late 1800s to pioneer work with women and children, viewers are left to wonder, "Could you abandon a dream to pursue your true calling?"  Featuring the voices of Michelle Dockery (Downton Abbey) and John Rhys-Davies (Lord of the Rings, Indiana Jones). A secret love affair between a southern Baptist preacher and a young drifter challenges the equilibrium of a growing church. Nioumoune Island, Senegal. Boniface, a young priest torn between his desires, escapes from his parish. The edge of his makeshift boat, it crosses a disturbing maze of mangroves. In search of freedom, he began a journey that will confront his past, his hidden desires and the vastness of the Mauritanian desert. Artist and life-long nerd Johannes Grenzfurthner is taking us on a personal road trip from the West Coast to the East Coast of the USA, to introduce us to places and people that shaped and inspired his art and politics. Traceroute wants to chase and question the ghosts of nerddom's past, present and future. An exhilarating tour de farce into the guts of trauma, obsession and cognitive capitalism.  Features interviews with Matt Winston, Sandy Stone, Bruce Sterling, Jason Scott, Christina Agapakis, Trevor Paglen, Ryan Finnigan, Kit Stubbs, V. Vale, Sean Bonner, Allison Cameron, Josh Ellingson, Maggie Mayhem, Paolo Pedercini, Steve Tolin, Dan Wilcox, Jon Lebkowsky, Jan "Varka" Mulders, Adam Flynn, Abie Hadjitarkhani, Kelly Poots... Documentary - 'Ideas can move mountains, and can bring about whole changes in attitudes, and at the moment it is the ideas of our party and our beliefs which are changing the world'. As Margaret Thatcher knew, her ideas changed how people thought and what they aspired to. Inequality was a necessary engine to progress, greed and envy emotions to be celebrated, capitalism could find its own solution to every problem. Tracing from the convulsions of the 80s through to the 2008 financial crisis and beyond, this film examines the spread of her influence and ideology.  - Paris, 1964. The Swiss sculptor and painter Alberto Giacometti, one of the most accomplished and respected artists of his generation, asks his friend, the American writer James Lord, to sit for a portrait, assuring him that it will take no longer than two or three hours, an afternoon at the most. In 2009, Mountain Bike Hall of Fame inductee Mike "The Bike" Rust went missing from his off-the-grid property in Colorado's San Luis Valley. His disappearance--which received almost no press--remains unsolved. An innovator in his sport, Rust custom-built bikes for Colorado's mountain passes, starting a fat-tire revolution and designing gear that transformed the industry.  Salida native Nathan Ward, himself an intrepid mountain biker, set out to tell Rust's story, tracking the pioneer's subject through the infancy of the sport to his role in the thriving community that surrounds it today. Ward brings the riveting documentary to life with a unique local perspective and access. By combining interviews, re-enactments, home movies, and archival footage--and even consulting a psychic to communicate with Rust's sprit--the director/cinematographer attempts to find answers to this mystery full of loose ends and cold trails. -Denver Film Society The singer-songwriter Lucio Dalla seen through the eyes of the person closest to him in the last twenty years: Marco Alemanno. The tale of how they met and how he grew on a human, professional, and artistic level standing by Dalla's side. And much more: daily and deeper aspects of his life, his love for Southern Italy, his passion for cinema, his relationship with music, his bulimic curiosity of launching himself into new artistic adventures, his mercurial energy and his boundless sense of humor.  In the world of fetishes there's a niche for every type of proclivity. Arwed caters to a special type of customer: he runs a private prison where he is happy to find all sorts of ways to bully and victimise his paying guests on the other side of the bars. An unsettling and eye opening exploration into the spread of the radical Islamic school Red Mosque, which trains legions of children to devote their lives to jihad, or holy war, from a very young age. With incredible access and chilling footage, Among the Believers is a timely and relevant look into the causes that have led to the growth of radical Islam in Pakistan and around the world.  An independent documentary exploring the nature of identity, through the eyes of an adult trans-racial adoptee (Lucy Sheen). How being an adoptee affects and influences others like herself and what it means (if anything) to be both Chinese and British - if there is such a thing? Making a big wave dream come true. Ocean Driven is a true and gripping story that chronicles the development of South African big wave surfer Chris Bertish. His single minded pursuit of his dreams and refusal to let seemingly insurmountable obstacles stand in his way, culminates with his winning the world's premiere big wave surfing competition at Mavericks in California 2010. Moments after nearly drowning, Bertish takes the world by storm in the largest waves ever seen there. Ocean Driven is a tale of overcoming obstacles and fears, redefining possible, and empowering viewers to never give up in pursuit of their dreams. Ocean Driven features countless big wave legends, ocean specialists, and breathtaking images. From Executive Producer Hisao Kurosawa (Dreams, Ran) comes the untold story of one of the world's greatest women artists and why her name nearly was lost to history.  Many Beautiful Things plunges viewers into the complex age of Victorian England to meet Lilias Trotter, a daring young woman who defied all norms by winning the favor of England's top art critic, John Ruskin.  In an era when women were thought incapable of producing high art, Ruskin promised that her work could be "immortal."  But with her legacy on the line, Lilias made a stunning decision that bids us to question the limits of sacrifice.  As Lilias journeys to French Algeria in the late 1800s to pioneer work with women and children, viewers are left to wonder, "Could you abandon a dream to pursue your true calling?"  Featuring the voices of Michelle Dockery (Downton Abbey) and John Rhys-Davies (Lord of the Rings, Indiana Jones). The wife of a greedy man comes back to haunt him after he scares her to death. Plant loving Hilda, has created a museum where she preserves endangered and rare plants from all over the world. Meanwhile Attilem, a new genetically modified cereal, is launched on the market. Growing with little water and fertilizer while generating high crop field Attilem looks like an ideal solution to eradicate starvation and provide an alternative to diminishing oil reserves. But nothing is at it seems... After his father's untimely death, Kannan (Jayabala), an affluent young man, is hounded by a rival landlord (Rajesh) who wants to completely run him into the ground. Will Kannan be able to stand up to his adversary? By following the career of two dancers of the National Cuban Ballet, Amanda, young ballerina and Viengsay Valdez, star dancer, Horizons revisits the extraordinary destiny of Alicia Alonso, prima ballerina assoluta, with a steel temperament who is now in the twilight of her life. The Ninth Wave, Banish from Sanctuary, Nightfall, Fly, Tanelorn (Into the Void), Prophecies, The Last Candle, Lord of the Rings, Time Stands Still (at the Iron Hill), Bright Eyes, And the Story Ends, Sacred Worlds, Twilight of the Gods, Valhalla, I'm Alive, The Bard's Song - In the Forest, Mirror Mirror  Film from Jocelyne Clarke Kinshasa is a city of 10 million people without a single cinema. La Belle at the Movies examines the decline of the movie business in the Democratic Republic of the Congo's capital city by putting us in touch with audiences cut adrift from their beloved theaters. Through passionate, insightful, and deeply nostalgic interviews with filmmakers, cinema owners, government officials, and film lovers, Cecilia Zoppelletto's lyrical documentary reveals complex politics and past events inexorably linked to the fate of "the movies" -- an industry feeling orphaned but living in hope for a brighter future. An estranged family gathers together in New York for an event celebrating the artistic work of their father. Major Palfrey is off to war. He warns his two daughters, Dinah and Dorinda, that while he is away they must behave themselves: "When there is wind on the moon, you must be very careful how you behave. Because if it is an ill wind and you behave badly, it will blow straight into your heart, and then you will behave badly for a long time to come." And so it proves: before long the girls are drinking a potion provided by the local witch and turning into kangaroos, getting stuck in the zoo, and staging an escape along with their new friends, a golden puma and a silver falcon. This is the poignant untold story of warmth and compassion after a terrible war. Thousands of Jewish survivors, landed in Southern Italy, after WWII, on their way to Israel. To their surprise they were welcomed by the poor locals. In this time of psychological and physical healing, hundreds of children were born. The film follows the story of three Israeli women who were born then, in Santa-Maria-Di-Leuca. The film weaves rare historical footage with unique current testimonials capturing a ray of light after great darkness. Criminal psychologist Kate Fuller is assigned to the murder of a man who has seemingly been strangled in his sleep by his wife and the only witness is their eight-year-old daughter, Sophie. As Kate digs into the mystery of an ancient demon which kills people in their sleep, she experiences the same petrifying symptoms as all previous victims and spirals through a chilling nightmare to save herself and Sophie before she dares fall asleep again. A Life in Waves explores the life and innovations of composer and electronic music pioneer, Suzanne Ciani.  Crazy Moustache Teacher inspired by Feto "No One Will Ever Know" - An anodyne environment and a perennial lack of affection, push Lucia and Braulio to turn in the fiction world; to materialize their dreams. Neither inclement reality can stop them. Beyond being a historical record, this film explores the implied duality of Rafael Correa's public figure. The behind-the-scenes 2013 presidential re-election race, in campaign-distant black and white invites us to reflect on Ecuador's way of doing politics.   A unique, intimate and honest portrayal of a girl grieving for the loss of her best friend. That just happens to take place on the day the world ends as we know it. When a cocky industrialist's efforts to raise an ancient Chinese temple leads him to be seriously wounded and captured by enemy forces, he must use his ideas for a revolutionary power armor in order to fight back as a superhero. Two complete strangers, ANNA and STEPHEN, are brought together by chance by an elderly man who waits for his wife on a station platform. Their fateful meeting acts as a catalyst for them to examine and challenge what's going on in their different relationships, and make hard but positive decisions for themselves. If they can change their lives maybe they can meet again. Reverend David Poe and his psychiatrist wife trade hectic New York life for an idyllic rural farmhouse; the perfect place for 10 year old twins Jack &amp; Emily to run, play and imagine. Documenting this lifestyle change, David decides to film every holiday and special family event. To the Poe's horror their home movies reveal an increasing malice and evil within their children and by Valentines Day, the children's sadism has turned to a blood lust for human prey.  College and high school serve as the backdrop for two stories about dysfunction and personal turmoil. Life as a prima ballerina over 30 is tough enough for Maiko when she decides to start a family....  Alexandre just celebrated his 35th birthday. Having finished his doctorate, he is now pursuing a successful career as a junior researcher and professor specialized in issues surrounding social movements, the body, disability, and sex/gender identity. His natural charisma, quick mind, and considerable generosity have earned him the respect of his students and colleagues. Comfortable in his own skin, Alex works out, is mindful of his appearance, has many friends, and has a girlfriend he adores. No one would think that, just a few years ago, Alex identified and lived as a woman. XYZ - Portraits of a Transformation is a full-length documentary and a photographic adventure exploring the highs and lows of his incredible transition from woman to man. Sympathetic look loosely based on the relationship between tobacco heiress, Doris Duke (1912-1993) - think Duke University - and her shy butler, Bernard Lafferty. The icy and mercurial Duke fires her butler for serving a chilled cantaloupe; the agency sends Lafferty, formerly household staff to Liz Taylor and to Peggy Lee. He's an alcoholic, fresh out of rehab. He gradually becomes Duke's gay alter ego as she romps through life sleeping with young men, making shrewd decisions quickly, managing her fortune and orchids as Lafferty manages her New Jersey estate. With a wine cellar to die for, Bernard falls off the wagon. Can he pull himself together when Doris needs him? The story of communist show-trial victim Milada Horakova. Horakova was one of the first victims of the communist regime in Czechoslovakia. She opposed the communist coup in 1948 but did not leave the country. She was arrested and tried for treason on fabricated charges in a show trial that was broadcast on the radio and shown in film clips. The film focuses on the time from 1945 to 1950 when the communists took over, but also goes back a little further in Horakova's life into the late 1930s A thrilling and inspiring true story begins on the eve of World War II as, within days of becoming Prime Minister of Great Britain, Winston Churchill must face one of his most turbulent and defining trials: exploring a negotiated peace treaty with Nazi Germany, or standing firm to fight for the ideals, liberty and freedom of a nation. As the unstoppable Nazi forces roll across Western Europe and the threat of invasion is imminent, and with an unprepared public, a skeptical King, and his own party plotting against him, Churchill must withstand his darkest hour, rally a nation, and attempt to change the course of world history. At the beginning of the 20th Century, Egon Schiele is one of the most provocative artists in Vienna. His life and work are driven by beautiful women and an era that is coming to an end. Two women will have a lasting impact on him - his sister and first muse Gerti, and 17-year-old Wally, arguably Schiele's one true love, immortalized in his famous painting 'Death and the Maiden'. Schiele's radical paintings scandalize Viennese society while daring artists like Gustav Klimt and art agents alike are sensing the exceptional. But Egon Schiele is also prepared to go beyond his own pain and to sacrifice love and life for his art. A woman must deal with the devastating effects of having a murderer for a brother. 'Gabo, The Magic of Reality' is a story about the incredible power of human imagination, which follows the interwoven threads of Gabriel Garcia Marquez's life and work - "Gabo" to all of Latin America - with the narrative tension of an investigation. Eugenia's parents die. She goes to live with Amalita, her close friend. Her grandmother Amalia Pradere a wealth landlady, takes the orphan under her protection. After a chain of events, disappearing her grandchild, Eugenia will take Amalita's place. She will inherit not only Amalia's possessions but also Ezequiel's love, Amalita's widower. The life of Star Trek's Mr. Spock--as well as that of Leonard Nimoy, the actor who played Mr. Spock for almost fifty year--written and directed by his son, Adam.  Documentary - Documenting the 7th season of one man's extraordinary isolation in the wilderness, 'The Big Lonely' captures the essence of loneliness, survival, and resilience of the human spirit in a uniquely filmed manner. Director David Manougian unveils the captivating, intimate and redemptive story of Michael Nelms and his dog Tic, who, after becoming homeless, chose a life in a remote wilderness hideout over 'living under a bridge.' Micheal's stunning self-shot account is at once gritty and heartwarming, sorrowful yet awe-inspiring as we eavesdrop on a man surviving in a self-built cabin dealing with the physical and mental hardships of such a life. 'The Big Lonely' is a far too common American Story, told in an uncommonly personal full-length documentary.  - 'Bill Gaede: El Crazy Che' is a documentary about the most amazing case of industrial espionage: the incredible story of an argentine engineer born in Lanus, programmer, and cold war spy who worked at AMD and Intel. While at AMD, he provided the Cuban Government with technical information from the semiconductor industry which the Cubans passed on to the Soviet bloc, primarily to the Soviet Union and East Germany. A tragic love story based in the life of the great latin american boxer Edwin "El Inca" Valero. The story of Lucia Apicella, woman who dedicated himself to find the remains of the fallen soldiers. Nicola Costantino is one of the most controversial and admired artist of Latin America. The documentary follows the visual artist, from the first origins of her work until her participation at the last Venice Biennale 2013. The documentarian, a devoted Archie fan, searches for the real-life people behind the characters in Archie Comics, the influential teen comic strip still popular almost 75 years after its creation. Were Archie, Betty, Veronica, Moose, and Jughead based on actual students who Bob Montana, the original Archie cartoonist, had gone to high school with in the 1930s in the town of Haverhill, Massachusetts? More, is the person who inspired blonde Betty still alive? Cattle baron Matt Devereaux raids a copper smelter that is polluting his water, then divides his property among his sons. Son Joe takes responsibility for the raid and gets three years in prison. Matt dies from a stroke partly caused by his rebellious sons and when Joe gets out he plans revenge. A has-been New York rock-star teams up with a wannabe filmmaker to destroy hipster culture in New York... if they don't destroy each other first. The Life from Hells Angels Switzerland Founder Martin "Tino" Schippert A modern day musical telling of the ministry of Jesus Christ set in New York. The Apostles, portrayed as an acting troupe re-enact the parables and teachings of Jesus.  When a bestselling celebrity biographer is no longer able to get published because she has fallen out of step with current tastes, she turns her art form to deception. Based on true events, Butet wants to expand her jungle school (sokola rimba) but must contend with local opposition. A paranoia-fueled action thriller about an unsuccessful writer whose life is transformed by a top-secret "smart drug" that allows him to use 100% of his brain and become a perfect version of himself. His enhanced abilities soon attract shadowy forces that threaten his new life in this darkly comic and provocative film. NEY narrates in first person the trip that Nicholas Avruj made in the year 2000. The original itinerary consisted of a family vacation to Tel Aviv, but for a mixture of adventures and curiosity the director crossed to Gaza and West Bank. Major league baseball player, Moe Berg, a probably gay man lives a double life working for the Office of Strategic Services. Delving deep into the fascinating and sometimes deeply troubled world of Vincent van Gogh who, perhaps more than any other artist, has long captured the imagination of storytellers. He was one of the most remarkable men in early America. A self-taught painter and ornithologist, he pursued a dream that made him famous in his lifetime and left a legacy in art and science that endures to this day. His portrait hangs in the White House and his statue stands over the entrance to the American Museum of Natural History. Yet the story of John James Audubon has never been told on movie screens. In 1968 the lives of a retired doorman, hotel manager, lounge singer, busboy, beautician and others intersect in the wake of Robert F. Kennedy's assassination at the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles. Can Aydin, Phong Giand and Cha-Lee Yoon have 24 hours to save their best friends and uncover the secret safe of the Berlin underworld kingpin.  In 1942, in Nazi-occupied Amsterdam, the banker brothers Walraven and Gijsbert van Hall face their biggest challenge when they decide to help finance the Dutch resistance. Provocateur, artist, performer: Peter Vanessa "Troy" Davies was a chameleon. Using layers of identity at will, Davies charmed his way through a lifetime of secrets and lies, prostitution, art, HIV, abuse, incest and gender subversion, leaving a legacy of unanswered questions, influential performances and reams of enigmatic home video. Ecco Homo is a psychological detective story and a testament to a social history rarely documented on film Arrogant, self-centered movie director Guido Contini finds himself struggling to find meaning, purpose, and a script for his latest film endeavor. With only a week left before shooting begins, he desperately searches for answers and inspiration from his wife, his mistress, his muse, and his mother. Kim Su-im, the mistress of an American colonel, is arrested and charged with being a North Korean spy. While not denying the charge, Miss Kim takes the trial as an opportunity to relate her life as an explanation of why she committed treason as a spy. Abducted off the sidewalk of suburban America, fifteen year old Dani finds herself submerged in the horrific underground world of human trafficking. With no initial assistance from the police, Dani's mother and an ex-prostitute take to the streets in an effort to find her before it is too late. About Lauri, and through him the story of other victims of both school bullying and a separate childhood trauma: victims full of white rage, which may lead to school shootings and other extreme acts of violence. The film is also about our society: a society without sufficient understanding or desire to address the emergence of school violence. An indigenous lawyer represents the division among his people between traditional caring for the land and developing the resources it contains. A personal portrait of mythical and controversial actress Ingrid Bergman based on her many home movies and diaries. The inhabitants of Bakadadji, a village located in a Senegalese national park, are trying to finance fencing to secure their fields from protected species of animals that ruin their crops year after year. In doing so, these farmers are claiming recognition for their rural way of life, to which they are deeply attached. Reflecting the village's everyday reality, this film talks about a meeting that does not actually take place, as well as how we view rural society, whose voice is barely heard. South Bureau Homicide, set in South Los Angeles, explores the unsung bond created by the homicide detectives of LAPD and the local community's anti-violent-crime activists who together investigate and cope with the persistent menace of homicidal violence that plagues a disproportionately small part of LA. A government agent discovers a plot by a cartel of seven gangsters to take over the state of Hawaii. He hires a team of seven hitmen to stop them. The true story of the 1973 tennis match between World number one Billie Jean King and ex-champ and serial hustler Bobby Riggs. In this darkly romantic ghost story, a woman travels to an isolated cabin where she is stalked by an apparition who inhabits her space as his own. With the unexpected arrival of the woman's boyfriend, the dark spirit's haunting grows obsessive. Soon the woman begins to exhibit weirdly irrational behavior as the thin line between sanity and possession begins to unravel. Is she battling her inner demons, or is a much darker presence threatening them all? Famous for its Heavenly Hots (pancakes topped with fruit compote), Ina's was a Chicago breakfast institution. Every customer received a warm welcome from proprietor and chef Ina Pinkney, the "Breakfast Queen." After 33 years in the restaurant business, Pinkney retired in 2013. Following the restaurant's final month, Breakfast at Ina's celebrates a beloved Chicago eatery and a woman who achieved her dream against the odds. Arms dealer Yolaf Peterson aims to make a sale to guerilla Mongo, but the money is locked in a bank safe, the combination known only to Professor Xantos, a prisoner of the Americans. Yolaf agrees to free Xantos, accompanied by reluctant guerilla Basco, but a former business partner of Yolaf's- John 'The Wooden Hand', has other ideas.   Documentary - The Rise &amp; Fall of the Michigan Film Incentives. - Neglected and unsupervised, a group of high school seniors are pulled into a downward cycle of violence. This anthropological documentary examines the Festival of St. James and its roots in the town of Loiza, Puerto Rico. Elle a une passion: la danse. Une ambition: danser a Broadway. Un handicap: elle est muette. Le samedi soir, dans une boite new-yorkaise, elle affronte les plus grands DJ et, quelle que soit la musique, techno, funk, jazz ou soul, elle garde le tempo et met le public a genoux. Un soir, dans la foule, un jeune scientifique la decouvre, fascine. Avec elle, il inventera un systeme qui lui permettra de danser, de s'exprimer et d'aimer... The Road to Home (2015), tells the story of Benny Wenda, the Nobel Peace Prize nominated West Papuan independence leader, in his ongoing struggle to free his people from Indonesian colonial rule. Since his dramatic escape from an Indonesian prison in 2002, where he was held in isolation and tortured as a political prisoner, Benny has been an unceasing crusader on the international scene, campaigning to bring about an end to the suffering of his people at the hands Indonesia's brutal colonial regime. Granted political asylum in the UK, Wenda's freedom of movement was restricted in 2011 when, at the behest of the Indonesian government, Interpol issued a 'red notice' putting him at extreme risk of extradition should he travel. Lithuanian photographer, the legend of Soviet Sixties' generation Vitas Luckus tragically passed away in 1987. Yet the life and times of the talented rebel still impassion and lead us to a journey questioning why, at all times, we are wary of those who are really free. Roland Sallinger is an LA cop who after nearly being killed by his greedy partner, and eventually being forced to retire for medical reasons, flees to San Antonio, Texas, after being asked to work as a bodyguard for the daughter of a wealthy businessman. The businessman had been a colleague of Sallinger years before, when they were both cops. When mobsters kidnap the businessman's daughter, he hunts them down to rescue her and protect her Acclaimed writer and historian Deborah E. Lipstadt must battle for historical truth to prove the Holocaust actually occurred when David Irving, a renowned denier, sues her for libel. After his best friend Mikey goes missing, Karl goes on a search mission to find him in the supposed woodlands he was last seen in. During his search, things take an unexpected turn and Karl finds himself up against not only mother natures fury but a hidden secret that the woods harvest. Fully authorized, access-all-areas feature doc on the hugely charismatic and globally adored Usain Bolt - officially the fastest man alive. With never-before-seen archive footage of his youth in Jamaica, through to original footage that will be captured at his fourth and final Olympic Games in Rio, where he will compete for the gold in both the 100 and 200 metres races, for a third straight Games before his retirement in 2017. I AM BOLT will reveal the man and define the legacy of this incredible athlete. The film on the life of guru Osho Rajneesh and his spiritual journey to enlightenment. ANDRE'S EYES is an experimental docudrama in which the actual family members themselves participate in the recreation of their own story. Set in a small village in the Portuguese countryside, the film follows the struggle of a divorced father to keep his family together after his youngest son is taken away from them and placed in a foster family. Every family has its secrets, the family of Portuguese filmmaker Mourao included. As the granddaughter of the well-known writer Tomaz de Figueiredo, she picks apart several of them in an intimate yet universally meaningful way. As such, her film also becomes a portrait of dictatorship and resistance and of the urge to create art. A structuralist film in which the filmmakers uses the capabilities of the optical printer. The processing of the image surface emphasizes the materiality of the medium, and turns the medium of film itself into a subject. This film even undermines the essential characteristic of the medium - the sequence of single images that suggests movement - by also showing the filmstrip itself. The cinematic illusion is broken, and at the same time it is shown as film. Carvalho's Journey is a feature length documentary about Solomon Nunes Carvalho (1815-1897) a pioneering American Jewish artist and daguerreotypist born in Charleston, South Carolina. Produced for national broadcast on PBS, film festivals and wide educational distribution, the film tells the saga of Carvalho's extraordinary trip across the west as the first photographer to accompany an exploring expedition to the West. Visually ambitious and extensively researched, the film features interviews with scholars and writers, rare archival materials, original landscape cinematography and re-creations of the daguerreotype process to weave together a compelling narrative of the expansion of the American continent as seen through the eyes of a pioneering American artist. Fatima Ali Alhameli was the first Emirati female camel owner to enter her camel in the country's camel beauty pageant competition and participate in Abu Dhabi's camel auctions. Her attempts faced stiff opposition from the organisers and society. However, she persisted as she was determined to represent Emirati women in this largely male bastion and keen on proving to the world that her gender would not hold her back. An inspiring film about a woman's courage and pioneering spirit. Geeky student Arnie Cunningham falls for Christine, a rusty 1958 Plymouth Fury, and becomes obsessed with restoring the classic automobile to her former glory. As the car changes, so does Arnie, whose newfound confidence turns to arrogance behind the wheel of his exotic beauty. Arnie's girlfriend Leigh and best friend Dennis reach out to him, only to be met by a Fury like no other. A teenager's quest to launch Norwegian Black Metal in Oslo in the 1990s results in a very violent outcome. A loving portrait of reclusive comic-book writer Tiziano Sclavi, creator of Dylan Dog Young lawyer Ruth Bader Ginsburg teams with her husband Marty to bring a groundbreaking case before the U.S. Court of Appeals and overturn a century of sex discrimination. The story of Richard and Mildred Loving, an interracial couple, whose challenge of their anti-miscegenation arrest for their marriage in Virginia led to a legal battle that would end at the US Supreme Court.   For the past 3 decades, Arctic explorer Lonnie Dupre has traveled - by dogsled, skis and kayak - more than 15,000 miles throughout the High Arctic and polar regions. His life-long love of the Arctic and the knowledge he has gained by traveling and living with the Inuit people has led him to pursue one aim: advocating for these fragile Arctic environments that impact the well being of the whole planet. WHO IS GIL SCOTT-HERON? was released alongside "Nothing New", an album of stripped down acoustic versions of songs from Gil's back catalogue, recorded with Richard Russell in New York between 2005 and 2009. The film chronicles the rise and fall of the world's most feared drug lord Pablo Escobar and his volatile love affair with Colombia's most famous journalist Virginia Vallejo throughout a reign of terror that tore a country apart. Working largely uncredited in the Hollywood system, storyboard artist Harold and film researcher Lillian left an indelible mark on classics by Alfred Hitchcock, Steven Spielberg, Mel Brooks, Stanley Kubrick, Roman Polanski and many more. Lifta is the only Arab village abandoned in the 1948 Arab-Israeli war that has not been completely destroyed or repopulated.  The Idol is a 1966 British drama film directed by Daniel Petrie and starring Jennifer Jones, Michael Parks, Jennifer Hilary and Guy Doleman. A rebellious student embarks on an affair with the mother of his best friend, leading to disastrous consequences. "Man in Red Bandana" is about Welles Remy Crowther, an extraordinary 9/11 hero. However, how his heroics became known is even more remarkable.  Eight months after the disaster, his parents learned about how their son spent his last hour due to an ordinary object ... a red bandana.  This revelation dramatically shifts their perspective on their loss. After hearing his remarkable story and how it unfolds, viewers will see how the actions of one man have touched 1,000s. This inspirational segment of the film depicts the unique, diverse and folklore ways that Welles is honored throughout the United States including in art, sports and song.  Even President Barack Obama pays homage to this young man in the film.  Our uplifting ending culminates in the revelation of a secret about Welles that can only be described as "perfect". The story of Scottish psychiatrist RD Laing and his unique community at Kingsley Hall, East London in the 1960s. In the fifth century, constant civil war scars western China. To escape death, Ti, a young scout, jumps through a crevice in the Zu mountains where he meets and becomes the apprentice of Ting Yin, a spiritual man with great fighting powers. They encounter a monk, Hsiao Yu, also a great fighter and a good man, but unfriendly to Ting. Because Ting and Hsiao can't work together, it falls to Ti to team with Hsiao's acolyte Yi Chen: they have 49 days to travel far to claim two swords that are the only weapons that can defeat the Blood Demon, who has decided the wreak havoc on the world. They get help from Long Brows, Ting falls in love with a countess, and civil war still rages. Documentary about economic changes in Latvia in early 90-ties and banking crisis, viewed through fate of director's father: bank owner. After bank collapses he flew Latvia and is found only after 17 years. It's 1948 and the Cold War has arrived in Chile. In the Congress, prominent Communist Senator and popular poet Pablo Neruda accuses the government of betraying the Party and is stripped of his parliamentary immunity by President Gonzalez Videla. The Chief of Investigative Police instructs inspector Oscar Peluchonneau to arrest the poet. Neruda tries to escape from the country with his wife, the painter Delia del Carril, but they are forced to go underground. Haunted by the memory of civil war, an old Lebanese man revisits the last few moments of a fateful bus ride that leads up to the murder of his beloved. The Wounds We Cannot See tells the gripping story of former US Navy Airman Nancy Ross of Hingham, Massachusetts who was falsely adopted because of a family secret she never knew. Ross was violently raped during her service in 1988 and has since struggled with addiction, mental illness and depression. She continues to battle Post Traumatic Stress Disorder as a direct result of her attack and subsequent abusive relationships. While Nancy has undergone extensive therapy since her honorable discharge from the Navy she still suffers from addiction and mental illness, living in constant fear of the future. The life of Frank Sinatra, as an actor and singer and the steps along the way that led him to become such an icon. Armed with a limitless Rolodex and a Benedict Canyon enclave with its own disco, Allan Carr threw the Hollywood parties that defined the 1970s. A producer, manager, and marketing genius, Carr built his bombastic reputation amid a series of successes including the mega-hit musical film "Grease," until it all came crashing down after he produced the 1989 Academy Awards, a notorious debacle.  Eric Nui Cabales, body-painter, costume designer, photographer and conceptual artist struggles to find new directions after the death of his father. With a strong desire to move forward, and with the support of family and a group of friends and artists, Eric finds purpose at the roots of his affections: Kayama, where the river and the sea meet, the landscape of his memories and the inner source of his inspiration. Humanity makes a deal with a new client.  Based on the comic "Good Business" by Simon Roy Tjokroaminoto (Tjokro) who was born of nobility Java with strong Islamic background, did not say anything to see the condition of the people of poverty and social inequality early after the Cultivation and ethical policy around 1900. He dared to leave the status of nobility and worked as a stevedore .  Tjokro struggling to build an organization SI, largest first bumiputera official organization, which has up to two million members. He struggled to equalize the rights and dignity of the Bumiputera community colonized. This struggle became the inception of character and national movement.  Tjokro is the intellectual, clever stratagems, has a lot of expertise, including a martial arts champion, engineers and legal, critical newspaper writer, orator who is able to enchant thousands of people, making the Dutch government concerned, and act to inhibit the rate of motion of the SI. Tjokro struggle through SI organization also threatened by divisions of the organization itself. The filmmaker, Simon Bruckner, goes in search of his long-deceased father, one of the central figures of the German students' movement. A picture of a multi-faceted character emerges and a piece of German history is retold. After moving to a vineyard with her family, a pregnant woman experiences horrifying visions. The subversive masterpieces of Russian-Ukrainian writer Isaac Babel challenged the reality of life under rising totalitarianism, and led to his arrest and execution in 1940. In Finding Babel, Andrei Malaev-Babel confronts complex traces of a turbulent history that echo in his grandfather's writing and in the conflicts of today's Ukraine and Russia. Babel's fiction is woven into Andrei's search with ethereal animation that puts the viewer, like Babel's readers, between fantasy and reality. These children live in the four corners of the earth, but share the same thirst for learning. They understand that only education will allow them a better future and that is why, every day, they must set out on the long and perilous journey that will lead them to knowledge. Jackson and his younger sister from Kenya walk 15 kilometres each way through a savannah populated by wild animals; Carlito rides more than 18 kilometres twice a day with his younger sister, across the plains of Argentina; Zahira lives in the Moroccan Atlas Mountains who has an exhausting 22 kilometres walk along punishing mountain paths before she reaches her boarding school; Samuel from India sits in a clumsy DIY wheelchair and the 4 kilometres journey is an ordeal each day, as his two younger brothers have to push him all the way to school... Operating under a pseudonym which means 'no boundaries' - North Korean defector Sun Mu creates political pop art based on his life, homeland, and hope for a future united Korea. His hidden identity is nearly compromised when a massive historical exhibit in Beijing is shuttered by Chinese and North Korean authorities. Refugee here I am, is a musical documentary based on the life of a Congolese Musician Enzo Ikah, a refugee and a renown reggae artist living in Istanbul. First hand witness to the infamous World War II fire bombing and destruction of his hometown, Dresden, Germany, 15-year-old Diether Warneck lost his girlfriend and bicycled to the front-lines of the war, enlisting in the German army under Hitler's rule. This single decision would haunt him for the rest of his life. Recalling the series of events that lead to his survival, Diether shares the extreme guilt he hid for seventy years while experiencing a life filled with love, family, intrigue, art and personal accomplishment. Conrad, a sailor aboard a Navy battleship, is swabbing the deck when he is interrupted and tormented by Daffy Duck. An ultraconservative police officer suffers a debilitating stroke and is assigned to a rehabilitative program that includes singing lessons - with the drag queen next door. A depiction of the conflict between King Henry VIII of England and his Lord Chancellor, Sir Thomas More, who refuses to swear the Oath of Supremacy declaring Henry Supreme Head of the Church in England. Agathe von Trapp, the eldest daughter of a well-known musical family, overcomes many obstacles to pursue her musical career and move to the United States. Stand-up comedian Kevin Hart talks about his family, travel and a year full of reckless behavior in front of a live sold-out crowd in London. The well-known "Flying Dagger" Chung and his nephew Lam lived on rewards from apprehending bandits. Chung refused the love of "Great Coquette" Lady Fung. Therefore, Fung always mess up Chung's business for revenge. Flying Fox, the country's number one bandit, had stolen the millionaire Tsao's evidence of being a traitor. Hence, Tsao employed Chung to catch the bandit. Flying Fox's wife, Flying Cat seduced Chung to save her husband, which caused jealousy and a severe fight with Fung. Meanwhile Lam was kidnapped by Tsao. Chung and Fung finally realized that Tsao was the head of East Wing. They united together to beat against Tsao... Portrait of Jake Bickelhaupt from his underground restaurant, Sous Rising, to his 2 Michelin star winning restaurant, 42 Grams. Nigel is an Oxford graduate British entrepreneur who wedded his husband last year in the UK, whereas Shmiley is a Hongkongese local who is living on governmental allowance. They exchange their unique views about their lives and discuss the inevitable journey of growing old in this ever vigorous city. In Zola's Paris, an ingenue arrives at a tony bordello: she's Nana, guileless, but quickly learning to use her erotic innocence to get what she wants. She's an actress for a soft-core filmmaker and soon is the most popular courtesan in Paris, parlaying this into a house, bought for her by a wealthy banker. She tosses him and takes up with her neighbor, a count of impeccable rectitude, and with the count's impressionable son. The count is soon fetching sticks like a dog and mortgaging his lands to satisfy her whims.  Summer 1962 and Olli Maki has a shot at the world championship title in featherweight boxing. From the Finnish countryside to the bright lights of Helsinki, everything has been prepared for his fame and fortune. All Olli has to do is lose weight and concentrate. But there is a problem - he has fallen in love with Raija. The story of U.S. President Lyndon Baines Johnson from his young days in West Texas to the White House. The life and work of Robert Frank--as a photographer and a filmmaker--are so intertwined that they're one in the same, and the vast amount of territory he's covered, from The Americans in 1958 up to the present, is intimately registered in his now-formidable body of artistic gestures. From the early '90s on, Frank has been making his films and videos with the brilliant editor Laura Israel, who has helped him to keep things homemade and preserve the illuminating spark of first contact between camera and people/places. Don't Blink is Israel's like-minded portrait of her friend and collaborator, a lively rummage sale of images and sounds and recollected passages and unfathomable losses and friendships that leaves us a fast and fleeting imprint of the life of the Swiss-born man who reinvented himself the American way, and is still standing on ground of his own making at the age of 90. Infamous London gangster cousins, Micky Mannock and Ray Collishaw, are at the top of the food chain, when their world is turned upside down as they lose a shipment of the Russian Mafia's cocaine in rough seas. Set in London, Amsterdam and Berlin, the story races across Europe at breakneck speed as Micky and Ray attempt to stay one step ahead of the Police. Can they pull off a daring diamond heist in time to put things right and retire to a "legitimate" way of life. Nate Foster, a young, idealistic FBI agent, goes undercover to take down a radical white supremacy terrorist group. The bright up-and-coming analyst must confront the challenge of sticking to a new identity while maintaining his real principles as he navigates the dangerous underworld of white supremacy. Inspired by real events. Annie is a young, happy foster kid who's also tough enough to make her way on the streets of New York in 2014. Originally left by her parents as a baby with the promise that they'd be back for her someday, it's been a hard knock life ever since with her mean foster mom Miss Hannigan. But everything's about to change when the hard-nosed tycoon and New York mayoral candidate Will Stacks--advised by his brilliant VP and his shrewd and scheming campaign advisor--makes a thinly-veiled campaign move and takes her in. Stacks believes he's her guardian angel, but Annie's self-assured nature and bright, sun-will-come-out-tomorrow outlook on life just might mean it's the other way around. Donald Crowhurst competes in an around the world boat race. His lack of experience and mental state soon lead to tragedy. Two disconnected sisters are summoned to clean out their childhood bedrooms before their parents sell their family home. The Nice House tells Rosie's story: how the man she met and fell in love with would one day murder their only son. With their golden era long behind them, comedy duo Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy embark on a variety hall tour of Britain and Ireland. Despite the pressures of a hectic schedule, and with the support of their wives Lucille and Ida - a formidable double act in their own right - the pair's love of performing, as well as for each other, endures as they secure their place in the hearts of their adoring public The Gate of Departure is a meditation on grief, death and psychological entrapment that dispenses dialogue and narrative for a visual experience that breaks the conventions. Celebrated muralist Edythe Boone uses buildings as canvases to convey her stories of pain, perseverance and hope in an effort to raise awareness about the ongoing and necessary struggles for racial justice and gender equality.  The artist is at work restoring the San Francisco Women's Building mural 'Maestrapeace" and helping middle school children and senior citizens paint their own murals. The Kodachrome Dailies consist of all the Kodachrome footage chosen to be worked with to make the film Song and Solitude during years 2005 and 2006. During that period I still had the great privilege to be shooting Kodachrome. My method for editing was to first select the footage I wanted to use from the original camera rolls and then make an internegative and work print of that selected material to work with in the editing. (In an earlier period, I did not have to first make an internegative, but could more simply make a work print directly off the camera original, but Kodak cancelled the reversal work print film stock.)  A gripping drama, "Amiri &amp; Aroha," a Maori take on Romeo and Juliet is set against a background of gang rivalry and betrayal filmed on New Zealand's stunning East Cape. Featuring an outstanding ensemble cast, including Kristel Day (who co-produced with David Whittet), Michael Hollis, Cushla Tangaere, Shayne Biddle (recently acclaimed for his performance in the Strength of Water) and Walter Walsh. The original music, including two haunting Maori songs, was composed and performed by Tia Takarangi-Chan. During a routine patrol, a reporter is given permission to interview a a hardened cold-war warrior and captain of the American destroyer USS Bedford. The reporter gets more than he bargained for when the Bedford discovers a Soviet sub and the captain begins a relentless pursuit, pushing his crew to breaking point. Satoshi Murayama, the shogi (Japanese chess) master known as the arch-rival of Yoshiharu Habu, the shogi genius of the century, died of an intractable disease at age 29. Satoshi devoted his life to fighting not only the disease but also his rivals, feverishly pursuing the highest title, at risk to his life. Director Yoshitaka Mori (Hyakuhachi (2008), Space Brothers (2012)) depicts Murayama's true struggling life, full of love from his parents and teacher, based on the non-fiction novel written by Yoshio Osaki. Kenichi Matsuyama intensely portrays Satoshi and physically embodies the character. FOR MY SISTERS is a movie about black culture or rather: black women, specifially: a movie about black singers. Alberta Hunter, Sarah Vaughan, Carmen McRae, Nina Simone. They are the four "Big Sisters", singer Carole Alston follows through to the age of jazz. Alston, "a voice as dark and sweet as molasses", as described by the Financial Times, was born in Washington, DC and has been living in Vienna for almost 30 years. She is sure: "Those four icons help you explain what jazz is and even the history of jazz right along." 'Tup-Akka-Lakko' is sequel to 'Koeputkiaikuinen ja Simon enkelit' in witch doctor Jyra (Hamalainen) invented test-tube-adult (Spede) who look exactly like matematition Mutikainen. When the test-tube-adults body emerged 'cause doctors mistake, voice moved living into Mutikainens body. And that is reason for many problems what happen to people in this film. A Texas family reflects on the forgotten television documentary produced about them in 1960, describing how the program both mirrored and distorted the reality of their lives. Combining rare footage with new interviews, TV FAMILY opens a window onto the limitations of television and representations of family in midcentury America. The true story of Madalyn Murray O'Hair -- iconoclast, opportunist, and outspoken atheist -- from her controversial rise to her untimely demise. Mary Beth is a marine biologist that gets annoyed when a dog called Zeus stows aboard her research boat. Nevertheless she is intrigued when the intrusive canine makes best-friends with her captive dolphin, Roxanne. She falls in love with Zeus's owner, Terry, a musician who rides a bike. The untold story of Katherine G. Johnson, Dorothy Vaughan and Mary Jackson - brilliant African-American women working at NASA and serving as the brains behind one of the greatest operations in history - the launch of astronaut John Glenn into orbit. The visionary trio crossed all gender and race lines to inspire generations to dream big. Merry Riana (Chelsea Islan) who just graduated from high school is forced to flee to Singapore because of social riots. The trip to the airport is not safe. They are confronted by swarms of looters and forced off their belongings for safety. At the airport, Merry's parent (Ferry Salim & Cyntia Lamusu) sell what is attached to their body, but only able to buy one ticket for Merry.  Merry arrives in Singapore alone. With the sum of money to buy food that will run out five times, she has to find somewhere to stay and survive. From social media she finds her friend Irene (Kimberly Ryder) who is also going to college. With the help of Irene, Merry find a gap in the rules which are so strict and Singapore. She is not only allowed to stay in the dorm, she passes the selection examination and is received at one of the best universities. But, it can only be obtained if Merry pay $ 40,000. With his wife's disappearance having become the focus of an intense media circus, a man sees the spotlight turned on him when it's suspected that he may not be innocent. The story of Jose Abelardo Barbosa, narrated from the time of his youth, when he was at medical school, and dropped everything to become a radio announcer. After that, we follow the transformation of his life and the creation of his alter ego, Chacrinha. John Arnold DeMarco is a man who believes he is Don Juan, the greatest lover in the world. Clad in a cape and mask, DeMarco undergoes psychiatric treatment with Dr. Jack Mickler to cure him of his apparent delusion. But the psychiatric sessions have an unexpected effect on the psychiatric staff and, most profoundly, Dr Mickler, who rekindles the romance in his complacent marriage.  Panti Bliss is many things: part glamorous aunt, part Jessica Rabbit, she's a wittily incisive performer with charisma to burn who is regarded as one of the best drag queens in the business. Created by Rory O'Neill, Panti is also an accidental activist and in her own words 'a court jester, whose duty is to say the un-sayable'. Over the last few years Rory has become a figurehead for LGBT rights in Ireland and since the recent scandal around Pantigate, his fight for equality and against homophobia has been recognised all around the world. A trailer for a silent film that never was ... and probably shouldn't have been, anyways.  A documentary on the life and career of silent film star Mabel Normand. Our two-hour film highlights the life and career of Dr. Schreiber with respect and clarity. Raemer, his wife Marge, and young daughter Paula would move to the high-desert of New Mexico where he and other brilliant minds would change the world forever. The film tells the story of the energetic and pulsating singer Elis Regina since her arrival in Rio de Janeiro at age 19 until her tragic and early death. Despite all the difficulties, success comes fulminant and the life of Elis Regina gained national and international recognition, becoming undoubtedly considered today the greatest Brazilian singer of all time. A personal documentary about a public subject, My Father's Vietnam personifies the connections made and unmade by the Vietnam War. Featuring never-before-seen photographs and 8mm footage of the era, My Father's Vietnam is the story of three soldiers, only one of whom returned home alive. Interviews with the filmmaker's Vietnam Veteran father, and the friends and family members of two men he served with who were killed there, give voice to individuals who continue to silently carry the psychological burdens of a war that ended over 40 years ago. My Father's Vietnam carries with it the potential to encourage audiences to broach the subjects of service and sacrifice with the veterans in their lives. Fien de la Mar (1898-1965) was a Dutch actress with exceptional allure and extraordinary talent. With this she celebrated many triumphs, but her life ultimately ended in tragedy. A lyrical film portrait of photographer Philip Perkis, who penetrates life's essential questions through his 60 years working in black and white photography. A 5-year-old girl embarks on a harrowing quest for survival amid the sudden rise and terrifying reign of the Khmer Rouge in Cambodia. The story of Nobel prize nominee Dr Mechoulam from his early days as a child of the Holocaust in Bulgaria, through his immigration to Israel, and his career as the chief investigator into the chemistry and biology of the world's most misunderstood plant. Dr. Mechoulam ascertained that THC interacts with the largest receptor system in the human body, the endocannabinoid system. After being for eleven years in the city, Jose Antonio Baptista returned to his home village to focus on literature. Based on the real life love story of Moideen and Kanchanamala, which happened in 1960s in the backdrops of Calicut. The daughter of a Nebraska minister, Anna Louise Strong earned a Ph.D. in philosophy at the University of Chicago. But it was in the Pacific Northwest, where she witnessed the 1916 Everett massacre and chronicled the 1919 Seattle General Strike, that her political vision took shape. In Moscow she helped found the first English language newspaper, in Spain her many visits resulted in her book, Spain in Arms; and in China she interviewed Mao in a Yan'an cave in 1946. She is buried in Beijing in a special cemetery for martyrs of the revolution. Brazil, 18th century. The colony of Portugal endures a decline in gold production. A Portuguese minority rules over a corrupt and autocratic society. Joaquim is an efficient soldier, famous for capturing gold smugglers. While waiting for his promotion to Lieutenant, he leaves for a risky mission in search of new gold mines - the only way to buy the freedom of Blackie, a slave he is in love with. Inspired by the true story of Tiradentes, the first leader of the Brazilian revolutionary movement. A master strategist is appointed following Veerappan's unabashed spate of crimes and murders. The official puts in place Operation Cocoon, which involves setting up a network of spies and informers. The true story of Marine Corporal Megan Leavey, who forms a powerful bond with an aggressive combat dog, Rex. While deployed in Iraq, the two complete more than 100 missions and save countless lives, until an IED explosion puts their faithfulness to the test. Nanak Shah Fakir is a biographical film on the life and teachings of the first Sikh guru, Guru Nanak Dev.  In 2041, humans live side-by-side with robots and androids. A well-known cybernetic engineer, Alex Garel, returns to his hometown to create a new model of robot child. Addicted to breaking records, this former world champion puts his mind and body on the line one last time. 20 years after his last world record he is in the American desert looking for purpose and salvation on a speed machine he built in his Scottish kitchen. Will his ageing body and fragile psyche cope with the pressure he will find on Nevada's State Route 305? Indian biographical sports film directed by Tony D'Souza based on the life of the former Indian international cricketer, Mohammad Azharuddin. It will star emraan hashmi in the lead role alongside Prachi Desai , Nargis Fakhri and Huma Qureshi Based on True Story of a Princess in India. Her journey of strength and courage and living with Dignity, at times where women hardly had any freedom. Vietnam veteran 'Four Leaf' Tayback's memoir, Tropic Thunder, is being made into a film, but Director Damien Cockburn can't control the cast of prima donnas. Behind schedule and over budget, Cockburn is ordered by a studio executive to get filming back on track, or risk its cancellation. On Tayback's advice, Cockburn drops the actors into the middle of the jungle to film the remaining scenes but, unbeknownst to the actors and production, the group have been dropped in the middle of the Golden Triangle, the home of heroin-producing gangs. A portrait of one of the first female lawyers in Alabama, who fought tirelessly for segregation reform and equal rights for women in the face of adversity in the 1960's and beyond. A ne'er-do-well who's married to a millionnaire realizes his financial trouble might be solved if his wife was dead - and sets out a plot to achieve just that. A remake of Dino Risi's "il vedovo". The story of R&B singer and actress Aaliyah; namely, the highs and lows of her career, her romantic pursuits, and the events leading up to her death in 2001 at the age of 22.  After her parents' separation, eight-year-old Caro moves in with her mother and her stepfather, Felipe. Even though her mother makes it clear that she will never see her father again, Caro wants nothing more than for him to return. Feeling abandoned, she seeks refuge near the well in the backyard of their house, a secret place. As she grows up, distant from her mother, Caro discovers a secret about her father that will change her forever. A Filipino general who believes he can turn the tide of battle in the Philippine-American war. But little does he know that he faces a greatest threat to the country's revolution against the invading Americans. A mother travels to Patagonia with her autistic son with the hope that a ranger and a pod of wild orcas can help him find an emotional connection. In the lead up to the 1956 Olympic games, a group of missionaries are tasked with helping the fledgling Australian basketball team compete in their first ever Olympics, and in doing so, unite a nation still coming to grips after the war. Based on the inspiring and powerful true story and journal entries of Rachel Joy Scott- the first student killed in the Columbine high school shooting in 1999. Producer Alfredo Bini's life told through interviews with many of the people who knew him but, mostly, from the point of view of the hotel owner who put him up for the last 10 years of his life, when he was broke and homeless Robbie Knievel, 52 and the owner of 20 world records and 350 jumps worldwide, life is uncovered through his personal pursuit of sobriety and the need of continuing his father's legacy by jumping once again.  The true story about the biggest warcriminal from Holland during world war II, Andries "Al Capone" Riphagen. Lou Andreas-Salome, the woman who enraptured 19th century Europe's greatest minds, recounts her life to Ernst Pfeiffer in this German film directed by Cordula Kablitz-Post. A published novelist, poet and essayist, Salome's desire to live a life free from convention scandalized society but spurred genius and passion in others, including Friedrich Nietzsche, Paul Ree and her lover, the poet Rainer Maria Rilke. Under the tutelage of Sigmund Freud, she became the first female psychoanalyst. In 1947, Lord Mountbatten assumes the post of last Viceroy, charged with handing India back to its people, living upstairs at the house which was the home of British rulers, whilst 500 Hindu, Muslim and Sikh servants lived downstairs. This feature length documentary explores intimacy through art. Based on travel journals, it takes us inside Tomasz 's world, who travels to San Francisco for the first time in his life. Followed by the camera's eye, we get to witness his process of experiencing America. The story develops organically as he establishes relationships with various people who cross his path. Witnessing his intimate encounters becomes a main point of the film. After 18 years living in Italy, the Cuban Barbara Ramos returns to live in her homeland. In the town of Santa Clara, she discovers through the projects of family and friends what has changed in Cuba but also what has not and will likely never change. Shot over a period of three years - the time it took Barbara to build her dream house - RETURN TO CUBA chronicles her life in the wake of Raul Castro's liberal reforms and reconciliation with the United States of America. A light-hearted yet energetic movie positively demonstrating that finding happiness is possible in today's Cuba! The life of celebrated but reclusive author, J.D. Salinger, who gained worldwide fame with the publication of his novel, The Catcher in the Rye. Documentary about the first trans firefighter in New York City. A young Scottish singer, Rose-Lynn Harlan, dreams of making it as a country artist in Nashville after being released from prison. Historical and biographical film about the life and work of Ukrainian writer Ivan Franko. A documentary exploring the birth, death and resurrection of illustrated movie poster art. Through interviews with a number of key art personalities from the 70s and 80s, as well as many modern, alternative poster artists, "Twenty-Four by Thirty-Six" aims to answer the question: What happened to the illustrated movie poster? Where did it disappear to, and why? In the mid 2000s, filling the void left behind by Hollywood's abandonment of illustrated movie posters, independent artists and galleries began selling limited edition, screenprinted posters -- a movement that has quickly exploded into a booming industry with prints selling out online in seconds, inspiring Hollywood studios to take notice of illustration in movie posters once more. A compelling biopic about Qi Gong, China's most prestigious calligrapher and ink painter.  This biopic follows the middle and later years of the life of Qi Gong (1912-2005), China's most prestigious calligrapher and ink painter, whose dedication to teaching his art influenced many generations of artists. A lifelong yet unconcerned victim of forgery ('they do it better than me'), Qi Gong suffered for his calling, particularly during the Cultural Revolution. Yet throughout his life he showed a tolerance and generosity of spirit that made him a beloved teacher and an icon for traditional Chinese Culture. My Best Friend's Birthday is a partially lost black-and-white amateur film. The original cut was about 70 minutes long but due to a fire only 36 minutes of the film survived. It is about Mickey, who has been dumped by his girlfriend, and Clarence, who's trying to give his friend an unforgettable birthday. The film plots a broad graph of the life of Pu La Deshpande from birth till 60 years of age. In this travel we meet some real and some ficititious characters which have inspired and shaped his personality. We also see some events which were milestones in his life A film about Claude Shannon, the "Father of Information Theory" The film focuses on the little-known love affair of the terrorist Fanny Kaplan with the brother of Vladimir Lenin, Dmitriy Ilyich Ulyanov, and questions whether she really tried to assassinate Lenin in 1918. Can the son of J. Paul Getty, at one time the richest man in the world, be a serious composer? After mysteriously saying Goodbye Forever at the peak of their success 13 years ago, the smalls have reformed for one last redemptive tour--- closing the loop internally as band-mates, estranged friends, and with their long-adoring fans. At the end of the 18th century in Bulgaria under Ottoman slavery, a young woman leaves home and family to become leader of a guerrilla gang. Painting is an unacceptable vocation for a woman in provincial Germany in the year 1900, but budding artist Paula Becker is determined to make her own rules. The story of New Zealander, Bruce McLaren, who founded the McLaren Motor Racing team, showing the world that a man of humble beginnings could take on the elite of motor racing and win. A story of five Finnish youth growing up during the devastating 90's recession. They live in the small, timber industrial town of Heinola. As the parents of these young teens struggle through hard economic times, the five very different youth meet by coincidence to form the punk band Apulanta.  The story of a man and his monsters. Based on the true story of acclaimed music icon "Dalida" born in Cairo, who gained celebrity in the 50s, singing in French, Spanish, Arabic, Hebrew, German, Italian, playing in awarded Youssef Chahine's picture "Le Sixieme Jour", and who later committed suicide in 1987 in Paris, after selling more than 130 million records worldwide. Historical biographical religious drama film based on the memoirs of Ignatius of Loyola, founder of the Jesuit order who was also canonized as a saint in Roman Catholicism. Known for his mournful "Adagio for Strings," Samuel Barber was never quite fashionable. This acclaimed film is a probing exploration of his music and melancholia. Performance, oral history, musicology, and biography combine to explore the life and music of one of America's greatest composers. Features Thomas Hampson, Leonard Slatkin, Marin Alsop and many more of the world's leading experts on Barber's music, with tributes from composers Leonard Bernstein, Aaron Copland, Virgil Thomson and William Schuman. The film was broadcast on PBS, and screened at nine film festivals internationally, with three best-of awards. It was named a Recording of the Year 2017 by MusicWeb International. Felix Yzagun Manalo is a sprawling historical epic that traces the origin of Iglesia Ni Cristo (The Church of Christ) which is established in the Philippines from its humble beginnings in 1914 through the present day. It is 1939. Flamboyant Czech diplomat Jan Masaryk has fled to America to escape his recent past. Germany has invaded Czechoslovakia and Masaryk is now a man with no nation. In America he tries to forget the personal and political betrayal he and his country have suffered but these events shadow his every step. As the Czechoslovak ambassador in London, Masaryk failed to win the support of the British and could not avert the ruination of his country. With the help of Dr. Stein, an emigre German psychiatrist, and the beautiful writer Marcia Davenport, Masaryk tries to overcome his demons and re-live the dramatic events leading to the outbreak of the second world war. Documentary about the pogrom that took place in Kielce, Poland in July 1946. An intimate documentary about motorclub Satudarah, often in the news in Holland for its alleged criminal activities. Nina (Melina Mercouri) is a former silent-film star from Russia who abandons her career to care for her son. She is a single mother -- the boy's father is a famous actor who wants nothing to do with either Nina or her child. She joins an acting troupe where she impersonates a famous French fashion designer, but she leaves the group in Krakow, Poland, when her true identity is discovered. She travels to France, taking several odd jobs in Nice to support her son. When the boy grows to young adulthood, he is recruited to fight during World War II for the French and later the British. He is decorated for valor and returns to locate his estranged mother after two years have passed. Upon arriving home, he finds that his mother had died several years earlier but that she meticulously wrote over 250 letters to give her son moral support and encouragement in the years to come.  When Rachel Phelps inherits the Cleveland Indians from her deceased husband, she's determined to move the team to a warmer climate--but only a losing season will make that possible, which should be easy given the misfits she's hired. Rachel is sure her dream will come true, but she underestimates their will to succeed. Filmed over 14 months with unprecedented access into the inner circle of the man and the sport, this is the first official and fully authorised film of one of the most celebrated figures in football.  For the first time ever, the world gets vividly candid and un-paralleled, behind-closed-doors access to the footballer, father, family-man and friend in this moving & fascinating documentary. Through in-depth conversations, state of the art football footage and never before seen archival footage, the film gives an astonishing insight into the sporting and personal life of triple Ballon D'Or winner Cristiano Ronaldo at the peak of his career.  From the makers of 'Senna' and 'Amy', Ronaldo takes audiences on an intimate and revealing journey of what it's like to live as an iconic athlete in the eye of the storm. Stoner con artists compete to drive their janitor roommate insane as part of a convoluted scam. A single mom creates an unlikely weapon in the fight for world peace after her best friend a soldier, is axed in the head by a terrorist. Only now she finds herself in the battle of her life taking on corporate giants. Psychiatrist Dr. Lila Colleti is divorcing her husband and is devastated when he wins custody of their two little girls, whom he gets largely because Lila's job, being a psychiatrist for the criminally insane at the local prison, is a potentially dangerous one that forces her to keep long, erratic hours. When one of Lila's patients, Ed Baikman, is released into a half-way house, he decides under the delusional influence of his psychosis to help her out by murdering her ex-husband and his girlfriend, and then threatening to tell the cops they'd planned it together when she refuses to become romantically involved with him. Though Lila's lover, police detective Macy Kobacek, stands by her loyally, Baikman does such an ingenious job of implicating Lila in the crime that even Macy begins to have his doubts about Lila's innocence Well-educated, New Hampshire mother, Linda Bishop, was determined to stay free of the mental health system after her early release from a 3 year commitment to New Hampshire State Hospital. Instead, she became a prisoner of her own mind, a fate which she documents in one of the most evocative and chilling accounts of mental illness and of our systemic failure to protect those suffering from it. No description. Greg is coasting through senior year of high school as anonymously as possible, avoiding social interactions like the plague while secretly making spirited, bizarre films with Earl, his only friend. But both his anonymity and friendship threaten to unravel when his mother forces him to befriend a classmate with leukemia. Natalie Merchant's entire musical life encapsulated in this very personal film, which digs deep into the music through live performances, archival footage, and interviews. The memoir-style film contains live performances, archival footage, and interviews with musicians, friends, and fans about the influence the songs of Tigerlily have had over the past 20 years. After spending 4 years in prison for drug trafficking, Dino tastes fame by interpreting the godfather of the mafia in the TV series Omerta. Now 72 years old, he's preparing for a role that could be his last. Somewhere between reality and fiction, My Friend Dino offers a special access to the universe of this likable anarchist. Back to Berlin is the first biker flick-meets-holocaust feature documentary. Eleven motor bikers have a mission to take the Maccabiah torch from Israel to the site of the infamous 1936 Berlin Olympics, for the first Jewish Olympic Games on German soil. They will retrace the heroic journeys of the original 1930s' Maccabiah riders and discover how they or their families survived the Holocaust. They loved each other with the ardor of thirteen-year-old boys. Rebellion and curiosity, hopes and doubts, girls and dreams of glory - they shared it all. Paul was rich, Emile poor. They went skinny-dipping, drank absinthe, starved, only to overeat. Sketched models by day, caressed them by night... Now, Paul is a painter and Emile a writer. Glory has passed Paul by. But Emile has it all: fame, money, the perfect wife, whom Paul once loved. They judge each other, admire each other, confront each other. They lose touch, meet up again, like a couple who cannot stop loving each other. After her unfaithful husband leaves her, Mildred Pierce proves she can become independent and successful. However winning the approval of her spoiled daughter proves a greater challenge. England, early 18th century. The close relationship between Queen Anne and Sarah Churchill is threatened by the arrival of Sarah's cousin, Abigail Hill, resulting in a bitter rivalry between the two cousins to be the Queen's favourite. The story of Eero Ettala, a professional snowboarder from Finland. The documentary tells about his career and includes his friends' and colleagues' comments. Based on the incredibly true story of a Spanish man with Multiple Esclorosis who tried to finish an Iron-Man: 3,8km swimming, 180km cycling and 42 running. And he was told that he could not make 100 meters. Eight years after his family was murdered he has returned home to bury his past and discover his future. Henri "Papillon" Charriere, a safecracker from the Parisian underworld, is wrongfully convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment in the penal colony of French Guiana, where he forges a strong friendship with Louis Dega, a counterfeiter who needs his protection. A mysterious tale set around a traditional British family on the eve of World War Two. Oblivious to the looming shadow of World War II, the wealthy Keyes maintain a confident facade in the British countryside until daughter Anne becomes an unexpected pawn. Her accidental discovery of secret recordings creates a rift in the family. With this film (the second war trilogy set during the Filipino-American war in the early 1900s), the revolution marches on against the Americans after the bloody death of General Antonio Luna. The conflicted philosophies behind the heroic struggle continue and become personified in the colorful character of General Gregorio "Goyo" del Pilar. Sunny Holiday, an aspiring singing star, abandons his wife and young baby to set off on a nine-month tour of bleak western towns. He takes off with his road manager in a pink Chrysler in search of their own version of the American Dream: a country loving audience. Sorry about his premature retirement from professional tennis and failing to live up to his father's most important dream, Enrique longs for the forgiveness. After serving together in the French Foreign Legion, a mercenary and a doctor leave the service and go their separate ways. Later, they are reunited and become involved with a caper involving millions in a high-security safe. The two men become locked in during a holiday weekend as the attempt to crack the safe's combination. Set in 1990s Belfast, a woman is forced to betray all she believes in for the sake of her son. In an alternate universe where twinned worlds have opposite gravities, a young man battles interplanetary prejudice and the laws of physics in his quest to reunite with the long-lost girl of his dreams in this visually stunning romantic adventure that poses the question: what if love was stronger than gravity? Two poets, a father and a daughter, in a dangerous game of words. The mysterious life and death of Tirza Atar, daughter of Nathan Alterman, Israel's national poet.  With commentary from Hollywood stars, outtakes from his movies and footage from his youth, this documentary looks at Stanley Kubrick's life and films. Director Jan Harlan, Kubrick's brother-in-law and sometime collaborator, interviews heavyweights like Jack Nicholson, Woody Allen and Sydney Pollack, who explain the influence of Kubrick classics like "Dr. Strangelove" and "2001: A Space Odyssey," and how he absorbed visual clues from disposable culture such as television commercials. The story centers around a group of friends (and girlfriends) who have been playing football together for over 10 years, and who are now getting everything ready for their 500th match. Farmer's wife and mother of three Hanni worries about her youngest, Magdalena, who's smaller and more sensitive than her siblings. She gets stomach flu and can't see well. The doctors prescribe nothing but panaceas, and don't take her case seriously. While Hanni searches for a doctor who will take Magdalena's symptoms seriously, her husband and sons feel neglected. Ultimately, Hanni will have to take on the government, and confront her childhood memories of grim courtrooms and dark halls. A family drama of forceful intensity, a courtroom thriller based on a true story. The never-before-told story of the Brotherhood of Eternal Love - a spiritual group of surfers and hippies in Southern California that became the largest suppliers of psychedelic drugs in the world during the 1960s and early 1970s. Bonded by their dreams to fight social injustice and spread peace, this unlikely band of free-spirited idealists quickly transformed into a drug-smuggling empire and at the same time inadvertently invented the modern illegal drug trade. At the head of the Brotherhood, and the heart of this story, is the anti-capitalistic husband and wife team, who made it their mission to change the world through LSD. Papa Jah, a Haitian gardener, has spent the last forty years in the Bahamas, living in a marginalised community named the Mud. When news arrives that his 103-year-old father has taken ill back in Haiti, Papa Jah fears he may not see him before he passes. Papa Jah travels back to Haiti, to his family's small village on the island La Tortue, to reunite with his father, hopefully before it is too late. Sarbjit 2016 Set in the city of Uttar Pradesh and based on true events, the plot revolves around Dr Shrinivas Ramchandra Siras who taught Marathi at Aligarh Muslim University. He was sacked from his position of Reader and Chair of Modern Indian Languages, on charges of homosexuality. A sting operation was conducted by a TV channel which showed him in an embrace with a rickshaw puller, at his house inside the campus. At the age of 26, innovative chef and inventor Homaro Cantu helped put Chicago on the culinary map when he opened his first restaurant "Moto" in the city's untapped Fulton Market meatpacking district. Virtually overnight, Cantu rose to the rank of celebrity chef and became famous for his "molecular gastronomy" approach to cooking. Cantu's meteoric rise to fame masked an early life of poverty, homelessness, and even physical and emotional abuse. Filmed over a period of three years with remarkable access, INSATIABLE follows Cantu at a pivotal moment in his career and takes you on a dizzying and thrilling ride, in a story that moves from redemption and inspiration to tragedy and back again. After an inspiring chance encounter with his idol, rookie journalist Jay Bahadur uproots his life and moves to Somalia looking for the story of a lifetime. Hooking up with a local fixer, he attempts to get embedded with the local Somali pirates, only to quickly find himself in over his head. Whether a veil of the soul, the mind or the body; the layers of the veil in history and the many meanings behind it will be revealed. 'Women are either judged for wearing the hijab or not wearing it' (the hijab refers to the head covering). In 'The Tainted Veil,' the challenges surrounding these ideas are exposed in a debate by diverse guests and extraordinary stories. Ruben Garcia is homosexual and Catholic evangelizer. He shares his testimony in conferences or TV shows. Ruben reveals the transformations that convert him in the person he is today. How does a nation slip into war? Dateline-Saigon profiles the controversial reporting of five Pulitzer Prize-winning journalists -The New York Times' David Halberstam, the Associated Press' Malcolm Browne, Peter Arnett, and legendary photojournalist Horst Faas, and UPI's Neil Sheehan -- during the early years of the Vietnam War as President John F. Kennedy is secretly committing US troops to what is initially dismissed by some as 'a nice little war in a land of tigers and elephants.' 'When the government is telling the truth, reporters become a relatively unimportant conduit to what is happening,' Halberstam tells us. 'But when the government doesn't tell the truth, begins to twist the truth, hide the truth, then the journalist becomes involuntarily infinitely more important.' Sergey Astahov is a gay man converted by Church and state propaganda into an orthodox pro-Putin activist. Composed of terrifying images from Astahov's blog, this documentary by contemporary artist Oleg Mavromatti is the most radical insight into today's Russia and its ideological clashes. The battle over the rights and freedoms of transgender individuals is the first great civil rights struggle of the 21st century. And while their battle for freedom is decades behind that of gays and lesbians, blacks or women, few doubt that the era of transgendered enfranchisement is upon us. TRANSFORMING GENDER tells this story exclusively through the voices of transgender people from all walks of life. Through a set of intimate vignettes the film opens up the world of transgender people to an audience that may have little awareness of what it means to be-fundamentally and in your deepest core-in conflict with the gender you were assigned at birth. Inspired by the true story of Hong Kong's first teenage baseball team. In the 1980s, two childhood friends join the Shatin Martins, a Band 3 school baseball team managed by the school principal. From these humble beginnings, the boys experience camaraderie, fall in love and make fateful decisions that resonate throughout their lives amid a changing Hong Kong and its sporting world. From a God-forsaken corner of the desert, an elderly, disabled man tries to fulfill his calling to tell the world, "God is Love." Over the next three decades, Leonard Knight's art, faith, and reputation grow until he becomes "the most visited man on earth." August 1715. After going for a walk, Louis XIV feels a pain in his leg. The next days, the king keeps fulfilling his duties and obligations, but his sleep is troubled and he has a serious fever. He barely eats and weakens increasingly. This is the start of the slow agony of the greatest king of France, surrounded by his relatives and doctors. Iconic Welsh rock musician Mike Peters' rise to fame, battle with cancer and inspiring return, featuring one-of-a-kind performances from other legendary musicians. In World War II era Los Angeles, the manager of the Culver Hotel leaves his nephew in charge for a weekend. The nephew changes the name to the Hotel Rainbow and overbooks with royalty, assassins, secret agents, Japanese tourists, and munchkins (from the cast of _Wizard of Oz, The (1939)_ ). Secret Service agent Bruce Thorpe and casting director Annie Clark find romance amidst the intrigue and confusion. Having just moved to a new town, widow Elaine Freedman (Cheryl Ladd) and her teenage daughter, Justine (Jody Thompson) are greeted by the effusive, terribly nice Dr. Calvin Lawrence (Michael York). Sensing that Justine is bit testy and out of sorts (most kids her age tend to get that way, you know), Dr. Lawrence recommends that she begin taking a special vitamin which he manufactures in his own home. Before long, Justine is the model of perfection -- just like all the other teenagers in town. What no one realizes until it is almost too late is that the kindly Dr. Lawrence is the quintessential control freak, using mind-altering drugs and secret radio waves to create his own "perfect city," where everyone bends to his will. Between 1926 and 1927, the Italian intellectual and Communist political figure Antonio Gramsci spent 44 days imprisoned on the island of Ustica, off the northern coast of Sicily. Together with his fellow prisoners, he founded a school. This unique institution was open to all, welcoming people of all ages and social backgrounds, even the illiterate. Ustica still remembers this revolutionary school. Ustica, remote and neglected, still waits patiently at the harbor, hoping that the boat from the mainland will come. A young woman searches for the source of a signal only she can hear. A selfish self-centered widowed ruler, barely tolerated by his subjects and called appropriately enough, 'King Myself, First' asks his three daughters to name the measure of their love for him. When one of them says, "more than salt", he banishes her from the kingdom. Not understanding what she meant the King assumes love can only be measured by precious metals or one's own talent, the 'correct' answers from his other two daughters. The arrogance of the King leads him to gather all the salt in the kingdom and destroy it. Of course, this backfires as he slowly learns the universal value of the substance, and of course, the essence of his daughter's reply. With the help of the wise and magical old 'herb woman', the King also learns what it means to be a true and wise ruler. Boston pharmacist Tom Craig comes to Sacramento, where he runs afoul of local political boss Britt Dawson, who exacts protection payment from the citizenry. Dawson frames Craig with poisoned medicine, but Craig redeems himself during a Gold Rush epidemic. Brunhilde Pomsel describes herself as an "apolitical girl" and a "figure on the margins," but she got closer to one of the worst criminals in world history than anyone else left alive. Today aged 104, Pomsel served as Nazi Propaganda Minister Joseph Goebbels' stenographer. Brunhilde Pomsel's life mirrors all the major breaks and continuities of the 20th century. Many people think that the dangers of war and fascism have been overcome. Brunhilde Pomsel makes it clear that this is not case. The film tells the life story of its director, Jan Nemec, one of the most known and important filmmakers of Czech New Wave. A documentary chronicling the filmmaking career of Dennis Hopper. Set against a backdrop of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian rapper Kareem and his singer girlfriend Manar struggle, love and make music in their crime-ridden ghetto and Tel Aviv's hip-hop club scene. A bizarre family reunion turns deadly when three estranged half-sisters are invited to visit the father who abandoned them as children. Lilia, a Colombian citizen, has lived in eight countries around the world. Now, at the age of 67, she grows old alone in Portugal, caring for an Alzheimer's patient. The filmmaker asks her mother Lilia if she has found home and if she will ever return to Colombia, her native country she hasn't visited for the past 40 years. 'Home' is a personal-approach documentary about loneliness and the sense of belonging. Becoming a taxi driver is Devki`s biggest wish. To reach this goal, Devki has to stand up first to her father, then her husband and at the end even her father-in-law. Devki's story in 'Where to, Miss?' tells us, why it is difficult for Indian women, to step out of their deep embedded roles. When Marvin Hamlisch passed away in August 2012 the worlds of music, theatre and cinema lost a talent the likes of which we may never see again. Seemingly destined for greatness, Hamlisch was accepted into New York's Juilliard School as a 6-year-old musical prodigy and rapidly developed into a phenomenon. With instantly classic hits 'The Way We Were' and 'Nobody Does It Better' and scores for Hollywood films such as The Swimmer, The Sting and Sophie's Choice and the Broadway juggernaut A Chorus Line; Hamlisch became the go-to composer for film and Broadway producers and a prominent presence on the international Concert Hall circuit. His streak was staggering, vast, unprecedented and glorious, by the age of 31 Hamlisch had won 4 Grammys, an Emmy, 3 Oscars, a Tony and a Pulitzer prize: success that burned so bright, it proved impossible to match. Anne Clark, an icon of music history and a terrific pioneer of spoken word art, has been on stage for more than 30 years. It transforms language into unique music. Since the early 1980s, New Wave classics such as OUR DARKNESS and SLEEPER IN METROPOLIS have provided a thrill of excitement that has inspired generations of musicians. Bob Hercules and Rita Coburn Whack's unprecedented film celebrates Dr. Maya Angelou by weaving her words with rare and intimate archival photographs and videos, which paint hidden moments of her exuberant life during some of America's most defining civil rights moments. From her upbringing in the Depression-era South to her swinging soirees with Malcolm X in Ghana to her inaugural speech for President Bill Clinton, we are given special access to interviews with Dr. Angelou whose indelible charm and quick wit make it easy to love her. On 23 May 1987 Vincenzo, a 14-year boy from Calabria, sees in an abandoned church a statue of the Madonna weeping. None seems to believe him, until a few days later the whole village witnesses the first apparition of the Virgin. From that moment on, Vincenzo's life will never be the same. After a divorce, a voice actress Eunkyeong raises her son alone who's unkind to her. It makes her sad but she does not show it. Past and present calmly cross over as they try to embrace each other's pain. Ku Klux Klansman Mike Burden opens the Redneck Shop and KKK museum in historic Laurens, SC. He subsequently falls in love with a single mom, and, under her influence, quits the Klan and is taken in by an African American Reverend. After a clerical insemination error, an acquiescent woman must choose between her conservative husband and a child that has eluded her. The film "Pilecki" is a fictionalized documentary depicting the story of Witold Pilecki, from his youth through action during World War II, up to the imprisonment and death in May 1948. Vitagraph short about a farmer's daughter who works her butt off and never really gets anything out of it. She dreams of one day going to college and finally gets her shot but something bad happens on the farm, which might cause her to stay home. A traumatized Vietnam war veteran finds out that his post-war life isn't what he believes it to be when he's attacked by horned creatures in the subway and his dead son comes to visit him... Redefine success through the eyes of comedy's everyman, Rick Crom. A lyrical look at Antonio Nobrega's universe. A lifetime's work that is characterized by the consistent reading of popular culture. A show in which all elements of our culture are mixed together. A musical and visual journey, guided by the characters Joao Sidurino and Rosalina from the plays Brincante and Segundas Historias. This documentary shows us the lives of 10 people from the Wixarika (Huichol) and Nayeri (Cora) cultures. They live in different areas of the Sierra Madre Occidental but face new forms of conquest by present-day society, which constantly threatens their ancient culture and natural resources, which are vital for the enactment of their most sacred ceremonies. Comedian Lou DiMaggio contemplates a comeback after a 20 year absence from the stage and seeks advice from a collection of comedy greats. Known for years as the golden boy of SA rugby, the world reeled in shock in April 2011 when the news broke that Joost van der Westhuizen had been diagnosed with Motor Neuron Disease (MND). The disease attacks the central nervous system, causing progressive disability. There is no known cure. THE PROGNOSIS IS DEATH.Anyone who's seen Joost in action will know that he's not one to give up without a fight. His game-changing prowess as a rugby player is now galvanised in a battle for survival and, more importantly, to make a difference to the lives of others with the disease.Despite specialist assurances that he'd be in a wheelchair in a year and not likely see his 42th birthday, Joost not only celebrated in style, but took to the skies, travelling internationally with his J9 Foundation to meet the great minds who are working to find a cure. A portrait of Guilda, the timeless beauty from the golden age of Montreal cabaret culture. Massachusetts, 1892. An unmarried woman of 32 and a social outcast, Lizzie lives a claustrophobic life under her father's cold and domineering control. When Bridget Sullivan, a young maid, comes to work for the family, Lizzie finds a sympathetic, kindred spirit, and a secret intimacy soon blossoms into a wicked plan. The life of Jeremiah Tower, one of the most controversial, outrageous, and influential figures in the history of American gastronomy. The documentary follows the trajectory of professor Hermogenes, a pioneer of Yoga in Brazil. A modern poet Jamal who is against the traditional Urdu Poetry reads the biography of Mir Taqi Mir,one of the greatest poets of the 18th century. And sees Mir's reflection on his personality. The story of Mark Felt, who under the name "Deep Throat" helped journalists Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein uncover the Watergate scandal in 1974. A group of wealthy boys in Los Angeles during the early 1980s establishes a get rich quick scam that turns deadly. Life Under the Horseshoe is a fun, entertaining and historical look at Spring City, Utah's only live FM stage radio show. The film teaches us a little about history while taking us back to the golden age of radio. The documentary interviews Mark and Vicki Allen, the show hosts while learning more about their interesting, but opposite family history. The film also highlights the historical Victory Hall, a one-hundred-year-old restored vaudeville theater on Main Street, and "Spit &amp; Whittle" Avenue, where Charlie (1885-1936), son of Simon Beck, had a bench the women of the town called the "Bummer's Bench." The men claimed it was where important community events were discussed and decisions made. Simon's son Charlie, paralyzed at an early age, presided at the bench providing advice and wisdom to all comers. What began as a video master class evolved into a film about the political documentaries of Oscar-winning cinematographer Haskell Wexler. Comprised of footage from his films as well as interviews, the film is an intimate portrait of the genius behind the camera. Tom enters from stage left in white tie and tails, sits at the piano, gets his focus as the orchestra in the pit beneath him warms up, and begins to play Liszt's "Hungarian Rhapsody." Unbeknownst to Tom and the audience, Jerry is asleep across several of the high-note keys inside the instrument, so Tom's playing eventually wakes him. Jerry is pummeled by hammers, bounced by wires, and squeezed by Tom as the cat tries to play the concerto while dispensing with Jerry. Jerry's defensive antics add to the brio of the program and answer Tom with Jerry's own skillful musical attack. By the concerto's end, the duet leaves only one animal standing for the audience's applause. A woman seeks to connect her reality to the image she sees in a mysterious photograph. An intimate look at the lives and legacies of piano player Pinetop Perkins, drummer Willie 'Big Eyes' Smith and guitarist Hubert Sumlin, all Muddy Waters and Howlin' Wolf sidemen. The film captures some of the last interviews and their final live performances together, before their deaths in 2011. The historic live shows are accompanied by performances and personal insights from many of the blues and rock stars these legendary sidemen inspired including; Bonnie Raitt, Gregg Allman, Derek Trucks, Shemekia Copeland, Kenny Wayne Shepherd, Joe Perry, Joe Bonamassa and Johnny Winter. Directed by Christopher Menaul ('Summer in February', 'Fatherland) and written by Jenny Lecoat, Another Mother's Son tells the true story of Louisa Gould, a widow living in Nazi occupied Jersey who takes in a Russian prisoner of war, Feodor Burrij. Jenny Seagrove, Julian Kostov, John Hannah, Ronan Keating and Amanda Abbington star. The producer is Bill Kenwright.  Tom (Tennessee) Williams, an aspiring writer in his 20s, lives with and negligent father. Tom attempts to maintain peace in the family while also dealing with his depressed and anti-social sister. Struggling against the societal pressures and expectations of him, Tennessee is determined to hone in on his artistic talent and achieve greatness. Directed by James Franco, Tenn focuses on a young Tennessee Williams struggling to find his voice and at the same time his true self as a gay man in 1930's St. Louis. The story of three Russian Olympic champions. Ordinary people, who have become the pride of their family and country, and made history of world sports. Florence Foster Jenkins is known as "the worst singer of all times" and yet she is a cult figure whose recordings still outsell many contemporary singers. Opera superstar Joyce DiDonato interprets the flamboyant "queen of dissonance". The involvement of the celebrated virtuoso makes it possible to contrast two different musical perspectives and gives viewers a vivid impression of the film's key conflict between inner delusion and external reality. During the summer of 1937, Emanuel, a young man in his early twenties, is committed to a sanatorium on the Black Sea coast for treatment of his bone tuberculosis. The treatment consists of painful spine punctures that confine him to a plaster on a stretcher-bed. Little by little, as Emanuel gets accustomed to the sadness of his new life, he discovers that inside the sanatorium there is still a life to be lived to the fullest. Pig heads, intestines, megaphones: all these and more have been thrown into crowds of loyal fans following the influential punk band THE STALIN or any of number of Michiro Endo's other bands since 1980. Taking a step in front of the camera, however, Endo offers a very different kind of encounter in this inspiring self-portrait. "Mother, I've Pretty Much Forgotten Your Face" follows the artist, a native of Nihonmatsu, Fukushima, on the 2011 nationwide solo tour celebrating his 60th birthday, which was interrupted by the Great East Japan Earthquake. Traveling, performing and talking with fellow musicians and activists, Endo reflects on the past and future of Fukushima, the legacy of Hiroshima, his upbringing and his feelings about his mother, communicated in the song from which the documentary is named. An in-depth look at the hidden meanings and blistering truth buried within Ed Wood's PLAN 9 FROM OUTER SPACE, which has long been considered the worst movie ever made.  In 1960, a team of Israeli secret agents is deployed to find Adolf Eichmann, the infamous Nazi architect of the Holocaust, supposedly hidden in Argentina, and get him to Israel to be judged. From award-winning director Mat Whitecross and featuring extensive unseen archive footage, Supersonic charts the meteoric rise of Oasis from the council estates of Manchester to some of the biggest concerts of all time in just three short years.  This palpable, raw and moving film shines a light on one of the most genre and generation-defining British bands that has ever existed, and features candid new interviews with Noel and Liam Gallagher, their mother, and members of the band and road crew. In the cemetery of Sidi Boulekbour, Ali the old gravedigger meets the 60-year-old Johar, who is visiting her sister's grave for the first time after losing her husband. Johar wants her final resting place to be next to her sister, so she decides to organize her own funeral and asks Ali to help her. But preparations for the final journey go awry when Ali and Johar unexpectedly start to realize they have feelings for each other. Despite her premature death at age 39, Flannery O'Connor left behind one of the most haunting and strikingly original bodies of work in 20th Century literature. With the rural South as her backdrop, she brought to life a string of eccentric characters torn between their worldly ambitions and the need for a more enduring truth. This film traces the people and events that shaped her remarkable career, as well as the important role that Catholicism played in her writing. Featuring expert commentary and rare photographs, Uncommon Grace will give you a new appreciation for this highly celebrated, yet often misunderstood, storyteller. Film about young drifters in Chonqing, China. A romantic drama based on the story of Carley Allison, a promising 18 year old figure skater and singer who made medical history in her fight against a rare 1 in 3.5 billion type of sarcoma. Touko Laaksonen, a decorated officer, returns home after a harrowing and heroic experience serving his country in World War II, but life in Finland during peacetime proves equally distressing. He finds peace-time Helsinki rampant with persecution of the homosexual and men around him even being pressured to marry women and have children. Touko finds refuge in his liberating art, specialising in homoerotic drawings of muscular men, free of inhibitions. His work - made famous by his signature 'Tom of Finland' - became the emblem of a generation of men and fanned the flames of a gay revolution. While on a family vacation,  rafting expert Gail takes on a pair of armed killers while navigating a spectacularly violent river.  "Magda" is the true-life story of Magdalena Kasprzycki, a breast cancer survivor living a quiet life in Los Angeles. As a Polish woman born into a noble family, she was a teenager while living in Nazi-occupied Warsaw during the early 1940s. Magda was recruited by her brother to become a spy for the Polish Underground Resistance Army during World War II. Film Festival Film is a movie shot over a weekend at the Durban International Film Festival, South Africa, in July 2018 by the underground South African collective Medu African Film Ensemble (aka Medu AF).  With a sense of mischief and minimal resources pooled together by its contributors, the film tells the story of Fanon - a Black female filmmaker - beset by her demons ten floors up in an oceanside hotel, gazing out over African shores during the hermetically-sealed weirdness that is the world of a film festival. Using elements of fiction and documentary, the film follows Fanon as she wrestles with what the film industry expects her to be, and not to be, as she readies herself to pitch her first film. Pittsburgh was the center of the sports world in 1979, home to the Super Bowl champion Steelers and the World Series champion Pirates. The Pirates and their rallying cry of "We Are Family" brought a renewed sense of pride to the city. But as it turned out, the family was dangerously dysfunctional, with many members succumbing to the temptation of cocaine and dragging baseball into a nationwide scandal. This film revisits that era and paints a picture of how, by 1985, easy drugs and fast nights brought the national pastime from the diamond to a federal courtroom. Forbidden: Undocumented and Queer in Rural America is an award-winning 2016 documentary about Moises Serrano, who grew up queer and undocumented in Yadkinville, North Carolina. One of the most characteristic elements in DivEdCo's films was the resolution of conflict through dialogue. This is the case in Belen, where the protagonist must deal with her father's patriarchal objections to her desire to become a nurse. In the hospital where she works in Brest, France, a lung specialist discovers a direct link between suspicious deaths and state-approved medicine. She fights single-handedly for the truth to come out. The remarkable story of WWII infantryman and photographer Tony Vaccaro, who created one of the most comprehensive, haunting and intimate photographic records of the war using a smuggled $47 camera while developing the negatives in his helmet at night. Alter Ego: a successful Greek rock group, with a potential that surpasses the limits of the local music industry and hundreds of thousands of fans getting wild at every concert and public appearance of theirs. Fame, success, money, in a world of glamor and vanity. But what's hidden behind the mirror? How do the members of Alter Ego experience their success, their day to day life, their dreams? This Documentary directed by Naftaly Gliksberg follows the former Prime Minister and President of Israel, focusing in his politics and private life. Invasion 1897 is an epic film based on the invasion of the Benin Kingdom by the British Empire in 1897 and the looting the priceless ancient artifacts of the Benin kingdom. The former captain of the India team is still regarded as India's most successful Captain in modern times. His nicknames "The God of the Off Side", "The Prince of Calcutta", "The Maharaja" - are a popular attempt to describe his charisma, allure, and, in the end, success  Documentary chronicling Victor Cruz's improbable rise to football stardom, the life shattering injury that derailed his career and his dramatic attempt at a comeback, revealing the man behind the mask, as he faces the biggest challenge of his life. Filmed over the course of four years, Grabsky and his Seventh Art team followed leading concert pianist Leif Ove Andsnes's attempt to understand and interpret one of the greatest sets of works for piano ever written: Beethoven's five piano concertos.The end result is a beautifully-crafted film with lavish cinematography, a signature of Grabsky and Seventh Art's style.  Considered one of the top pianists of the age, Leif Ove Andsnes offers rare insights into the mind of a world-class pianist and access to his personal and professional life. Against the wonderful background of Leif Ove Andsnes playing these five pieces, we also peel back the many myths of Beethoven's life. Perhaps above all it is the fresh new biography of Beethoven that is most revealing. This was a labour of love combining the work of some incredible artists to bring Maire Mhac an tSaoi's poetry into the medium of film.  Deargdhuil: Anatomy of Passion explores the life, work and sensual poetic imagination of the revolutionary Irish poet Maire Mhac an tSaoi. Born in 1922, her story is set against a backdrop of a tumultuous century in Irish history in which she and her family were centrally involved. At a time when women's voices were being silenced, the native tradition in the Irish language was her stage to explore the depths of female sexuality and experience without shame.  Featuring the movement poetry of performance artist Maureen Fleming, interview by Louis de Paor, poetry voiced by Maire Mhac an tSaoi, Ailbhe Ni Ghearbhuigh and Nuala Ni Dhomhnaill, autobiography script voiced by Olwen Fouere. America is experiencing an epidemic of pain. One man has the answer to the problem yet the medical establishment has ignored him. For nearly 50 years, Dr. John Sarno has been single-handedly battling the pain epidemic by focusing on the mind-body connection and the nature of stress and the manifestation of physical ailments. With a renowned practice in rehabilitative medicine at NYU he is also a bestselling author of numerous books that deal with psychosomatic disorders. Filmmaker Michael Galinsky's family has a long history with Dr. Sarno and their experience will be woven into the fabric of the film, alongside well known patients, including Howard Stern, John Stossel, Jonathan Ames, Larry David, and many others. Thorsten Schutte's film is a sharply edited and energetic celebration of Zappa through his public persona, allowing us to witness his shifting relationship with audiences. Utilizing potent TV interviews and many forgotten performances from his 30-year career, we are immersed into the musician's world while experiencing two distinct facets of his complex character. At once Zappa was both a charismatic composer who reveled in the joy of performing and, in the next moment, a fiercely intelligent and brutally honest interviewee whose convictions only got stronger as his career ascended. Nude men in rubber suits, close-ups of erections, objects shoved in the most intimate of places--these are photographs taken by Robert Mapplethorpe, known by many as the most controversial photographer of the twentieth century. Openly gay, Mapplethorpe took images of male sex, nudity, and fetish to extremes that resulted in his work still being labelled by some as pornography masquerading as art. But less talked about are the more serene, yet striking portraits of flowers, sculptures, and perfectly framed human forms that are equally pioneering and powerful. Arguably the most influential creator, writer, and producer in the history of television, Norman Lear brought primetime into step with the times. Using comedy and indelible characters, his legendary 1970s shows such as All In the Family, Maude, Good Times, and The Jeffersons, boldly cracked open dialogue and shifted the national consciousness, injecting enlightened humanism into sociopolitical debates on race, class, creed, and feminism. Born into one of the wealthiest and best-known families in American history, Gloria Vanderbilt has lived in the public eye for more than 90 years, unapologetically pursuing love, family and career, while experiencing extreme tragedy and tremendous success side by side. This documentary features a series of candid conversations as Vanderbilt and her youngest son, Anderson Cooper, look back at her remarkable life. A chronicle of the rise and fall of O.J. Simpson, whose high-profile murder trial exposed the extent of American racial tensions, revealing a fractured and divided nation. New York magazine's October 2005 issue sent shockwaves through the literary world when it unmasked "it boy" wunderkind JT LeRoy, whose tough prose about his sordid childhood had captivated icons and luminaries internationally. It turned out LeRoy didn't actually exist. He was dreamed up by 40-year-old San Francisco punk rocker and phone sex operator, Laura Albert. In August, 2014, a video of the public execution of American photojournalist James Foley rippled across the globe. Foley wore an orange jumpsuit as he knelt beside an ISIS militant dressed in black. That image challenged the world to deal with a new face of terror. And it tested one American family.  Seen through the lens of filmmaker Brian Oakes, Foley's close childhood friend, Jim takes us from small-town New England to the adrenaline-fueled front lines of Libya and Syria, where Foley pushed the limits of danger to report on the plight of civilians impacted by war. Follow actress Kate Lyn Sheil as she prepares for her next role: playing Christine Chubbuck, a Florida newscaster who committed suicide live on-air in 1974. As Kate investigates Chubbuck's story, uncovering new clues and information, she becomes increasingly obsessed with her subject. If 18-year-old Sonita had a say, Michael Jackson and Rihanna would be her parents and she'd be a rapper who tells the story of Afghan women and their fate as child brides. She finds out that her family plans to sell her to an unknown husband for $9,000. Story of Miki Howard, an American R&B and Jazz singer, whose hits include "Ain't Nobody Like You" and "Ain't Nuthin' in the World." In 1928 an under-resourced and untested team from New Zealand and Australia competed in what is considered to be the toughest sporting event in the world. Many considered the entry of these courageous underdogs, racing as a team of 4 against teams of 10, a joke. One French journalist called their attempt nothing short of murder. 168 riders started the more than 3,500-mile race, only 41 finished. Surprisingly this remarkable story about the achievements of these brave athletes has never been told on film, until now. Phil Keoghan - television personality, adventurer and cycling enthusiast, retraces the 1928 Tour de France route, bringing history to life. Following the original course and schedule, riding a vintage bike, Phil and his team will average 150 miles a day for 22 stages. Takes a look at gay and straight love among the new millennials. Everything from secret crushes to homophobic attitudes are revealed by the rambunctious students taking Drama and Dance from Loris. None of the teens are what they seem at first glance, with gay hearts lurking behind tough exteriors and straight kids expressing themselves in very queer ways. The decisive years of Swedish soccer player Zlatan Ibrahimovic, told through rare archive footage in which a young Zlatan speaks openly about his life and challenges. The film closely follows him, from his debut with the Malmo FF team in 1999 through his conflict-ridden years with Ajax Amsterdam, and up to his final breakthrough with Juventus in 2005. "An old photograph taken 36 years ago. His hand rests on my shoulder. A blessing, a gift. Then a history of over four decades of friendship, admiration and apprenticeship. A journey into Oliveira's cinema, his method, his way of filming and his extraordinary cinematic inventions. He lived for over a century, over a century of cinema, cinema in its entirety. For him, and for me too now, documentary and fiction films go hand in hand; it is all about cinema. So I had the audacity to film a magnificent story that Manoel loved but never filmed, one that he left behind as if his hand and eyes were close to God, or among the gods, and he was steering me" (Joao Betelho). The film follows the rise to fame of venezuelan singer Felipe Pirela. From the beginnings when he worked alongside Billo Frometa and his band Billo's Caracas Boys to the days of his death at the hands of a drug dealer. In 1800, Brittany is on its knees, overwhelmed by the regime in place and by the omnipotent clergy. It founders in an economic slump without end in sight and, in the middle of all this, a young, suffering girl pushes back as best she can. She is known as the "Poisoning Angel," an isolated child, mistreated by life and rocked by morbid thoughts. She will become one of the world's most notorious serial killers and will sow death, perhaps merely to be looked at and loved. Neerja is a portrayal on the life of the courageous Neerja Bhanot, who sacrificed her life while protecting the lives of 359 passengers on the Pan Am flight 73 in 1986. The flight was hijacked by a terrorist organization. Documentary about the German painter Oda Jaune.  The story of the kidnapping of 16-year-old John Paul Getty III and the desperate attempt by his devoted mother to convince his billionaire grandfather Jean Paul Getty to pay the ransom. The Ways of Seeing writer is celebrated by Tilda Swinton and her fellow admirers in an unorthodox four-part documentary that visits him at his Alpine home Thurgood Marshall, the first African-American Supreme Court Justice, battles through one of his career-defining cases. Approach to the life and achievements of George Bonsor, pioneer of Archaeology who settled in Andalusia, South Spain, in early 20th century and played a key role in the development of such a new and fashionable science. Director Francesco Carrozzini creates an intimate portrait of his mother, Franca Sozzani, the legendary editor-in-chief of Italian Vogue. From the ridiculous to the sublime, her astonishing but often controversial magazine covers have not only broken the rules but also set the high bar for fashion, art and commerce over the past 25 years. From the legendary "Black Issue" and the "Plastic Surgery issue" Sozzani remains deeply committed to exploring subject matter off limits to most in order to shake up the status quo and occasionally redefine the concept of beauty. A bereaved father wants to know what happened to his son, even if that means going up against a multi-billion dollar company. His grief drives him to seek justice. His love drives him to defend lives and along with the private detective he consults, will stop at nothing to exploit the malicious underbelly of the company responsible for the loss. Peek behind the curtain shrouding the politics of the health industry in this noir-style film set in modern America. Inspired by true events, THE LAST SMILE examines a broken system filled with corruption and greed that underlies the unregulated health supplement industry.  Feature documentary film about the Serbian James Bond, Dusko Popov, intelligence agent that inspired the writer Ian Fleming to create the indestructible agent 007. Follow foster youths of Los Angeles as they try to navigate an unwelcoming world after they age-out of the foster care. For the first time ever, WWE Home Video chronicles the career of arguably the greatest tag team in sports-entertainment history, The Dudley Boyz. Hear never before heard stories from Bubba Ray and D-Von as they go through their formation in ECW, their rise to stardom in WWE, and their return after a ten-year hiatus. Get to know the Superstars behind the taped up glasses and see how The Dudleyz turned the tables on tag team wrestling. Upon learning that he has to come out of retirement to steal 50 cars in one night to save his brother Kip's life, former car thief Randall "Memphis" Raines enlists help from a few "boost happy" pals to accomplish a seemingly impossible feat. From countless car chases to relentless cops, the high-octane excitement builds as Randall swerves around more than a few roadblocks to keep Kip alive. In this horrifyingly modern fairytale lurks an online Boogeyman and two 12-year-old girls who would kill for him. The entrance to the internet quickly leads to its darkest basement. How responsible are our children for what they find there? When the president of Russia suddenly dies, a man whose politics are virtually unknown succeeds him. The change in political leaders sparks paranoia among American CIA officials, so CIA director Bill Cabot recruits a young analyst to supply insight and advice on the situation. Then the unthinkable happens: a nuclear bomb explodes in a U.S. city, and America is quick to blame the Russians. Ten years after his retirement, 'death-match' wrestler Nick Mondo is distressed to find a new generation mimicking his former self destructive antics. Where does creativity come from? Zen calligraphic painter Alok Hsu Kwang-han proposes that it arises from emptiness, from that silent space where the intelligence prior to thought resides. Armed with rice paper, ink, brush and a collection of Zen koans and teachings, Alok opens the door to a world of magical brush strokes and enchanted students. On the verge of his 75th birthday and with a new love in his life, Alok employs his teachings to confront his own personal history. Through his workshops and his art we share a journey of transformation that becomes possible when we are simply 'present, available, playful, and not knowing.' Through Alok we discover that 'in a clear heart, no mountain hides the moon.' Every choice has a consequence. But what if the flip of a coin could trigger two separate but parallel destinies? Bobby (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) and Kate (Lynn Collins) are a young New York couple at a crossroads whose lives are about to take very different directions. A seemingly ordinary July 4th is cleaved in two by the flip of a coin. One path leads them to gentle discoveries about family, loss and each other on a visit to Brooklyn, and the other plunges them into an urban nightmare of pursuit, suspense and murder in Manhattan. from Hollywood.com  "When an emotionally detached investigator's fledgling romance with a struggling actress flounders, he begins surveillance of her." This is the story of Father Divine and the Peace Mission Movement A group of older gay men get together every month and have sex parties. In the first century, free-spirited Mary Magdalene flees the marriage her family has arranged for her, finding refuge and a sense of purpose in a radical new movement led by the charismatic, rabble-rousing preacher named Jesus. Sprawling epic covering the life of a Texas cattle rancher and his family and associates. Michalina Wislocka, the most famous and recognized sexologist of communist Poland, fights for the right to publish her book, which will change the sex life of Polish people forever. Rudolf Thome's idiosyncratic oeuvre was created with a continuity rare in German cinema - he has directed 28 feature-length films over more than four decades since 1968. The writing of the script for film no. 29 and the parallel efforts to secure financing form the thread that runs through this cinematic portrait, which consists wholly of conversations and observations around Thome's home, a converted farm in Brandenburg. The filmmaker is nothing if not forthcoming, and the viewer has the opportunity to experience him in various other roles: as a gardener, a father, a cyclist, and a performer of his own persona. The film follows the story of three girls in contemporary Paris. One searches for her lost mother since she knows she's adopted. The other has come out of a coma and needs to have a love relationship aside from his mysterious father. The third one is a crook who redeems herself through love. The action is commented by songs and dance routines. The Godfather of electronic music is on a one-way trip to crack America, returning to the studio for the first time in nearly a decade. Android is a celebration of a music-making pioneer and the love story that helped him turn his life around. Daryl Davis has an unusual hobby. As a musician he has played with legends like Chuck Berry and Little Richard, but in his spare time he likes to meet and befriend members of the Ku Klux Klan. Join Daryl on his personal quest to understand racism. Jessica Olsen goes to Los Angeles with nothing more in mind that visiting her grandparents while her sister tries to meet Christopher Wilde. One night she meets Christopher Wilde. They go an an adventure around Los Angeles and start to like each other. When Jessica returns home, Christopher, on national TV, says he doesn't know her, and never met her. Jerry Garcia, legendary lead guitarist for the Grateful Dead and David Grisman, virtuoso mandolinist and founder of "Dawg" music... Now, for the first time ever, the musical matrimony and extraordinary friendship of Garcia and Grisman is traced in the award-winning documentary Grateful Dawg. The true story of immigration attorney Judy Wood and how she singlehandedly changed the U.S. law of asylum to save women's lives. Love and Anarchy is a dramatic love story based on true events. Two lovers immersed in a repressive political context. A government that portrays them as criminals and the people who regard them as anarchist heroes. The story of iconic Syrian peace activist Ghiyath Matar whose brutal torture and death at the age of 26 outraged the international community and erupted into one of the most violent uprisings in modern history. In 1890, Catherine Weldon, a painter from New York, travels to North Dakota to paint a portrait of Sitting Bull and becomes involved in the struggle of the Lakota people to get the Government respects their rights over the land where they live. After marrying a successful Parisian writer known commonly as Willy, Sidonie-Gabrielle Colette is transplanted from her childhood home in rural France to the intellectual and artistic splendor of Paris. Soon after, Willy convinces Colette to ghostwrite for him. She pens a semi-autobiographical novel about a witty and brazen country girl named Claudine, sparking a bestseller and a cultural sensation. After its success, Colette and Willy become the talk of Paris and their adventures inspire additional Claudine novels. A feature length short film compilation that portrays 15 people living with HIV/AIDS from the San Francisco Bay Area. 16 well known local filmmakers collaborated with 15 protagonists to create 15 pieces that run from verite doc to experimental film, dance video, spoken words piece to straight forward doc weaving a diverse slate of stories into one powerful video aids quilt of our times. Two weeks before the birth of her first child, New Yorker Shaina Feinberg, recounts her reluctant journey to motherhood in a video letter to her son. Clearly influenced by old Woody Allen films, her letter becomes a series of vignettes that include her newly sober husband, her goofy Upper West Side parents, an adorable Shih Tzu, a neurotic shrink and her own views on daytime television. The impact of wunderkind theatre director Reza Abdoh's explosive work is finally brought to light twenty years after his death of AIDS, with live performance footage and interviews with those closest to him. Jean Asselborn, Luxembourg's Minister of Foreign Affairs, attempts to make the voice of his small country heard in a world marked by major political crises that challenge both international relations and world peace. FOREIGN AFFAIRS takes us both straight into the heart of global politics and the everyday life of "Jang". We share his engagement with diplomacy and hope that he carries in his function as a politician, but also in the intimate moments of solitude that he experiences during his unrestrained race around the world. The film tells the story of 25-year-old Urmila Chaudary from Nepal. At the age of six she was sold by her family and was forced to work as a slave under appalling conditions for 12 years. Her dream is to end child slavery in Nepal. To this end she fights today as a freedom activist. A film about the quest for justice with a strength that gives courage and hope. Written and directed by Tearepa Kahi (Mt Zion) and starring Maaka Pohatu (The Modern Maori Quartet, Two Little Boys) the film tells the story of musician Dalvanius Prime and the origin of the song "Poi E", a ground-breaking fusion of 1980s pop and traditional Maori music. "Poi E", composed by Dalvanius and Ngoingoi Pewhairangi and performed by the Patea Maori Club, remains the only song in Te Reo Maori to reach No 1 in the charts, over 30 years since its 1984 release. A young woman named Savannah Knoop spends six years pretending to be a transgender writer named JT Leroy, the made-up literary persona of her sister-in-law. The story of Rudolf Nureyev, whose escape to the West stunned the world at the height of the Cold War. With his magnetic presence, Nureyev emerged as ballet's most famous star, a wild and beautiful dancer limited by the world of 1950s Leningrad. His flirtation with Western artists and ideas led him into a high-stakes game of cat and mouse with the KGB. Ahmad is an army commander who must confront the enemy at the gates of the Khorramshahr. But his fate is determined far from the Iranian border. Documentary film about Czech actress Lida Baarova, who fall in love with Joseph Goebbels in the 30s. Documentary about poet Bob Kaufman The true story of underdog boxer, Chuck Wepner, who gets a shot to fight the champ, Muhammed Ali. Hollywood collides with a group of veterans who are tired of the typical PTSD and valor-portrayed movies and decide to make an original dark humor zombie apocalypse film all on their own. In 1997 the close-knit Anderson family vanished from their home without a trace. No bodies were ever found and no explanation satisfied curiosity. For 17 years the house has remained undisturbed...until now. This eerily expert frightener is further enlivened by terrific performances from 'Suits'/'Arrow' star Neal McDonough and SILENT HILL/THE TALL MAN/TIDELAND's Jodelle Ferland. An Irish rogue uses his cunning and wit to work his way up the social classes of 18th century England, transforming himself from the humble Redmond Barry into the noble Barry Lyndon. He considers himself a genius but the publishers refuse to print his works. He loves women but they don't always understand him. Constantly without money and out of touch with reality.  The elegant fop Daniil Yuvachov names himself Kharms- a name just as effective as his appearance. An habitue of unending literary get-togethers and a lover of scandal. Living in society he is completely separate from it. Kharms throws down a gauntlet to his time, audaciously hurling himself into the vortex of reality, just as vague and arbitrary, with the same contradictions, as represented by his spirit. Death By Audio, an underground art and music venue, is forced to close in 2014. The film focuses on the struggles of maintaining a community in the face of Brooklyn property development, hostile construction workers, and a one billion-dollar company. Based on true events that changed the law. This is the story of a survivor, Lyndal, a young woman sexually abused as an 11 year old while attending a prestigious school. Her courage to fight for justice is entrusted to a local lawyer determined to build a case and give Lyndal peace from her torment. With the help of his aspiring young associate and an enigmatic barrister, the lawyer and Lyndal find their way together. Combining high definition and Super 8 footage, Lampedusa is composed of interwoven narratives based on a series of real events. In 1831, a volcanic island suddenly erupted from the sea a few kilometers off the southern coast of Sicily. An international dispute ensued, as a number of European powers laid claim to this newfound "land". The island receded below sea level six months later, leaving only a rocky ledge under the sea... An adrenaline seeking snowboarder gets lost in a massive winter storm in the back country of the High Sierras where he is pushed to the limits of human endurance and forced to battle his own personal demons as he fights for survival.... Animator. Storyman. Troublemaker. At 80 years old, see how Disney Legend Floyd Norman, the first African-American animator at Disney, continues to impact animation and stir up "trouble" after the company forced him to retire at age 65. Buzz One Four chronicles the ill-fated flight of a Cold War B-52 Stratofortress loaded with two 3-4-megaton nuclear bombs that crashed 90 miles from Washington DC in 1961. Information suggests that detonation came closer than official reports indicated. The full details of the crash have remained classified and otherwise repressed by the Air Force, but the filmmaker, Portlander Matt McCormick, grew up with this story because the pilot was his grandfather. As McCormick recounts the history of the era, aspects of this crash, and other little-know nuclear-weapons accidents, he leaves us wondering if the U.S. was in greater danger of nuking itself than of being attacked by the Russians. De sa naissance a sa rencontre avec Veronique, en passant par ses premieres amours, les annees disco, ses premiers pas sur scene, Franck Dubosc revient sur sa vie et ses amours... A faded television actor and his stunt double strive to achieve fame and success in the film industry during the final years of Hollywood's Golden Age in 1969 Los Angeles. A documentary film following the life and times of former #1 overall national basketball prospect Estaban Weaver. American sculptor James Surls may very well be an artist at an end of an era -- his venerable methods for creating sculpture head toward extinction as computer design further infiltrates the visual art world. The documentary The House, The Hand and the Hatchet follows Surls through 2015 as he tirelessly works to create new large-scale bronze, steel and wooden sculptures and travels around the world to install them. The film depicts not only a slice of Surls's life but also a glimpse into the psychology behind his monumental artwork and the legacy he hopes to leave behind. In a moving first-person documentary, a Chilean filmmaker confronts her impending blindness by chronicling her struggles and her return home, where she reunites with family and befriends a group of street vendors who teach her how to be blind. Aby Warburg was an original and influential art historian, whose range was cross cultural, seeking the afterlife of antiquity. MARIA CONVERSES follows the actress Blanca Portillo (Palm Award to the best actress in Cannes Film Festival for Almodovar's film 'Volver') on her creative process as she prepares to incarnate Maria of Nazareth in the play Mary's Testament" by Colm Toibin and under the direction of Agustin Villaronga. A documentary on political punk band Anti-Flag. The film explores the trials and tribulations of playing politically charged music and devoting your life to activism. Dubbed New York's "Queen of the Night," proto-club kid Susanne Bartsch has been throwing unforgettable parties for over 30 years and is still going strong. Local Pennsylvania polka legend Jan Lewan develops a plan to get rich that shocks his fans and lands him in jail. The incredible tale of Mozart's Prague years. A group of journalists covering George Bush's planned invasion of Iraq in 2003 are skeptical of the presidents claim that Saddam Hussein has "weapons of mass destruction." The 14th of June 1941, Soviet-occupied Latvia: Without warning, the authorities break into the house of Melanie and her husband Aleksandr and force them to leave everything behind. Together with more than 15 000 Latvians, Melanie and her son get deported to Siberia. In her fight against cold, famine and cruelty, she only gains new strength through the letters she writes to Aleksandr, full of hope for a free Latvia and a better tomorrow. Directed by Rachel Viollet, and featuring interviews with soccer legends; Sir Alex Ferguson, Bryan Robson, Denis Law, Nobby Stiles and Paddy Crerand, this inspiring documentary showcases the life of Manchester United and Busby Babe legend Dennis Viollet. Documentary concerning North American pop/rock musician Dean Reed who achieves fame in Latin America in the 50s and 60s The producer and writer from Turin, Lorenzo Ventavoli, talks to his friend, the critic Steve Della Casa, in a brilliant conversation that touches on the most diverse subjects, from Yiddish cinema and his encounters with Bunuel, Bergman, and Woody Allen. Seyolo Zantoko is a doctor from Congo who wants to get away from dictatorship and he is hired by the mayor of a small village in the north of France. The locals fear Seyolo and his family as they have never seen African people before, and Seyolo and his family struggle to adapt to this new life. But Seyolo is determined to succeed and to win the trust of the villagers. Veteran hikes 2,650 miles to bring a voice to servicemen and women continuing to struggle with injury and pain. Posted on the FBI Ten Most Wanted List in 1977 for his involvement in bombings perpetrated by the United Freedom Front, he was arrested in 1984. From his prison cell in 1992, the political prisoner Raymond Luc Levasseur writes 'My Blood is Quebecois' in which he explains his rebellion and his radicalization by his status as a 'frog' and the racism he witnessed in a small mill town of Maine where his ancestors came to work in the factories. Released in 2004, he returned to his native Maine where he tells us about his career, from his childhood in a French Canadian family until today. "George Washington is central to understanding America's founding. He was the crucial figure in winning the American Revolution, in creating the Constitution, and in establishing the precedents for effective self-government as our first president." Newt and Callista Gingrich with the Gingrich Foundation present this life and legacy. The National Lampoon name became globally recognized after the monumental success of Animal House--but before the glory days, it was a scrappy yet divinely subversive magazine and radio show that introduced the world to comedic geniuses like Bill Murray, Chevy Chase, John Belushi, and Gilda Radner. The driving force behind National Lampoon was Doug Kenney (Will Forte), and his truly wild and crazy story unfolds in A Futile and Stupid Gesture from Harvard to Hollywood to Caddyshack and beyond. George Zimbel's work has documented the 20th century with grace, spontaneity and a remarkable eye for telling a story in one 35 mm frame. While in his teens, Donny fathered a son, Todd, and raised him as a single parent up until Todd's 18th birthday. Now, after not seeing each other for years, Todd's world comes crashing down when Donny resurfaces just before Todd's wedding. When Sardinian-Australian Lisa Camillo, an anthropologist and film director, returns to Sardinia, an island of Italy, after a 18 year absence in Australia, to her horror she finds her large chunks of her homeland decimated by mysterious bombs.  On her journey she uncovers secret NATO bombing ranges that have been having devastating consequences on the local human and animal population, setting her on a journey to expose the truth, join the islanders' fight to reclaim their land and livelihoods and, in doing so, learning about herself and her roots. In May 2010, Pananagiotis, a student and ambitious musician, gets the chance to record an album for an American label. He drops his studies in Spain and returns to Greece to make music under the pseudonym Larry Gus. Years later, his good friend Vasilis Katsoupis decides to shoot a film about him. Competitive ice skater Tonya Harding rises amongst the ranks at the U. S. Figure Skating Championships, but her future in the sport is thrown into doubt when her ex-husband intervenes. In a rare interview, Katharine Hepburn shares her memories and memorabilia. The Dutch declare unilaterally that they are not longer bound by the Renville Treaty, and to stop the ceasefire. On December 19, 1948, Army Commander General Spoor Noord Simons leads military aggression II to attack Yogyakarta, the capital of the Republic of Indonesia at the time. The Dutch arrested Soekarno-Hatta and exiled them to the island of Bangka. General Soedirman who suffered from tuberculosis leads the guerrilla war for seven months against the Dutch. Jude and Joy escape to her Parisian flat for a private detox. A dark comedy of word games, sex, fantasy and pop tarts. The true incident of the German U-Boat which torpedoed an Argentine ship to make Argentina declare war on the Allies. The film was not as successful as Cristiani's previous film, The Apostle from 1917, since Without a Trace was confiscated by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs by order of President Hipolito Yrigoyen and purportedly destroyed. It is unknown if any copies of the film exist, and it is currently considered a lost film. FBI informant Jim Hoffman lures troubled automobile magnate John DeLorean to an undercover sting for cocaine trafficking. She is spending her life defying gravity on the vertical road that literary has no beginning or end, where she has nothing to hope for, where only injury or death can happen to her. She has only her memories. Filmed in Rome and Bangkok, the film tells the story of Giulio, who has felt like he was born in the wrong body since he was a child. At the age of 27, he decides to undergo surgery, at a prestigious clinic in Thailand. But once he becomes a woman, he suffers an identity crisis that he overcomes with the help of his companion and lifelong friends. Dick Goin and his family have been fed by the Elwha River's salmon since migrating to Washington's Olympic Peninsula during the Dust Bowl. Dick has never forgotten his debt to the fish -- who have been steadily disappearing. A pulp mill worker and master fisherman turned salmon advocate, Dick uses his memories and persistence to battle for the biggest dam removal project in U.S. history. His goal: bring the salmon home. In Portugal he was a priest, in Brazil a revolutionary. Documentary about the legendary Portuguese guitar god Filipe "Phil Mendrix" Mendes. With never-before seen home video, this film recounts the paranoid downward spiral of John E. du Pont and the murder of Olympic wrestler Dave Schultz. Experience an inside look at David Bowie's incredible influence on music, art and culture via interviews with some of the people who knew him best. 'The only thing that will stop you from fulfilling your dreams is you" People have dreams, but not all of us have the guts to put faith in ourselves. Most of us lose focus and give up. We are most afraid to believe in our own dreams. Those who do are the true winners. This slice of life film is set in the backdrop of our capital city- Delhi. Convicted murderer Clyde Thompson receives the death penalty for shooting two men in Texas in 1928. When the governor spares his life, Thompson gains a reputation as the meanest man in the state while working hard labor in prison. During a mysterious thunderstorm, Vera, a young mother, manages to save a life in danger, but her good deed causes a disturbing chain of unexpected consequences. The true story of a recently widowered lawman who befriends a boy dying of tuberculosis and a madam of the local brothel while their town is being politically and violently overtaken by a gang of reckless cattlemen from Texas. The strugggle experienced by Andrew Dervish (played by Albert Halim) and Ken Dean Lawadinata (played by Dion Wiyoko) in building Kaskus, the no. 1 online discussion forum in Indonesia. Kaskus, which stands for whispered gossips, initially started from college assignments and were made from a free software. In this film, Indonesian film lovers will not only be entertained by the story of the friendship of two friends whose personality contradict each other, but also learn how friendship can be a capital base to build a successful business. Dolly Parton is the most honoured female country performer of all time. She has had 25 songs reach No1 on the Billboard Country chats, a record for a female artists. She has 41 career top 10 country albums, a record for any artist, and she has 110 career charted singles over the past 40 years. Her career began at an early age. She started as a child performer on the radio, then went on to record a few singles at the age of just 13. She had a stream of hit singles in the 80's, the most success being her 1981 hit '9 to 5', and her duet with Kenny Rogers 'Island in the Stream', both of which topped the U.S pop and country charts. She has won an incredible amount of awards, including 8 Grammy Awards, 10 Country Music Association awards, 7 Academy of Country Music Awards, and 3 American Music Awards. She is quite simply the reigning queen of Country Music...this is her story. How can we express the emotional experience of depression and suicide and overcome the stigmas associated with mental health? Sanguedolce's experimental documentary brings together four artists (including experimental filmmaker Mike Hoolboom), who speak with refreshing honesty about how thoughts of suicide have dominated their personal and creative lives. Shot on 16mm and hand-coloured, the flow of images creates a poetic visual response to the stories presented on the soundtrack and allows space for reflection. This tribute to the dynamic artist Elizabeth Murray, an intrinsic figure in New York's contemporary art landscape from the 1970s until the early 2000s, highlights her struggle to balance personal and family ambition with artistic drive in a male-dominated art world. It also addresses her later battle with cancer, at the peak of her career. Doctors are baffled when an expectant mother wakes to find her nearly-to-term pregnancy apparently disappear overnight. Police investigate the situation as a missing child, and only her husband and brother trust her version of events. The Comedy Central Roasts are a series of celebrity roast specials which air on the Comedy Central cable network. This one is for Hugh Hefner.  Balto and the other sled dogs are feeling dejected because the mail that used to be delivered by dogsled is now being delivered by airplanes. But when a mail plane crashes in the mountains, the dogs come to the rescue. A documentary about montreal architect Roger D'astous, who battled all his life to create a nordic architecture. Starchitect in the 60s, this Frank L. Wright student then fell from grace before rising again at the dawn of the century. A master strategist is appointed following Veerappan's unabashed spate of crimes and murders. The official puts in place Operation Cocoon, which involves setting up a network of spies and informers. To be gay in Beirut, one of the most openminded capitals in the Middle East, which is sinking in the era of repressions, is not as easy as it looks. This documentary tells an exceptional and an uncommon story of two lives. Jason is a gambler found a woman's body with a lot of cash on the side of the corpse. He took the money but the woman's spirits followed her and asked for help to find the killer. Mattis feels rejected by his dad and seeks attention from his male dancing teacher. But this night something is different. Mattis induces a power struggle and when the dancing teacher desperately tries to set boundaries, they both loose control. Indira, a girl from the ethnic group of Newars, falls in love with Pritambar, who is a Brahmin. She marries him, defying her parents. In Hillary's America, bestselling author and influential filmmaker Dinesh D'Souza reveals the sordid truth about Hillary Clinton and the secret history of the Democratic Party. This important and controversial film releases at a critical time leading up to the 2016 Presidential campaign and challenges the state of American politics.  A documentary about the art and life of futurist imagineer Arthur Radebaugh.  Best known for designing National Historic Landmarks such as St. Louis' iconic Gateway Arch and the General Motors Technical Center, Saarinen also designed New York's TWA Flight Center at John F. Kennedy International Airport, Yale University's Ingalls Rink and Morse and Ezra Stiles Colleges, Virginia's Dulles Airport, and modernist pedestal furniture like the Tulip chair. Daniel must defeat all odds, even himself, if he wants to regain the respect of his team and get the coaching position he covets. This documentary turns the spotlight on an overlooked component of filmmaking: the art of foley through the perspective of Taiwan's most experienced master, Hu Ding-yi. Hu has worked tirelessly for decades in his studio, manually recreating diegetic sounds (sounds whose source are visible on screen) using his large collection of everyday objects.  Through the artisan's eyes, Wang Wan-jo's timely documentary looks back at the golden age of Taiwanese cinema and examines the new dynamics of the Greater China film industry. Hu received the Lifetime Achievement prize at the 2017 Golden Horse Awards. The life story of slain legislator Vangaveeti Mohan Ranga Rao who was assassinated during the NT Rama Rao regime in 1989. A response to Yoko Ono's Film Script No. 4 "ASK THE AUDIENCE TO STARE AT THE SCREEN UNTIL IT BECOMES BLACK." I decided to assemble material shot in Cambodia in 2013 during the Cambodia King-Father Norodom Sihanouk's funeral- a week long period of national mourning in which millions of Cambodians swarmed to Phnom Penh to grieve for the loss of their beloved leader. The profoundly overwhelming nature of this mass grieving seemed to resonate with the notion of an audience literally collectively willing an image out of existence. I chose to read the action of the screen turning black as being due to the audiences collective will rather than something imposed on an audience by the filmmaker/artist. A  Documentary about Paul Gustovich... Buddhism-themed Chinese-Indian historical adventure film based on Xuanzang's seventeen-year overland journey to India during the Tang dynasty in the seventh century.  Xuan Zang (c. 602 - 664), was a Chinese Buddhist monk, scholar, traveler, and translator who described the interaction between China and India in the early Tang dynasty. From boyhood, he took to reading religious books, including the Chinese classics and the writings of ancient sages. He later travelled throughout China in search of sacred books of Buddhism. Subsequently, he developed the desire to visit India. This is when he became famous for his seventeen-year overland journey to India, which is recorded in detail in the classic Chinese text Great Tang Records on the Western Regions. After 25 years of a good marriage, what will Darcy do once she discovers her husband's sinister secret? In 1967, during the making of "La Chinoise," film director Jean-Luc Godard falls in love with 19-year-old actress Anne Wiazemsky and marries her. Memories of the life and visions of the Balkan prophet Baba Vanga, who was predicted the future of human kind and the world up to its end in the year 5079. Baba Vanga, as an older woman, tells how she lost her sight but "began to see". Following an accident, ghosts of dead people came to her to reveal what would happen to the world. Some of her predictions actually happened, some didn't, and for many predictions time will show. Lafras Verwey (58) has worked as a clerk in the Civil Service in Pretoria for thirty years. By day he sorts files and whiles away the mundane hours writing grandiose propaganda speeches and drilling imaginary platoons in the washroom, but unbeknownst to his colleagues he is also a clandestine parcel courier for a secret organization that recruited his services to complete their covert mission. A feature-length documentary about the life and career of Italian director Luigi Cozzi and his obsession with Science Fiction and Fantasy. This documentary features new remarks from Columbus and Williams together. They offer general reflections on the shoot of the film as well as thoughts about how it holds up after all these years. The time of exposure is the life span of an object in frame. In this regard, no photo is just a two-dimensional graphic composition - it always has the third, temporal dimension. A photo is a time carrier, the vessel of memory... But whose memory? Of the Face or the Thing or the Landscape which are still on the photo? Of the photographer? A Exil is a visionary narration of the exile of Cambodians during the Red Khmer regime, during which the country was renamed Democratic Kampuchea. "As an inhuman army of unknown origin rips apart her homeland, a young girl discovers within herself a well of mystical power that she neither wants nor understands. Together with her sister and an old sage, she strikes out across the war-torn countryside, searching for the truth behind an ancient family secret that could save the world from annihilation." For the first time one of Hollywood's greatest stars tells his own story, in his own words. From a childhood of poverty to global fame, Cary Grant, the ultimate self-made star, explores his own screen image and what it took to create it. The most turbulent five years in the life of a genius woman: Between 1905, where Marie Curie comes with Pierre Curie to Stockholm to be awarded the Nobel Prize for the discovery of the radioactivity, and 1911, where she receives her second Nobel Prize, after challenging France's male-dominated academic establishment both as a scientist and a woman. In this absorbing film, seven independent female Iranian documentary makers take us into their personal and professional world, in an Iran that continues to be punctured by political, social and economic crises. What becomes clear over seven autobiographical chapters, is that choosing to become a documentary maker in Iran is a brave decision, often placing your liberty in danger. These women are driven by the need to document their world, and the forces that continue to restrict their movement and freedom. Whether it is making a film about department stores in Tehran featuring mannequins with severed heads and breasts, or the women singers they used to love as children, who have been banned from radio and TV since the revolution, or the huge swell of hope that comes with each election, these directors provide a rare and incisive view inside contemporary Iran, a country they continue to love, even as they will it to change. KEN SAN pieces together the puzzle of the life and legacy of Japan's mythical acting icon, Ken Takakura. Collaborators, friends and family tell intimate stories of Ken's journey: how one man of quiet dignity became a cultural barrier-breaking film star. Mastering classic pinball arcade games requires focus, agility and dedication. Robert Gagno has all these traits. It might explain why he surged from a complete unknown to one of the world's best players in five years. The achievement is even more impressive considering he was diagnosed with autism at age three. His success on the pinball circuit made him part of a community that provided acceptance and encouragement. With his parents' support and determination, Robert has exceeded every expectation placed upon him. As he approaches adulthood, his next challenge is to become more self-sufficient and gain his independence. From high-stakes tournaments across the continent to his day-to-day search for employment, we follow Robert's persistent progression to overcome obstacles and manage the highs of success and lows of falling short. In Wizard Mode, flashing lights and triple combos highlight an outstanding individual who continues to beat the odds and set records. Liverpool, 1978: What starts as a vibrant affair between a legendary femme-fatale, the eccentric Academy Award-winning actress Gloria Grahame, and her young lover, British actor Peter Turner, quickly grows into a deeper relationship, with Turner being the person Gloria turns to for comfort.   The life story of legendary comedian, Rip Taylor. Admiral McKee (Tom Skerritt) is retired, when following the events of 9/11 he receives a call from the White House informing him that his commander in chief requires him to serve his country once again. Shortly after this he is sworn into office as a senior member of the Office of Homeland Security under Tom Ridge. Once in office Admiral McKee faces the challenge of organising this new office so as to prevent further terrorist attacks against the United States. With this in mind Admiral McKee's wife, Elise Mckee, recommends he speaks to his friend, NSA Agent Sol Binder. Little Mia has a lot of questions about death even if she is only 7 years old. She has always heard about it but never fully understood it. And as she experiences the loss of her own father, she struggles to see her mother's sadness grow heavier each day. Mia seeks help instead from the shadow puppets her father left her, to cope and understand the meaning of life and death. A group of teens break into a blind man's home thinking they'll get away with the perfect crime. They're wrong. A story about the unorthodox life of the groundbreaking Swedish journalist and author Ester Blenda Nordstrom (1891-1948). In a very restrictive time for women she travelled the world, always returning to her secret love, Carin, in Stockholm. Chasing Great is an insightful portrayal that weaves Richie McCaw's life story into his final season as an All Black, revealing the determination and mental toughness of an international sporting legend who still sees himself as an 'ordinary guy' from small town New Zealand.  The Swedish Bjorn Borg and the American John McEnroe, the best tennis players in the world, maintain a legendary duel during the 1980 Wimbledon tournament. The Milanese Donato returns from Spain, animated by the serious intention to go back to being the "ras della fossa". Second chapter of the famous 80s cult. The story behind Finland's rock giants and their songs, and their love for performing, even from childhood, and also the story of two very different brothers trying to fit in the same band. Hector is a quirky psychiatrist who has become increasingly tired of his humdrum life. As he tells his girlfriend, Clara, he feels like a fraud: he hasn't really tasted life, and yet he's offering advice to patients who are just not getting any happier. So Hector decides to break out of his deluded and routine driven life. Armed with buckets of courage and child-like curiosity, he embarks on a global quest in hopes of uncovering the elusive secret formula for true happiness. And so begins a larger than life adventure with riotously funny results. Wandering minstrel Ashik Kerib falls in love with a rich merchant's daughter, but is spurned by her father and forced to roam the world for a thousand and one nights - but not before he's got the daughter to promise not to marry till his return. It's told in typical Paradjanov style, in a series of visually ravishing 'tableaux vivants' overlaid with Turkish and Azerbaijani folksongs. Shades of blue is a photographic project that explores the technique of cyanotype. In " I paint you like this" the project becomes a set of images and sounds that reflect the three months of fieldwork and laboratory experiences. Filmmaker Kevin Macdonald examines the life and career of singer Whitney Houston. Features never-before-seen archival footage, exclusive recordings, rare performances and interviews with the people who knew her best. In 1897, an army of 21 Sikhs battles 10,000 Afghans to prevent the Saragarhi Fort from being taken down. Piirainen's documentary on the last years of Peter von Bagh. Based a on a true story about two sisters who came out on top of a man's sport. The story is based on Erica and Courtney Enders, two sisters who get in to junior drag racing and make it all the way to the top. The two sisters fight a battle of fellow racers who are against having girls race with them therefore it pushes them harder to compete against their competition. Erica becomes stressed when her racing life becomes mixed with her social life and academic goals, and decided to quit racing, until she realizes racing is what she truly wants to do. Finally towards the end of their teen years the Enders sisters come out on top to win the junior drag racing national title. They continue to race throughout high school and college, and still do so today. Dave Chappelle takes on gun culture, the opioid crisis and the tidal wave of celebrity scandals in this defiant stand-up special. North Carolina mountains at the end of the 1920s - George and Serena Pemberton, love-struck newly-weds, begin to build a timber empire. Serena soon proves herself to be equal to any man: overseeing loggers, hunting rattle-snakes, even saving a man's life in the wilderness. With power and influence now in their hands, the Pembertons refuse to let anyone stand in the way of their inflated love and ambitions. However, once Serena discovers George's hidden past and faces an unchangeable fate of her own, the Pemberton's passionate marriage begins to unravel leading toward a dramatic reckoning. The journey of Bhagwan Dada. A common man who rose to the top and became a legend in Indian Cinema. In this short animation, a girl is so carried away by her love of music that she forgets about her household chores. Her father tells her to finish the dishes. Instead of washing them, she turns them into musical instruments, and he finally recognizes her talent. Based on Article 29 of the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child, this film illustrates children's right to develop their talents and abilities to their fullest potential. A message from Jim Morrison in a dream prompts cable access TV stars Wayne and Garth to put on a rock concert, "Waynestock," with Aerosmith as headliners. But amid the preparations, Wayne frets that a record producer is putting the moves on his girlfriend, Cassandra, while Garth handles the advances of mega-babe Honey Hornee. The life story of traditional Irish folk singer Joe Heaney, who is estimated to have recorded in excess of 500 traditional Irish sean nos ('old style') songs. Heaney moved from Ireland to the UK, and then on to New York City, where he settled shortly after performing at the Newport Folk Festival in 1965. A couple of hours before the New Year a neighbor comes to an old lady for some salt. And quite suddenly kills her. And now his whole family, that gets together to celebrate the New Year, is to find out what to do now, and who is to blame. One day in 2005, Lina Fruzzetti receives a startling email that reads, "If this is your father, we are cousins." There follows a decade-long quest to learn more about her Italian father who died young in Italian ruled Eritrea and her Eritrean mother who does not dwell on the past. Above all, Fruzzetti strives to understand her far-flung African, European, and American family against the backdrop of colonial rule, worlds at war, migration, grief, diasporas, and the global world in which we all live. Auguste Rodin (1840-1917), man of the people, autodidact and revolutionary sculptor - the most brilliant of his era. At 42, Rodin meets Camille Claudel, a young woman desperate to become his assistant. He quickly acknowledges her as his most able pupil, and treats her as an equal in matters of creation. Into the world of the Emperor Penguins, who find their soul mates through song, a penguin is born who cannot sing. But he can tap dance something fierce! Twelve moving tales culled from the New Testament come vividly to life in this meticulously crafted series from 1952, with the inspirational episodes starring Nelson Leigh as Jesus Christ and Mary Dew as Mary Magdalene. Stories include the birth of the Savior, Christ's childhood, the betrayal and arrest of Jesus in Gethsemane, the trial before Pontius Pilate, and Christ's Resurrection and ascension. A tree surgeon arrives in a forest to inspect a tree, specifically Woody's. He destroys Woody's bed with a drill and Woody plans to get even. First, he sticks a pan over said drill, then sticks his foot in the tree's branch and kicks the doctor in the face with it. He also inflates the doctor's stethoscope with a bellows until it explodes and holds up a sexy pin-up when the doctor x-rays the tree. Finally, Doc discovers Woody and gives chase but Woody inevitably outsmarts him knocking the doc unconscious. The pest gone, Woody can now continue his rest. Sex Fashion and Disco is a documentary film concerning Antonio Lopez (1943-1987), the most influential fashion illustrator of 1970s Paris and New York, and his colorful and sometimes outrageous milieu. The most feared battle emcee in early-'80s NYC was a fierce teenager from the Queensbridge projects with the weight of the world on her shoulders. At age 14, hustling the streets to provide for her family, Roxanne Shante was well on her way to becoming a hip-hop legend. Carl Allen has stumbled across a way to shake free of post-divorce blues and a dead-end job: embrace life and say yes to everything. With an IQ of 149+, 13-year old Maximilian Janisch is Switzerlands most famous highly gifted child. After passing the final secondary-school examinations in Mathematics at just 9 years old, Maximilian has jumped forward 3 grades and is now attending Mathematical courses at University level. The film follows Maximilian and his parents through their high energy daily life and reflects on what it means to be a child prodigy. A young girl in pursuit of her dreams of becoming a filmmaker against all odds. Based on the life and work of Korea's renowned poet, Yun Dong Ju. Dong Ju, while studying literature in Japan, was charged and detained for having participated in the Korean Independence Movement. Known to have created hundreds of poems during his time in jail where he spent the last two years of his life, Dong Ju passed away at the young age of 27. Although it has not been proven, some believe he died due to medical experiments that were performed on his living body. A lawman goes undercover in order to capture the outlaws who murdered his wife. Budhia Singh - Born To Run is an upcoming 2016 Indian biographical sports film directed by Soumendra Padhi. It is based on Budhia Singh, who ran 48 marathons -- one of which was from Bhubaneshwar to Puri, when he was a five-year-old. Kelly, a young woman, has been plagued by nightmares of a burning man her entire life. Upon entering college, she pledges a sorority that forces them to perform an initiation night prank. With several of her friends, she breaks into a store and unfortunately discovers that it is impossible to exit from the building after it is entered illegally. Trapped in a new nightmare, Kelly must fight for survival. Harry Potter has lived under the stairs at his aunt and uncle's house his whole life. But on his 11th birthday, he learns he's a powerful wizard -- with a place waiting for him at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. As he learns to harness his newfound powers with the help of the school's kindly headmaster, Harry uncovers the truth about his parents' deaths -- and about the villain who's to blame. The chronicle of the wild and brief life of a 1970's most controversial surf star and international playboy from Los Angeles, Bunker Spreckels. Jeremy Booner is a college kid struggling with his grades, with the ladies and with life in general. Brian Miano is a smooth-talking salesman on the fast track to success. A chance encounter at an intersection leaves Jeremy and Brian secretly envious of each other's lives. Jeremy wants Brian's cool car and extravagant lifestyle while Brian wishes for Jeremy's carefree college days. Jeremy's partying and womanizing ways may have cost him both his education and the girl of his dreams, Lindsey. After a visit from an old friend, Randy, a free-spirited wanderer, Brian decides to climb down off the corporate ladder and trade in his world for something more fulfilling.  Meanwhile, when a college buddy gets swindled out of his tuition, Jeremy helps out and is inspired to turn his life around. As Brian and Jeremy both experience life altering events, their paths intertwine and their journeys come a full circle. Today he is a star of dozens of kung fu films and working behind the camera with Jackie Chan's crew. But how Luc Bendza, born in a small Gabonese town, became a kung fu master in an art that didn't count any African before him? This is the story of a kid who wanted to fly like Chinese fighters, so passionate he tackled his destiny and entered the legendary Shaolin Temple at the age of 15. His saga begins when he's 10 and starts shooting his own kung fu films with his friends in the streets of Koulamoutou. Victoria Spick, a criminal lawyer who is single, turns up at a wedding and meets three men there: David, the father of her daughters; Vincent, a friend of hers; and Sam, a former drug dealer who she bailed out. The next day, Vincent is accused of attempted murder by his partner. Fiery and flamboyant entertainer, Shawn Hitchins verges on Spalding Gray in this intimate concert filming of his internationally acclaimed and award-winning comedy, Ginger Nation. In 1975 Dynamo Kiev became the first Soviet team to win a major European trophy. The team's rapid rise was remarkable and attributed to one man: Valeri Vasilievich Lobanovskyi. His technique as a manager is now the stuff of folklore - not least for his imposing a fitness regime so brutal that his players looked upon the matches themselves as relaxing. The meeting between two young guys, Marcelo --in the future, Marcelo D2-- and Skunk , who sold t-shirts and cassette tapes in the center of Rio de Janeiro to survive, resulted in one of the most popular bands in Brazil in the 1990's, Planet Hemp. Suppressed by a prejudiced society, the two made of their music a cry of alertness and resistance, conquering the hearts and minds of an entire generation. An in-depth portrait of MANOLO BLAHNIK, self-confessed 'cobbler' and the man regarded by most influential fashion figures as 'the best shoe-maker of the 20th and 21st centuries. A film for anyone who has ever looked longingly at a pair of... 'Manolos' The Suharto regime has been holding power in Indonesia for over 30 years, shutting down democracy time and time again. Highly critical of the regime and unafraid to speak his mind, Wiji Thukul is a poet whose words are often yelled proudly by the crowd during political protests. When riots break out in Jakarta in 1996, he and a few other activists are accused to be responsible. Forced to flee, Wiji escapes to Pontianak in Borneo where he hides for eight months, sometimes living with complete strangers. There, he has to change his identity several times, but continues to write poetry and short stories under a pen name. In the meantime, in Solo, central Java, his wife, Sipon, lives with their two children under constant surveillance. In May 1998, Wiji Thukul is declared missing, a month before Suharto is deposed by his own people.  The Singer is a film about the all-time favourite singer in Finland, Olavi Virta. A man who rose from poverty all the way to the top and became an artist who was dearly loved by the Finnish people. A man who loved beautiful women and was loved by beautiful women. A man who enjoyed speed, American cars, applause and alcohol and who finally lost everything but his unique voice. When a systems engineer blows the whistle on a dangerous technology, Charlie's Angels from across the globe are called into action, putting their lives on the line to protect society. Biography about boxer Joergen 'Gamle' Hansen. An American attorney on business in China, ends up wrongfully on trial for murder and his only key to innocence is a female defense lawyer from the country. A story of globalization filtered through the fever dream of a Mexican shaman, The Modern Jungle is also an intimate portrait of Zoque culture, commodity fetish, and the predicament of documentary. A beautiful and emotionally damaged bartender plans her death until she takes in a homeless neighbor. Tokyo 1943: Italian anthropologist Fosco Maraini and painter Topazia Alliata refused to sign allegiance to Mussolini's government. They were sent to a prison camp in Nagoya with their three daughters, Dacia, Yuki and Toni. Today: Toni's daughter Mujah explores her family's experience and legacy by bringing their memories to life as she makes her own journey to Japan. A journey through several countries to find those who really know Kim Jong-un, North Korea's leader, in an attempt to profile a contradictory dictator who seems to rule his nation with both disturbing benevolence and cold cruelty while being worshipped as a living god by his subjects in exalted displays of ridiculous fanaticism. Three best friends take a trip to the desert, and their friendship is put to the test. Lior, who is openly gay, and religious Jew Elad, suddenly have to face each other's life choices. And Yossi - Where the hell is Yossi? A shallow man falls in love with a 300 pound woman because of her "inner beauty". Stuntman, action director, and martial arts legend Mark Houghton tells his story of breaking into the Hong Kong film industry, his struggle with injuries and depression, and the promise he made his teacher, the legendary filmmaker Lau Kar Leung. Charlie Fitzpatrick is the most successful high school basketball coach in Georgia history. While many of his players think of him as a father, his relationship with his own "bookworm" son, Evan, is strained. With the help of his wife, Laura and Evan's wife, Heather, Charlie determines the best way to connect and bond is to take his son and grandson, Markie, who has just announced he's dropping out of college to tour with his folk band, to a rustic mountain cabin for a weekend retreat. Only this cabin is the same site where he took his many winning teams to test their mettle over a grueling military-style obstacle course, the same one Evan, as a student never got the chance to complete. This is Charlie's idea of fun, Evan's idea of a nightmare, and Markie's idea of-well he's young and idealistic; he's just going with the flow. . Episodic journey of an Italian journalist scouring Rome in search of love. A biographical film based on the story of the singer, songwriter and pioneer of urban music in Spanish. From his humble beginnings until his jump to international fame. The harsh experiences of a warrior of life that changed the perspective of music in the world. A documentary about the Austro-British photographer Edith Tudor-Hart, Tracking Edith follows filmmaker Peter Stephan Jungk's journey to understand the motivations of his great aunt who, while living a double life as a spy for the KGB, recruited Kim Philby and helped create the Cambridge Five, the Soviet Union's most successful spy ring in the United Kingdom, which infiltrated the very top of British intelligence (and inspired John le Carre's Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy). As Jungk learns more about his aunt and her work, his film demands the question: why is she not recognized alongside Kim Philby and the Cambridge Five as one of the spies that changed the world? Between 1993 and 1999, one man robbed 29 financial institutions in Budapest. Banks, post offices and even travel agencies fell victim to his crime spree. The police had no leads and no hope of finding him during his six-year stint. The only clue left behind at the crime scenes was the distinct aroma of whiskey. The media christened him the "Whiskey Bandit". Never physically harming anyone, many began to eagerly follow his escapades through the media. A Transylvanian immigrant, who also happened to be a goalie for one of the city's largest hockey teams, named Attila Ambrus, was finally identified as the "Whiskey Bandit". The police had finally captured him... or so they thought.  This is a story about the most famous Indonesian heroine, Kartini. In early 1900 BC, where Indonesia still a colony of Netherlands, women aren't allowed to get higher education, even for royal blood. Kartini grew up to fight all this caste system and fight for equality for women. "Ophelia did not drown" is a performance art film produced in collaboration with Istituto Luce Cinecitta. The movie integrates heterogeneous languages seemingly incompatible: the sociological national repertoire and original performance art specifically designed for this project. At the center the movie is an Ophelia who is different from any literary tradition: not the fragile teenager in love with Hamlet, but many women of different colors, features and ages. A modern contemporary Ophelia, very sweet but also cynical. Our Ophelia is not lost in the woods of Denmark, but in the countryside of Lazio, from the Gazometro to the junkyard in Cisterna di Latina, from the arid limestone caves of Riano Flaminio to the wonderful futuristic Villa Perugini in Fregene, passing through another thrilling scenic ride on a tourist bus in Rome. our Ophelia eventually does not drown, renouncing her destiny of romantic heroine to become a "normal person". Chance Williams (Underwood), a man whose life is torn apart when his wife and unborn child are killed in a bizarre accident. Chance comes to believe Lauren (Morgan), wife to best friend Michael (Beach), is the only woman who can love and help him, and he's willing to do anything to make her his own. Egyptian Jeanne d'Arc' is a creative documentary that explores issues of female emancipation in 'post post-revolutionary' Egypt. Beginning with the return journey to Cairo of a filmmaker long absent from her own country, the film weaves a series of intimate portraits composed of interviews, poetic voice-over and dance; exploring themes of oppression, guilt and faith with Egyptian women, many of them artists. Reflecting on Carl Theodor Dreyer's 1928 film 'The Passion of Joan of Arc' - in which the female figure is martyred by the patriarchal forces surrounding her - 'Jeanne' is a contemporary commentary that melds documentary and dance with poetic storytelling and myth to arrive at the core of the filmmaker's enquiries into the circumstances of women in Egypt today. The main characters in the film live in Telavi (Eastern Georgia) in neighborhood to each other. Two German men. One of them plays the piano at the Charity House. He is a former fireman. He has saved Tsinandali Museum from burning. He lives in an abandoned canning factory and tries to set a chicken farm but all the time he is robbed.  It is already 20 years that electricity supply was cut for another "soviet" German man. He refused all capitalistic benefits as a protest! He invented a stove which produces electricity. He calls his half-fallen apart house the symbol of "the Broken Soviet Union" and he considers himself as the museum exhibit. The 70-minute film follows ambient pioneers The Orb as they work on their 2015 album Moonbuilding 2703 AD The story of Guido Mancini. Based on an actual incident at the University of Virginia Medical Center, this made-for-TV drama (also known as "Switched At Birth") tells the story of Sarah and Linda, two mothers who give birth on the same day in the same hospital. 18 months after the two women had contentedly gone home with the babies, a DNA test proves the infants were switched at birth by the hospital... Based on Graham Greene's novel, a married colonial police chief struggles with his conscience when he has an affair with a younger woman. A mysterious visitor spends the night at an apartment belonging to a young engaged couple and their friend. Over the course of the night and the following day he sleeps with all three roommates and then disappears, leading to conversations about God, life and filmmaking. '20 Years of Spice' explores the meteoric rise to fame of the 90's pop phenomenon, the Spice Girls. 2016 marks 20 years since the Spice Girls' debut release, 'Wannabe', and the film covers the entire breadth of their careers both as a group; quintet and quartet, as well as their solo endeavors. Jorge de Sena was forced to leave his country. First he moved to Brazil, and later to the USA. He never returned to Portugal. During his 20-year-long exile, he kept an epistolary correspondence with Sophia de Mello Breyner Andresen. These letters are a testimony of the profound friendship between the two poets, letters of longing and of desire to "fill years of distance with hours of conversation". Through excerpts and verses, a dialog is established, revealing their divergent opinions but mostly their strong bond, and their efforts to preserve it until their last breaths. Not a great deal of archival material about Wilfrid Israel has survived but, with the aid of photographs, a few documents, eyewitness interviews, and archival material relating to the rise of the Nazis, Yonatan Nir and his colleagues have created a fascinating picture of a man who was driven by his determination to save as many lives as possible. He saw the writing on the wall long before the great majority of German Jews and decided to use his great wealth for the rescue of as many people as possible. For example, he provided the finance for the creation of a children's settlement in Palestine, helped hundreds of his employees to emigrate (paying them two years' wages!), and not only inspired the Kindertransport movement but supported the operation financially. A bunch of bootleggers run booze in the South. By the early 1980s, after two decades of violence and unrest, the situation in Northern Ireland took a sudden and profound turn inside the infamous Maze Prison. Seeking the right to be treated as political prisoners rather than common criminals, Irish Republicans led by Bobby Sands began a prison hunger strike that would draw international attention to the conflict. In the 66 days that he refused food, Sands would be elected to the British Parliament, put the Irish Republican struggle centre stage on the world news agenda, and pay the ultimate price for his political convictions. The film combines a powerful mosaic of archival materials, reconstructions and the illuminating accounts of former prisoners, commentators and key players in the drama. With Sands's evocative prison diary at its core, the film brings fresh insight to an iconic figure who single-handedly created a transformative moment in Ireland's history that had global aftershocks. In Alleluia! The Devil's Carnival, Lucifer (Terrance Zdunich) incites Heaven's wrath by dispatching train cars of condemned souls a-crashin' through the pearly gates. As God (Paul Sorvino) plots to put an end to the rebellious deeds, a fable is told, and the midway gets set for a fateful reunion between God's Agent (Adam Pascal) and Hell's Painted Doll (Emilie Autumn), promising to make sinner and saint alike scream Alleluia! Padmini (Manju Warrier) a traditional married woman who goes to Manali, Himachal Pradesh to meet her car rallyist husband Giri (Jinu Joseph). Rani a North Indian bred troublemaker with feminine qualities running away from a rowdy who has posed threat to her life. As fate would have, they meet together and an illustrious journey starts where they are met with pleasantness, happiness, dread and excitement. William promises to marry his sweetheart, Mary, after completing medical school. William's father has saved enough money to set up William's medical practice. However, Mary's alcoholic father discovers the savings and steals it. Jonas (Walker Jr) is on the road to Salina. He stops at a gas station/restaurant and its owner, Mara (Hayworth), is struck by his resemblance to her dead son, Rocky (Porel). He decides to stay on and meets Mara's friend Warren (Begley) and Rocky's sister Billie (Famer), but dark facts are to be revealed about the death of Rocky. Beksinski is a gentle man with arachnophobia, despite his hardcore sexual fantasies and his fondness for painting disturbing dystopian works. Beksinski is a family man who wants only the best for his loving wife Zofia, neurotic son Tomasz and the couple's aging mothers. His daily painting to classical music eventually pays off and he makes a name for himself in contemporary art. Good Catholic woman Zofia tries to hold the family together, but troubled son Tomasz proves to be a handful with his violent outbursts and suicidal threats. Their relief is brief when he starts dating women and becomes a radio presenter and movie translator, and the concerned parents must be on constant watch to prevent their son from hurting himself. But Beksinski never believed that family life would always be sunshine and rainbows. As he tapes everything with his beloved camcorder, the 28-year Beksinski saga unfolds through paintings, near-death experiences, dance music trends and funerals... Ernesto (Martin Halm) is a young Italian Jew of the early 1900s who works in his uncle's factory in Trieste. Not entirely secure with his sexual orientation, Ernesto enters into an affair with one of his uncle's employees--then experiments with heterosexuality, courtesy of an obliging prostitute. When the boy finds himself participating in an arranged marriage with the female twin of one of his male lovers, he finally makes the choice that will determine the direction of his subsequent sex life. Director Brigitte Berman profiles Canadian icon Gordon Pinsent, who left Newfoundland in the late 1940s to launch a storied, seven-decade career as one of the leading actors and most beloved figures in Canadian film and television. In 2013, Film makers Anna and Tom Davies set off on a round-the-world journey, meeting and connecting with different people from different backgrounds and collating their stories. Each person interviewed shared who they are, what they'd experienced, their ideas on love and freedom and lessons they've learnt.  The documentary is a compilation of these stories and insights. An opportunity to learn, appreciate, connect and care about people living in our global community. Artist and filmmaker Philippe Mora (Mad Dog Morgan; The Howling II; Swastika) is producing a graphic novel about his late father, Georges, widely known in Melbourne as a beloved contemporary art patron and owner of bohemian eateries Mirka Cafe, Cafe Balzac and the Tolarno Restaurant and Galleries. Less known, however, is Georges' astonishing history as part of the French resistance during World War II, his friendship with renowned mime Marcel Marceau (Philippe's godfather), and how together they saved thousands of Jewish lives with a fiendishly simple trick involving baguettes and mayonnaise. Torrey Pines is a stop-motion animated feature film by director Clyde Petersen. Based on a true story, the film is a queer punk coming-of-age tale, taking place in Southern California in the early 1990's.  Raised by a schizophrenic single mother, Petersen's life story unfolds in a series of baffling and hallucinated events. With a mother fueled by hallucinations of political conspiracy and family dysfunction, twelve-year-old Petersen is taken on a cross-country adventure that will forever alter the family as they know it. Indonesia 1988. The world prepares for the 24th Olympics in Seoul. Indonesian archery is in a critical point. It needs a coach who can prepare women archery team in a short time. The only thing that can be relied upon to is Donald Pandiangan (Reza Rahardian), but Donald had long disappeared. In 1980 while trying to follow the Moscow Olympics, he was canceled for political reasons. Now he lives far from archery. Besides the coach, the team must also be filled from the three best female athletes. They are Nurfitriyana (Bunga Citra Lestari), Lilies (Chelsea Islan) and Kusuma (Tara Basro). When Nick is fired from his high-powered investment firm at Christmastime, he takes a job at a Christmas tree lot. There, he meets Julie, an astronomy teacher who's always looked to the stars for hope. As the Christmas spirit washes over him--and he begins falling for Julie--the once self-centered Nick discovers the joy of helping others. Under the oppressive Japanese colonial rule, Deok-hye, the last Princess of the declining Joseon Dynasty, is forced to move to Japan. She spends her days missing home, while struggling to maintain dignity as a princess. After a series of failed tries, Deok-hye makes her final attempt to return home with help of her childhood sweetheart, Jang-han. To celebrate the 10th Anniversary of the launch of the original game, we flew to Warsaw for 10 days to conduct over a dozen interviews with the people behind the design of The Witcher franchise.  In tackling a project of this size we decided to focus down on a number of stories. The first two videos chart the rise of CD Projekt from the ashes of Soviet Poland, and include nostalgic tales of the development of the first two games.  The next three videos in the series dive into what we felt were the most uniquely interesting parts of the game's development; it's world-building, the design of it's quests and the crazy length the team go to to localize the game for other markets. Finally, the fourth video in the series is a pick & mix of many other elements that were crucial to the game's success; music, combat design, cinematics, Gwent, and much more. During a family visit, a devout man tells his grandson about significant events from the history of Sikhs in India. An account of the life and work of the legendary cinematographer and director Carlo Di Palma (1925-2004) and an emotional journey into the greatest moments of cinema, from the Italian neorealism to the masterpieces of Woody Allen, commented by prestigious figures of world cinema.  British retirees travel to India to take up residence in what they believe is a newly restored hotel. Less luxurious than its advertisements, the Marigold Hotel nevertheless slowly begins to charm in unexpected ways as the residents find new purpose in their old age. Frank & Ava joins the wild ride of the tempestuous relationship between icons, Frank Sinatra and Ava Gardner showing their multi-year love affair and subsequent marriage. In 1949, a downcast Frank, his career on the wane because of a faltering voice, a failing marriage, and a tarnished off-screen reputation falls in love with rising star, Ava, by consensus, the most beautiful woman in Hollywood. While their love was incandescent, they were hapless as a couple; often pursued by reporters such as Hedda Hopper who played them off against each other in the tabloids; casting Frank as an adulterer and Ava as a home wrecker while Frank!s wife, Nancy Barbato, refused to grant him a divorce. Once married in 1951 the tabloids then paraded their sorted affairs whenever their careers separated them. (Often it was Ava who went off to Europe or Africa to make a movie, leaving Frank behind). In the meantime, Frank, career hanging by a thread, is desperately trying to land the acting job that he ... Delve into the minds of serial killers Leonard Lake and Charlie Ng with this horrifying found footage film, spanning the 1983-1984 killing spree that shocked California and the nation. The moving story of a lonely, isolated woman with a heart condition whose life is transformed by a service dog, and what happens when she has to let go of the loyal companion who changed her life. In 2015, visual artist Nick Cave traveled to Shreveport, Louisiana to begin an eight month art project leading up to a one-time multimedia performance using hundreds of people from the local community. This behind the scenes documentary shows how one man brought people from all walks of life together using the power of art. One Nation Under Trump is the first comprehensive feature documentary to delve into the zeitgeist of the unstoppable Donald Trump revolution, from the ground floor all the way to the pinnacle of the 2016 American political landscape. The mockumentary follows the contests, judges, and hostess of a go go boy dancing contest. With a little sex, sabotage, and a few dirty tricks, this movie will turn you on, bend you over with laughter and then give you a happy ending. This is the fabulous tale of Griselidis Real, prostitute and poet, woven together from images and archive material that conjure up her extraordinary life and world. Her writings chart her days spent in a Swiss brothel and her time as an activist in Paris, tracing her political ideals as this impassioned woman took the world by storm. It's a pure joy to (re)discover her texts here, as if in an exquisitely revised edition. The Kalaallit people of Greenland have been intimately connected to the eternal ice for millennia. These massive glaciers stand as records of ancient eras of the planet - but recently they began disappearing. As the foundation of their traditions literally melts beneath their feet, members of the Kalaallit community work with artists to capture the images and stories of a vanishing landscape and way of life. Apocalypse at the Little Bighorn, Custer's final battle. The most beautiful paintings are those which you dream about when you lie in bed smoking a pipe, but which you never paint. In an eastern Turkish town, suitors knock on the door of the mayor and father of three beautiful daughters who choose to follow their own paths. After the Second World War, budding film composer Jerry Herst moves to Hollywood to study with infamous master teacher Mario Castelnuovo-Tedesco. Following the life of Recep Tayyip Erdogan, a Turkish politician who has been the 12th President of Turkey since 2014.  With the German Occupation in Greece (1941-1944) as a background, this film tells the love story between my father, an assistant professor at the mysterious German Scientific Institute of Athens - financed by the occupying power, Germany, but in reality a refuge for resistant students - and Nelly, a young student in Fine Arts. The film also traces the portrait of their friend Rudolf Fahrner, founder of the Institute, comrade of the Stauffenberg Brothers and one of the few conspirators of the assassination attempt on Adolf Hitler, on 20 July 1944, that survived the repression that followed. An intimate portrait of Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov -- once Deputy Prime Minister and "an heir of President Yeltsin", later an uncompromising adversary of Putin -- that was assassinated near the Kremlin in February 2015. Election campaigns and hotel beds, protest rallies and office routine, train compartments and courtrooms, night walks and police vans - you have never seen any politician so close. This is a story how a journalist assignment turns into a genuine friendship. Apartheid is rampant in South Africa, 1963. When ten men are arrested on a farm in Rivonia for conspiring to commit sabotage and violent acts against the repressive S. African government, tenacious lawyer Bram Fisher steps up to the challenge as lead counsel. He soon finds that political leader Nelson Mandela is also on trial. Mandela urges his fellow defendants to plead not guilty and shine light on the systemic corruption against the African people. As the outcome of the trial looks bleak, Mandela gives his famous "I'm Prepared to Die" speech, discussing how the ANC's resistance is justified. But will Mandela's impassioned speech save these men's lives? In 1999 Aaron Baker broke his neck in a motocross accident, leaving him completely paralyzed from the neck down. Despite doctor's grim prognosis over the next 16 years Aaron decided not to listen to those who said 'he had a million-to-one odds of ever feeding himself again' and instead, through painstaking effort, endeavored to regain as much mobility as possible. This journey through the unknown took him from the depths of depression to the joys of cross country road tripping via tandem bicycle with his mother and friends, and finally, culminated in his opening a socially conscious low cost gym focused on increasing mobility for the disabled. Now in Coming To My Senses we watch as Aaron takes one final journey which symbolizes his recovery: to cross a 20 mile tract of Death Valley unsupported on foot. But will he make it? Old Jacinta knits non-stop longing for a visit Dolores Claiborne was accused of killing her abusive husband twenty years ago, but the court's findings were inconclusive and she was allowed to walk free. Now she has been accused of killing her employer, Vera Donovan, and this time there is a witness who can place her at the scene of the crime. Things look bad for Dolores when her daughter Selena, a successful Manhattan magazine writer, returns to cover the story. Inspired by the revolutionary work of David Holmgren, A Living Earth is a beautifully shot documentary about the Belgian Desnie Farm School and the power of Permaculture to build a sustainable world. Every day in the United States, law enforcement agencies at the local, state, and federal levels--including the FBI and DEA--use investigative resources to target the supply side in the war against drugs. But, even with numerous law enforcement successes in this area, the demand for drugs continues. And, one of the more worrisome trends is a growing epidemic of prescription opiate and heroin abuse, especially among young people. Maryam finds out that her parents are not her biological parents. About the last two years of movie goddess Jayne Mansfield's life and the speculation swirling around her untimely death being caused by a curse after her alleged romantic dalliance with Anton LaVey, head of the Church of Satan. Simba idolises his father, King Mufasa, and takes to heart his own royal destiny. But not everyone in the kingdom celebrates the new cub's arrival. Scar, Mufasa's brother--and former heir to the throne--has plans of his own. The battle for Pride Rock is ravaged with betrayal, tragedy and drama, ultimately resulting in Simba's exile. With help from a curious pair of newfound friends, Simba will have to figure out how to grow up and take back what is rightfully his. A destitute young man, raised by racist skinheads and notorious among white supremacists, turns his back on hatred and violence to transform his life, with the help of a black activist and the woman he loves. After forty years of fabulous drag queens, killer costumes and gender bending beauties; the political roots of the event may not be so obvious to those attending this annual July 4th celebration, but the message of equality and freedom are still as relevant today as when Panzi and a crew of protesters staged the original Invasion in 1976. As gay rights have progressed, the Invasion has been used to take a satirical look at the world around us. Long before Congress was hashing out marriage equality, invaders were challenging the mainstream ideals and demanding change by fighting against bias, AIDS, sexism, bigotry and traditional gender roles. It's so much more than a day of drinking and drag. It is a tradition that honors those that came before us and it's a glimpse into what the world would be like if we had true openness and independence. Ronnie Peterson nicknamed "Superswede" was the fastest formula 1-driver in the 70s who never became a world champion. A Chance in the World is the unbelievable real life story of Steve, a wounded and broken boy destined to become a man of resilience and vision. From the day he is five-years-old and dropped off at his foster home of the next eleven years, Steve is mentally and physically tortured by Betty (his foster mother), Willie (her husband) and his foster siblings. Desperate for a sense of family and belonging, Steve searches for his biological parents, but no one in the system can help him. No one can tell him why, with obvious African-American features, he has the last name of Klakowicz.  Go behind the scenes during One Directions sell out "Take Me Home" tour and experience life on the road. Plain Talk is a complex essay-film, a follow-up a decade and some years later to Speaking Directly, and so another State of the Nation discourse, made for Britain's Channel Four in the year 1986-87. The work involved extensive travel around the United States, and poses an examination of just what America is/was, or what do we mean when we speak of it. Done in a series of radically different sections which collide with each other in a manner intended to provoke thinking, Plain Talk, which was made by an American and intended for American viewers, was indeed broadcast in Britain, but somewhat predictably, not in the USA. Javier Bardem produces this documentary on the larger-than-life director Bigas Luna, compiled from over 600 hours of his personal video-diaries to reveal his most intimate side. A Communist officer falls hard for a married woman trying to escape from Hungary. In this virtual-reality documentary, Holocaust survivor Pinchas Gutter returns to Majdanek concentration camp and shares memories of his experience there. Notorious gangster, Pat Tate, rises through the ranks of Essex's criminal underworld. A prequel to the 'Rise of the Footsoldier' franchise.  A feature length experimental documentary based on the writing of Cabeza de Vaca. Anna Nicole Smith as herself describe a "normal" day of her life and shows what she think and feel about any person or anything in her daily life. From male servant to female servant, from cook to driver, from friends to lawyers, from photographer to a camera, from bed to bath-tub, she describes everything about her daily life. A Shot in the Dark is the second and more successful film from the Pink Panther film series where both animated and real life sequences are mixed. A cult classic from Blake Edwards based on the play L'Idiot by Marcel Achard and Harry Kurnitz. A married couple struggling with their children's disabilities and the husband's late acceptance of his previously suppressed homosexuality. A few decades after the destruction of the Inca empire, a Spanish expedition leaves the mountains of Peru and goes down the Amazon river in search of gold and wealth. Soon, they come across great difficulties and Don Aguirre, a ruthless man who cares only about riches, becomes their leader. But will his quest lead them to "the golden city", or to certain destruction? A documentary about an Icelandic artist in Texas who creates larger-than-life sculptures. Policemen Bonaro and Madigan lose their guns to fugitive Barney Benesch. As compensation, the two NYC detectives are given a weekend to bring Benesch to justice. While Bonaro and Madigan follow up on various leads, Police Commissioner Russell goes about his duties, including attending functions, meeting with aggrieved relatives, and counseling the spouses of fallen officers. Col. Guile and various other martial arts heroes fight against the tyranny of Dictator M. Bison and his cohorts. A pretty young girl falls for an enigmatic, shy man who sweeps her off her feet. She becomes pregnant but is not allowed to tell him. His advisers are adamant. Back home, they have set up a wedding with the daughter of an antagonistic family and marriage will put an end to the blood feud between them. Set within the Corpus Christi Monastery in Rockford, Illinois, Chosen: Custody of the Eyes forms an intimate portrait of Heather*, a former blogger and painter confronting what she believes is her calling: Becoming a cloistered contemplative nun in one of the strictest religious orders. Chosen is a coming-of-age story by first-time filmmaker Abbie Reese in collaboration with Heather, who became the film's primary cinematographer. The Novice Mistress deemed this project a "once in a lifetime" occurrence - permitting a video camera to capture monastic life from the inside. *She selected the alias "Heather" to reflect the Poor Clare Colettine pursuit of anonymity. Gerald Fox's film documents Bill Viola and his wife and close collaborator Kira Perov's odyssey to create two permanent video installations for London's St Paul's Cathedral, Martyrs and Mary, the first art commissions of their kind to be installed in Britain's most famous religious space. Seven Afro-French women investigate the pieces of their mosaic identities and unravel what it means to be French. "A Motion Selfie" is one-of-a-kind DIY filmmaking: a darkly comic chronicle following a year in the life of a washed-up viral video star and the sexually depraved stalker who becomes obsessed with his work.   Charged with 2400 volts of electricity, Eduardo Garcia lost an arm, ribs, muscle mass and nearly his life, but more important than what he lost is what he found. Underwater Flights is comprised of ten film short stories that depict events occurring between 1820 and 1940. This was a time when clever men invented flying machines, submarines started traveling underwater, warships were built in Tallinn, bombs were thrown from zeppelins and planes started to fly across oceans. These stories about wild times and creative people are told by film newsreels, private letters, intelligence reports and bedtime stories... The stranger-than-fiction true story of George Lazenby, a poor Australian car mechanic who, through an unbelievable set of circumstances, landed the role of James Bond despite having never acted a day in his life. Based on the true story of an award-winning investigative journalist -- and avowed atheist -- who applies his well-honed journalistic and legal skills to disprove the newfound Christian faith of his wife... with unexpected, life-altering results. Started in the sleepy college town of Charlottesville, Virginia, The Collective of Lady Arm Wrestlers (AKA CLAW), is spreading like cooties; with sister branches in Austin, Brooklyn, New Orleans, DC, and even Sao Paolo, Brazil. Each league sticks to simple rules, ladies arm wrestle in character, raising money for good causes. Other then that, there are no rules. Together, they have raised over $250,000 for charity. Who are the iconoclastic women behind the movement and the wrestling personalities who grip up for philanthropic glory(this ain't your mother's Junior League)? Is it the fourth wave of feminism of the latest form of burlesque? And whats with the Ref? Beneath Anna Poliatova's striking beauty lies a secret that will unleash her indelible strength and skill to become one of the world's most feared government assassins. A quirk in time and space gives a failed filmmaker the chance to reshape his destiny when he visits his peculiar alma mater. MYSTERIOUS MASTERPIECE (Cold Case Torrentius) is a documentary film by Maarten de Kroon, one of the makers of the prizewinning documentary Dutch Light, made in cooperation with Jeanne van der Horst. We investigate the incredible case of the 17th century Dutch painter known as Johannes Torrentius, born Johannes Symonsz. van der Beeck (1589-1644). A hallucinating story about a libertine and genius painter, tolerance and intolerance and torture and one mysterious painting. Built upon a 14 hour interview, McKellen: Playing the Part is a unique journey through the key landmarks of McKellen's life, from early childhood into a demanding career that placed him in the public eye for the best part of his lifetime. Using an abundance of photography from McKellen's private albums and cinematically reconstructed scenes, a raw talent shines through in the intensity, variety and devotion to that moment in the light. Carne Ross was a government highflyer. A career diplomat who believed Western Democracy could save us all. But working inside the system he came to see its failures, deceits and ulterior motives. He felt at first hand the corruption of power. After the Iraq war Carne became disillusioned, quit his job and started searching for answers. A coming-of-(old)-age story about Peter Anton, an elderly "outsider" artist living in isolated and crippling conditions whose world changes when two filmmakers discover his work and storied past. Shot over eight years, ALMOST THERE documents Anton's first major exhibition and how the controversy it generates forces him to leave his childhood home. Each layer revealed reflects on the intersections of social norms, elder care, and artistic expression. The unconventional life of Dr. William Marston, the Harvard psychologist and inventor who helped invent the modern lie detector test and created Wonder Woman in 1941. Five women arrive in Italy from different countries in search of love, work, freedom. A private detective is hired to find a missing stripper but the job turns complicated when everyone he questions ends up dead. From the mean streets of Los Angeles to the desolate desert of New Mexico, Cruz must contend with a brutal Russian Boxer, three brash LAPD detectives, an aged billionaire looking for the Big Bang, and the billionaire's stunningly gorgeous wife. The solution to the mystery will cost ten lives, net $30 million and just might explain - well - everything. Kiarostami as we have never really known him before, despite the transformative power of his many movies. Filmmaker and close friend Samadian avoids the talking heads of so many artistic memoirs to offer more candid clips of Kiarostami the man: lover of poetry, convivial with friends, engaging landscapes on and off screen, laughing with other artists. The artist and visionary emerges more clearly but so does a loving, wondrous man whom we will miss now as much as the auteur. Mokhtar, a filmmaking professor, receives an unexpected gift on his 75th birthday from his daughter Kawthar, a filmmaker in her early twenties. With two plane tickets to Rome, they set out in search of his long lost love - Patrizia - the woman he promised to return to thirty-three years ago. Being filmed unknowingly throughout the trip, Mokhtar's raw emotions are captured by his daughter's hidden camera. As voyeurs to this quest for love, we are immersed in the lives of the father and daughter, and the triumphs and tribulations they experience during their trip. The tragedy of Adrian's battle with himself and his disease balanced with his joy and love of life and his creativity. This is the universal story of the razor's edge that so many artists walk between heaven and hell.  A phenomenon of popularity in the 1960s, Wilson Simonal saw his meteoric career fall apart when he was accused of collaborating with the Brazilian military dictatorship. Robert van Gulik (1910-1967) is one of the world's most read authors from the Netherlands. This diplomat, Sinologist and scholar is mainly known for his detective novels, starring 'Judge Dee'. Filmmaker Rob Rombout follows in his footsteps to discover the author's legacy - via his diaries, the people he inspired and those who witnessed his extraordinary life. David Huggins, a 72 year-old New Jersey man, claims to have had a lifetime of encounters with otherworldly beings--including an interspecies romance with an extra-terrestrial woman (who he lost his virginity to). He's chronicled it all in his surreal impressionist paintings. Are his experiences dreams, hallucinations, or could they be reality? After the mysterious disappearance of their mother, estranged brothers reunite and discover an unknown supernatural force. From the barnstorming era through World War II and into the jet age, the worlds of aviation and race relations intersect in these fascinating stories of courage and innovation. Traces the life and mental illness of New York artist and photographer Ruth Litoff, and her sister's struggle to come to terms with her tragic suicide. A painter with an incredibly rare genetic disorder comes to terms with his disability through his bold art. Young social worker falls in love with a delinquent girl on the run. Since few years ago Imma won the reality show "the Farm", her actress's career never started. Despite many defeats, She never gave up her desire to gives herself to the art. Jose Mauro is nervous about leaving his old apartment. Hilda and him will move to a place where everything will be new again, after 35 years living together. Hilda doesn't know what to do with the objects from that house that was never hers, and from where Jose Mauro has not left for the past 20 years. Everything will be packed and the old mattresses thrown away. Gabriel rents a room in Juan's House. They work together in a Woodwork place. Gabriel is a very quiet guy and has a little daughter. Juan is a party boy who has a lots of girls around. Inadvertently the sexual tension starts to grow between them. It opens a new hidden forbidden world they have to deal with. Two men, both hiding a deadly secret, are on a murderous rampage through the desert. Julius and Vincent Benedict are the results of an experiment that would allow for the perfect child. Julius was planned and grows to athletic proportions. Vincent is an accident and is somewhat smaller in stature. Vincent is placed in an orphanage while Julius is taken to a south seas island and raised by philosophers. Vincent becomes the ultimate low life and is about to be killed by loan sharks. An Adivasi 13-year-old from Telangana becomes the youngest girl in history to climb Mount Everest. The true story of punks, queers, & criminals on a ride with two men who accidentally changed music along the way. Raama, who is a devotee of Lord Venkateswara, denounces worldly pleasures including his soon-to-be-bride and maradalu Bhavani and ends up at Tirumala. He decides to change the face of Tirumala by turning it into 'Kaliyuga Vaikuntham' both for pilgrims and the deity with the help of Krishnamma. His endeavours to do so, the hurdles and his encounters with the Lord himself is the story. A working woman, mother a three children, realizes that, when her youngest one is about to go to Canada to continue her education, she will end up out of her most precious goal, being a mother.. Set against the backdrop of the infamous Theatre Grand Guignol the story revolves around iconic actress Paula Maxa - the most famous of the Grand Guignol's leading ladies and the titular Most Assassinated Woman, who was graphically slain on stage multiple times a day. Chronicling the beautiful and tragic life and career of Ted Gardestad, this biopic tells the story of the great highs and lows of one of Sweden's most loved artists. On the night of April 8, 1997, an innocent college student was brutally murdered in a burger shop washroom for no apparent reason. 2 Korean-American teenagers are brought for questioning and are charged with murder and possession of lethal weapon and withholding evidence. Neither is remorseful for their heinous crimes and blames each other for the killing. Two filmmakers journey to Arizona's Sonoran Desert to find bufo alvarus, a psychedelic toad. TOAD TO NOWHERE is a documentary about healing, hallucinogens, and looking within to explore the unknown. 16 years later, Tanguy, now 44, returns to his parents' house with his daughter Zhu under his arm because Mei Lin left him. Disappointed to see their "little one" in this state, Paul and Edith do everything to give him a taste for life, without realizing that by doing so, they braid the rope to hang themselves. Because Tanguy is starting to feel good with his parents. Lexington, Kentucky, 2004. Four young men attempt to execute one of the most audacious art heists in the history of the United States. Hitler's biography told like never before. Besides brief historical localizations by a narrator, only contemporaries and Hitler himself speak: no interviews, no reenactment, no illustrative graphics and no technical gadgets. The testimonies from diaries, letters, speeches and autobiographies are assembled with new, often unpublished archive material. Hitler's life and work are thus reflected in a unique way in interaction with the image of the society in the years 1889 to 1945. When Algie Allmore asks to marry Clarice, the young woman's father gives him one year to prove that he's a man. A few decades after the destruction of the Inca empire, a Spanish expedition leaves the mountains of Peru and goes down the Amazon river in search of gold and wealth. Soon, they come across great difficulties and Don Aguirre, a ruthless man who cares only about riches, becomes their leader. But will his quest lead them to "the golden city", or to certain destruction? The story of Lynyrd Skynyrd; The Greatest American Rock Band Ever. We fly beyond Free Bird to celebrate the life & times of leader Ronnie Van Zant, from boogie-woogie beginnings in Jacksonville's Shantytown to a tragic end in a Mississippi swamp. Inspired by an exclusive interview and performance footage of Chavela Vargas shot in 1991 and guided by her unique voice, the film weaves an arresting portrait of a woman who dared to dress, speak, sing, and dream her unique life into being. In 1843, despite the fact that Dickens is a successful writer, the failure of his latest book puts his career at a crossroads, until the moment when, struggling with inspiration and confronting reality with his childhood memories, a new character is born in the depths of his troubled mind; an old, lonely, embittered man, so vivid, so human, that a whole world grows around him, a story so inspiring that changed the meaning of Christmas forever. Eyal, an Israeli Mossad agent, is given the mission to track down and kill the very old Alfred Himmelman, an ex-Nazi officer, who might still be alive. Pretending to be a tourist guide, he befriends his grandson Axel, in Israel to visit his sister Pia. The two men set out on a tour of the country during which, Axel challenges Eyal's values. A young woman who grew up in a conservative Muslim neighborhood in the Middle East founds a summer camp in California where girls are given three weeks to make their own video game demo. For all the shame we hide For all the blame assigned It's time we have our say On how we are defined Serving Sara is a 2002 romantic comedy film which stars Matthew Perry, Elizabeth Hurley and Bruce Campbell. Joe Tyler (Perry) is a process server who is given the assignment to serve Sara Moore (Hurley) with divorce papers. A documentary made up of conversations about the past, the present, the future, and identity.  With the help of a German bounty hunter, a freed slave sets out to rescue his wife from a brutal Mississippi plantation owner. Documentary about British author and actor Alan Bennett. Recorded over the course of a year, the film features a number of intimate encounters with Bennett, including a trip to New York to receive an award from the city's public library, a national radio appearance and a visit to his local community-run library in Primrose Hill, London. Reflecting on key periods of his life as well as providing observations on current events. The black power salute by Tommie Smith and John Carlos at the 1968 Mexico Olympics was an iconic moment in the US civil rights struggle. Far less known is the part in that episode in history played by Peter Norman, the white Australian on the podium who had run second -- and the price paid afterward by all three athletes. Yu Xiuhua was raised to hope for little from her life in the rural Chinese province of Hubei. At 19, Xiuhua's mother encouraged her to marry a man nearly twice her age, fearful no one else would accept a wife with Xiuhua's condition -- cerebral palsy. But as her 20th anniversary approaches, Xiuhua's poetry goes viral, and she becomes the voice of a rising feminist movement throughout China. Varichina was the first openly out homosexual man in Bari in the '70s. Ugly, flashy and campy, he was well known for making coarse advances to every man he saw. He was gay, had nothing to hide, and lived a life of celebration! Funny and heartwarming, Varichina: The True Story of the Fake Life of Lorenzo de Santis is a documentary/fiction hybrid looking at someone who was WAY OUT, long before it was socially acceptable. The life of Tony-winning playwright Terrence McNally (Master Class, Ragtime): 60 years of groundbreaking plays and musicals, the struggle for LGBT rights, addiction and recovery, finding true love, and the relentless pursuit of inspiration. Two women get on the highway heading to Santa Fe. Marilyn dreams of winning a contest held by a famous belly dancing company, while her friend, Mona, has a darker secret. What would happen if a 9.7 magnitude earthquake were to strike the L.A. area? This is what "Cracking Up" looks at from the lighter side. The movie is composed of individual skits of original material by the actors spun around this hypothetical disaster. George W. Bush picks Dick Cheney, the CEO of Halliburton Co., to be his Republican running mate in the 2000 presidential election. No stranger to politics, Cheney's impressive resume includes stints as White House chief of staff, House Minority Whip and defense secretary. When Bush wins by a narrow margin, Cheney begins to use his newfound power to help reshape the country and the world. Documentary of Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds' 1989 tour of America. Biopic of Pratima Barua Pande The popular rise of darts is charted in this pin-sharp documentary that follows the trajectory of arrows from local pub to beer-soaked arena. Featuring archive footage, behind-the-scenes access and interviews with current darting personalities such as Michael van Gerwen, Gary Anderson and Raymond van Barneveld, the film traces the sport's evolution from humble beginnings through to the glamorous heyday of the 1980s and on into the lucrative professional era. Directed by Wallace Worsley. A documentary that follows the rise of a superstore entrepreneur. Georges "Herge" Remi, a complex and complicated artist, created Tintin, one of the most famous characters in the world. With exceptional access to the archives of Studios Herge and Moulinsart,  this documentary looks at Remi's life and the way he changed the art of comic. Based on a true story. On 27 April 1940, Luftwaffe pilot Horst Schopis' Heinkel 111 bomber is shot down near Grotli by an RAF Blackburn Skua L2940 fighter, which then crash-lands. The surviving German and English crew members begin to at shoot each other, but later find themselves huddled up in the same cabin. In order to survive the harsh winter in the Norwegian wilderness, they have to stand together. An unlikely, lifelong friendship blossoms. "The Pied Piper from the Faraway Land: Brian Wilson's Fairy Tale Music" is an in-depth look at the enigmatic Wilson's reclusive years (1968-75), with special attention on the more dark, personal and self-reflective songs written during this time. A young boy travels across Australia with his father, who's wanted by the law. This fascinating historical drama looks at the life of "the Czech Schindler," Zdenek Toman, a controversial figure who was an unsavory politician and dubious entrepreneur, but also the savior of hundreds of Eastern European Jews. On the rocky path to sobriety after a life-changing accident, John Callahan discovers the healing power of art, willing his injured hands into drawing hilarious, often controversial cartoons, which bring him a new lease on life. NASSER'S REPUBLIC: THE MAKING OF MODERN EGYPT is the first film for an American audience about Gamal Abdel Nasser, one of the Arab world's most transformative leaders. Memory mechanisms are mysterious: we only see the stories we choose in order to construct our own reality. Every mark is a message in time, the invocation of an absence. To travel in the memory is to walk in time, zigzagging, a long road permeated by a dark, indecipherable logic... if we could choose seven moments to sum up our entire life, which ones would they be? The Dance of the Memory is a documentary-essay that guides us in that autobiographical search, where image and memory intertwine. It mixes archive material with an aesthetic and subjective tone. 1980s. Brazilian television exploding in color and auditorium programs not so politically correct. In the middle of this fervor, Augusto Mendes, a young rising actor, seeks his place in the sun. From porn studios to soap operas, he finally finds success and fame when he becomes "Bingo", a TV host clown from one of the audience leader TV shows for children. It turns out that behind the rice powder and red nose, nobody knows who he is. A cover-up that spanned four U.S. Presidents pushed the country's first female newspaper publisher and a hard-driving editor to join an unprecedented battle between journalist and government. Inspired by true events. A young kid from Kansas moves to New York to work on a magazine. He gets caught up in the world of drink and drugs, and starts a steady decline. The only hope is the cousin of one of his drinking partners, can she pull him through it ? Before Elvis and The Beatles - there was Mario Lanza. Trained for a career in opera, Lanza became the first true crossover artist when MGM made him a matinee idol during the 1950's with box office hits such as 'The Toast of New Orleans' and 'The Great Caruso'. With his unique blend of both classical and popular music, Lanza's recordings of 'The Loveliest Night of the Year', 'Beloved' and his signature ballad, 'Be My Love' sold in their millions. But within 10 years, the star that glowed so brightly burned itself out - and Lanza's sudden death in 1959 at the age of 38 was the first tragic death of the modern pop and rock era. Heather Booth is the most influential person you have heard of. The newest film by critically acclaimed filmmaker Lilly Rivlin, HEATHER BOOTH: CHANGING THE WORLD is an urgent response to the recent election of Trump and all that has ensued. At a time when many are wondering how to make their voices heard, when civil and women's rights are under attack, this empowering documentary is an inspiring look at how social change happens.  Heather Booth, a renowned organizer and activist, began her remarkable career at the height of the Civil Rights movement. Through her life and work this inspiring film explores many of the most pivotal moments in progressive movements that altered our history over the last fifty years: from her involvement with Fannie Lou Hamer and the Mississippi Freedom Summer Project, to her founding of the JANE Underground in 1964, to her collaborations with respected leaders such as Julian Bond and Senator Elizabeth Warren. A true story of survival, as a young couple's chance encounter leads them first to love, and then on the adventure of a lifetime as they face one of the most catastrophic hurricanes in recorded history. Stylized drama sequences, in combination with Monthy Python inspired cut out animations, illustrate key aspects of Schumpeter's life and theory.Successful entrepreneurs such as Simon Woodroffe (Yo!Sushi), Eric Wahlforss (Soundcloud), Stefan Smalle (Westwing) and Renaud Visage (Eventbrite) share the secrets of their success and offer insights into what it takes to be the innovative entrepreneur who Schumpeter identified as the key actor in the capitalist drama. In 1950, amidst the ravages of the Korean War, Sergeant Suleyman stumbles upon a a half-frozen little girl, with no parents and no help in sight. Frantic, scared and on the verge of death, this little girl captures the heart of Suleyman, who risks his own life to save her, smuggling her into his Army base and out of harms way. Not knowing her name and unable to communicate with her, Suleyman names her Ayla, in reminiscence of the moon on the fateful night during which they met. The two form an instantaneous and inseparable bond, and Ayla, almost effortlessly, brings an uncanny joy to the Turkish brigade in the grip of war. As the war comes to a close however, Suleyman's brigade is told that they will be returning home. Suleyman cannot bear abandoning Ayla, and does everything within his power to take her with him. After repeated failure, he is forced to give Ayla to an orphanage, but doesn't give up on the hope of one day reuniting with her. Will the two ever get back together? 'Parallel Planes' is a documentary film portraying 12 American avant-garde & punk-rock musicians. It is a journey between genres, an essay on free thinking and an intimate look at how 12 critical players relate to the potential of music. The Way to Mandalay tells the story of one of Denmark's greatest and most beloved musicians.  The film takes us on a journey from Mogenson's childhood to manhood and throughout his career which spanned more than twenty years, first with great success in a popular vocal group and later as a successful solo artist. There is a long period that John Mogensen can never be satisfied and he is confused by what are the things he truely loves and is willing to do everything for. Is it the music, the stage, the fame or his family? The film narrates a tormented love story between one of the most famous poets of Serbian literature, Laza Kostic, renowned for his sublime poetic puns and word coining and an enchanting young girl by the name of Lenka Dundjerski, an educated and refined daughter of a landowner Lazar Dundjerski. Standing in the way of their love is the insurmountable age gap between the two, as Kostic is 29 years older than his beloved one. The affair inspired one of the most sophisticated and tender love poems of the time, an utmost expression of yearning, in which the poet's unflinching devotion is linked to his admiration for a Venice basilisk by the name of Santa Maria della Salute. AWA: Zimbabwe's Rap Queen tells the story of up-and-coming starlet AWA preparing to perform at her country's biggest hip hop festival Shoko, in the capital Harare. Documenting a group of Green Jello superfans-turned-band members and their journey touring with the infamous band and it's fearless leader and founder BILL MANSPEAKER. Funded by a successful Kickstarter campaign, the film includes live performances, back stage antics, interviews with current and previous band members, a lesson on the band's history, and much more. In 1891, the French painter Paul Gauguin leaves Paris and travels to Tahiti to renew his art as a free man, far from the European artistic conventionalism. On his journey of discovery, he faces solitude and disease, but he also knows the beauty of wild nature and the love of Tehura, a young native girl who becomes his wife and model. Chico has dedicated his whole life to CINE SAO PAULO. The building, inherited from his father, is now badly deteriorated. Refurbish it, in order to make the old movie theater get back to work, becomes his great obsession. This film follows a group of kids, all in various stages of puberty. The primary focus is on a girl of about twelve years old. Watch as she grows interested in sex, develops romantic feelings for a priest who teaches at her school, has a friend's father hit on her, sexually engages with a peer. In 1642, amidst the flames of English civil war, Isaac Newton was born. He was the one who would unite Heavens and Earth. A natural philosopher, mathematician, theologian and alchemist, with inexhaustible patience and persistence, Newton was seeking throughout his entire life how God's Design was imprinted in nature. Forged in a hard childhood, defiant and unbowed, confrontational and loner, an endless source of inspiration and creativity, Newton sealed with his work the entire 18th century. The political and social conflicts of the time, Royal Society's establishment, constant changes in political power and the complexities of Newton's personality offer a complete picture of the conditions that led to the emersion of his work. A widowed theatre director moves to a small Connecticut town where he gets involved in solving the murder of a millionaire, who was the most despised man in town. A butch lesbian tells the story of her queer body with the help of her mother and the Aztec goddess Coyolxauhqui. The impressive and fascinating story of Giuliano Calore, 77 year-old italian cyclist who descended the Stelvio at night with no bars or brakes. In a small Arctic town struggling with the highest suicide rate in North America, a group of Inuit students' lives are transformed when they are introduced to the sport of lacrosse. FBI informant Jim Hoffman lures troubled automobile magnate John DeLorean to an undercover sting for cocaine trafficking. The story of American track sprinter Wilma Rudolph, who overcame physical handicaps to win three gold medals in the 1960 Olympics. Gnothi Seauton (know thyself) is a feature documentary about a Croatian brother and sister skiers who, in spite of coming from poverty in a country with no snow, set out to become Olympic skiing champions. Together have won 10 Olympic medals. Their struggle to win and overcome injuries makes this story full of sacrifice, courage and fantastic success. Accidents Waiting To Happen: The 12 Rods Story is a documentary made by James Francis Flynn about the seminal Minneapolis band 12 Rods. 12 Rods began auspiciously in Oxford, Ohio in 1992 and ended in Minneapolis in 2004. Their EP Gay? ('96) received a perfect rating from Pitchfork. From there, the band signed with V2 records, and made the albums Split Personalities ('98) and Separation Anxieties ('00), which was produced by Todd Rundgren. Accidents Waiting To Happen charts the band's history, with candid interviews of band members, critics, fans, and others involved with the band, alongside never-before-seen archival material. Inspired by Martin Scorsese's The Last Waltz, the film weaves 12 Rods' history with footage from their January 2015 reunion show. Fans of Minneapolis' 90s rock scene can't miss this exciting documentary. Three reckless brothers dodge the draft then sign up and become men. In the center of the recent Tribeca Film Festival scandal surrounding his film VAXXED: From Cover-up to Controversy stands Andrew Wakefield, discredited and stripped of his medical license for his infamous study suggesting a link between the MMR vaccine, bowel disease, and autism. THE PATHOLOGICAL OPTIMIST takes us into the inner sanctum of Wakefield and his family from 2011- 2016 as he fights for his day in court in a little known defamation case against the British Medical Journal. Wakefield attempts to clear his name as the media-appointed Father of the Anti-vaccine movement. Director Miranda Bailey weaves a delicate portrait of a man who is THE PATHOLOGICAL OPTIMIST utilizing a never-before-seen, full access look at the man at the center of one of the biggest medical and media controversies of our times. A unique insight into the life and work of celebrated painter Paula Rego directed by her son, the film maker Nick Willing. A sumptuous and passionate reimagining of Claude Cahun's life. Q.T. Marshall has been independently wrestling for nearly a decade. Turning 30, and sustaining multiple injuries in the ring, his career could quite possibly, be coming to an end. Q.T. has one last shot in making it into the WWE - if he fails, he will be forced to hang up his wrestling boots forever. It is the summer of 1980 in East Germany and, alone, Barbara is confined to living and working as a doctor in a small provincial town - her punishment for attempting to emigrate to the West. She has only one focus; to escape and for this, she has to wait patiently. Until Andre, her supervisor in the hospital, takes her off course. Are his motives of love or duty to the authorities? The day-to-day pretense, and content supervision slowly take their toll as the tension builds. After the American Civil War, mercenaries travel to Mexico to fight in their revolution for money. The former soldier and gentleman Benjamin Trane meets the gunman and killer Joe Erin and his men, and together they are hired by the Emperor Maximillian and the Marquis Henri de Labordere to escort the Countess Marie Duvarre to the harbor of Vera Cruz. When a band at radio station KIKO starts playing hot music, the instruments start spitting out flames, and the whole building is soon ablaze. The band can't stop playing as Kiko the fireman tries to put it out. In this humorous and nostalgic biopic, the magnetic and mischievous transgender elder Michel Gagnon vividly relates the roller-coaster story his colorful love life, accented with masterful puppetry. He lays bare a life full of courage, sex positivity, and fierce self-assurance in the face of stuffy sensibilities and transphobia. Director Marie-Pierre Grenier weaves the presence of the documentarian into the fullness of Michel's life. The result is a film that asks the viewer to bear witness and honor the complexities of our trans elders, and to walk away empowered to live a similar life of richness, intrigue, and intimacy.  When Astrid Lindgren was very young something happened that affected her profoundly, and this combination of both miracle and calamity came to shape her entire life. It was an event that transformed her into one of the most inspiring women of our age and the storyteller a whole world would come to love. This is the story of when a young Astrid, despite the expectations of her time and religious upbringing, decided to break free from society's norms and follow her heart. When Don Joyce and Negativland discovered their mutual love for "found" sounds, an intensely collaborative creative partnership was cemented. It continued non-stop for the ensuing decades, with Don endlessly scanning the airwaves of radio and television, along with his massive LP collection, for new material, day by day, week by week.  "It was Don who took the idea of reshaping previously recorded words - in a pre-sampling age - and ran with it to an extent and depth never before heard, and never equaled. 'Recontextualization' became his weapon, with the 1/4" tape machine and razor blade his ammunition, and the radio 'cart player' - an entirely forgotten piece of broadcast history using endless-loop tape cartridges, which he used until he death - his delivery system." -Negativland  He, She, I Was captures strangers on the street as I tell their, and my own, supposed life stories. By switching between presumed fact and fiction, the film calls its own validity into question. Can movies ever be trusted to tell the truth?  This movie tells the story of the latter years of Earl Long, a flamboyant governor of Louisiana. The aging Earl, an unapologetic habitue of strip joints, falls in love with young stripper Blaze Starr. When Earl and Blaze move in together, Earl's opponents use this to attack his controversial political program, which included civil rights for blacks in the 1950's. MY WONDERFUL WEST BERLIN recounts the lives and struggles of gay men in West-Berlin. Through present-day scenes and never before seen archival footage, a fascinating picture emerges of a city, that today characterizes itself as a dream destination and place of refuge for gays.  Documentary about  slovak hip-hop musician. Growing up in Texas, Bart Millard suffers physical and emotional abuse at the hands of his father. His childhood and relationship with his dad inspires him to write the hit song "I Can Only Imagine" as singer of the Christian band MercyMe. Parshuram is a man who doesn't believe in the concept of love marriage. However, his daughters scorn off his ideology by eloping with the men they love. Will this compel him to change his principles? The life and works of Ecuadorian writer Marcelo Chiriboga, a key figure of the Latin American literature and member of the "boom" generation. Through interviews, visits to different cities, archival footage and his most important book, a puzzle is woven that blurs the boundaries between reality and fiction.   Based on the extraordinary true story of the European city's 1973 bank heist and hostage crisis that was documented in the 1974 New Yorker article "The Bank Drama" by Daniel Lang. The events grasped the world's attention when the hostages bonded with their captors and turned against the authorities, giving rise to the psychological phenomenon known as "Stockholm Syndrome." The story of a young mother who loses her husband in Afghanistan and struggles to raise their young daughter in his absence. The murder of a crewman while ashore in Hong Kong leads his friend and shipmate to partner with a local to find the killer. The murkier back alleys are explored and periodic fights break out as someone wants their investigation to end. An autobiographical documentary by two women travelling from Egypt to Germany, this film explores the experience of the female traveller as they focus on their own perspective of crossing places and spaces. A psychological drama about the consequences of a 15 year old girl's gang rape. St. Petersburg 1917. The frontline of the global war is coming closer everyday; people are hungry, wor-ried, angry. In February the tsar is overthrown. Many artists are euphoric: Revolution! Freedom, finally? No. Starting in October, the Bolsheviks rule by themselves. What were poets, thinkers, and avant-gardists like Maxim Gorky and Kazimir Malevich doing during this drastic change of power? In the film, five of them alight from the director's piles of books as animated cut-out figures. With their own recorded words in their mouths, they participate in salons, committees, and street riots. Gilbert has to care for his brother Arnie and his obese mother, which gets in the way when love walks into his life. The extraordinary life of Orson Welles (1915-1985), an enigma of Hollywood, an irreducible independent creator: a musical prodigy, an excellent painter, a master of theater and radio, a modern Shakespeare, a magician who was always searching for a new trick to surprise his audience, a romantic and legendary figure who lived only for cinema. A documentary about a band that had a hit in the mid 90's and then seemingly disappeared... only to rise again as an independent band in a new era of music. An unflinching and deeply personal journey into the life and work of guitarist Eric Clapton told through his own words and songs. Harry Schein was an anomaly in Swedish cultural society. Equal parts playboy, intellectual, and political visionary, his life story could very well be the foundation of a Hollywood film. Citizen Schein is a film about a refugee who refused to look back, a film about powerful men, and the myths that fuel them. Professional yo-yoer Jonathan Best (AKA Doctor B) returns to one of the largest yo-yo championships in America, meeting and competing against a younger generation. Alexander McQueen's rags-to-riches story is a modern-day fairy tale, laced with the gothic. Mirroring the savage beauty, boldness and vivacity of his design, this documentary is an intimate revelation of McQueen's own world, both tortured and inspired, which celebrates a radical and mesmerizing genius of profound influence. This courtroom drama tries to decode the life and criminal activities of India's most wanted fugitive - Dawood Ibrahim's late sister Haseena Parkar, who allegedly headed her brother's crime syndicate in Mumbai and ran proxy business for him. Spain, under Philip IV (1621-1665). The film is based on a novel by Gonzalo Torrente Ballester. The King (Gabino Diego) is stunned to see the naked body of Marfisa (Laura del Sol), the most beautiful prostitute of the town and Court. After that, he also wants to see the Queen (Anne Roussel) naked. However, the King, despite the opposition and the scandal of the Church, will not stop until he reaches his wishes. Documentary following British punk duo Sleaford Mods on their two year journey from Nottingham bedroom recording sessions to chart success The untold and ultimately inspiring story of legendary singer, Teddy Pendergrass, the man poised to be the biggest R&B artist of all time until the tragic accident that changed his life forever at the age of only 31. A middle-aged man returns to a fictional country in the Balkans to make a documentary about his father, a well-known artist. The son's own artistic endeavours have never received attention to the level he feels they deserve. Consequently he has struggled to find a meaningful place in society and his personal life is chaos. Northern Ireland's legendary star remains one of the most naturally gifted footballers there has ever been. Trying something new, like riding a bicycle, is not always successful the first time. Two formidable Native American women, both chief judges in their tribe's courts, strive to reduce incarceration rates and heal their people by restoring rather than punishing offenders, modeling restorative justice in action. Standing on the edge of a rooftop, Gregory ponders the precariousness of life. He is 20 and feels like a stranger to himself. He wonders how he can live without dreams or desires. One day, he sees Liv, another college sophomore, and falls secretly and utterly in love with her. When he finally dares to declare his love, he finds himself up against a wall. Liv does not know him. Twenty-year-old Liv loses her virginity to Ilia, an older Russian army deserter. She experiences her first love and treasures every minute. But all too soon, Ilia's past creeps back into his life and unravels their union. One day, he leaves her without a word. She will have to live with the same intolerable loneliness that she unwittingly inflicted on Gregory. Directed by Randa Chahal Sabag. Poling hay, funerals, and recording village events. A portrait of a peasant, who stopped time.  After losing his close friend Bradley Nowell of Sublime to a heroin overdose, Todd Zalkins aka 'ZMAN' fights for his life in what will become the worst drug crisis in American History, the Opioid Epidemic. Against all odds, Todd is able to break a seventeen year addiction to prescription pain killers and dedicates his life to helping others who struggle with addiction. Jeremy Clarkson tells the story of what's been called 'the original Mission Impossible' - the audacious Commando raid on the German occupied dry dock at St. Nazaire in France on March 28th 1942. Operation Chariot, as the raid was codenamed, had a simple aim - to destroy the dry dock and thus deny the German battleship Tirpitz a safe haven on the Atlantic coast of France. There were many who thought the mission too risky, but the Chief of Combined Operations, Louis Mountbatten, pushed forward. This programme explores the story around March 26th 1942, when Commandos in Cornwall boarded their floating bomb and set off to see if the element of surprise really could overcome all the odds. Following the phenomenal success of "The Threepenny Opera", the film industry wants to win over the celebrated author. But Bertolt Brecht is not prepared to play by their rules. His concept of the "Threepenny Film" is radical, uncompromising, political, and incisive. A parallel revolution was born out of the feminist movement of the 1970's, coming to an end around 1995. Filmmaker Myriam Fougere takes us on a journey to meet the lesbian writers, philosophers and activists who were key players in creating a revolutionary sisterhood. From Montreal to Texas, by way of New York, Myriam encounters lesbians who chose to live only among women. This marginal yet international movement is brought to life through archival footage and photographs, and evocative interviews with these courageous women, many of whom are now in their seventies and eighties. A talk show hosts realizes there's no reason to exist, but he won't bother with suicide. Interwoven stories of what it is to be a mom seen through the lens of photographer Rigby Gray. My brothers tell about the love of inseparable brothers and the greatest star of Finnish music. What it takes to break the curse and take life in their own hands. In his short stories, Israeli writer Etgar Keret mixes fantasy and reality. His own life story also comes across as a modern fairy tale. In this hybrid documentary, the filmmakers investigate why storytelling is essential for Keret's survival. A has-been cowboy is given a second chance at the hands of an unexpected teacher. A daughter's search for her lost family stretches from Australia to Trinidad and WWII Germany. Rich with archival images, Su Goldfish's autobiographical documentary echoes through all those touched by forced migration.  Living Proof is a 2008 Lifetime Television movie, directed by Dan Ireland, starring Harry Connick, Jr. The film is based on the true life story of Dr. Dennis Slamon and the book HER-2: The Making of Herceptin, a Revolutionary Treatment for Breast Cancer by Robert Bazell. Vivienne Radkoff wrote the film script, and is also one of the film's executive producers. Renee Zellweger is another executive producer, together with Neil Meron and Craig Zadan. Tammy Blanchard, Amanda Bynes, Jennifer Coolidge, Angie Harmon, John Benjamin Hickey, Regina King, Swoosie Kurtz, Paula Cale Lisbe, Amy Madigan, Bernadette Peters, and Trudie Styler are featured in the supporting cast. The film premiered on October 18, 2008, for Lifetime's "Stop Breast Cancer for Life" public service and advocacy campaign, during the National Breast Cancer Awareness Month Edith Walks is a 60 minute 66 second feature film inspired by a walk from Waltham Abbey in Essex via Battle Abbey to St Leonards-on-Sea in East Sussex. The film documents a pilgrimage in memory of Edith Swan Neck. The 108 mile journey, as the crow flies, allows the audience to reflect upon all things Edith. A conversation in Northampton between Alan Moore, Iain Sinclair and Edith Swan Neck is also a key element to the unfolding 'story'. With images shot using digital super 8 iPhone's and sound recorded using a specially constructed music box with a boom microphone the film unfolds chronologically but in a completely unpredictable way. The numerous encounters and impromptu performances en route are proof, as if needed, that the angels of happenstance were to looking down upon the troop, with EDITH as their hallucination In 1972 a family are on their way for a holiday in Essex. The parents argue and the son swears, making obscene gestures. So the father throws him out, drives on and crashes the car. The grandmother flags down a car with three men in it. Too late she recognises one as the man who shot a neighbour... A film director follows the autumnal trail of leaves that once graced the branches. A girl builds autumns as she wanders in a labyrinth of leaves. A man persists on watering the place the tree left behind. A woman who lived that autumn. All of them in a space called Jorge Listopad. The Executive Empress explores the entrepreneurial lives of several Florida women, who have turned their unique passions into successful businesses. Contains all three nights concerts in stunning High Definition with high quality Stereo &amp; DTS Master HD Surround sound. This Bluray release also includes all of the Marbles night screen projection films which can be watched in Stereo or 5.1 Surround sound. Penny works at a supermarket and Phil is a gentle taxi-driver. Penny's love for Phil has run dry and they lead joyless lives with their two children, Rachel, a cleaner, and Rory, who is unemployed and aggressive. A portrait of the life of St. Veronica Giuliani. Fictionalized biography of finnish media person and businessman, Jari Sarasvuo. When a small-town girl is diagnosed with a rare, deadly disease, an ambitious newspaper man turns her into a national heroine. "I don't want to be known as just a one-armed climber," says Maureen Beck. "I just want to be a good climber." Beck may have been born missing her lower left arm, but she is not here to be your inspiration. Based on one of the most beloved Young Adult novels of all time: Two kids are stripped naked and left together on an island in a lake - victims of a vicious summer camp prank; But rather than have to return to camp and face the humiliation, they decide to take off, on the run together. What follows is a three day odyssey of discovery and self-discovery. Forced into exile by the English after being crowned King of Scotland, legendary warrior Robert the Bruce fights to reclaim the throne. The extraordinary story of Luiz Martins de Souza Dantas, who served as Brazilian Ambassador to Paris during WWII. A largely unsung hero, he defied his own government's orders by granting hundreds of unauthorised visas to Jews and others facing imminent capture and death.  Aami Ashbo Phirey is a musical that is about four different stories that are all connected by a violent incident. A young, unknown and unheard singer and songwriter accidentally enters the stories through virtual media and changes their lives for the better. The film re-asserts that art can surpass all differences, violence, intolerance and give them a chance to redeem oneself. Poet Emily Dickinson, pigeonholed as the strange recluse since her death, takes you on a journey through the seasons of her life amid 1800s New England. For 30 y/o security guard, Clint Eastwood-Fogerty, a lifetime of living in the shadow of his namesake has left him bitter and frustrated. Enough is enough when Clint's arch-nemesis, a finicky vending machine, gets the best of him yet again. Is this the last straw? Or will Clint finally be able to live up to his namesake? You could be forgiven for mistaking Charlie Siem for James Bond. Whether he's driving an orange Porsche to his cliff-top Monaco mansion, ordering martinis or looking suave in a designer suit, he is a man on a mission. It isn't to hunt down SPECTRE, but to find perfection in everything he does. Whether it's performing on stage, recording albums, or selecting a suit, Charlie demands the best, of himself and others. Despite an entourage dubbed 'Charlie's Angels', he's lonesome, and complains that people can't relate to him. Danish filmmaker Eva Mulvad, with patience and panache, delves into this life of privilege to find commonalities of ambition and desire. "Citizen Ruth" is the story of Ruth Stoops, a woman who nobody even noticed -- until she got pregnant. Now, everyone wants a piece of her. The film is a comedy about one woman caught in the ultimate tug-of-war: a clash of wild, noisy, ridiculous people that rapidly dissolves into a media circus.  When Dustin's girlfriend, Alexis, breaks up with him, he employs his best buddy, Tank, to take her out on the worst rebound date imaginable in the hopes that it will send her running back into his arms. But when Tank begins to really fall for Alexis, he finds himself in an impossible position. Spanish photographer Francesc Boix, imprisoned in the Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camp, works in the SS Photographic Service. Between 1943 and 1945, he hides, with the help of other prisoners, thousands of negatives, with the purpose of showing the freed world the atrocities committed by the Nazis, exhaustively documented. He will be a key witness during the Nuremberg Trials. The film tells the story of sixteen-year-old Nena, who is confronted with the suicide attempt of her handicapped father. At the same time she falls head over heels in love for the first time in her life with Carlo, whose father has just outed himself. Away from prying eyes of the adults - who struggle with failed marriages, blossoming love and insufferable physical decline - they push the boundaries of their friendship, love and sexuality. But while discovering her own lust for life, Nena realizes that her father's existence is becoming more and more unbearable. 'Tangerine Dream is science fiction!' declares band leader Edgar Froese who died in January, 2015 aged 70. For almost fifty years he and his band 'Tangerine Dream' explored sound and its effect on our emotions. This film about one of Germany's first electronic bands kicks off with the young Berlin musicians who were as inspired by the space age of the 1960s, with its rocket launchings and visions of the future, as they were by their own heartbeat, on which Froese also based compositions. Aided by the Moog and other synthesisers Froese (and various band members) revolutionised popular music. His explorations took him into the worlds of classical, new and film music. He preferred to visualise moods rather than create clearly structured songs.  A blend of amateur footage, interviews with band members, relatives, friends and colleagues such as Jean-Michel Jarre that creates a comprehensive portrait of an artistic pioneer. Drawing from the recent book, Reagan: The Life by best-selling biographer H.W. Brands, this Ronald Reagan biography dives deep into the pivotal events that shaped his life.  Dramatic recreations reveal the untold, behind-the-scenes moments that shaped the trajectory of his career. Interviews and rare archival material illustrate his life through the Great Depression, WWII, Hollywood's Golden Age, The Cold War, an assassination attempt (not unlike Bill O'Reilly's book and recent Nat Geo movie, Killing Reagan), and public and personal heartache. From his days of testifying at the Watergate hearings to advising recent presidential candidate Donald Trump, Roger Stone has long offended people on both sides of the political fence as a force in conservative America. Outspoken author, pundit, ahead of his time election strategist, this is his story. This documentary follows three women -- a fire chief, a judge and a street missionary -- as they battle West Virginia's devastating opioid epidemic. Based on true events. In 1980s Poland, Jerzy Gorski is a young man who finds the determination to struggle against his drug addiction through athletic training, with the aim of competing in the US Ironman Triathlon. The life and career of an actor, artist, and icon. His own journey through his own camera. Mike Plant burned his way through life by an unconventional set of rules, leading him to dark corners of the world before finding his passion and the pinnacle of an extreme sport that celebrates individuals who race around the world on a sailboat... a true American adventure story. The story follows Carol Danvers as she becomes one of the universe's most powerful heroes when Earth is caught in the middle of a galactic war between two alien races. Set in the 1990s, Captain Marvel is an all-new adventure from a previously unseen period in the history of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Raphael: The Lord of the Arts is a documentary about the 15th century Italian Renaissance painter Raphael Sanzio. The life and times of Orlando Silva, the famed singer from the golden age of Brazilian radio. "Loro", in two parts, is a period movie that chronicles, as a fiction story, events likely happened in Italy (or even made up) between 2006 and 2010.  "Loro" wants to suggest in portraits and glimps, through a composite constellation of characters, a moment in history, now definitively ended, which can be described in a very summary picture of the events as amoral, decadent but extraordinarily alive.  Additionally, "Loro" wishes to tell the story of some Italians, fresh and ancient people at the same time: souls from a modern imaginary Purgatory who, moved by heterogeneous intents like ambition, admiration, affection, curiosity, personal interests, establish to try and orbit around the walking Paradise that is the man named Silvio Berlusconi. The life and career of the hailed Hollywood movie star and underappreciated genius inventor, Hedy Lamarr.  The Voice of the Martyrs presents the inspiring new movie Tortured for Christ, a cinematic retelling of the testimony of VOM founder Pastor Richard Wurmbrand as written in his international bestseller Tortured for Christ. This movie was produced to honor the 50th anniversary of the book's 1967 release.  Filmed entirely in Romania, including in the very prison where Pastor Wurmbrand endured torture and solitary confinement, this powerful film uniquely presents the story with live action rather than interviews. The dialogue is presented in English, Romanian and Russian (with English subtitles) to hold to the authenticity of this true story.  In a suburban community, moms and dads, one after the other, mysteriously feel the irresistible impulse to attack and kill their own offspring. As America prepares to enter WW2, Hungarian film director Michael Curtiz grapples with political intervention and a dysfunctional relationship with his estranged daughter amid the troubled production of Casablanca in 1942. "Horn From The Heart: The Paul Butterfield Story" is a feature-length documentary about the life and career of legendary blues musician Paul Butterfield. A portrait of a hard rocking band known for their substance-fueled live performances on their evolutionary journey to become one of the greatest cult rock bands of our time. Tragic story of child prodigy pianist-composer Geoffrey Tozer, inspired by former Prime Minister Paul Keating's searing eulogy for the artist. At the heart of this bold and compelling hybrid film are questions about the significance of lineage and what is bequeathed. The film begins with Selim Mourad staging a portrait of his own nuclear family, in which he claims a place on his own terms while facing up to the fact that he will not father a family because he is same-sex loving. After his sister's passing, Mourad became his parents' only child, but he is burdened with the knowledge that he is the last male to carry the family name. Meanwhile, the old building where his family lives and was bequeathed by his grandfather, is falling apart, but neither his father, nor aunt, can afford the cost of repairs. Uruguay, 1973. Having been crushed by the military dictatorship, surviving members of the Tupamaro guerillas are imprisoned and tortured. They must find a way to endure the coming 12 years. In 1972, officer Frank Serpico exposes the corruption which poisons the roots of the NYPD and becomes famous in 1973 when director Sidney Lumet tells his story in the classic film "Serpico," starring Al Pacino. In August 2015, an ISIS terrorist boarded train #9364 from Brussels to Paris. Armed with an AK-47 and enough ammo to kill more than 500 people, the terrorist might have succeeded except for three American friends who refused to give in to fear. One was a college student, one was a martial arts enthusiast and airman first class in the U.S. Air Force, and the other was a member of the Oregon National Guard, and all three pals proved fearless as they charged and ultimately overpowered the gunman after he emerged from a bathroom armed and ready to kill. For the first time fashion designer Dries Van Noten allows a filmmaker to accompany him in his creative process and rich home life. For an entire year Reiner Holzemer documents the precise steps that Dries takes to conceive of four collections, the rich fabrics, embroidery and prints exclusive to his designs. As well as the emblematic fashion shows that bring his collections to the world and have become cult "must sees" at Paris Fashion Week. This film offers an insight into the life, mind and creative heart of a master fashion designer who, for more than 25 years, has remained independent in a landscape of fashion consolidation and globalization. The story of real life Costa Rican goalkeeper Keylor Navas, from his humble beginnings in his home town to his rise to greatness as an elite soccer player. Porn store owner Pete orders some new stuff from his supplier Niko but Niko mixes up the address with the address of the local Barclays Bank. Here, newly-weds David (the bank's assistant manager) and Penny Hunter is shocked when first photos, then films and then finally two girls are sent to them in the Bank's flat. They, and their friend, head cashier Brian Runnicles (who slowly starts to have a nervous breakdown), have to deal with getting rid of the porn without letting their boss, Mr. Bromley - the bank's manager (who's very anti-porn), the local police in the form of Inspector Paul, and David's mother, Bertha Hunter, in on what is happening... Haiji was an elite runner, but has not competed due to a past injury. He then meets fellow elite runner Kakeru who also left running, but caused by a dispute. Their meeting inspires both young men to run again, with Haiji choosing the fabled "Hakone Ekiden" (long distance relay race). The race requires a 10 member team so Haiji and Kakeru recruits 8 others (some of whom have never even run before). Within this unlikely group of runners a bond is formed through their training and a belief that they can accomplish the impossible. A group of disillusioned American expatriate writers live a dissolute, hedonistic lifestyle in 1920's France and Spain. Whenever the phrase "breaking the color line" is used, there's a temptation to invoke Jackie Robinson's story. However, Perry Wallace, the first black college athlete in the Southeast Conference, was a mere teenager who stood all alone at center court in such hotbeds of rabid racism as Starkville, Mississippi and Tuscaloosa, Alabama. Explores the life and work of English journalist Robert Cox, the former editor of "The Buenos Aires Herald" daily newspaper, whose investigative reporting in the late 1970s exposed the shocking human rights crimes of Argentina's military dictators.  Documentary about a famous Brazilian footballer who never touched a ball. Exploring  some  of  the  most  remote  and  spectacular  places  on  Earth,  five  pioneering  scientists make surprising discoveries that flip our understanding of nature on its head, and offer new hope for restoring our world. Junior Gunners 2007 The story of Leon Vitali, who surrendered his promising acting career to become Stanley Kubrick's devoted right-hand man. A unique examination of the life-long existential journey taken by a self-made musician, his unforgiving ambition and self-destructive determination to express himself. Fred Beckey is the legendary American "Dirtbag" mountaineer whose name is spoken in hushed tones around campfires. This rebel climber's pioneering ascents and lifestyle form an iconic legacy that continues to inspire generations. This is the story of a tiny country that made a decision to do something that no other country had ever done -- it decided to abolish its army and declare peace to the world. And this is the story of a young boy who grew up in that country, and how he ended up challenging -- and sometimes even convincing -- the greatest powers in the world to follow Costa Rica's example. "Oscar Arias: Without a Shot Fired" is a Don Quixote-like saga with great historical touchstones -- Ronald Reagan and Mikhail Gorbachev, Cold War politics and Communism, Central American War and Peace. It follows a slight, academic, and most unlikely hero over the course of more than fifty years, as he travels the world in a quest to stop the spread of the weapons of war. In the end, it is a story about the triumph of reason, of the sparrow triumphing over the eagle, and how the impossible dream can sometimes come true. Slim Aarons spent his life documenting jet-setters, movie stars and beautiful people doing beautiful things during the 50's, 60's and 70's. In "The High Life," the story behind some of his most fabulous photographs are revealed among white sand beaches, longing palms and relaxed, gorgeous faces. Documentary about the family of portuguese author and singer Jose Afonso. The story of the Israeli actor and holocaust survivor Shmuel Wolf and his wife, Miki Marmor, from the point of view of their daughter, who documented the last 4 years of her father's life. A personal and profound film dealing with old age, parenthood, love and art. Russia is being terrorized by an evil witch known as Baba Yaga; the only one who is not afraid of her is Bartok the Magnificent. Bartok, an albino bat, has just arrived in Moscow and is impressing everyone with his performances, including Prince Ivan Romanov. However, one person is not impressed; Ludmilla finds Bartok annoying and naive. After Bartok's show, a violent bear suddenly attacks. Bartok must save everyone by stunning the bear with dust and then knocks him over and traps him in a wagon. Jim and Loz Beck are brothers from Chipping Norton. They play rock'n'roll together since they're 8 years old. At 18, they leave the boring british countryside to live and work on their music in London. Jim starts working in a Cultural association while Loz discovers the pleasures of the student life. The film is driven by the raw punk music and the deeply political and emotional lyrics from their two piece band Cassels. In this intimate portrait, Jim and Loz will confront their strong artistic point of view and their DIY approach to the reality of the music industry and the social and economical London's life. A fictionalised portrait of Polish artists W. Bakowski and Z. Bartoszek. Since being diagnosed with Cystic Fibrosis as a child, de la Cour has been living with this illness - or even been the illness as he puts it himself. In this film we get a 4 year snapshot of the everyday existence of the man behind the lyrical concept of not only his own solo releases, but also Yvonne and Strip Music. While the medical treatments of CF have developed rapidly in the later decades one must keep in mind that when the very young de la Cour got his diagnosis the expected lifetime with this disease was approximately 15 years. Frossen presents an everyday life where this approximation continuously gets prolonged until finally, at the age of 40, Henric de la Cour is presented with some miracle cure that is to wipe the premature death sentence away altogether. After the tragic death of star volleyball player Caroline "Line" Found, a team of dispirited high school girls must band together under the guidance of their tough-love coach in hopes of winning the state championship! We've all seen hundreds of stories about the origins of both superheros and supervillains, but what about the origins of the supervillain's minions? At long last, the time has come to learn the secret story behind all those faceless, anonymous battle casualties! When a beautiful agent attempts to infiltrate the evil Dark Mist organization, she discovers just how hard (and frequently fatal) learning to be cannon fodder really is! No description The autobiographical texts and letters by film director Manuel Guimaraes, and exchanged by him with friends, are the axis for the intimate narrative of his life, social concerns, passion for movies - while revisiting many movies of the 20th century and his complete filmography. One segment documents the epic way directors attempted to bypass official censorship to show their movies out of the country. The documentarial work on world wide famous flamenco dancer Sara Barba's latest show "voices" About Gramsci's prison time A documentary which traces the life of the magnetic, world-conquering, Jamaican musician, model and party queen Grace Jones. A Korean anarchist PARK Yeol and a Japanese anarchist Fumiko conspire against not only the Japan but the System of the world at the risk of their life and love. Second part of the biopic of the religious leader Edir Macedo. Pope Francis responds to questions from around the world, discussing topics including ecology, immigration, consumerism and social justice. Joan Burrows returns to her hometown for her niece's graduation, only to be confronted by the serial killer she thought she offed years ago -- after he kidnapped and tormented her and her best friend. Learning a language is like falling in love. But when this great linguist's love for a princess was denied, he just fell in love with her 75 times more. The film is about the remarkable life of a poor priest's son - Georg Julius Justus Sauerwein and his life-long love for Princess Elisabeth of Wied, later Queen of Romania. This is a psychological drama about a brilliant but complex man. His humanitarian values were far ahead of his time. In his day, he was the most vilified person in the German press. Based on Sauerwein's letters and other written sources and narrated from the first person, the film merges the classic fairytale with documentary realism, both in script and visual design, pushing the boundaries of documentary. Chronicles Harry's musical journey while creating his much anticipated debut solo album. The film features exclusive interviews and behind the scenes footage shot in Jamaica, Los Angeles and London during the making of the album and is complemented by Harry and his band performing songs from it for the first time at the world famous Abbey Road Studios in London. After her parents' separation, eight-year-old Caro moves in with her mother and her stepfather, Felipe. Even though her mother makes it clear that she will never see her father again, Caro wants nothing more than for him to return. Feeling abandoned, she seeks refuge near the well in the backyard of their house, a secret place. As she grows up, distant from her mother, Caro discovers a secret about her father that will change her forever.  A lazy law school grad adopts a kid to impress his girlfriend, but everything doesn't go as planned and he becomes the unlikely foster father. "The Conductor" is the first feature length film created entirely by the artist Jeremy Mann.  It is a story told through a dreamscape metaphor of the eternal artistic struggle. Famed but tormented artist Vincent van Gogh spends his final years in Arles, France, painting masterworks of the natural world that surrounds him. The inspiring true story of an accomplished open water swimmer's attempt to become the first woman to swim 30 miles through a stretch of cold, rough and shark-inhabited waters off of the San Francisco coast. Kevin Roche: The Quiet Architect is a feature documentary film that considers many of the key architectural questions through the 70 year career of Pritzker Prize winning Irish-American architect Kevin Roche, including the relationship between architects and the public they serve. Still working at age 94, Kevin Roche is an enigma, a man with no interest in fame who refuses retirement and continually looks to the future regardless of age. Roche's architectural philosophy is that 'the responsibility of the modern architect is to create a community for a modern society' and has emphasised the importance for peoples well-being to bring nature into the buildings they inhabit. We consider the application of this philosophy in acclaimed buildings such as the Ford Foundation, Oakland Museum and at New York's Metropolitan Museum of Art for whom Kevin Roche was their principal architect for over 40 years. A documentary about the Swedish rapper and artist Silvana Imam. Tony Lip, a bouncer in 1962, is hired to drive pianist Don Shirley on a tour through the Deep South in the days when African Americans, forced to find alternate accommodations and services due to segregation laws below the Mason-Dixon Line, relied on a guide called The Negro Motorist Green Book. A documentary exploring the life and legacy of iconic makeup artist Kevyn Aucoin. A young teenager named Mikey Walsh finds an old treasure map in his father's attic. Hoping to save their homes from demolition, Mikey and his friends Data Wang, Chunk Cohen, and Mouth Devereaux run off on a big quest to find the secret stash of Pirate One-Eyed Willie. When a worldwide plot to divert gold which was placed in central banks all across North America is investigated, Pierre Gauthier is summoned to lead the inquiry. Gauthier however is soon betrayed, and finds himself going head to head with the "capo" of Montreal Mafia. This sports documentary tells the  story of the Williams Formula 1 team founded by the legendary Sir Frank Williams  Composed of intimate and unencumbered moments of people in a community, this film is constructed in a form that allows the viewer an emotive impression of the Historic South - trumpeting the beauty of life and consequences of the social construction of race, while simultaneously a testament to dreaming. 2081 depicts a dystopian future in which, thanks to the 212th Amendment to the Constitution and the unceasing vigilance of the United States Handicapper General, everyone is "finally equal...." The strong wear weights, the beautiful wear masks and the intelligent wear earpieces that fire off loud noises to keep them from taking unfair advantage. Iconic Welsh rock musician Mike Peters' rise to fame, battle with cancer and inspiring return, featuring one-of-a-kind performances from other legendary musicians. Spanning nearly 40 years from 1925 to 1964, two Texas farm boys; straight-arrow Gid and laid-back Johnny fight over the affections of the beautiful and headstrong Molly Taylor, who consistently refuses to marry either of them.  When Butch, Postmaster P, and Stray Bullet loot the local hip-hop mogul's studio to fund their demo album, the threesome unwittingly ends up with the secret of Mack Daddy's success: a magical flute. Their gigs instantly turn golden but a blood-thristy Leprechaun and an angry Mack Daddy are hot on their trail, leaving a wake of destruction tainted by politically incorrect limericks. A tribute to Jeanne Cordova, the Los Angeles based butch Chicana lesbian activist and founder of the West Coast LGBTQ movement. Jared, the son of a Baptist pastor in a small American town, is outed to his parents at age 19. Jared is faced with an ultimatum: attend a gay conversion therapy program - or be permanently exiled and shunned by his family, friends, and faith. Paola is born in a traditional Colombian family, or at least that is what they try to be. Her father is a priest, her mother is a "psychic" and her sisters are not what their parents expected. She is a young Latin American woman struggling for her independence in a hard context full of stereotypes and appearances not being able to fit in any mold. With a unique feminine vision of the world this girl learns to live while she lives as she witnesses a series of small crises that shape her personality. United by their renegade spirit and a determination to win against substantial odds, these riders take on the international circuit. The film offers unique insights into the first five years of their journey, bearing witness to the ethos of the team as embodied by all - from the strongest to most embattled members. Out of a culture that embraces a deeply human approach to sport, unlikely champions are born, and seemingly improbable team and personal goals are achieved. A look at the renowned writer Roberto Bolano, and the turmoil caused by his strange relationship with Chile, his homeland. We approach the writer through his friends, his irony and his genius, traveling across Mexico, Spain and Chile. A Hindu man and a Muslim woman fall in love with each other and have to contend with the tensions that exist between their communities.  Gary Hart, former Senator of Colorado, becomes the front-runner for the Democratic presidential nomination in 1987. Hart's intelligence, charisma and idealism makes him popular with young voters, leaving him with a seemingly clear path to the White House. All that comes crashing down when allegations of an extramarital affair surface in the media, forcing the candidate to address a scandal that threatens to derail his campaign and personal life. The clock and whistle above a factory door sound for lunch, and the workers run out. A bear tries to eat his sandwich, but it opens like a big mouth, when he opens... After the brutal slaying of her teenage son, Janet Connors reaches out to her son's killer to offer a chance for forgiveness. They team up with a group of mothers of murdered children to help young people in their community break the chain of violence and revenge. A unique and entertaining documentary film about the life of civil rights attorney, out lesbian and LGBTQ rights advocate, Rosemary Metrailer. Espen "Ash Lad", a poor farmer's son, embarks on a dangerous quest with his brothers to save the princess from a vile troll known as the Mountain King - in order to collect a reward and save his family's farm from ruin. Everyday objects and movements are employed as cinematographic mechanisms.  1850, and Europe's most feared terrorist is hiding in Dean Street, Soho. Broke, restless and horny, the thirty-two-year-old revolutionary is a frothing combination of intellectual brilliance, invective, satiric wit, and child-like emotional illiteracy.  Creditors, spies, rival revolutionary factions and prospective seducers of his beautiful wife all circle like vultures. His writing blocked, his marriage dying, his friend Engels in despair at his wasted genius, his only hope is a job on the railway.  But there's still no one in the capital who can show you a better night on the piss than Karl Heinrich Marx. Though Goofy always means well, his amiable cluelessness and klutzy pratfalls regularly embarrass his awkward adolescent son, Max. When Max's lighthearted prank on his high-school principal finally gets his longtime crush, Roxanne, to notice him, he asks her on a date. Max's trouble at school convinces Goofy that he and the boy need to bond over a cross-country fishing trip like the one he took with his dad when he was Max's age, which throws a kink in his son's plans to impress Roxanne. The story about Jimmy the Dingy, a young vagabond who works as a seasonal worker. Having been sacked from the job, his dreams are to become a singer. As most of the things in the Balkans happen, he is destined to failure. Gay Hollywood Dad chronicles the first six months of single gay dad Quentin Lee juggling between raising his newborn baby by himself and making his means as an acclaimed independent filmmaker in Hollywood. The journey of a 'sui generis' company between theatre and life. The making of a show between truth and fiction. Sixteen actors and a director engaged in the pursuit of their own identity, beyond the concept of male and female. Ten actresses, all of them eighties' icons, are summoned to star in a theater play in Buenos Aires. This documentary goes behind the scenes and portrays their lives today. Thirty years after their glory days, what is it that drives them to make their comeback? A documentary celebrating the enduring legacy of silent film comedian Buster Keaton, 100 years after his first appearance on film. After a botched surgery a rookie doctor takes a job in a meteorological station in the Arctic Circle. A passionate youngster who dreams of making it in the music industry is on the verge of losing his love. What will happen to his career and romance? A young teacher inspires her class of at-risk students to learn tolerance, apply themselves, and pursue education beyond high school. A French man and his Polish wife undertake a long trip to India to make a film about the need for spirituality in the 21st century, and to understand the spiritual attraction of India on Western travelers. But, throughout the journey, the contradictions in their expectations will reveal tensions between Mathieu and Anna. A 6 month road trip, mixing animation and documentary, during which Mathieu will question himself about the meaning of the couple and love. Four college seniors open a bogus sex clinic, which unexpectedly mushrooms into a multi-million dollar business. Featuring a young Dennis Quaid in one of his earliest roles and Alan Reed (the original voice of Fred Flintstone) in his final film appearance. A Portuguese soldier, who got stranded from his team during the La Lys battle, struggles by himself through dozens of German offensives so he can guarantee the safety of his companions. A deranged fan goes on a mission to kidnap the former cast of a 1970s kids superhero show in order to produce his own episode. The muse of Andy Warhol, Christa Paffgen, stage name Nico, singer with the band Velvet Underground and a woman of legendary beauty. She gained a new lease of life after the story everyone knows, when she launched her solo career. Commander Stevenson, suffering from unrequited love drives to the coast while very drunk and interrupts some smugglers and informs Scotland Yard. Buenos Aires, Argentina, 1971. Carlos Robledo Puch is a 19-year-old boy with an angelic face, but a vocational thief as well, who acts ruthlessly, without remorse. When he meets Ramon, they follow together a dark path of crime and death. The real life story of East German singer and writer Gerhard Gundermann and his struggles with music, life as a coal miner and his dealings with the secret police (STASI) of the GDR. A female Senator succeeds in enrolling a woman into Combined Reconnaissance Team training where everyone expects her to fail. A star-studded roster of interviewees (including Jerry Lewis, Whoopi Goldberg and Billy Crystal) pay tribute to the legendary, multi-talented song-and-dance man. Raj Tharun is a kleptomaniac. He can't stop himself from stealing small things. Even when he falls in love with the beautiful Amyra Dastur, he couldn't restrain himself from stealing. That creates a huge problem for his love life as Amyra's father hates criminals. For Serbian filmmaker Mila Turajlic, a locked door in her mother's apartment in Belgrade provides the gateway to both her remarkable family history and her country's tumultuous political inheritance. An army cadet accompanies an irascible, blind captain on a week-long trip from Turin to Naples. The deeds of a professional musician who abandons his trumpet and family to live the clandestine life of an armed revolutionary for Puerto Rican independence. The journey of a Punjabi Sikh boy who grew up during the chaotic, violent 1980s revolving around his chase for survival, equality and justice in order to protect and shield society and fight against brutality, crime and corruption. The stormy life of the Mexican bullfighter Rodolfo Rodriguez Gonzalez and his alter ego "THE PANA", of very humble origin, who worked as a baker, gravedigger, bundles loader, seller of gelatinas, before he became a bullfighter. A man to the conquest of his dreams and the glory that slips between his hands because of the bipolarity, the schizophrenia, the narcissism and his eternal addiction to the alcohol.  A documentary about Swiss photographer and artist Walter Pfeiffer. An undercover MI6 agent is sent to Berlin during the Cold War to investigate the murder of a fellow agent and recover a missing list of double agents. A feature length documentary about stripmine crooner, Rev. Fred Lane, and the Raudelunas arts collective of Alabama in the Seventies.  Thuten Kesang, New Zealand's first Tibetan refugee in 1967, recounts his fascinating and inspiring story and the environmental and political issues that have made him a tireless advocate of the Tibetan cause. It is a biographical feature film on India's Highest Wartime Gallantry Award - Param Vir Chakra winner Subedar Joginder Singh. He fought three wars (as per records) for India before achieving martyrdom in the Sino-Indian War of 1962 while commanding a platoon in North Eastern Frontier Agency (NEFA) (Now Arunachal Pradesh). The story portrays his character and motivation in the scene of battle. With a distinct filmography that faithfully depicts a cross-section of the Kerala society on celluloid during his active years, KG George is a master filmmaker and a true genius. This documentary is an attempt to analyse the relevance of his major films and understand his unique personality Follows Joseph Ferdinand Chavel a French postman who built a palace in the French countryside over 33 years. A ticking-clock thriller following Winston Churchill in the 24 hours before D-Day. A documentary directed by Kathrin Anderson. This film-documentary about Don Lorenzo and his Barbiana boys was born from the retrieval of the material shot by Angelo D'Alessandro in December 1965 in Barbiana, rediscovered by his son Alessandro after his father's death. It is the only document with Don Milani on stage. It is the same Don Lorenzo who narrates, speaks, explains. This documentary takes viewers step by step through the events of Holy Week--shedding light on the key players, unraveling the political intrigue, and answering longstanding questions about what happened, and why. The story of the UK's hidden homeless, told through the eyes of one family. Tells the story of probably the world's greatest pilot through an extensive and in-depth interview: Capt Eric "Winkle" Brown CBE, DSC, AFC. From his flight with WW1 German fighter ace Ernst Udet in 1936 through to commanding a squadron of Buccaneers at the height of the Cold War, we hear how "Winkle" Brown experienced the rise and fall of Nazism; how he flew the most dangerous, uncontrollable aircraft, how he cheated death countless times. A biographical drama that chronicles the life and the untimely death of actor Kalabhavan Mani, who rose from his humble beginnings to become one of the most versatile artists in Malayalam cinema. Grace Cragin is a bright young lawyer who has a passion for the fight against injustice. Her ex-husband Henry is a lawyer too, but his passion is only to win. The two were divorced ten years earlier when Henry's lust for conquest led him to other women. Now, Grace has a case she cannot win alone and, although she hates to admit it, she needs Henry's help. In the middle of Yosemite National Park towers El Capitan, a huge block of granite whose smoothest side, the Dawn Wall, is said to be the most difficult rock climb in the world. Tommy Caldwell didn't see inhospitable terrain, but rather a puzzle almost a kilometer tall. In The Dawn Wall, we follow him and Kevin Jorgeson in their historic ascent to the summit. For the last 23 years, Peter Roberts has had the most unusual job in Australia. He helps people to die. John Newton was a troubled young man with a violent temper and a penchant for vulgarity that literally made his fellow sailors blush.  Whipped for desertion and sold into slavery, it seemed his life would end early in a West African grave...until he was rescued by a ship captain sent by his father.  Following a powerful conversion experience during a storm at sea, Newton would eventually become a pastor in the Church of England and the writer of several of the church's most beloved hymns, including "Amazing Grace". The Alaska Effect: a shortform, run-and-gun style piece that is one part odd, two parts ice- a Good Enough documentary film. Cast as America's Villain in the famed Rumble in the Jungle against Muhammad Ali, George Foreman lost one of the greatest fights in sports history. Immediately after the defeat, "Big George" fell into a spiral that made him abandon boxing and spend 10 years becoming an ordained minister following a near death experience. 20 years later on and into his 40's, Foreman began an improbable climb back to the summit of world boxing becoming the heroic figure he'd always been destined to be, and writing one of the greatest underdog stories ever told. A cinematic journey on the trail of a mysterious filmmaker. Prince Michal Waszynski, Poland's top pre-war, director who later became an influential figure in the broader European film scene. He produced big Hollywood cinema hits with Sophia Loren and Claudia Cardinale, but his most spectacular creation was his own life. Prince Michal was an extraordinary human chameleon who, with the help of the magical invention of cinema, continually changed his identity. Four Harlem friends -- Bishop, Q, Steel and Raheem -- dabble in petty crime, but they decide to go big by knocking off a convenience store. Bishop, the magnetic leader of the group, has the gun. But Q has different aspirations. He wants to be a DJ and happens to have a gig the night of the robbery. Unfortunately for him, Bishop isn't willing to take no for answer in a game where everything's for keeps. The life and work of Giuseppe Bertolucci, as told by his father and brother, friends and colleagues. Story about 16 year-old Tess, who struggles with her depression. Next to a small Dalmatian town of Murvice oil was found, and politicians make a hasty decision to build a tanker port, although there is no oil in the quantities required for exploitation. Urged by his ambitious wife, the engineer Slobodan Despot becomes director of the port construction, which his wife's lover skillfully exploits to use Despot as scapegoat. The construction of unprofitable airport gradually destroys the patriarchal structure of Murvice, as well as Despot's personal life and ideals, which he tried to restore by having affair with the young and unspoiled girl. Ali, Mahmoud and Mohamed are three Egyptian men who lived in Italy without documents for almost ten years. Suddenly thanks to an amnesty they finally manage to legalise their status and their future is re-inhabited by possibilities. As part of their need to rediscover their dreams and hopes they decide to take the journey back to the first places of arrival, when they disembarked from the boats that had brought them as teenagers to Italy after crossing the Mediterranean. Paris, 1930. Luis Bunuel is penniless after the scandal surrounding the release of his first movie. Sculptor Ramon Acin, a good friend, buys a lottery ticket and promises Bunuel that he will pay for his next movie if he wins the prize. Zamperini returns to California where he wound up marrying Cynthia Applewhite while wrestling with untreated PTSD, suffering constant nightmares, angry, bitter and deeply depressed, his wife convinces Zamperini to attend the 1949 Billy Graham Crusade. For the young man who lives in Serbian province town, the maturing coincides with the turbulent political events of the year 1968. Long before satellites would journey to planets and deep-space telescopes would photograph distant galaxies, there was an artist whose dazzling visions of planets and stars would capture the imagination of all who beheld them. Before that, he was an architect working on projects like the Chrysler Building and the Golden Gate Bridge. He would later become a matte painter in Hollywood working on films like Citizen Kane and Destination Moon. Who was this remarkable man? His name was Chesley Bonestell (1888-1986). Chesley Bonestell's mesmerizing depiction of "Saturn As Seen From Titan" became known as "the painting that launched a thousand careers." Told by the many people who were influenced by Chesley Bonestell or knew him personally and punctuated with rare interview footage of the artist himself, the documentary compellingly chronicles the life of a quiet, artistic visionary, whose architecture and space art continue to inspire us to reach for the stars. Colorado Springs, late 1970s. Ron Stallworth, an African American police officer, and Flip Zimmerman, his Jewish colleague, run an undercover operation to infiltrate the Ku Klux Klan. When 15-year-old MAGNEA meets STELLA, everything changes. Stella's no-holds-barred lifestyle drags them both into a world of drugs, which brings serious consequences for each of them, and their relationship. Twelve years later their paths cross again, and a reckoning between them becomes unavoidable. Driven to succeed as professional musicians, two Providence-based artists venture on a metamorphic journey from DIY folk band to the internationally known band, The Low Anthem, finding themselves falling down a rabbit hole when inhabiting an abandoned opera house and creating a magical world of their own. Live from London's Royal Festival Hall, join us for a unique celebration of John le Carre's work as he discusses the full breadth of his career, and reflects on the continuing story of his most famous creation, the tubby, bespectacled spy, George Smiley. Featuring readings from his new novel A Legacy of Spies, and a rare question and answer session, this will be an unmissable opportunity to experience the author direct and in his own words. A story of love, loss and redemption set on a train in 1943. Told through performances, TV interviews, home movies, family photographs, private letters and unpublished memoirs, the film reveals the essence of an extraordinary woman who rose from humble beginnings in New York City to become a glamorous international superstar and one of the greatest artists of all time. The film tells the story of an actress from 1960s and 1970s who was banned from acting after the Islamic Revolution in Iran. Would you fall in love with a homeless person? Six years after Occupy Wall Street, Jehan is 42 years old and homeless on the streets of New York City. As she works to save money, get an apartment and return to a "normal" life, she decides that she would also like to get married. Would someone willing to put a dollar in her begging bag also be willing to fall in love with her? Can she find true love with a "normal" person? "Roll With It" is a documentary following the Australian Men's Wheelchair Basketball team, the Rollers, on their two year journey to the 2014 World Championships held in South Korea.  After losing the Gold medal at the London 2012 Paralympics the Rollers are out for revenge.  We follow the inspiring players that make up one of Australia's greatest ever sporting teams as they overcome their own daily battles and strive for the ultimate glory. A documentary about the pioneering women who broke through the glass ceiling of professional poker. A young man invites a group of his closest friends to a party, where he proceeds to discreetly kill them all. Through the interactions between two film directors and a longtime film extra, this documentary questions the distinction between real and fake. A game of power between assistant director and director leads to the realisation that we all live our lives as extras, 'accessories' in the background who wait for the chance to become a star. A Korean immigrant falls in love with her best friend while navigating her way through the challenges of living in a new country. A personal portrait of the victor of Waterloo, drawing on his own vast correspondence and the letters and memoirs of those who knew him best. A documentary on the lives of three sisters from the small town of Semirom in Iran who leave a life of poverty to become Wushu fighters, a form of Chinese martial arts.  Risking his life, Luke ventures to Rome to visit Paul -- the apostle who's bound in chains and held captive in Nero's darkest and bleakest prison cell. Haunted by the shadows of his past misdeeds, Paul wonders if he's been forgotten as he awaits his grisly execution. Before Paul's death, Luke resolves to write another book that details the birth of what will come to be known as the church. A 51-day stand off between FBI and the Branch Davidian cult ended with a tragic fire in Waco, Texas. 76 people died, including charismatic cult leader David Koresh. Clive Doyle, a follower of Koresh's Messianic preachings survived, while his youngest daughter died in the inferno. 25 years later and still a believer, all Clive can do is wait and pray that one day his Messiah and daughter will be resurrected. This is a far-reaching interrogation of something that's usually regarded as the undoubted precondition of life (generally) and filmmaking (specifically): an objective, at best yet interpretable reality. Starting with Gerhard Mack, retired professor of theoretical elementary particle physics at the Deutsches Elektronen-Synchrotron (DESY) in Hamburg, Claudia Lehmann and Konrad Hempel set out on a filmic expedition that aims for the universal and at the same time delves into the molecular (and smaller) realm, asking for the meaning of every kind of life in our complex world. The inspirational portrayal of Mother Teresa, a simple nun who became one of the most significant personalities of the 20th Century. Armed with a faith that could move mountains, Mother Teresa followed her calling to help the poor, the lepers, the dying and the abandoned children in the slums of Calcutta, challenging many authorities - including the church - along the way. Froze In My Clothes is a 3D-film documentary reviewing personal events in the life of the legendary radio personality Herb 'The Cool Gent' Kent. Likely the first, and only, 3D documentary of any Radio Hall of Fame recipient, this documentary was filmed in stereoscopic-3D four years before Herb Kent's death in October, 2016, bringing to an end over 70 years on air as a Chicago radio personality. Mr. Kent was the first African American inducted into the Radio Hall of Fame, the first African American employee of NBC network serving as intern to Hugh Downs, and holds the Guinness Book of World Records for the 'longest on air radio personality/male'. Herb speaks to the camera in his own words, and we are allowed to document the life and times of this radio legend. Using specialized film processing techniques referred to as Ultra-3D (U3D), anaglyph glasses can be used with virtual elimination of typical color distortions that have previously made anaglyphy 3D less desirable. Directors W. Alexander Jones and Carolann Stoney turn their cameras on Liv Osthus, one of the best-known artists working in Portland's adult entertainment industry. She also happens to be a published author, musician, breast cancer survivor, mother, and daughter of a preacher. Better known as Viva Las Vegas, Osthus grew to wide notoriety when, along with a handful of other strippers, she faced down Portland city council for greater protections for sex workers. In a city with the highest number of strip clubs per capita in the country (and probably strippers), this unique woman not only revels in the glorious grit of the profession, but also manages to raise social perceptions with her creative successes, bravery, and artistry. In 1963 at Michigan State University, Head Coach Duffy Daugherty chose 23 black men to play on the college team. From this move came legends Gene Washington, Bubba Smith, George Webster and Clinton Jones. Director Maya Washington, Gene Washington's daughter, charts the legacy of her father's career and influence, along with the impact the events of 1963 have shown in the present day. An independent documentary about the rise of major ballroom dancer and choreographer Carlinhos de Jesus. A unique individual who collects almost everything reveals some of the darker things he has acquired, including JonBenet Ramsey's Tricycle. An investigation of pop culture, media, tragedy and the items we possess. The true story of Sonja Henie, one of the world's greatest athletes and the inventor of modern figure skating, who decides to go to Hollywood in 1936 to become a movie star. When CIA Analyst Jack Ryan interferes with an IRA assassination, a renegade faction targets Jack and his family as revenge. On March 11, 1959, Lorraine Hansberry's 'A Raisin in the Sun' opened on Broadway and changed the face of American theater forever. As the first-ever black woman to author a play performed on Broadway, she did not shy away from richly drawn characters and unprecedented subject matter. The play attracted record crowds and earned the coveted top prize from the New York Drama Critics' Circle. While the play is seen as a groundbreaking work of art, the timely story of Hansberry's life is far less known. The forgotten story of Martin and Osa Johnson, rebel filmmakers and Kansas natives who made some of the first films in Africa in times when filming itself was more dangerous than lions or malaria. Christian documentary on the life of Steve McQueen. Through illustrations and sounds, Una vez la noche experiments with the obsessive narration of four diverse characters -all of which are lost in the settings of their memory- to exhibit crucial events that marked their lives forever. Through a particular mise-en-scene, the film provides apparently ordinary people with a brilliant singularity, introducing us to a new perception of reality. While sketching one day, 13 year old Jo encounters a mysterious art dealer who buys a few of her drawings and commissions her to do some more. Some time thereafter she reads a news story about a million dollar sale of some drawings of a young Vincent Van Gogh. She enlists the aid of some friends and heads to Amsterdam in search of the mystery man. Or, should she go to 19th century Arles in search of Vincent himself? Codelli is a feature-length docudrama about a little-known film project by Slovenian inventor Baron Anton Codelli. Together with filmmaker and adventurer Hans Schomburgk he filmed in Togo in 1914 the first live-action film in Africa, which possibly inspired James Rice Burroughs for his novel on Tarzan. In the company of three Codelli's descendants and actor Primoz Bezjak, we traced the fate of Codelli's film, brought the remains from Togo and Berlin to Ljubljana and used the Green Screen technology to bring to life 15 live-action scenes based on 600 Codelli's museum photographs. In 1921, six dead bodies were found near the Red House between Tel Aviv and Jaffa. One was the body of Y.H. Brenner, a brilliant author, the sharp critic of his generation, a man of ambiguous sexuality and the characteristics of a raging prophet; he was well known throughout the Jewish world. An official report, written but sealed shortly after these events, was discovered only recently. It features in this film, along with animated sequences by David Polonsky ("Waltz with Bashir"), conversations with Brenner scholars, rare period stills, and selections from his works. A teenage summer in a small town in the desert, a dysfunctional family, a rock band, a can full of glue, two boys, one girl, loads of tongue kisses, dry heat, wind in Patagonia, existential angst... A teenage story in the middle of nowhere. Ze'ev Vladimir Jabotinsky? Most people don't know much about him. Most people know he was the father of Herut movement, a revisionist. And who really knows what revisionism really means. A few people know that he translated Allan Poe's Annabel Lee; even fewer read his historical novel, Samson. The Raven tries to fathom Jabotinsky's deceptive character. The film follows his conflicted, controversial character, the meaningful choices, desires and abilities that eventually led him to end his life prematurely but left a huge mark on Zionism and Israel. - See more at: http://nfct.org.il/en/movies/the-raven-zeev-jabotinsky/#sthash.WoPKutbi.dpuf Set in the early 1900s in the fictional Catfish Row section of Charleston, South Carolina, which serves as home to a black fishing community, the story focuses on the titular characters, crippled beggar Porgy, who travels about in a goat-drawn cart, and the drug-addicted Bess, who lives with stevedore Crown, the local bully. Celebrated Chinese couturier Guo Pei is perhaps best known for designing the brilliant gold gown Rihanna wore to the Met Ball in 2015. But Guo's quest to be recognized by the gatekeepers of Paris haute couture goes beyond the red carpet and taps into global power dynamics and the perpetual tension between art and commerce. Who is Barbara Virginia? a rescue of memories, a search in search of the filmmaker Barbara Virginia. This is a work of human and emotional archeology that brings to light the life and work of a woman who made much of the cinema culture and was forgotten ... Barbara was the first portuguese filmmaker to make feature film and the only woman to make a film in the Portuguese dictatorship and was in the competition in the first edition of of Cannes in 1946.Filmed between Portugal and Brazil, in this intimate and poetic film we accompany Searching for Barbara Virginia. Mahanati depicts the life and career of one of Telugu cinema's greatest and most iconic starlets, the first Indian female super star, Savitri. On the life and work of Beato Carlos Manuel Rodriguez. This film follows Arturo Belano, alter ego of the writer Roberto Bolano, shared with his creator a great part of his biography.  The director searches for him in places where his stories and novels occur, meeting with real and imaginary characters, in a territory where reality and fiction have a diffuse frontier. A new form of literary biopic, where the writer and his character turn into one and only person. Comedian Ken Davis explains why so many people lose their passion for life, then lays out a path for once again becoming fully alive. The sculptor Elizabeth King mines the spaces in between classical sculpture and automata; life and the life- like. Double Take: The Art of Elizabeth King explores the motives and creations of this quiet iconoclast at a pivotal moment in her career. This is the story of the shy Mongol boy Temujin who,during the 13th century, becomes the fearless Mongol leader Genghis Khan that unites all Mongol tribes and conquers India,China,Persia,Korea and parts of Rusia,Europe and Middle-East. A new documentary about the evolution of a young Turkish surrealist artist exploring imagined worlds, both vastly cosmic and deeply personal. This heartwarming, invigorating debut from Anna Frances Ewert transports us to a Cistercian monastery in the Irish countryside where seven aging monks struggle to keep their devout community running. We watch as they pray, exercise, tend to cattle, tend to one another, and pray again. But more than anything, we listen as these wise, humble men reflect on their lives and their philosophies. Oscar Francois de Jarjayes was born female, but her father insisted she be raised as a boy as he had no sons. She becomes the captain of the guards at Versailles under King Louis XVI and Marie Antonette. Her privileged, noble life comes under fire as she discovers the hard life of the poor people of France. She is caught up in the French Revolution, and must choose between her loyalty and love. The story of Eusebio da Silva Ferreira, one of the most famous football players of all times. Marlon Riggs directed this independent documentary about black experience. Featuring Angela Davis, bell hooks, Michele Wallace, Cornel West, and others. When her husband dies en route to America, Martha Price and her daughter Hilary are left to carry out his dream: the introduction of Hereford cattle into the American West. They enlist Sam "Bulldog" Burnett in their efforts to transport their lone bull, a Hereford named Vindicator, to a breeder in Texas, but the trail is fraught with danger and even Burnett doubts the survival potential of this "rare breed" of cattle. Aarron Lambert is a controversial man that provokes the system and inspires the public. A cinematic documentary following the struggles and successes of a voice that must be heard from childhood through to adult life. A documentary that follows a middle-aged Azorean record obsessive who has lost the vinyl collection of his youth, and so seeks to reconnect with it through talking with the fellow island collectors he grew up with about the music scene of their wilder years.  Conor McGregor is the biggest star in the history of Mixed Martial Arts. Filmed over the course of 4 years, Notorious is the exclusive, all-access account of Conor's meteoric rise from claiming benefits and living in his parents' spare room in Dublin to claiming multiple championship UFC belts and seven figure pay-packets in Las Vegas. In this educational film about personal hygiene, Harv and Marv are animated characters in the real world. When Marv says he wants to become human, Harv shows him that real people have to bathe, wash their hands and teeth, and mind their appearance. The life and career of rock n' roll icon Joan Jett from her early years ripping it up onstage as the founder and backbone of hard-rock legends The Runaways, to her long time collaboration with Kenny Laguna as Joan Jett & the Blackhearts, and her enduring presence in pop culture as a rock pioneer and mentor. With her inimitable singles "I Love Rock n Roll," and "Bad Reputation" Joan Jett inspired a generation of young women to rock. The rich inner world of famous Georgian theater and film director, artist and puppeteer Rezo Gabriadze is as fantastic as the animation into which he has poured this story of his life. Rezo's director son Levan "Leo" Gabriadze, who previously made the horror film Unfriended (2014), leaves it to his father to talk about a life suffused with magical thinking. Yeong-hoon is a 13-year-old boy who leaves his house not being able to stand his father's abuse anymore. He has no place to go so he takes the subway to Oido and there he meets Hyeon-soo, a orphan the same age as him. Hyeon-soo has already been to the Detention Center for Teenagers and his rough actions causes Yeong-hoon to feel aspiration and depend on him. One day, Hyeon-soo's girlfriend Han-na gets pregnant so Hyeon-soo and Yeong-hoon heads to Seoul Station, where rugged kids like them live in a group... Making Shankly is a documentary film that explores the formative years of a Liverpool FC legend and tells a story that spans the football world from past to present.  Everyone knows Bill Shankly the man, but the tiny village of Glenbuck - where he was born - has been largely forgotten. Beneath its neglect lies one of the most compelling stories in football. Through interviews with football historians and some of the few remaining Glenbuckians, Making Shankly charts the history of Glenbuck, the impact it made on football and why it became known as the 'Nursery of Footballers'. Detective Hazel Micallef hasn't had much to worry about in the sleepy town of Port Dundas until a string of gruesome murders in the surrounding countryside brings her face to face with a serial killer driven by a higher calling. The girlfriend of a young gypsy tries to guide her life in a proper way but does not achieve it. When she gets difficulties because of a fight everything changes.  Deni is trying to find himself. His soul-searching takes him on the traces of his childhood, in the snowy landscapes of Kazakhstan. In an apartment decorated with thick drapes, he encounters his Chechen family and his patriarchal culture. At the mosque, or in the boxing gym, he discovers the closeness of the men of his "clan". They are all virile and settled in their lives. He is struggling to find his place.  When a local woman disappears and the police can't seem to find any leads, her father turns to a poor young woman with psychic powers. Slowly she starts having visions of the woman chained and in a pond. Her visions lead to the body and the arrest of an abusive husband, but did he really do it? It picks up where the series left off in its final episode as the relationship of Joee and Joey moves on to the next level. Joee is about to give birth while Joey remains in love with her and tries to become a responsible foster father. Your War (I'm One Of You) chronicles the life and career of Chicago's Tim Kinsella, frontman of ever-shifting band Joan of Arc and '90's pioneers Cap'n Jazz. With appearances from Tim's friends, family, and admirers, we learn what has made his legacy so unique and enduring for more than 20 years. Rafael embarks on a shabby blue Landau and crosses the city of Sao Paulo gathering truths and lies about the set of his uncle Tico, the already legendary proto-punk-satirical Knee of Porco. Jules, a young Parisian postman, secretly records a concert performance given by the opera singer Cynthia Hawkins, whom he idolises. The following day, Jules runs into a woman who is being pursued by armed thugs. Before she is killed, the woman slips an audio cassette into his mail bag... Comedian Harmonists tells the story of a famous, German male sextet, five vocals and piano, the "Comedian Harmonists", from the day they meet first in 1927 to the day in 1934, when they become banned by the upcoming Nazis, because three of them are Jewish. The friendship between a widower and a married woman is misunderstood.  Documentary feature that reveals the intimacy of Luana Muniz, Queen of Lapa in Rio de Janeiro, actress divided between prostitution, LGBT militancy and shows in cabarets. Best National Feature Film Award at the Rio Gender & Sexuality Film Festival. Documentary about Gijon through the eyes of acclaimed singer-songwriter Nacho Vegas A biopic of Wage Rudolf Soepratman, the composer of Indonesia Raya, from his earlier life into series of events that lead to his beautiful masterpiece. A murderous local legend proves frighteningly real in this independent slasher flick detailing the bloody exploits of the killer known as The Black Mountain Madman, and his crazed sidekick Pillowcase The short film Redneck Muslim explores the life and work of Shane Atkinson, a hospital chaplain in-training at North Carolina's biggest trauma center and founder of the on-line group the 'Society of Islamic Rednecks.' A 45-year old, white "good old boy" from Mississippi who converted to Islam in 1999, Shane is exploring ways to honor his Southern heritage while also challenging white supremacy. A portrait of the life of Tita Merello, famous Argentinian singer and actress. JOE FRANK - SOMEWHERE OUT THERE is a feature length film that explores the life of award-winning audio artist  Joe Frank whose career on radio and on-line has spanned four decades.  Frank's highly produced radio shows can be described as innovative, abstract, underground, autobiographical, surreal, funny, disturbing, and thought provoking meditations on the human condition. London, England, May 2000. The peaceful life of elderly Joan Stanley is suddenly disrupted when she is arrested by the British Intelligence Service and accused of providing information to communist Russia during the forties. When a Las Vegas bodyguard with lethal skills and a gambling problem gets in trouble with the mob, he has one last play... and it's all or nothing. A fascinating portrait of Ben Ferencz, the last surviving Nuremberg Trial prosecutor, who continues to wage his lifelong crusade in the fight for law and peace.  A beautifully affecting love story that has rightly earned comparisons to Brokeback Mountain, Haim Tabakman's potent yet impeccably restrained tale has won awards and accolades at film festivals the world over. Aaron, a pillar in Jerusalem's Orthodox community is respected by friends and family. However, when he hires handsome runaway student Ezri to assist with his business, sexual tensions bristle and the pair cautiously embark on a love affair. Meanwhile, a neighbouring shopkeeper persists in seeing a man of her own choosing, even though she's been promised by her father to another. As forbidden truths come to the fore, these lovers are forced to either confront or relent in the face of a centuries-old religious community, with startling results. Aasma is a story about lives of six friends, set out on a mission : a mission to touch the sky with their brilliance, talent and sheer dedication. The success story of a theatre group that embodies the love and togetherness amongst these friends. It's a story of people who have faith in spite of the agonies and tribulations that life presents to each of them. upcoming Sri Lankan Sinhala biographical film directed by  co-produced by After watching her mother die gradually from a broken heart, Roberta, an illegitimate child, decides to seek vengeance from her father Bradley, who ran away before she was born. Bradley is wealthy now, and so Roberta secures a job as his secretary and schemes to ruin his financial empire. Sony Pictures Entertainment and The Walt Disney Company jointly announced that Marvel Studios and its President Kevin Feige will produce the third film in the "Spider-Man: Homecoming" series, starring Tom Holland. The film is scheduled to release on July 16, 2021. LEE Kang-hee, an editorialist of the influential conservative newspaper puts a congressman, JANG Pil-woo to the position of a leading candidate for President using the power of the press. Behind this, there was his secret deal with the paper's biggest sponsor. AHN Sang-goo, a political henchman who supported LEE and JANG gets his hand cut as the price when he gets caught pocketing the record on the sponsor's slush fund. WOO Jang-hoon, an ambitious prosecutor starts to investigate the relationship with JANG and the sponsor believing it is the only chance he can make it to the top. While getting down to the grass roots on the case, WOO meets AHN who has been deliberately planning his revenge. Now the war among the one blind for power, the one hell bent for vengeance, and the one eager for success starts. New York, 1980. Three complete strangers accidentally discover that they're identical triplets, separated at birth. The 19-year-olds' joyous reunion catapults them to international fame, but also unlocks an extraordinary and disturbing secret that goes beyond their own lives - and could transform our understanding of human nature forever. Yuli is the nickname given to Carlos Acosta by his father, Pedro, who considers him the son of Ogun, an African god and a fighter. As a child Yuli avoids discipline and education, learning from the streets of an impoverished and abandoned Havana. His father, however, has other ideas, and knowing that his son has a natural talent for dance, sends him to the National Ballet School of Cuba. Despite his repeated escapes and initial poor behaviour, the boy is inevitably drawn to the world of dance, and begins to shape his legendary career from a young age, becoming the first black dancer to be cast in some of the most prestigious ballet roles, originally written for white dancers, in companies such as the Houston Ballet or the Royal Ballet in London. Fred Rogers used puppets and play to explore complex social issues: race, disability, equality and tragedy, helping form the American concept of childhood. He spoke directly to children and they responded enthusiastically. Yet today, his impact is unclear. Have we lived up to Fred's ideal of good neighbors? From the Rajasthan desert to the big city of Kolkata, reggae-loving busker Filippo Mase, a.k.a. 'Miserable Man', crosses paths with many characters: fellow musicians, spiritual seekers and street kids. From the origins of Mase's 'Miserable Man' persona in the bitter chill of a European winter, the documentary follows the musician's return to India -- where he's previously spent several years -- and observes contrasting elements of Indian society: contemporary and traditional, East and West, ethics and aesthetics. Nadia Murad, a 23-year-old Yazidi, survived genocide and sexual slavery committed by ISIS. Repeating her story to politicians and media, this ordinary girl finds herself thrust onto the world stage as the voice of her people. Away from the podium, she must navigate bureaucracy, fame and people's good intentions. Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg now 84, and still inspired by the lawyers who defended free speech during the Red Scare, Ginsburg refuses to relinquish her passionate duty, steadily fighting for equal rights for all citizens under the law. Through intimate interviews and unprecedented access to Ginsburg's life outside the court, RBG tells the electric story of Ginsburg's consuming love affairs with both the Constitution and her beloved husband Marty--and of a life's work that led her to become an icon of justice in the highest court in the land. A funny, intimate and heartbreaking portrait of one of the world's most beloved and inventive comedians, Robin Williams, told largely through his own words. Celebrates what he brought to comedy and to the culture at large, from the wild days of late-1970s L.A. to his death in 2014.  Filmmaker Paul Gallasch is 30 and still lives at home with his mentally ill mother. When he meets the woman of his dreams, Paul decides that if he's ever going to make a new life of his own, he must first find a cure for his mother's illness. Tobias Jacobsen is 42. When the doctors tell him he is fatally ill, the earth opens up beneath him and he finds himself plunging into the abyss. It makes him think of the time he was 13 and his girlfriend got him to jump off the balcony of her father's house with a sun umbrella for a parachute. Two stories separated by 29 years are told in parallel, but gradually intertwine into one drama. Both stories have moments of joy and tragedy, as fates wondrously separate and are brought back together again. It is a story about making a leap of faith, trusting in yourself and realizing that, ultimately, life is no good without humour, even of the darker variety. The story of nobleman-turned-outlaw hero who was was crowned king of Scots in the 14th century. The Lewiston / Clarkston valley has a rich history. It is here, at the confluence of the Clearwater and Snake Rivers, where Lewis and Clark camped on their westward journey over two hundred years ago. Residents boast that the valley is the gateway to Hells Canyon, that Lewiston was Idaho's first capital. However, the valley also has a much darker past, one that many know about, but few publicly acknowledge. From 1979 to 1982, five people disappeared. Only three of the bodies have ever been found. All share one suspect. An Irish filmmaker grapples with the legacy of his estranged father, the late documentarian Arthur MacCaig, through MacCaig's decades-spanning archive of the conflict in Northern Ireland. Drawing on over 30 years of unique and never-seen-before footage, 'The Image You Missed' is an experimental essay film that weaves together a history of the Northern Irish 'Troubles' with the story of a son's search for his father. In the process, the film creates a candid encounter between two filmmakers born into different political moments, revealing their contrasting experiences of Irish nationalism, the role of images in social struggle, and the competing claims of personal and political responsibility. Mahathir is an ordinary person from outward, belonging to a lower middle class family. But the fire inside him to become a millionaire makes him different from others. A person may get some problems in life. But if life itself becomes a problem? How Mahathir overcomes his difficulties and becomes a millionaire forms the plot of the movie. Blind from birth, Dr G Yunupingu found his identity through song and the haunting voice that has already become legend. His debut album introduced Australia to the Songlines and culture of his Elcho Island community, but now Dr G Yunupingu finds himself increasingly torn between city and country, present and past, self and the community to which he owes so much. This melodrama investigates the life of a prostitute in a pseudo-documentary style. A young Lebanese filmmaker who shares a Beirut apartment with his mother and pet dog sets about reconstructing his identity by renovating his bedroom. But as the male construction workers come and go in the freshly embattled household, new questions, old arguments and unexpected passions get stirred. Chrisye life journey, after finding interest and talent in music, it does not make Christophe become a quiet person throughout his life. Since his youth, he continued to oppose the views of his father who wanted him to become an engineer. The film SAJJAN SINGH RANGROOT is based on true story about the Sikh Regiment, serving in the British Indian Army, during World War I. The movie depicts one such war hero Sajjan Singh, who is an officer in the British Army and served on the western front during the WW1 against Germany. Dovlatov charts six days in the life of brilliant, ironic writer who saw far beyond the rigid limits of 70s Soviet Russia. Sergei Dovlatov fought to preserve his own talent and decency with poet and writer Joseph Brodsky while watching his artist friends get crushed by the iron-willed state machinery. Deep in the mountains, hidden in a forest, there is a village populated only by women who ran away from home to commit suicide in the area. It was founded by Onikuma, a strong-willed yet kind-hearted mother and village head-woman who fled from the city with her daughter, Kagu who was 14-years-old and pregnant with the titular Kushina. Bimba Devi alias Yashodhara is a 2018 Sri Lankan Sinhala language epic, biographical drama film written and directed by professor Sunil Ariyaratne. This historical biographical film film depicts the life of princess Yashodhara, the wife of Prince Siddhartha. 11 years after his debut LP, a divorce, crippling anxiety and battle with sex addiction, Polyoptics chronicles the creation of NYC alt-rap legend Tonedeff's multi-part second LP - offering a deep dive into the formative experiences behind the songs. Gritty adaption of William Shakespeare's play about the English King's bloody conquest of France. Indira Manikam and her sister took a leap of faith by establishing Tanjai Kamala Indira Dance School (TKI) in Kuala Lumpur. This documentary captures her journey, explore the power of art, and above all, the courage and resilience of a woman's spirit. Joe Pantoliano makes his documentary directorial debut with NO KIDDING! ME 2!! as part of his fight against the stigma and shame of mental/brain "dis-ease" (or disease). About the legendary Turkish "soul singer" Muslum Gures. Born into a poor family, witnessed the tragedy of his mother and his baby sister getting killed by his father in front of his eyes, a serious car accident, which he was first pronounced dead that left him partially deaf and gave him gestural and speaking difficulties, which later became part and parcel of his eccentric personality, a tumultuous relationship with a movie actress and singer who is 21 years older than him. Fox and Owl Fisher are nonbinary trans activists from the UK--and they want to share what that means for them. With help from their community and loved ones, they explore issues such as legal recognition, language, health care, and social acceptance, delineating the challenges that they and many other people like them face daily. While education and social justice are at the heart of this film, it is also a love story of two people from different backgrounds finding each other. Through romance and activism, this couple defies gender norms and resists systems of oppression. A German Documentary on Jack Nicholson Stolen Glory: The Tale of Porky Brooke tells the harrowing true story of Graeme Porky Brooke, an indigenous boxer and Australian sporting star of the 1980's. In Not in My Lifetime, documentarian Pamela Colby offers insight into the fight for marriage equality from the viewpoint of the GLBT community of the Baby Boomer generation. The subject of marriage equality has been a tenuous one through various periods in American history, culminating in the Marriage Equality Act which was made into law on July 9th, 2015. For the GLBT community of this generation, denial of the right to marry forced couples to navigate an unsteady and often unjust world in order to protect and preserve their love. A cinematic portrait of the homeless population who live permanently in the underground tunnels of New York City. After his best friend Mikey goes missing, Karl goes on a search mission to find him in the supposed woodlands he was last seen in. During his search, things take an unexpected turn and Karl finds himself up against not only mother natures fury but a hidden secret that the woods harvest. Dr Tatya Lahane's both kidneys were spoiled at the young age.His mother Anjanbai then donated one of her kidney to save his life.As an ophthalmologist he arranged many cataract camps nationwide and also in JJ Hospital. In 2007 he did his 100,000th cataract surgery in JJ Hospital. An amazing story of love and family, celebrity and music. A portrait of Hedi Jouini, the godfather of Tunisian music. Adam Carolla and Dennis Prager examine the reality of life and discourse on college campuses in modern America.  A biopic on the personal and artistic life of Italian songwriter Fabrizio De Andre. The documentary follows Chilly Gonzales from his native Canada to late '90s underground Berlin, and via Paris to the world's great philharmonic halls. Diving deep into the dichotomy of Gonzales' stage persona, where self-doubt and megalomania are just two sides of the same coin. This is a movie about the life of Israel's king David. Documentary drama Partisan Priest is based on the dramatic life story of Slovenian priest and partisan Joze Lampret. All his life, this uncompromising fighter for justice and equality strived to reconcile the irreconcilable: Christian practice and international socialism. In the end, he was betrayed by both - not the ideas, but by those who saw him as the enemy or merely the means to get what they wanted. A story which indirectly reflects the present day. Grindcore is the worlds fastest most aggressively intense music. Fusing the anarchistic and leftist attitudes of the UK Punk scene with the speed and drunken aggression of American Death Metal, Grindcore continues to challenge and offend most listeners. The lives of two lovelorn spouses from separate marriages, a registered sex offender, and a disgraced ex-police officer intersect as they struggle to resist their vulnerabilities and temptations. Some are called heroes, some villains. Histories get buried and the dead are resurrected. Sometimes a thread of humanity gets drawn from blurred stories. It could clothe the world one day or stitch together a fallen flag. A person enters the frame dressed up as a bird. In a dressing room, John Malkovich sheds the costume of Casanova. A young woman's skirt is just as orange as the beak of a zebra finch singing in a cage. White lilies stand at the foot of a statue of the Virgin Mary, red roses in front of the window of an SM studio. There the quiet game of submission in exchange for money, in a museum an embrace, a poem whispered in the ear. Children playing in a forest in autumn. A forest in summer, framed by light. An orgasm and a dance. Malawian Short film, the first in the 'Letters From The Future' film series based on stories of HIV/AIDS in Africa. Filmed on location in Lilongwe (Malawi) co-directed by Khama Mbaula and Bright Makina. Shot entirely on a handycam at a 20$ budget, no professional equipment was used to make this. Lee Chong Wei is a 2018 Malaysian biopic film directed by Teng Bee, about the inspirational story of national icon Lee Chong Wei, who rose from sheer poverty to become the top badminton player in the world. The film is based on Lee's 2012 autobiography Dare to Be a Champion This latest installment of Babylon 5 is in two parts: the first, is about an entity that has possessed a worker. It wants to be exorcised but Col. Lochley prevents the priest &amp; sends it &amp; the host both back to Earth. The second is about Galen trying to dupe President Sheridan into assassinating the future Centauri President to stop him possibly attacking Earth in 30 years time. Social activist Traffic Ramasamy takes on the corrupt and powerful in his quest for justice. Can he succeed to bring them down, especially when they are keen to finish him off for good? Abraham Bojorquez - Ukamau Y Ke - developed hop hop in the Aymara language and with his rebellious lyrics, shook up Latin American society in the early 21st century. At the cusp of his musical career he died violently the same day he finished recording his second record. Years later, his friend, the rapper and documentarian, Andres Ramirez returns to Bolivia to uncover the reasons for his death and to find him among the Andean circular temporality. In this surreal journey, Ukamau y Ke is revived through archival footage, testimonials and in dreams. The Adolfo Lopez Mateos Marketlocated in Cuernavaca Morelos, Mexico, is a place that will never leave you without food and without a roof, where real families are born and the only space where many find the closest thing to a home. A hybrid of documentary and fiction, Rukus is a queer coming-of-age story set in the liminal spaces of furry conventions, southern punk houses, and virtual worlds. Oko na Roki is a nearly wordless collage of moving images and sound. It is a diary film and an album of memories spanning 4 years. A feature- length documentary on the life and work of jazz musician and composer Krzysztof Komeda. This doc follows the life and career of legendary Colombian painter and sculptor, Fernando Botero. Hailed as one of the world's most prolific and popular artists, the 86-year-old Botero illustrates vision and mastery of the arts in this must-see film from documentary filmmaker Don Millar. A prolific force of artistry, Botero has been creating art throughout his life, earning him the name "The Maestro." With so little known of his private life, Millar's profile of the artist is a welcome behind-the-scenes peek inside Botero's world and body of work. The film takes us through Botero's process and around the world itself, visiting Colombia, China, Italy, the United States and other countries to trace the production and influence of Botero's work throughout his unrivalled career.  Set in 1987, a young American boy with a large birthmark on his neck embarks on his first day at a new school. He faces the insults of his classmates as well as his own insecurities. He begins to come to terms with his individuality with a little help from none other than Mikhail Gorbachev.  Mock documentary about an upstart candidate for the U.S. Senate written and directed by actor Tim Robbins. Bob Roberts is a folksinger with a difference: He offers tunes that protest welfare chiselers, liberal whining, and the like. As the filmmakers follow his campaign, Robbins gives needle-sharp insight into the way candidates manipulate the media. A radio DJ makes fun of, and ultimately falls for, a fading pop star in this romantic comedy. The film reproduces the historical moment when Cipriano Castro, then president of Venezuela, proclaimed: "The insolent plant of the foreigner has desecrated the sacred soil of the fatherland!" While the coasts were invaded by imperial forces in 1902. Count Axel is a comedy that takes place somewhere in the Nordic countries in 1783. It's a classic comedy about mixed identities, with strong elements of contemporary humour and satire. An assassin is shot by her ruthless employer, Bill, and other members of their assassination circle - but she lives to plot her vengeance. This feature documentary deeply explores Dr. King, his experience, his legacy and the Movement at large through key events - The Montgomery Bus Boycott, The Birmingham Campaign, March on Washington, the Selma Movement and Assassination and Legacy. Explore the life and legacy of actor Paul Walker, the Southern California native who cut his teeth as a child actor before breaking out in the blockbuster Fast and Furious movie franchise. TransGeek explores the intersection between gender identity and geek culture. It brings together the stories of trans people working in science, technology, gaming, science fiction/fantasy, and other geekish pursuits. It investigates how people express their authentic selves through geek culture; and how their gender identities have affected their professional development. TransGeek reveals the positive impact that geekdom has had on trans people's lives, as well as the challenges trans people continue to face in engaging with geek culture, and as employees of science, technology, and other geek-related industries. Whether exploring gender identity, creating fictional worlds, or seeking to change the real world, TransGeek offers an in depth account of what draws people to geek culture. "Since 2011, as an author and in a frantic and committed fashion, I record music and dance expressions of various kinds all over the country. From a great conversation with film director Ines Oliveira, who followed my work for a while, I raise fundamental questions in this film: Why do I do what I do? What is this all about? What are the relationships with the people? What differentiates me from scientific work? What is tradition?" -- Tiago Pereira. Julia, an online vlogger from Germany, comes to the US to visit her cousin Hannah. Upon her arrival, Julia falls fatefully ill, prompting Hannah's suspicion of the strange and sudden illness. When unusual happenings start taking place in her home, Hannah begins a relentless internet search to discover the cause. She comes across Julia's vlog entries and finds herself immersed deep in the web - too deep - in a place where terror knows no end. An apartment kitchen: a man and a woman discuss Little Red Riding Hood, their voices hushed, mindful of waking the little girl sleeping next room. Waste land on the city outskirts: behind a line of abandoned trailers, the man silently watches what seems to be a family. The same city, the same man: driving through traffic with two hand-made firing pins for a hunting rifle. The man is 42 years old, his name - Viorel. Troubled by obscure thoughts, he drives across the city to a destination known only to him. Harry Potter has lived under the stairs at his aunt and uncle's house his whole life. But on his 11th birthday, he learns he's a powerful wizard -- with a place waiting for him at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. As he learns to harness his newfound powers with the help of the school's kindly headmaster, Harry uncovers the truth about his parents' deaths -- and about the villain who's to blame. Can one be happy despite being gravely ill? Nick Difino, a food performer, posed this question to himself. After being diagnosed with a Non-Hodgkin lymphoma, his disease became a challenge to find his own "recipe for happiness". His story - mainly narrated using his video diaries - is alternated with the voices of seven acclaimed Chefs and artists - among which Simone Salvini, Roy Paci, Diego Rossi and others - who portray Nick's struggle, since cooking for him during the treatment has got them closely involved. While preparing the meals they ponder over subjects as disease, happiness, love for life, death and - of course - the role of Food. "Clandestine Soul" is a sensory and emotional biography of the Brazilian political activist, Maria Auxiliadora Lara Barcellos. Barn Burner is a first-hand account of the rise of Lancaster, Pennsylvania's metal scene. Featuring acts like Texas and July and the Grammy-nominated August Burns Red, it tells the story of how Amish Country became a hotbed of heavy music. "Between 1926 and 1985, amateur Archie Stewart shot over seventy thousand feet of film. In 1936 he purchased a sound-on-film 16mm camera and began to make talking pictures. The result is that we can not only see what Archie saw but hear what he heard. Stewart primarily focused on his family, watching them grow and mature as the years passed. Here we partake in four years of family activities, trips, and holiday seasons, as well as technical experiments. The record, intimate and endearing, shows people comfortable in front of the ever-present camera and microphone." -- Bruce Posner A journalist desperately tries to find his missing fiancee and finally uncover the truth behind a sinister folklore, leading him down a dangerous road of discovery. A couple sit on a log in front of sand dunes facing a small but clear beach. They are in the midst of a contemplative conversation. It isn't life changing, but it isn't an everyday chat, and they are engrossed. Suddenly, from behind a dune, a man comes hurtling into view. He accosts the couple, imploring them to help him. Erik the Viking gathers warriors from his village and sets out on a dangerous journey to Valhalla, to ask the gods to end the Age of Ragnorok and allow his people to see sunlight again. A Pythonesque satire of Viking life. Two years after the Martian invasion, George Herbert's worst fears are realized: The Aliens have returned. As a second wave of Martian walkers lay waste to what's left of Earth, an alliance of military forces prepares a daring attack on the Red Planet itself. Once again, the future of mankind hangs in the balance. OzHarvest CEO Ronni Kahn has enough passion and drive to move mountains - but can she reduce the exorbitant pile of food Australians waste each year? Food Fighter follows Ronni's crusade as she partners with the United Nations, rubs shoulders with royalty and Jamie Oliver's juggernaut, rifles through dumpster bins, and holds government to account. A long time ago, years before Elon Musk reached for the stars with his Space X project, a young man had his own childhood dream about a journey into space. This documentary tells the fantastic story of German astrophysicist Lutz Kayser who developed the world's first private space company. He did this under the curious and concerned eyes of secret services around the world.  The film is the personal story of three generations: the (late) grandmother, the father and the daughter, who is directing the film. It focuses on the trans-generational transfer of traumatic experiences. It's a spiritual road movie through deep and diffuse layers of feelings resulting from historical transformations in north-eastern Europe. Love and Loss follows two surprisingly strong women: Karen Crespo and Nicole Evans. Both women are vibrantly physically disabled; however, Nicole was born disabled while Karen became disabled later in life. Through the observation of the dating lives of them, this film explores the challenging and often unconventional intimate relationships of physically-impaired individuals, as well as how those individuals define and live their lives within the context of their disabilities. A young art student from Switzerland arrives for six months in Tel Aviv. Through drawing he will learn to analyse, understand and open himself to this contrasted environment. Based on a true story, a small-town Kazakh singer, Amre Kashaubayev, journeys to Paris to compete in an international singing competition at the 1925 Paris Expo. He meets American songwriter George Gershwin forming a beautiful and unlikely friendship. While Amre's talent for singing opens up an exciting new world outside Kazakhstan, he is forced to choose between following his singing career and remaining loyal to his home country. A film biography of Rikard Nordraak, composer of the Norwegian national anthem. Brash NYC policeman Officer Gunther Toody is partnered with stiff, by-the-book Officer Francis Muldoon to protect an important mafia witness prior to testifying against orgainzed crime in Brooklyn, all the while dealing with their personal lives, overbearing spouses, common criminals, arms dealers, and their officious boss Captain Anderson. An ex-tennis pro carries out a plot to have his wife murdered after discovering she is having an affair, and assumes she will soon leave him for the other man anyway. When things go wrong, he improvises a new plan--to frame her for murder instead. Spans the period from 1958 to the present day and tells the story of an unconditional love between a mother and her daughter which is endangered by an unsteady and manipulative father. An aspiring songwriter from a small steel town, Betty Mabry Davis arrived on the scene to break boundaries for women with her daring personality, iconic fashion style and outrageous funk. She befriended Jimi Hendrix and Sly Stone, wrote songs for the Chambers Brothers and The Commodores and married Miles Davis, turning him from jazz to funk and then went on to ignite stages in the 70s with her sassy sexed up mix of hard rock and bluesy funk, inspiring artists from Prince to Erykah Badu to Karen 0 and Peaches. Then she vanished... Kazim Koyuncu was one of the most important musicians in Turkey, having introduced a universal sound to the Karadeniz Lazuri music. He died during treatment for lung cancer in 2005. It is generally assumed that the Chernobyl disaster was the cause of Koyuncu's cancer, as believed by many citizens of the country. Now, Kazim's documentary is out. More importantly, now it cannot be destroyed. Even after generations, people will know how Kazim was as a person, how he lived the "other way", how he opposed the system and the life itself.  --Turhan Karadeniz This autobiography of Hector Delgado runs from his childhood to become one of the greatest exponents of the urban genre, but the results of that life did not please him and led him to try to take his life  .After being victim of a firefight at a service station in Aguada, a city hall in Puerto Rico, he stopped earning at least two hundred American dollars for presentation and being "devout of Jesus" Based on the boundary-breaking motorcycle journeys of Zenith Irfan who, at 20 years of age, is the first Pakistani woman to have made a solo motorcycle journey through the northern regions of the country. When we first meet Lucia she is withdrawn and isolated from her friends and family, dealing with anxiety attacks and a legion of secrets. But when she meets bright and carefree Olivia, Lucia seizes the opportunity to break out of her shell and live the life she was afraid to admit she wanted. Born in 1907, Italina Lida "Ida" Kravanja known as Ita Rina, became famous in Europe and especially in France for her role in Erotikon (1929) by Gustav Machaty. At the height of her glory she got married and refused an invitation to Hollywood. After that she appeared in a few German/Yugoslav co-productions but her career slowly faded. After losing one of their members to graduation, a sorority of altruistic witches must choose a new student for their coven. When Alexis is spurned for the spot, she immediately exacts revenge on the sorority by killing them one by one. Angelo "Snaps" Provolone made his dying father a promise on his deathbed: he would leave the world of crime and become an honest businessman. Despite having no experience in making money in a legal fashion, Snaps sets about to keep his promise. "Loro", in two parts, is a period movie that chronicles, as a fiction story, events likely happened in Italy (or even made up) between 2006 and 2010.  "Loro" wants to suggest in portraits and glimps, through a composite constellation of characters, a moment in history, now definitively ended, which can be described in a very summary picture of the events as amoral, decadent but extraordinarily alive.  Additionally, "Loro" wishes to tell the story of some Italians, fresh and ancient people at the same time: souls from a modern imaginary Purgatory who, moved by heterogeneous intents like ambition, admiration, affection, curiosity, personal interests, establish to try and orbit around the walking Paradise that is the man named Silvio Berlusconi. On 26 September 1928, Karel Capek and President T.G. Masaryk meet in the gardens of Topolcianky castle to decide about the fate of their joint literary work. Their fiction film dialogue is based on quotes from a future book and their mutual correspondence, considerably freeing the original format of literary conversation from binding conventions. Capek and Masaryk reproach and offend each other, but they also ask key personal questions and questions about the social functions of a writer and politician respectively. "It's a film about two extraordinary men; it's about the fact that emotions can be sometimes more powerful than ideas even in such exceptional people. Documentary adaptation of the book "Labirinto da Saudade," a deconstruction of the Portuguese ethos from a philosophical and historical point of view, written by Eduardo Lourenco. After the father's death, the daughter of one of the forefathers of modern Russian democracy, Ksenia Sobchak, tries to understand the 18 years of his political fate. Together with the director Vera Krichevskaya she gives the word to Anatoli Sobchak's colleagues and opponents, gets acquainted with the criminal case which annulled his career, and tries to find an answer to the question what Anatoly Sobchak's fate would be in today's Russia. A French singer from a small Indie rock band, narrates this intimate and personal journey through her artistic life, her changes and deep emotions lived with her band. Osvaldao, a guerrilla leader, is hidden in the woods with guns in his hands, pursued by thousands of soldiers. He is feared by the military dictatorship and adored by the people. The film tells the trajectory of this boxing champion who became commander of the Araguaia Guerrilla. Oscar Peyrou is a veteran Spanish film critic who writes his reviews according to a very peculiar method: in his opinion, it is not really necessary to watch the films since it is possible to judge them simply by looking at their promotional poster. A film about Andrey Shestakov, head of the microbial biotechnology laboratory at Moscow State University. Together with his team, he travels all over the planet, from the Caucasus to the White Sea, with the goal of finding and testing microbes useful for mankind. On the night of 16 July 1942, ten year old Sarah and her parents are being arrested and transported to the Velodrome d'Hiver in Paris where thousands of other jews are being sent to get deported. Sarah however managed to lock her little brother in a closet just before the police entered their apartment. Sixty years later, Julia Jarmond, an American journalist in Paris, gets the assignment to write an article about this raid, a black page in the history of France. She starts digging archives and through Sarah's file discovers a well kept secret about her own in-laws.  In  commemoration of the 100th  anniversary of  Ingmar Bergman the Finnish writer and director Jorn Donner shares his memories of his friend and collaborator.  The movie is based on two as yet unpublished TV interviews with Bergman which Donner filmed in 1975 and 1987. The film begins when Eugenio, a 14 year old child, is conduced from his grandparents home outside Rome, to Giancarlo (his father) in the city, by Giancarlo's friend (called "Moustache"). As Eugenio is bothering Moustache, he threatens Eugenio with leaving him in the middle of the country. He finally does it. When Giancarlo finds out, they return for Eugenio, but he is now lost. Meanwhile we're told the story of the child and his relation with the family, and why he feels unwanted.  After a long absence, Ulises, a theatrical author, returns to his home to be with his wife, Carlota, and their son. However, upon arriving in Madrid he discovers that Carlota has become a great theater actress and that she is sentimentally united to Miguel, a renowned playwright who copies the comedies that Ulysses himself had written. A biographical portrait of Daniel Patrick Moynihan, twentieth century colossus: public intellectual, policy specialist, ambassador, and NY senator. For his directing debut Ian Palach, Raymond Depardon, photographer and co-founder of photo agencies Gamma and Magnum, travelled to Prague in 1968. There, on 25 January, the Czechoslovak student Jan Palach was to be buried. A few days before, this young man had doused himself with gasoline and set himself on fire, in protest of the Russian occupation of Czechoslovakia and the purging of the members of the Prague Spring movement. Palach's political self-sacrifice does not remain without consequence for long. Although the government did its utmost to discourage the Czechoslovaks, 800,000 mourners gathered to form a long, impressive cortege as forceful evidence that Palach was not alone in his protest. A documentary essay film about coincidences, shattered lives and posthumous fame. A found footage family film about love and passion, friendship and heartbreak in Berlin between the wars. But  a film  also about self-sufficiency and recycling , about the green movement and the environment  - before these  notion s had yet been properly invented. And it  touches  the utopian potential of ideas that have lain buried in the ground of an island for the past 70 years. The film's protagonist, Martin Elsaesser, was one of the most prominent modernist architects of Weimar Germany. 13, a ludodrama on Walter Benjamin' is a documentary essay on the German philosopher Walter Benjamin. Divided into 13 small chapters, the film tells the stories of Benjamin's exile in Paris between 1933 and 1940. Juan Zi Nobie is on his deathbed and recounts the story of his past. The Evil Emperor fights the freedom fighters. In the present the emperor comes back and must be defeated again. A globetrotting South African businessman goes about his normal Christian life until the persecution of Christians around the world is brought to his attention. Through a series of circumstances, he learns about the pressure Christians are under in China and the Middle East, something he was unaware of...until now. Honing his craft as an indie filmmaker in Germany in the early 90s, Uwe Boll never could have imagined the life that lay before him. From working with Oscar-winning actors and making films with US$60million budgets to having actors publicly disparage him and online petitions demanding he stop making films, Boll continued to work; he has a filmography of 32 features, a career that has led to his new life as a successful high-end restauranteur. Already a cult legend, he will be remembered forever in the film world; for some, as a modern-day Ed Wood, who made films so bad, they're good, while for others, a prolific filmmaker who came from a small town in Germany and never compromised his integrity while forging his own unique Hollywood trajectory. After the appearance her uncle's remains, disappeared in Argentina military dictatorship, Valentina (documentary's director, born in jail) explores the stories of her grandmother-Mother of Plaza de Mayo and her mother-political prisoner- to find those memories that her mind does not seem to find. All The World's A Stage is about an actor who loses his sense of identity and feels he can no longer perform. Due to this loss, he decides to quit the play he is the star of - with devastating consequences. Classic film star and queer icon Montgomery Clift's legacy has long been a story of tragedy and self-destruction. But when his nephew dives into the family archives, a much more complicated picture emerges. Vivekananda is a 2017 Telugu film directed by Mani Shankar. The film stars  and Venkatesh in lead roles. Bilqis Abdul-Qaadir broke records and barriers on her way to become the first Division I athlete to play basketball while wearing hijab. When a controversial ruling ends her chances at playing professionally, she re-examines her faith and identity as a Muslim American. When a day in the life of a beleaguered Egyptian filmmaker goes sideways, he witnesses anew issues like class and gender relations. In this very personal and poetic film, veteran documentarian Serge Giguere pores through 100 letters written by his late mother to him and his 15 siblings. In them, she details the trials and tribulations of raising 16 children in rural Quebec, while helping to run a family carpentry business. Through inventive and playful techniques, Giguere brings the stories alive, applying creative approaches to family photographs, archival footage and staged reenactments. He mixes his mother's stories with his own memories and those of his siblings, some of whom hear for the first time what their mother had to say about them. Through these intertwining stories, the film presents not only a testament of a mother's complicated love for her many children, but also offers an intimate look at 1950s working class Quebec.  - Aisha Jamal (Hot Docs Film Festival) Urban architecture as seen through the eyes of four female veterans in the field. Actor who used to be a celebrity once upon a time, when he played in number of films and theatre shows, lives his elderly days monotonously... Up until he meets a girl wanting to become an actress. In their encounters actor revives his love affairs from his young age...  This personal and compelling portrait follows Gudrun Schyman, spokesperson of Sweden's Feminist Initiative political party, as she moves between small towns, refugee camps, and the corridors of power. A documentary about the Millennium Trilogy author Stieg Larsson and his pioneering work fighting right-wing extremists and neo-Nazis, an obsession with fatal consequences. Two girls have a chance encounter and instantly befriend. While trying to find themselves, they decide to pursue music together. MARCH WITH THE DEVIL is the true story of Dominiquie Vandenberg who became a martial arts champion at a very early age until a tragic accident took everything he loved and drove him into the French Foreign Legion Special Forces.  Vandenberg signed on for a five-year stint and saw engagement in Africa and Bosnia.  But his inner torment from his Legion days fueled his desire to become an advisor/soldier-for-hire. The biographies of Muhammad the Prophet of Islam and Qutbul Alam CM Muhammad Aboobacker Musliyar a sufi saint from India. A waiter is instructed by his boss to spy on the latter's woman with a camera and to catch her committing adultery. The film adaptation of Erik Jensen's award-winning biography of Adam Cullen is the story of the biographer and his subject, as it descends into a dependent and abusive relationship. The musical biography of the 1970s Hong Kong rock band The Wynners. Starting with their humble beginnings as band causing noise in the neighborhood, through to their career of massive stars throughout Asia. Jim Slater's father (whom he never knew) died in the Apache ambush at Gila Valley, and Jim is searching for the one survivor, who supposedly went for help but disappeared with a lot of gold. In the process, he gets several people gunning for him, and he keeps meeting liberated woman Karyl Orton, who may be on a similar mission. Renewed Apache hostilities and an impending range war provide complications. Here comes DEATH's probing and pulsing rock doc, DEATH BY METAL, pulling back the palm fronds of DEATH's origins in Altamonte Springs, Florida, and latching a narrative hook into the headstrong Chuck Schuldiner juggernaut for fifteen gratifying if sometimes frustrating years. As the baby steps become giant leaps, the stable of supporting players grows and continually shines in its own devious light. In the fall of 2011, Comedian Joey Coco Diaz went to his network of friends on Facebook and Twitter for donations to help produce a Documentary of where Diaz had come from and the result was this.....Where I got My Balls From! A short film showing Diaz in his hometown of North Bergen, New Jersey and the people that made it home for him after the death of his mother at a young age.  Its not an Academy award winner but its got a lot of heart because its real and you feel it. Director Lee Syatt shows you what makes this unique comedian tick! Detective Hazel Micallef hasn't had much to worry about in the sleepy town of Port Dundas until a string of gruesome murders in the surrounding countryside brings her face to face with a serial killer driven by a higher calling. Jonathan Agassi is a superstar in the world of gay porn. He lives the wild life in Berlin and Tel Aviv, where he works in films and live shows and has a second job as an escort. Sex, drugs and rock 'n' roll - and all of it in large quantities. But the industry is tough, and behind the confident smile is an insecure boy with an absent father and a very close relationship to his broad-minded mother. The contrast to the superficial success grows and grows, but in the world of porn there is no room for crises. Here, you must deliver the goods, every single time - and every single day. Otherwise you are done. The identity crisis is smouldering, Agassi is floundering and drugs become tempting as an easy way out. But how long can he hold onto himself? Over the course of eight years, and with much mutual trust, the director Tomer Heymann has followed Agassi right up to the culmination of his life's biggest crisis.  New Zealand film archivist Heperi Mita traces the cinematic legacy of his mother and trailblazing Maori filmmaker Merata Mita. Based on investigations by independent journalists, the film documents the origins of Russian President Vladimir Putin's private wealth and subsequent rise to power, demonstrating his ascension to the Russian presidency after an alliance built in the early 1990s between himself, certain friends from Leningrad's KGB, and mafia groups. TV documentary about American film director Wes Anderson A celebration of the life and career of one of America's most influential and celebrated filmmakers and comedians, Buster Keaton, whose singular style and fertile output during the silent era created his legacy as a true cinematic visionary. I have returned to the island were I grew up. My dad has spent thirty years alone at sea fishing lobster. He was taught the trade by his dad, who learnt from his dad. A heritage pasted down from father to son. My father never got a son, only daughters and since I was a girl no one assumed I was interested. After I turned eighteen I left Sweden and moved to Australia. After a decade abroad I started to long for home. I return to the island to see if I have it in me, can I learn the things I was never taught as a child? Will the legacy fade with me or can I become the family's next lobster fisherman? /Karolin Axelsson The inspiring story of three women risking their lives to incite political, activist, and armed uprisings in Afghanistan, Syria, and Iraq. How many times can we change our life? How often are we willing to follow our nature to the fullest? To what extent do we know how to listen to ourselves and relate to others, different, but equal to us in depth? Simone (Simon in Italian) was born with female genitalia and he always felt himself as being male. He started questioning his gender since his childhood but as a teenager that conflict became unbearable. This journey led him to achieve a new, crucial stage: transitioning from woman to man. At the age of 40 Simone realizes that despite the sex change, still he does not feel happy at all. A reverse journey was needed from the inside. He quits a job that he didn't like and decides to move from his native Caserta in Southern Italy to the Umbria region, in Central Italy, in order to learn to love himself and get rid of his cages. Simone understands how to pursue his own freedom through a deep contact with Nature: his and that of others. A coming of age journey set in the quirky subculture of magic, this film follows six of the world's best young magicians as they battle for the title of Teen World Champion.  Based loosely on the real-life story of the World War I spy. The exotic dancer uses her contacts in European high society, along with her seductive charm, to collect military secrets during the war. She successfully plays both sides against each other until at last her deceptions catch up with her. A detailed account of the period in modern Spanish history when the nation's greatest romantic poet, Gustavo Adolfo Becquer, resided amongst the witches in the township of Trasmoz, the only officially damned village in Spain. Mylene is spending her birthday evening at work, just like any other day. But this night has more than one surprise in store for her. A portrait of controversial Breitbart honcho and Donald Trump advisor, Stephen K. Bannon. Mikhail Gorbachev, former president of the Soviet Union, sits down with filmmaker Werner Herzog to discuss his many achievements. Topics include the talks to reduce nuclear weapons, the reunification of Germany and the dissolution of his country. Leo Vincey receives a map from his late father, leading him to the legendary city of Kor in search of an explanation for his mysterious ancestry. He is accompanied by his girlfriend Roxanne. He discovers that he is the only descendant of an Egyptian priest who had been executed for the crime of falling in love with the Egyptian Princess. The ruling queen Ayesha, or rather She, is the same Egyptian Princess of centuries ago, her beauty and youth look being preserved by magic. She becomes convinced that Leo is the reincarnation of her former lover, and wants to kill him. Leo and Roxanne will have to fight against surprise attacks on them, but survival in that foreign land with strange customs, is difficult. Leo is terribly attracted to She's beauty, but at the same time he fears for her obscure spirit, and finally he must take a decision - to run away from her, or to love her and die. When he was an infant, he suffered from the 'Spider Mites of Jesus' (his mother couldn't pronounce spinal meningitis). This caused mental challenges that resulted in his lifelong illiteracy. At 13, he began selling his body on the streets as a drag prostitute. When he was arrested, he took a dump in the back of the police car, leading the cops to give him the moniker: Dirtwoman. Since then he's run for mayor, gotten kicked out of the inauguration of America's first black governor (Douglas Wilder), posed for his own pin-up calendar (weighing in at 350 pounds), offered crabs from his crotch for a GWAR video and hosted the annual Hamaganza fundraiser that provided 'Hams for the Hamless.' When he died last year at 65, it was on the front page, top-of-the-fold of the Richmond Times-Dispatch and was featured nationally on NPR. This story is somewhat in the nature of a poetical fantasy, and may be construed as the spectator pleases. It is the story of a wanderer who prefers to seek, through his flute, the spirit of truth, that he may give it out into the world as he passes through his various journeys and experiences in life and thus make earth a better and fairer place. He prefers this to the perpetual strife for gain. A documentary about World War I with never-before-seen footage to commemorate the centennial of Armistice Day, and the end of the war. In her striking portrait of Chippewa female mixed martial artist Ashley Nichols, Caroline Monnet eloquently demonstrates and celebrates the athlete's inner strength, fortitude, and dedication to her physical and spiritual health. Photographer Stephen Wilkes creates an intimate portrait of his mentor, Jay Maisel, as he leaves the 30,000 square foot building in the Bowery that he's inhabited and filled with his eccentric collection of beautiful random objects for the last 40 years - known as 'The Bank.' El Pepe, una vida suprema is a documentary on the life of Uruguayan politician and former guerrilla fighter Jose Mujica, A documentary on Pauline Julien, singer and political activist. A pioneer in the world of rock-'n'-roll guitar, Chuck Berry has created a legacy that spans decades. Berry performs some of his greatest hits and all-time favorites in this concert video that was filmed on September 13, 1969 at 'Toronto Rock'n'Roll Revival.' The Concert includes the songs "Rock and Roll Music," "Long Live Rock and Roll," "Johnny B. Goode," "Promised Land," "Carol," "Hoochie Koochie Man," "Maybellene," "Too Much Monkey Business," "Reelin' and Rockin'," "Sweet Little Sixteen" and "In the Wee, Wee Hours." James Bond returns as the secret agent 007 one more time to battle the evil organization SPECTRE. Bond must defeat Largo, who has stolen two atomic warheads for nuclear blackmail. But Bond has an ally in Largo's girlfriend, the willowy Domino, who falls for Bond and seeks revenge. This is the last time for Sean Connery as Her Majesty's Secret Agent 007. Made outside of the traditional Broccoli production environment due to separate rights having been obtained for this specific Ian Fleming story. In the year 2000, 30-year-old Mariah Carey was the most successful female recording artist of all time. In September that year she began filming Glitter, her pet project, a film based on her childhood and her extraordinary rise to fame. But 12 months later she'd suffered a complete emotional and physical breakdown and her career lay in ruins. On the eve of 1987's Second National March on Washington for Lesbian and Gay Rights, surviving families and friends of people who have died of AIDS prepare panels to be added to a large-scale memorial quilt project. Drawing from the sea of names memorialized, director Robert Epstein focuses on the lives of six people. Alongside the intimate profiles offered, through news footage and interviews, Epstein puts the AIDS crisis in the larger context of social and government response to the disease. Louis Maltais loves challenges. At 27, this ex-circus artist begins his training to become the first male midwife in Quebec. During 4 years, the movie follows Louis on his initiatory journey. Beyond midwifery, it tells a universal tale. A tale of transformation, about a man who, despite ordeals, doubts, and misconceptions, is determined to live out his passion. A college professor travels to New York City to attend a conference and finds a young couple living in his apartment. Sandra Arana lived in comfort and affluence in beloved Nicaragua. In 1979, the Sandinistas radically changed her homeland. In silent shots, Lurf offers a clip-like depiction of the Morris Reservoir near the Californian city of Azusa - a huge reservoir, which long served as a testing site for torpedoes , or rather, underwater warfare. RECONNAISSANCE targets details of the terrain in a seemingly motionless way, to unfold a subtle play with light and movement within this "framing." Spain, under Philip IV (1621-1665). The film is based on a novel by Gonzalo Torrente Ballester. The King (Gabino Diego) is stunned to see the naked body of Marfisa (Laura del Sol), the most beautiful prostitute of the town and Court. After that, he also wants to see the Queen (Anne Roussel) naked. However, the King, despite the opposition and the scandal of the Church, will not stop until he reaches his wishes. After a tragic accident at sea, Eben Cole loses his family, friends and stature in his island fishing community. He returns to the island an outcast but determined to win back the way of life he fought so hard to protect. Set against the stunning backdrop of the Maine coast, Islander captures the grit and integrity of this hard working community and celebrates man's unerring need for redemption. Two disconnected sisters are summoned to clean out their childhood bedrooms before their parents sell their family home. A courageous and determined young woman talks about her experiences going through Female Genital Mutilation and the need to undergo a reconstructive surgery on her genitals. At any given moment in any mans life there are always three women involved... A young man with charisma and magnetism enters the atmosphere of tropical music as a romantic singer and undertakes a vertiginous ascent to fame. THE UNIMAGINABLE JOURNEY OF PETER ERTEL is an unflinching account of the life of a man who defied insurmountable odds in an unforgiving environment and who later found peace in Cleveland, Ohio. This film combines re-creation storytelling with Ertel's own brave recounting of his harrowing years in the Nazi army, meeting his wife's family (also members of the German resistance), surviving the Russian Winter, and then being accepted into a Jewish company in Ohio. Ertel grew up with a poet's mind and an artist's curiosity, and this film conveys these sensibilities--the very traits that saved his life on so many occasions--with a tale so bold, brave, and beautiful it will restore your faith that humanity can survive even the darkest of days.  Pippi Olivia Norgaard Skov has created an intimate and personal portrait of his great brother Mads Holger, who took his own life in the summer of 2016 at the age of 38 years. Mads Holger was known as a lively entrepreneur, debutor and provocator who, with his sharp pen and big arm movements, unmistakably impressed Copenhagen and the public debate in Denmark Ivan Cankar experienced many things only after he has written about them. In the film, this link between his writing and his private life is depicted by live-action and animated scenes that draw exclusively on the writer's works and letters to his loved ones. For an entire decade, he lived with the Loffler family in Vienna, where he wrote most of his impressive oeuvre. First, he grew very close to the lady of the house, then to her adolescent daughter Steffi. Back in Ljubljana, he got involved with several girls there, an attentive lover of a cheerful nature, accessible and highly intelligent. His popular public lectures reveal him as a passionate social democrat. The Secret Diary of Simon Petliura takes an unprecedented look at the short-lived Ukrainian People's Republic, which declared an independent Ukraine in 1918, and the later assassination of the UNR's chairman, Symon Petliura in Paris in 1926, orchestrated by the Kremlin at the start of the Soviet occupation of Ukraine. A look at the story through the prism of the present. Artists in front of the audience reincarnate in the heroes of the film (the poet Vladimir Mayakovsky; the women he loved and left him; the friends who admired him and backed away from him; the ruthless "Knights of the Revolution" who proclaimed him his banner) and lead the viewer "to" Mayakovsky, forcing him to live his love, creative, and human drama as his own. Noni Jean is a hot new rising star. But not all is what it seems, and the pressure causes Noni to nearly fall apart - until she meets Kaz Nicol, a promising young cop and aspiring politician who's been assigned to her detail. Can Kaz's love give Noni the courage to find her own voice and break free to become the artist she was meant to be?  An intimate and provoking portrait of Lord Paul Smith, quirky designer and formidable businessman, through exclusive access to a poet of British fashion. Paul Smith has 400 shops and outlets in 35 countries, 12 clothing lines, 400 million Euros in yearly revenues, sales topping Chanel's, partnerships with Evian, Apple, and Austin, and prestigious bicycle and race car brands. The secret of his success? Who is Paul Smith? How has he managed to get millions of men interested in fashion? How did a modest man from Nottingham become synonymous with elegance in men's fashion? Incredible coverage of 4 years in the office of the Swedish foreign minister, Margot Wallstrom, known for her fearless feminist agenda and sharp, empathic mind. We witness her arduous negotiations with Saudi Arabia, Israel and South Korea, as well as a highly competitive campaign for a seat in the UNSC, followed by a crash course in keeping it cool in the face of death threats and intimidation. A man visits his parent's wedding anniversary and is sucked into an alternate reality. AeroPress Movie is a documentary revealing the story of AeroPress - from its inventor's workshop in California to the stages of the AeroPress Championships around the world. It explores what makes people so excited about this odd looking yet iconic coffee maker.  Steven Gerrard became perhaps the greatest player in the history of Liverpool FC, but did so when success and trophies were declining. It became his personal mission to lift the famous club back to the top. That loyalty raised him to God-like status with Liverpool fans, but was an unbearable burden, bringing with it a profound sense of responsibility to live up to their and his own expectations. London, June 29th, 1613. The Globe Theater, ran by the famous playwright William Shakespeare, accidentally burns to ashes. Seriously affected, he stops writing and returns to his hometown, where his wife Anne and daughters Judith and Susanna get surprised to hear he intends to stay there definitively, after two decades working in the capital, neglecting his sincere affections for them. Discover the meteoric rise of Elon Musk, the man who is transforming the way we think about travel technology through electric cars, the Hyperloop, and revolutionary ideas on how we live through artificial intelligence and colonizing Mars. 2016 marked a revolution in American politics when a political novice upended the entrenched political classes on both sides of the aisle, and achieved a stunning victory for the forgotten men and women of the nation.  Running on a common-sense platform of America First, a revitalized economy, tax cuts, a reinvigorated foreign policy, and a promise to reestablish American sovereignty with immigration reforms, Donald Trump ignited a dormant passion in the hearts of his supporters, and won the presidency in what was arguably the most significant election campaigns in our nation's history.  Trump @War is a retelling of that story and a look forward to the high-stakes midterm election in November, which will help cement his legacy, good or bad. Beldar and Sonja, a couple of thieves belonging to the legendary world of sword and sorcery, steal a precious stone shaped like a human heart in the gloomy crypt of the Order of the Thousand Eyes, an evil sect of powerful wizards. To flee the scene realize that the gem is cursed and sent them his spell. After losing consciousness, Beldar awakens in another world, metamorphosed into the body of a teenager of sixteen Madrid eaten by acne. On April 18th, 2017, Larry Bassett refused to pay federal income taxes on over $1 Million, becoming the top tax resister in US history. In his defiance, he wrote letters to U.S. government agencies and representatives, announcing that his conscience will not allow him to pay for the US war machine. He knows that breaking the law will bring retribution from the government, and he accepts the consequences of his actions. In fact, he's begging for their retaliation as his family and neighbors worry about his safety. A fireman takes an unexpected course of action when a man whom he's been ordered to testify against--after being held up at a local convenience store--threatens him. The author Carl-Goran Ekerwald has written more than 50 books. At the age of 87, a new chapter in his life begins when he meets the journalist and author Sigrid Kahle. Ekerwald is a man of eductation and lust. Two filmmakers attempt to make a documentary about an anonymous phone-work artist called Longmont Potion Castle who's been releasing albums of surreal and hilarious pranks for over thirty years. In spite of a semi-successful crowdfunding campaign and the involvement of celebrity fans, the filmmakers succumb to their own infighting and bad luck leaving an unpaid camera operator to finish the film. The wind whips the Caribbean Sea over the railing of the 'Malecon', where fishermen stand and cast their fishing rods, while kissing lovers photograph themselves. On the mouldy facades of formerly magnificent buildings on the waterfront, wet laundry has been hanging for days, unwilling to dry. It is winter in Havana. Four people, four destinies in a unique city. Accompanied by magical images of picturesque architecture and nature, far removed from the advertisements promising romance, sun, beach, cigars and vintage nostalgia. The film offers insights into the reality of life of the idiosyncratic, socialist island state that is still under the embargo of the United States, to which the Cubans respond with solidarity and zest for life, with a clenched fist on the outstretched arm calling 'Viva la Revolucion'. In this hybrid-documentary, a diverse cast of young queer people retell five stories from Melbourne's queer community to create a snapshot of our collective history. More Than Life is the fifth live praise and worship album by Hillsong United. The CD comes with a free DVD which includes documentary footage, interviews and 'behind the scenes'. Documentary about the dancer Sol Pico. From the dancer under the spotlight to her reality behind the scenes, the documentary approaches Sol Pico's daily life at a crucial moment in her career after winning the National Dance Award. Also  it goes across Sol Pico's artistic career, from the beginning of her performance, to the street theatre and, finally, her artistic consolidation and the creation of her own company. Her work is characterized by showing a strong and brave woman but who is not afraid of showing her weaknesses without taboos. The project also brings the artist's more personal side closer: the difficulties of growing up as a dancer, the difficulties of creation and how to face her career after turning 50. An inventor (John Garfield) and his bride (Anne Shirley) get testy in the city as they try to make ends meet. This documentary recounts the life of the late composer Michel Legrand, known for his works on Les Parapluies de Cherbourg or Les Demoiselles De Rochefort with the famous director Jacques Demy. Five identical brothers embark on a life-long struggle for personal independence from one another. This is the inspiring true story of a community who took care of each other during life's greatest storms. It's the tale of how one journalist shed light on his community when nature and the rest of the world left them in darkness. What will you give me if I give you financial support? It's hard to believe Hee-jeong is old enough to have a son (Seong-bin) in university. She needs some kind of stimulant in life, so she starts meetings under conditions. Yeon-hee, Hee-jeong's friend who runs a cafe, is a killer for younger men. Hee-jeong sends her son Seong-bin to work in Yeon-hee's cafe... Yeon-hee thinks of her friend's son as meat... Hee-jeong ends up meeting with her son's friend and fate decides to play a game. Evgeny Granilshchikov's debut full-length film pursues the exploration of the social and political landscape of contemporary Russia started in his short video works and drawings about a decade ago. Like in many of his previous works, Granilshchikov's characters are young creatives, whose lives and careers develop to a backdrop of current political affairs. Mohammed, the son of a simple worker, lives in the city of Alexandria with his father and dreams of moving to Cairo to become a filmmaker. In Cairo, Mohammed meets Salma and Bassam and is impressed by their self-confidence. When he discovers that Salma and Bassam's parents were left-wing activists from the 1970s, he looks for a similar sense of purpose in his own father's life. As he compares lives, Mohammed the filmmaker discovers answers. More importantly, he is led to new questions that connect the past with the present. "Code of Tumas " is an effort to show the well-known events and processes of history through the eyes of a direct person with a subjective and emotional look. Letters, publicism, all creations of Juozas Tumas Vaizgantas, also memories of his contemporaries make this reconstruction possible. The amazing, true story of a Uruguayan rugby team's plane that crashed in the middle of the Andes mountains, and their immense will to survive and pull through alive, forced to do anything and everything they could to stay alive on meager rations and through the freezing cold. A walk through the life and career of the French artist Christine "Moonface" Spengler, a legendary photographer, one of the few female war reporters in the seventies, also a writer and surrealist painter, who has worked in Chad, Northern Ireland, Vietnam, Cambodia, Afghanistan, Lebanon, Iran, Iraq and other places where unfortunately war and death prevailed for years. This is her story, told in her own words. Young Penny goes on a retreat with her psychologist; the intention is to help her overcome her phobia, an intense fear of cars. Unexpected events find her in a nightmarish situation where her worst fears come true. The extraordinary journey of an ordinary girl who became a Heroine. An ex-con reunites with his estranged wayward 16-year old daughter to protect her from drug dealers who are trying to kill her. This brisk, engaging documentary surveys the life, work, and legacy of Vittorio Gassman, the Italian screen icon who began his illustrious career as a serious dramatic stage actor before going on to subvert that image in classic works of commedia all'italiana by Mario Monicelli (Big Deal on Madonna Street), Dino Risi (Il Sorpasso), and Ettore Scola (We All Loved Each Other So Much). Through a wealth of interviews, film clips, and archival footage, Sono Gassman! reveals how Gassman's comedic screen persona cannily reflected and critiqued mid-20th-century Italian society, while shedding light on the complex inner life of the man himself. 