Village born Lalloo re-locates to Bombay, and returns a wealthy man. He goes to meet his friend, Shankar alias Bhompu, and together they meet and share tales, mostly about women, sex, and playboy magazines' pictures. A Bollywood movie director is shooting a film nearby, and they go and meet him and his beautiful actress, Urvashi. After meeting Urvashi, Shankar feigns a racking cough, and tells his family that he must go to Bombay, and seek medical treatment. Together he and Lalloo take the next train to Bombay to see if they can find the biggest happiness in life. The film revolves around the concept of soap opera. Its structure is based on the assumption that Chilean reality does not exist, but rather is an ensemble of soap operas. An esteemed piano tuner and repairer, Jacobo leads an apparently happy life with his wife, Helena. His serene existence is thrown into a state of confusion when insomnia creeps in, and pianos that previously repaired miraculously overnight remain unfixed. Jacobo plunges into paranoia and madness, hearing noises during the night and having ephemeral visions of a stranger roaming the house in a dressing gown. Helena reassuringly denies anything out of the ordinary, and suspiciously insists he is hallucinating. Is the life we think safe and secure true, or is there a second reality lurking? THE MOST IMPORTANT THING IN LIFE IS NOT BEING DEAD is a tale of betrayal and forgiveness in a rich musical universe, set against the Franco era, a period of political deceit and distorted reality in Spain. Playfully, the tragicomedy questions our perception of reality and the vulnerability of our human condition. Simple-minded Joseph Briteman breaks a golden rule of his 'life skills' program when he walks away unsupervised to rescue his long lost baby sister. The evil Brand X joins a supermarket that becomes a city after closing time. Scandals and pratfalls abound in this satirical and sexy look at the silent movie era. With Jennifer Tilly, Debi Mazar, and Tippi Hedren. Darren gets stood up on the day of his wedding and uses his vacation tickets with his best friend, RJ, to spend his "honeymoon" at a Club Med-style resort. Alienated, hopeful-filmmaker Pat Johnson's epic story growing up in rural Illinois, falling in love, and becoming the first fan of the movie that changed everything. To land a role in the movie Hooker X, Asian American actress Windy (Cheryl Ling) researches what life is like as a prostitute. After being mistaken for a real call girl by undercover cops, Windy runs into trouble with a group of thugs and a huge wrestler. Poking fun at the entertainment industry as well as Asian stereotypes, this independent comedy co-stars Pat Morita, Martin Kove and Dean Haglund. Travis and his sister, Whitney, visit their grandparents for the summer and fall through a magical portal which transports him to the world of American hero Paul Bunyan and his big, blue, talking ox, Babe.  A timid magazine photo manager who lives life vicariously through daydreams embarks on a true-life adventure when a negative goes missing. After an accident at the hair salon, Violet realizes she's not living life to the fullest. A soulful barber helps her put the pieces back together. While trying to save their childhood orphanage, Moe, Larry and Curly inadvertently stumble into a murder plot and wind up starring in a reality TV show. An art curator decides to seek revenge on his abusive boss by conning him into buying a fake Monet, but his plan requires the help of an eccentric and unpredictable Texas rodeo queen. The Queen of Sheba Meets the Atom Man" is a high art underground film made on a super-low budget, silent, and in black and white. Filmmaker Ron Rice announced it as a three-hour epic, but the longest cut of the footage works out to 108 minutes and that was not achieved until 20 years after the film was made.  Taylor Mead completed the film in 1982. A woman who is robbed on her way to catch the 1:30 train to Boston is left stranded in New York City. She meets a man who helps her during the course of the night and the two form a romance. Sketch comedy anthology. TV commercials, movie and politics are parodied. Stars Pat Morita An engaging look at the grass-roots movement that indelibly changed the landscape of American conservatism, Party crashers offers a clear and balanced chronicle of the rise of The Tea Party. Founding members recount the movement's beginnings and how the resonance of a viral video and the power of social media led to the explosive growth of the first conservative protest movement of the internet age. Also interviewed: Sen. Rand Paul, Sharron Angle, Rolling Stone's Matt Taibbi, the late Andrew Breitbart, Stephen Baldwin, and authors Prof. Christopher Parker and Prof. Thaddeus Russell among others. The film also takes an in-depth look at the criticisms and controversies surrounding the movement. Four lost souls--a disgraced TV presenter, a foul-mouthed teen, an isolated single mother and a solipsistic muso--decide to end their lives on the same night, New Year's Eve. When this disillusioned quartet of strangers meet unintentionally at the same suicide hotspot, a London high-rise with the well-earned nickname Topper's Tower, they mutually agree to call off their plans for six weeks, forming an unconventional, dysfunctional family and becoming media sensations as the Topper House Four and searching together for the reasons to keep on living. Alan Partridge has had many ups and downs in life--national television broadcaster; responsible for killing a guest on live TV; local radio broadcaster; nervous breakdown in Dundee; and a self-published book that was subsequently recalled and pulped. Alan tries to salvage his public career while negotiating a potentially violent turn of events at North Norfolk Digital Radio. Tells the comedic tale of Eddie Mannix, a fixer who worked for the Hollywood studios in the 1950s. The story finds him at work when a star mysteriously disappears in the middle of filming. Armed with the astonishing ability to shrink in scale but increase in strength, master thief Scott Lang must embrace his inner-hero and help his mentor, Doctor Hank Pym, protect the secret behind his spectacular Ant-Man suit from a new generation of towering threats. Against seemingly insurmountable obstacles, Pym and Lang must plan and pull off a heist that will save the world.  In the quiet family town of Suburbicon during the 1950s, the best and worst of humanity is hilariously reflected through the deeds of seemingly ordinary people. When a home invasion turns deadly, a picture-perfect family turns to blackmail, revenge and murder. The adventures of two California Highway Patrol motorcycle officers as they make their rounds on the freeways of Los Angeles. A slacker hatches a million-dollar idea. But, in order to see it through, he has to learn to trust his attractive corporate counterpart. Based on Max Barry's novel. Jack McCall is a fast-talking literary agent, who can close any deal, any time, any way. He has set his sights on New Age guru Dr. Sinja (Cliff Curtis) for his own selfish purposes. But Dr. Sinja is on to him, and Jack's life comes unglued after a magical Bodhi tree mysteriously appears in his backyard. With every word Jack speaks, a leaf falls from the tree and he realizes that when the last leaf falls, both he and the tree are toast. Words have never failed Jack McCall, but now he's got to stop talking and conjure up some outrageous ways to communicate or he's a goner. Astronaut Scorch Supernova finds himself caught in a trap when he responds to an SOS from a notoriously dangerous alien planet. An eighteen year old high school drop out and his twenty-seven year old friend start trafficking marijuana across the border of Canada in order to make money and their lives are changed forever. An act of betrayal throws a young couple's marriage into jeopardy in this romantic drama featuring Richard Belzer and Ice-T. An orphaned boy raised by underground creatures called Boxtrolls comes up from the sewers and out of his box to save his family and the town from the evil exterminator, Archibald Snatcher. After breaking up with his longtime stage partner, a famous but jaded Vegas magician fights for relevance when a new, "hip" street magician appears on the scene. Two stages of a Dominican-American's life; first as a boy trying to bond with his young mother, then a 21-year-old looking for love in New York City. A recently slain cop joins a team of undead police officers working for the Rest in Peace Department and tries to find the man who murdered him. Based on the comic by Peter M. Lenkov. Home with their newly-formed family, happy parents Dan and Jody are haunted by sinister, paranormal activities. Determined to expel the insidious force, they install security cameras and discover their family is being stalked by an evil dead demon. Earl Stone, a man in his eighties, is broke, alone, and facing foreclosure of his business when he is offered a job that simply requires him to drive. Easy enough, but, unbeknownst to Earl, he's just signed on as a drug courier for a Mexican cartel. He does so well that his cargo increases exponentially, and Earl hit the radar of hard-charging DEA agent Colin Bates. Two brothers compete in their own private 25-event Olympics. A rock & roll romantic comedy centered on an eclectic group of Greenwich Village East residents, led by the intellectual slacker Dex and the passionate Bohemian rock-star-in-the-making, Max. Their grunge chic New York group's divergent backgrounds and views serve to highlight how the pursuit of love, in all its forms and manifestations remains the driving force behind our lives, regardless of age, race, culture, religion or sexual orientation. The journey is punctuated by an original, pulsating soundtrack and live band performances by the all girl group MaxiTit and its faithful lesbian following. Six children genetically cross-bred with avian DNA, complete with wings, take flight around the country to discover their origins. Caravaggio's tortured life, his murder and the journey of his soul. After he flunks a fertility test, a man realizes that the only way he can get his wife pregnant is by robbing a sperm bank to take back the last of the deposits he made there years earlier. A young man living a sheltered life develops a crush on a stripper and joins her Alcoholics Anonymous group just so he can be in the same room with her. A fateful meeting with a mysterious stranger inspires Pee-wee Herman to take his first-ever holiday. Welcome to Hotel Transylvania, Dracula's lavish five-stake resort, where monsters and their families can live it up and no humans are allowed. One special weekend, Dracula has invited all his best friends to celebrate his beloved daughter Mavis's 118th birthday. For Dracula catering to all of these legendary monsters is no problem but the party really starts when one ordinary guy stumbles into the hotel and changes everything! Four couples, all friends, descend on a tropical island resort. Though one husband and wife are there to work on their marriage, the others just want to enjoy some fun in the sun. They soon find, however, that paradise comes at a price: Participation in couples therapy sessions is mandatory. What started out as a cut-rate vacation turns into an examination of the common problems many face. An aging, skateboarding veterinarian Sir Billi goes above and beyond the call of duty fighting villainous policemen and powerful lairds in a battle to save an illegal fugitive - Bessie Boo the beaver! When an international border dispute arises between the U.S. and Canada, the Super Troopers- Mac, Thorny, Foster, Rabbit and Farva, are called in to set up a new Highway Patrol station in the disputed area. Interpol Inspector Zenigata begins a world-wide hunt for the infamous thief Lupin The 3rd. But together, they face a powerful enemy and form the Lupin team in response. The Lupin team then faces the challenge of retrieving the "Crimson Heart of Cleopatra" locked away in a fort like safe. The treasure is thought to allow its owner to control the world. A young boy and his dog, who happens to have a genius-level IQ, spring into action when their time-travel machine is stolen and moments in history begin to be changed. Smitten with a Jewish woman, a gentile asks his Jewish pal to advise him on how to act like a member of the community. The ghost of Hamlet's father orders him to kill his uncle, and the easily distracted prince makes up a bunch of excuses to avoid doing it. Boyd Mitchler and his family must spend Christmas with his estranged family of misfits. Upon realizing that he left all his son's gifts at home, he hits the road with his dad in an attempt to make the 8-hour round trip before sunrise. Set in 1974, a pair of '60s radicals rely on their bomb-making skills on their way to becoming capitalists. Each member of a group of people has a connection to a self-help book authored by a reclusive former football coach. No overview given. HITCHCOCK follows the relationship between director Alfred Hitchcock and his wife Alma Reville during the making of his most famous film, PSYCHO, and the trials and tribulations the director faced from Hollywood censors. Directed by Joel Lamangan, "The Significant Other" follows the story of a rising fashion model (Erich Gonzales) who catches up and becomes BFFs with her catwalk idol (Lovi Poe). But all hell breaks lose when they realize that they are in love with the same man (Tom Rodriguez). A struggling and publicly disgraced Hollywood icon gets another shot at mega stardom when he is hired to star and direct an action movie in Uzbekistan. Again Max is forced into marriage. If he doesn't marry soon he won't get any more money from his uncle. As all three candidates refuse his proposal he talks his servant into playing the bride. He manages to fool his uncle and both get actually married. As soon as he holds in his hands the treaty that grants him a huge amount of money the hurry home. When his uncle pays them a visit they are found out.    An adventurous road trip of two lovers is being captured on camera by a crazy video crew, along with an insane group of musicians who intend to turn this footage into a music video for a music company contract. Liu (Stephen Fung) awaits execution after he is convicted of murdering his friends. According to Chinese superstition, the souls of the dead have 49 days to wander the earth before going to heaven or hell for an eternity. Liu and his lawyer (Gilian Chung) must find a way to intersect with the spirits to prove his innocence.  After their friend is killed by a supernatural monster, the Network tries to avenge their late friend by finding how to stop it. In this Sci-Fi Thriller Comedy, Jake McCoy, Nick Ingrassia and Nick Palazzo find out what friendship really means.  The Grutarally is a field trip in Israel, but unlike jeep tours, the journey is based on old vehicles whose total cost does not exceed NIS 3,500.This is not a competitive journey, the junctions are going unevenly, breaking down and crashing on the stones and dirt. The band, "Kid's Eating Trash", broke up three years earlier and is now going to a reunion show, which has lost its way and the Grutarally caravan is helping them. The band is final. The film is a comedy entertainer where Angad is a child adopted by two fathers. Angad has to fulfill wishes of both his fathers, be it eating breakfast or picking clothes. There comes a time in his life when two girls fall for him and he cannot choose who will be the love of his life. A transgender sex worker in her late 40s along Fields Avenue whose only aspiration is to have breast implants for her profession unexpectedly assumes the role of a mother to her orphaned niece, a transgender youth who is only beginning to discover her own sexuality. As she works more shifts to save for her implants, troubles arise when she begins to feel the weight of her struggles - being an aging sex worker in fast-evolving society, a partner to her young fiance, and a parent to a teenager she just met. Her difficult confrontations eventually lead her to a new attitude towards life, and a unique recipe to a famous Kapampangan dish, Sisig. Standup special recorded in 2003 at the H Bar &amp; Restaurant in Hollywood, California. ASUANG, the God of Sins, was once a ruthless and fickle God of Bicol, but now he is a loner and a loser who has no place in the world that is overrun by sinful human beings. He resorted to social media to regain his former glory and fame but to no avail. On his track to retirement, he was approached by the Seers to help them stop Armageddon. Along with a group of sinful misfits, Asuang will go on a quest, against his nature, to help mankind... Or so he thinks he will. A young wannabe musician  who discovers he has bitten off more than he can chew when he joins an eccentric pop band led by the mysterious and enigmatic Frank. It was love at first sight when Johari, a Casanova and former "Mat Rempit", meets Zizie, a hijabster known for her cold attitude towards men. In pursuit to woo Zizie, Johari puts on a hijab and pretend to be his own "younger sister", Johanna, with the intention to get close to her. In a series of unfortunate turn of events, not only did Johari attract Zizie's attention, he pretty much attracted her whole family! As a man he attracted Zizie's sexually-confused brother and lonely mother, while his demure "feminine" side attracted her cheeky father. Stranded in an Arctic mine, two survivors are forced to fight for their lives against a new kind of terror. A movie of Ly Hai Director (Vietnamese) A man's attempts to repay a kindness earns him the wrath of a ruthless gangster who just wants to be left alone to continue his illegal dealings. It's 1938, but Stan doesn't know the war is over; he's still patrolling the trenches in France, and shoots down a French aviator. Oliver sees his old chum's picture in the paper and goes to visit Stan who has now been returned to the States and invites him back to his home. Two middle-aged couples arrive at Noah's marriage counselor, who runs a country house. The couples have come to get help but it turns out that Noah has planned the meeting to reveal a secret, which will have major consequences. These two Don Quixote's set out to do good in the world through crass yet innocent means and by fluke, and simple desire, they actually do good. "Doing good doesn't always look good." On the day before Easter in 1911, Don Hewes is crushed when his dancing partner (and object of affection) Nadine Hale refuses to start a new contract with him. To prove Nadine's not important to him, Don acquires innocent new protegee Hannah Brown, vowing to make her a star in time for next year's Easter parade. Justice M.K. Roy is a traditional and orthodox gentleman, who is unable to understand nor appreciate the carelessness of today's youth. He has brought up his daughter, Shobha, with these same traditions, and he hopes to get her married in a good household. To his shock and dismay, Shobha is in love with Ramesh Saxena, an unemployed youth, who has no respect for tradition. Justice Roy is opposed to any alliance with Ramesh in any way whatsoever, until and unless Ramesh gets a suitable and respectable job, and learns to respect tradition. Ramesh does get a job with a textile mill, and gets a bonus payment, which is to be presented to him in an open ceremony, presided over by Justice Roy. When the bonus payment is being handed over to Ramesh, a woman comes forward and claims that Ramesh is her husband, who had abandoned her soon after their marriage. 2016 Telugu Movie This is people hanging around a lemonade stand but instead of lemons it's mangos. This isn't some lyrical expression of their aimless, longing-filled youth. At Mangoshake, alternate perspectives of angst will collide--with that a chance at some humility and actual connection. A feature film based on the documentary "Our Brand Is Crisis", which focuses on the use of American political campaign strategies in South America. Combining a family vacation with business, Walter Richmond (William Hurt) takes his wife (Jennifer Tilly) and their 10-year-old, mute daughter, Melissa (Francesca Brown), to the Netherlands -- where Melissa inadvertently witnesses a murder. Unable to tell anyone what she's seen, the frightened girl vanishes in an attempt to elude the killers. Meanwhile, her parents try desperately to piece together the puzzle leading to Melissa's disappearance. Audrey Brodsky is a lovable loser who hates her job. After 11 years, she finally quits the office to pursue her childhood dream of becoming an actress. There's just one problem - she's not very good at it. This colorful adventure tells the story of an impetuous mermaid princess named Ariel who falls in love with the very human Prince Eric and puts everything on the line for the chance to be with him. Memorable songs and characters -- including the villainous sea witch Ursula. Abbott and Costello's version of the famous fairy tale, about a young boy who trades the family cow for magic beans. The story is more or less familiar to everyone, though if your entire point of reference is Disney, you are missing a wide range of interpretations and odd deviations. In this version, things are slimmed down for the brief runtime, and Aladdin's role as a weaver reminds more of The Thief and the Cobbler than the street rat of the most famous Western interpretation. Sara and Sultan are madly in love and wants to be married, but there is a problem. Sara belongs to an ultra-modern household, her mother is learning to be a classical musician and her father is an open minded person. On the other hand Sultan's father is a feudal lord from Punjab with a warm heart, his mother a traditionalist. Everything seems fine until the two families meet for the first time. Sara knows that her parents would never let her move to a village after her marriage with Sultan, and Sultan is certain that her mother would never accept Sara's families' ultra-modern ways. Nani and Dadi's close-knit family suffers some financial constraints. And with two unmarried granddaughters, their future appears bleak. But all is about to change when their brother-in-law calls to informs them that his son Ali, is visiting Pakistan to look for a life mate! Originally aired on GEO Entertainment in Pakistan. This is an Urdu language tele-film with English subtitles. In this piece Dani Restack recounts to camera her experiences of living and working in Israel, the fabled land of milk and honey of childhood lessons. With time spent in a metal factory and a battery farm for chickens, her harrowing tale includes stories of sexual harassment and sick birds. Against this background, there are idyllic images of bees and flowers, cows and calves, intimate caresses, dead birds. Every thing is worthy of Dani's gaze, and is transformed by the encounter, becoming more human or sacred, and we are closer to the pain and beauty of being alive. Amir and Nayan are reality TV stars who are offered to act in a horror film. However they find that they are only capable to act in comedy films as they do not believe in ghosts. However, the duo then head back to their hometown to gain some spine-chilling experiences from Tok Mat, a medicine man who has a daughter named Julia. Amir, Rosham and Megat are best friends and each of them has big dreams. But things turn upside down when one of them finds a jewelry box that belongs to mafias King and Kong. Their lives are threatened when they become the target of the mafias who want their jewelry back. Sara and Sultan are madly in love and wants to be married, but there is a problem. Sara belongs to an ultra-modern household, her mother is learning to be a classical musician and her father is an open minded person. On the other hand Sultan's father is a feudal lord from Punjab with a warm heart, his mother a traditionalist. Everything seems fine until the two families meet for the first time. Sara knows that her parents would never let her move to a village after her marriage with Sultan, and Sultan is certain that her mother would never accept Sara's families' ultra-modern ways. The People I've Slept With - a promiscuous woman who finds herself with an unplanned pregnancy and needs to figure out who the baby daddy is...NOW. Angela Yang loves sex. She loves it so much she needs to make baseball cards of her lovers to help her remember where she's been. She doesn't think twice about her lifestyle until she finds out that she's pregnant. Her gay best friend, Gabriel Lugo tells her to "take care of it," but her conservative sister, Juliet persuades Angela to get married to the baby's father and lead a "normal" life like her. Angela listens to her sister, chooses to keep the baby, and goes on a quest to find the identity of the father by any means necessary. The Madness of Max is a feature-length documentary on the making of arguably the most influential movie of the past thirty years. With over forty cast-and-crew interviews, hundreds of behind-the-scenes photographs and never-before-seen film footage of the shoot, this is without a doubt the last word on Mad Max (1979).Interviews include: George Miller, Byron Kennedy, Mel Gibson, Hugh Keays-Byrne, Steve Bisley, Roger Ward, Joanne Samuel, David Eggby, Jon Dowding and many more. From the Producers to the Bike Designers to the Traffic Stoppers, this is the story of how Mad Max was made. A modernization of the classic western in which the Cowboys are a struggling local amateur soccer team, the Indians run a nearby Tandoori restaurant and the bandits are a group of menacing thugs led by a maniac known simply as 'American Bob'. Dimas is busy taking care of his dad's ice cream shop. Melodi is on her way to Jakarta to be a musician. Both of them are best friends since high school and secretly like each other. The film chronicles their story three years later. Middle-aged, twenties son (Sun Bo) but not too rebellious heart Cypriot father (Luo Jingmin) not to worry about his son's work and emotional life, to help him find a job, Zhao Xifu, looking for tickets, but also did not forget to perform their important duties in the "square dance squad" in, full of life and busy. After some twists and turns, the father in order to prove himself, encouraging his son, embarked on a journey in the draft ...... ruined work experience, but also to escape chasing love struck, one of ironic. "embarrassing thing "in the way of hope and struggle staged The movie follows three directors, three group of students, three stories, who all aim at the upcoming National Students' Talent Competition, where all the students training hard to perform on stage to win the game. Independent narrative/pseudo-documentary shot in Waldo County, Maine, between the years 2010 and 2012. An experiment in white trash excess and violence. Meet innocent Jim, terrified of girls, and on a reluctant quest to prove his manhood the night before he turns 30. He and his cocky friend Alex think they've hit the jackpot when they meet the beautiful siblings Kitty and Lulu, who seem up for anything on a wild party-fuelled night. But little do they know that the femmes fatales want to make Jim lose much more than just his virginity... Getting laid has never been so bloody difficult. Join Last Podcast on the Left LIVE from Chicago. Last Podcast on the Left covers all topics mysterious and macabre and their live show is no different. These boys left their podcast basement to find hope and joy in the streets of America and all they found was NOTHING BUT TROUBLE. Daniel Johnston stars in this psychedelic short film about an aging musician coming to terms with the dreams of yesteryear. Naughty Professor is a 2012 Malayalam comedy film written by Baburaj and directed by Hari Narayanan. It stars Baburaj and Lakshmi Gopalaswamy in the lead roles along with Innocent, Lena, Tini Tom, Janardhanan, Sandhya and Malavika who form the rest of the star cast. Seven stories portray Costa Rican culture through the eyes of 15 children who discover the world playing and exploring in their worlds full of innocence. In the last moments of World War II, a secret Nazi space program evaded destruction by fleeing to the Dark Side of the Moon. During 70 years of utter secrecy, the Nazis construct a gigantic space fortress with a massive armada of flying saucers. Itje, a girl from Bojong, is hoping that her life will change drastically after marrying a French man, Clement or Emen as Itje calls him. Likewise Itje's parents who always show off to thier neighbor if Itje is married to the wealthy and would stay in Paris. But, what is expected far from reality. Itje is taken to a remote village in the southern city of Bordeaux, in wineries, and live in home that is far from everywhere.  Itje disappoints and complains to her husband. Another misfortune: there is no internet and telephone, Itje who can not get out of gadgets and social media, is tormented. Every day she is fuming mad and asks Emen to take him to Paris for shopping and selfies in tourist spots. For Sara (Isabella Santodomingo), a frazzled young emergency room doctor working in Bogota, Colombia, finding out that she's pregnant is not good news. But her decision to end the pregnancy draws cries of protest from everyone in her family -- including the unborn child in her belly. This compelling comedy-drama explores the deep-seated beliefs about reproductive rights in Colombia, a country in which abortion is illegal in all circumstances. Three wacky tomb raiders search for Book of Yunji, masterpiece of ancient chinese medicine Identical twins Kate and Chris Lockhart plot to be the other sister -- at Kate's office and Chris' school - and take on planning their sister's Christmas events. One rule, though: no romance.  Stephen Chow returns as Chow Sing-Sing, the obnoxious undercover cop who seems to get into all sorts of trouble, only this time he doesn't go back to school. Instead, Chow goes undercover as the husband of a wealthy socialite (Anita Mui), which doesn't sit well with his fiancee played by Cheung Man who tries to convince Chow to quit working as undercover. Sheltered by his grandparents, Luke, a young man with autism, is thrust into a world that doesn't expect anything from him. But Luke is on a quest for a job and true love. And he isn't taking no for an answer. How to part with a jealous girl? And if she is also a rare bitch? Maxim does not know, because he "wants everyone to be well." While mother and elder sister are pouring in with useless advice, Maxim comes up with the most absurd excuse for a break, which leads to catastrophic consequences ... Lois, 16, has only one dream: becoming an astronaut. However, although she's gifted in physics, she has a big problem: Lois weighs over 200 pounds - a family trait she's inescapably stuck with. Then, just when everything seems lost, Lois meets Amelie, Stannah, and Justine: three teenagers shattered, like her, by life's tough breaks; yet ready for anything in order to leave with her for outer space... The gang is friend with a millionaire because they saved him from an agression. However, the gang is suspecting that the man's son was actually one of the agressors. Let's Make Money is an Austrian documentary by Erwin Wagenhofer released in the year 2008. It is about aspects of the development of the world wide financial system.  The Little White Cloud That Cried, made in tribute to underground filmmaker Jack Smith, and described as: "Goddesses unharnessing the power of the sea and putting it into a whole new element as they engaged in orgiastic battles and whoopla." --cinematical.com After spending eight months in a mental institution, a former teacher moves back in with his parents and tries to reconcile with his ex-wife. Unfinished Song stars Ali-Reza Anoushfar as Farhad, a young musicologist who returns to his birthplace, Iran's Khorasan province, to record and preserve the region's traditional folk songs. When he gets there, he discovers that of the region's once-rich musical tradition, only a few songs are still performed, mainly because women are banned from singing. He also finds out about a woman named Heyran (Ghogha Bayat) who has been imprisoned for that very reason and he becomes determined to find her and record her voice. His meetings with her in jail open up another mystery that connects his family to hers and reveals how her steadfast love of music has doomed her to a life of persecution. Artie and Diane agree to look after their three grandkids when their type-A helicopter parents need to leave town for work. Problems arise when the kids' 21st-century behavior collides with Artie and Diane's old-school methods. Two youngsters Bahman and Nader who must go to the military service and are searching for a way to escape from that meet each other and become friends. This friendship is the beginning of many troubles and adventures for them. The director of a theatre play about the holocaust takes some of his actors to Auschwitzt to get in the right mood... From humble roots as pastor's sons in New Jersey, through their meteoric rise to fame, the Jonas Brothers' bond was unshakeable-until a surprising and painful breakup led Joe, Kevin and Nick down very different paths. With deeply personal interviews, previously unreleased footage and exclusive music, this is the Jonas Brothers as never seen before. While vacationing at a resort, an ornery and outspoken man is held captive by a criminal organization.  Summer in Menorca. The young Olivia has lost all understanding for the world. She just ended an affair in order to begin a real relationship, but no sooner had it started than this also ends. She is comforted and receives prosaic advice from her sculptor mother Nuria. When pensioned advertisement filmmaker Fernando moves into their guesthouse, a fresh wind blows over the island. While Olivia sees him as a father figure, Fernando tries to seduce Nuria. ISLA BONITA is a charming, wonderfully cheerful comedy full of misunderstandings - and a bijou homage to the idyllic holiday island of Menorca. Director and main actor Fernando Colomo delights us with this semi-autobiographic fiction film.   After moving to a small town, Zach Cooper finds a silver lining when he meets next door neighbor Hannah, the daughter of bestselling Goosebumps series author R.L. Stine. When Zach unintentionally unleashes real monsters from their manuscripts and they begin to terrorize the town, it's suddenly up to Stine, Zach and Hannah to get all of them back in the books where they belong. Amir goes to pick his friend Ali from the airport, where he finds out that Ali's ex-wife, Ghazal has taken her son Ardalan with her illegally and most probably will emigrate soon. Despite all his personal problems, Amir takes Ali to his office to help him find his ex-wife and son. Lance Weaver is a popular stage actor in a small town who takes his craft very seriously. Too seriously. A surgical accident leaves him with a hole in his neck and a large dent in his voice. Lance tries to find a happiness he had never felt in a life devoid of validation. A professional con man (Hamada Hilal) falls in love with a powerful woman who used to work for a well-known roguery gang. Tough narcotics detective 'Popeye' Doyle is in hot pursuit of a suave French drug dealer who may be the key to a huge heroin-smuggling operation. The Male Gaze is a new series of releases from New Queer Visions that showcases short LGBTQ films from across the world. The first instalment, First Kiss, brings together five shorts that are based around men experiencing romantic and/or sexual interaction with other men for the first time. It takes in films from Sweden, Indonesia, USA, Australia and France giving a rounded look at how similar experiences are depicted across the world. A group of high school kids enjoy many adventures throughout their formative tenth grade year. Growing up can be a bumpy road, and it's no exception for Riley, who is uprooted from her Midwest life when her father starts a new job in San Francisco. Riley's guiding emotions-- Joy, Fear, Anger, Disgust and Sadness--live in Headquarters, the control centre inside Riley's mind, where they help advise her through everyday life and tries to keep things positive, but the emotions conflict on how best to navigate a new city, house and school. A chance encounter at a bar unravels into a surreal and intense all nighter. Amy, a naive college graduate who believes she's destined to be a great poet, begrudgingly accepts a job at a sex shop while she pursues a mentorship with reclusive writer Rat Billings. Yanto ask his friends to help him save his girlfriend that been kidnapped by a group of professional mobster. Maria and Luigi love each other in spite of their poverty, while she resists her many wealthy suitors. But their mutual enemies figure out a lie that will separate them. Maria will become temporarily rich but then she will commit a crime and will divert into the slums. There Luigi will meet her again. Semi-true story of the Hollywood murder that occurred at a star-studded gathering aboard William Randolph Hearst's yacht in 1924. Outer space in 2034 is run by greedy corporations in a rundown bureaucracy. Two astronauts, who are not very smart, make their way with shady dealings, smuggling and spaceship wrecking. wo young wild girls decide to throw on a party and invite all their male friends over. After partying and having a good time the two girls and all their friends decide to tell five crazy slasher stories that is just too crazy to be true. After they're done telling there story this party ends up turning into a party day massacre. Vampire Barnabas Collins is inadvertently freed from his tomb and emerges into the very changed world of 1972. He returns to Collinwood Manor to find that his once-grand estate and family have fallen into ruin. Young newlyweds encounter a series of challenges during the first year of their marriage. Based on the reality TV show, the film centers around a dance crew from Penang hoping to enter the 'Showdown' competition in KL and discover more than they bargained for.    The feel-good story of Michael 'Eddie' Edwards, an unlikely but courageous British ski-jumper who never stopped believing in himself--even as an entire nation was counting him out. With the help of a rebellious and charismatic coach, Eddie takes on the establishment and wins the hearts of sports fans around the world by making an improbable and historic showing at the 1988 Calgary Winter Olympics. After Mitch moves into his brother's house, a series of murders take place. Additionally, he begins hearing noises from the attic... A psychosomatically deaf, dumb and blind boy becomes a master pinball player and the object of a religious cult. A young man in his fourth decade looking for a job to marry his beloved after many years of engagement, but every time he faces bad luck and enters him into a problem that soon comes out of them and then falls in another, where he worked in one of the jobs, drivers and buffet worker, then A driver for a NPC member, he falls into many strange and comical paradoxes. After a bad blind date, a man and woman find themselves stuck together at a resort for families, where their attractions grows as their respective kids benefit from the burgeoning relationship. On the eve of his 25th birthday, the day he's set to receive money from his trust fund, Rocco (Xian Lim) parties, gets drunk and loses all his money on a poker match. His dilemma: He has to produce the amount, otherwise he will lose the client he needs to defeat his father's TV commercial production company.  Meanwhile, Rocky (Kim Chiu) also needs money to pay the rent, otherwise her family will be homeless.  There's only one way for Rocco to be able to get money from his trust fund: Fulfill the conditions set by his grandmother and that is to get married.  Rocky agrees to act as Rocco's pseudo wife in exchange for a "talent fee." They seal the deal.  As they live like a married couple, Rocco and Rocky face one problem after another, forcing them with no alternative but to reconcile their differences and work with each other. Complication arises when they start to feel for each other, with their bond getting closer. Modern relationships are examined in this comedy drama.   A father and son reunite ten years after switching bodies.  A Hui lives with his brother and sister-in-law, always getting in their way. Hence they decide to find him a bride so that he will set up his own home. His chosen bride, flown in from Vietnam, is horrified to find herself married to an "old and ugly" man. Coming from different backgrounds and with conflicting interests in life, the unlikely couple go through many hilarious upsets before they finally settle down together Failed writer Ray Wyatt is ready to take his own life when a notorious serial murderer steals his latest movie script and begins publicizing it. Revived by the sudden deluge of celebrity, Ray starts tracking the killer to recover the manuscript. One apartment, five women and four absurd stories. 'Flavian: Essence of an Idiot', a comedy of errors, is a proudly independant Manx-made feature film. Much to her distress, a woman who's long put up her guard by only dating men for their money suddenly finds herself falling in love for real. Parsia, who has admired her entirely schoolly style, says the new moderator wants her mother on her first day at school, but Parsia, who realizes the critical condition of her mother's life in the absence of her father, is pleased to come up with the shape and image of a A woman goes to school and ends the affair, but it is a matter of when it is sad that Mr. Nazem loves the false mother of Parsia ... Richard Cooper is a married man and father of two who is just plain bored with married life. Not getting any sex from his wife, he resorts to ogling random women on the street to the point that he takes lunch late to look at them. When old crush Nikki Tru visits his office to get a reference letter, she becomes obsessed with Cooper and they begin a complicated relationship.  A young businessman tries to rent a family in order to impress his rich relative. In 1979, an Indian family moves to America with hopes of living the American Dream. While their 10-year-old boy Smith falls head-over-heels for the girl next door, his desire to become a "good old boy" propels him further away from his family's ideals than ever before. Hotshot gambler Jake Green (Jason Statham) is long on bravado and seriously short of common sense. Rarely is he allowed in any casino because he's a bona fide winner and, in fact, has taken so much money over the years that he's the sole client of his accountant elder brother, Billy. Invited to a private game, Jake is in fear of losing his life. The film was shot over 12 days through 5 countries: Switzerland , Spain , Germany, the Netherlands and France. The documentary presents Mike Ward on holiday , following his tour presentation. Between each major tour , he likes to leave the country and go see if he's still funny in the eyes of an unknown audience. In these times, Mike Ward returns to the sources of hard- up stand.  This humorous documentary flavor pervades the adventures experienced by Mike Ward ; the time he has performed in French to an audience that did not know and for whom French was the second language. The one time Mike Ward learned a few minutes before going on stage that the show was held in Dutch and he was the only one to speak English. The documentary also shows Mike Ward perform brilliantly in every city, even has the beginnings of a dog show and much more. Andres (Jean Pierre Agostini) it's a fan of Los Leones del Caracas one of the principal baseball teams of Venezuela. Julissa (Juliette Pardau) it's a fan of Los Navegantes del Magallanes, the rival team. One day Andres gets tickets to see the game in Magallanes VIP Zone. He meets Julissa and her dad who is not only fan but one of the team's managers. Andres and Julissa will fall in love and will have to pretend to be fan of the other's team. But soon trouble will arise. Andres and Julissa now parents to a seven year old Carlitos struggle to live happily as a family despite being fervent fans of rival teams and of Vicente's (Julissa's father) disapproval. Broomfield's behind-the-scenes document of the making of a musical becomes a ceremonious unmaking-of as egos, budgets and general calamity conspire to ruin the best efforts of all involved in the New York rehearsals for an extravagant, glitzy production. A young Peruvian bear travels to London in search of a new home. Finding himself lost and alone at Paddington Station, he meets the kindly Brown family. Aasia is a widower and has one son, Mehboob. Since being a single parent, Aasia has borne much difficulties and has developed a harsh tone but her sewing skills are brilliant. She has brought up her son Mehboob and managed his education by using Sewing Machine which is her only means to earn money. After completing MBA, Mehboob got married to Zulekha who has also done MBA. Once they get married, Aasia asked Zulekha to learn sewing and understanding the need of time, Zulekha's father buy her an automatic sewing machine. But this was not seen as good omen by Aasia and she started to taunt her. But they both will unite and help each other once a Dubai-based designer will open boutique in their area and Aasia will be left faint-hearted. Teri Meri Love Story is a romantic comedy revolving around a love triangle between Esha, Ramis and Nael. A story of food. When his father's restaurant is bankrupted, Hooshan decides to offer Beryani, an Isfahani cuisine, as the main dish. This short film tells the story of a disgraced U.S. army officer who is charged with treason. At his court martial he is sentenced to lifetime exile aboard American ships at sea, no crew member can mention anything about the United States within his hearing, and in the books he is allowed to read all references to the United States are removed. This is a story that revolves around the lives of four fishermen who are buddies from a fishing village at Pulau Ketam. In order to settle a huge loan, the four buddies decide to venture into a robbery. In their attempt, the four buddies crash into a real robbery scene. In the chaotic chase, the four buddies end up with 2 bags of stolen jewelry. They emerge the heroes of the case by surrendering only one bag of jewelry to the police. One day, a group of tourists visit the island. The four buddies were made the tour guides. At a later stage, the robbers from the earlier robbery locate the four buddies at Pulau Ketam.  Will the robbers get back the stolen jewelry? Will the four buddies get away with such a crime? Aleeya Azmeen willingly went to London with her boyfriend five years ago only to get dumped by him in the end. Things became worse when she was thrown out of London's college. Left with nothing, she had no choice but to return to Malaysia. But how will she explain what has happened to her family and friends? A fated meeting at Heaththrow airport with Zariel Daniel, who is willing to become Aleeya's fake husband for a week, leads to many dramatic and hilarious situations. coming soon Three young children accidentally release a horde of nasty, pint-sized demons from a hole in a suburban backyard. What follows is a classic battle between good and evil as the three kids struggle to overcome a nightmarish hell that is literally taking over the Earth.  Mr Bhatti is a delusional character who wins a trip to the Lake District out of the blue, he comes over, with a group of Indian tourists visiting the Lake District. Bhatti is under the impression that he has been called over by George W.Bush, for supposed peace talks being the delusional man he is. But its not just the scenery and the possible meeting with Bush, which attracts Bhattis interest. Alice an English girl also catches his eye. Linda Watt is a sheltered but brilliant young scientist who is plucked out of her company's lab and sent to India by her CEO to sell "Rice 9," a genetically modified rice she's created. However, unbeknownst to her, the rice will destroy the Indian farmers she thinks she's helping. A former stripper's talent with numbers lands her a job with a professional gambler who runs a sports book in Las Vegas. Jack's left with a debt with the mob that will be hard to repay. Marrying the car dealer's illegal immigrant girlfriend may be the only way out. A small town waitress gets a nail accidentally lodged in her head causing unpredictable behavior that leads her to Washington, DC.  Sparks fly when she meets a clueless young senator who takes up her cause - but what happens when love interferes with what you stand for? A child takes the classic kiddie game of 'Playing Doctor' a little too literally. When a car hits young Victor's pet dog Sparky, Victor decides to bring him back to life the only way he knows how. But when the bolt-necked "monster" wreaks havoc and terror in the hearts of Victor's neighbors, he has to convince them that Sparky's still the good, loyal friend he was. When troubled musical prodigy Charlotte seeks out Elizabeth, the new star pupil of her former school, the encounter sends both musicians down a sinister path with shocking consequences. An old politician lusts after a beautiful dancer. Jimmy Duncan is a film director working on his fourth film but things are not exactly going as planned. England, 1932. Today is Dolly Thatcham's wedding day, and her family is arriving at the manor house with all the cheerfulness, chaos and grievances that accompany such gatherings. Trouble soon appears in the shape of Joseph, Dolly's lover from the previous summer, who throws her feelings into turmoil. But Dolly's mother will not allow her carefully laid plans for her daughter's future to be threatened... Ali (LAWRENCE ADISA), is a struggling real estate agent and ladies man who has never desired to commit to anyone or anything. One night while out with his buddy Chris (OMAR MILLER), Ali meets and falls for Sandrine (DAVETTA SHERWOOD), a single mother who works hard and is looking for love. Ali's best friend Joel (BRIAN HOOKS) and his wife (TANGI MILLER) are happy to see Ali cut off his line of women, while Sandrine's best friend Steph (TEYANA TAYLOR) is unenthusiastic about Sandrine welcoming a man into her home to meet her son and mother (KELLITA SMITH).  With a declining real estate career and issues with his new relationship, Ali starts questioning just how committed he's willing to be. One important meeting with real estate mogul James Johnson (MEKHI PHIFER) could change his life for forever.  For the first time it looks like Ali may make a transformation if he can steer clear of obstacles. In the end will love conquer all? Or will broken hearts be all that's left of their romance? Pledging to keep herself from being the oldest and the only woman in her entire family never to wed, Montana embarks on a thirty-day, thirty-thousand-mile expedition to charm a potential suitor into becoming her fiance. Simon Phoenix, a violent criminal cryogenically frozen in 1996, escapes during a parole hearing in 2032 in the utopia of San Angeles. Police are incapable of dealing with his violent ways and turn to his captor, who had also been cryogenically frozen after being wrongfully accused of killing 30 innocent people while apprehending Phoenix. The movie centers on a group of animals in a national park in Bombay trying to figure out a way to stop humans from building an apartment complex on their land. After spending two decades in England, Bill Bryson returns to the U.S., where he decides the best way to connect with his homeland is to hike the Appalachian Trail with one of his oldest friends. Here's the delightful tale of teamwork and adventure your whole family will love! Air Bud is the proud father of five adorable puppies - the hip-hopping B-Dawg, lovely Rosebud, mellow Buddha, dirt-loving Mudbud, and the big fella Budderball - with an unbelievable secret: They can talk! And the hilarious, hair-raising exploits of these barking, talking, ball-playing pups will have you cheering as they run off on a daring rescue mission to save their parents! Our story can begin anywhere where chances are rarely found to be able to survive and thrive, where small things matter by the end of the day and where people would want possess things that were never theirs to begin with. In this village where destitution and alcohol prevails, Leslie, (Laci), the world's greatest looser, recently released from prison starts to construct a football field and a chance for a better life. The slid down and alcoholic Veronica hopes to find happiness in her love for Leslie (Laci). Veronica's nine years old son Mark acquaints the violin thanks to an old, burned-out musician, who has a fascinating and mysterious past. The stories of these four people intertwine drifting their life towards further tragic situations to crow by a surprising end. Mock -documentary about a Finnish contemporary artist who took the world by a storm. Moon Dust is a comedy about a semi-abandoned lunar resort that lost its tourists to Mars, the new trendy destination for spatial vacations. With its incredible aesthetics, an extraordinary chromatic palette, and unusual humour, the film turns the unique painterly sensibility of its author into a completely new approach to the imaginary of science-fiction. Exactly one year after Tom meets Violet, he surprises her with a wedding ring. By all accounts, Tom and Violet are destined for their happily ever after. However, this engaged couple just keep getting tripped up on the long walk down the aisle. Based on the award winning short film, Blood Shot is the story of a cop named Rip whose life falls apart as he chases a terminator-like vampire, who happens to be a hitman for the CIA. They must join forces to stop a terrorist cell before its too late, battling through obstacles such as a harem, giant eunuch, demon-genie, and even explosive midgets. While traveling abroad, a guy falls for a Romanian beauty whose unreachable heart has its origins in her violent, charismatic ex. This film follows the remarkable and inspirational true story of Paul Potts, a shy, bullied shop assistant by day and an amateur opera singer by night.  Spike has just put Tyke to bed for his nap when Tom and Jerry chase out the door to Tyke's crib, waking him up. This gives Tyke an attack of hiccups. Spike warns Tom not to wake him up again, which of course is all Jerry needs... Three sixty-something friends take a break from their day-to-day lives to throw a bachelor party in Las Vegas for their last remaining single pal. Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto (1884-1943) was the Japanese Naval commander who was given the order to attack Pearl Harbour, an order he was duty bound to obey which went against his own personal beliefs. While this infamous attack is a low point in Japanese and US history it wouldn't have happened if the Japanese government had listened to Yamamoto in 1939 and searched for a more peaceful way to end their war campaign, proving his many ominous presages of the outcomes of the attack to come true. Middle-aged cinephile and film projectionist Pera still lives with his mother - and best friend - Mara, in Belgrade. It's 1999 and when NATO bombs start raining down on Serbia, the two of them become refugees. After a surreal journey, they end up in New York, where Pera realizes that he can no longer do the old job he loved so much. While he and Mara were struggling to survive, the new age of digital projection was born. Then Pera stumbles upon some discarded projectors and his new mission in life becomes clear: he will travel around and show people the magic of Real Cinema - the magic that can only be created by celluoid, mechanical projectors, the silver screen and flickering light. The Dunderheads are an eccentric Montana family who've been in the mountains for far too long. Now one step ahead of the law, matriarch Grandma Ira flees to Canada with her two wildly dysfunctional teenage grand kids, across the American West into a comic collision with the mainstream world. Montana Amazon is a both funny and poignant fable on the nature of the human family. The Texas Rangers chase down a gang of outlaws led by Butch Cavendish, but the gang ambushes the Rangers, seemingly killing them all. One survivor is found, however, by an American Indian named Tonto, who nurses him back to health. The Ranger, donning a mask and riding a white stallion named Silver, teams up with Tonto to bring the unscrupulous gang and others of that ilk to justice. Five friends who reunite in an attempt to top their epic pub crawl from 20 years earlier unwittingly become humankind's only hope for survival. Brave is set in the mystical Scottish Highlands, where Merida is the princess of a kingdom ruled by King Fergus and Queen Elinor. An unruly daughter and an accomplished archer, Merida one day defies a sacred custom of the land and inadvertently brings turmoil to the kingdom. In an attempt to set things right, Merida seeks out an eccentric old Wise Woman and is granted an ill-fated wish. Also figuring into Merida's quest -- and serving as comic relief -- are the kingdom's three lords: the enormous Lord MacGuffin, the surly Lord Macintosh, and the disagreeable Lord Dingwall. After his friends slip him LSD on a camping trip, ultra-nerdy Nancy hallucinates that they are evil beings and begins to systematically hunt them down. Meanwhile, a mysterious corporation monitors the entire event for their own hidden purpose. Based on the novel 'Evolution Man' by Roy Lewis, this tells the story about the first man - young Edward - to descend from apes. Edward is ejected by his tribe, but is very resourceful. He learns to walk, discovers fire, manages to hunt - and we follow him as he evolves. He has a generous nature, and search for true humanity - a world where we don't eat our fathers. Wisecracking, gum-chewing 12-year-old Gilly is well known in the foster system. Totally unmanageable, she has stayed with more families than she can remember and has outwitted them all. After all, how can she settle down when her real mother, the beautiful and glamourous Courtney, might be out there waiting for her? When Gilly is sent to live with the Trotters, the weirdest family yet, she isn't planning to stick around. But cheerful, affectionate Maime Trotter isn't giving up on Gilly just yet... A romantic comedy about a woman struggling to make it in the recording industry. Her life is complicated by her brother, a wacky garbage man who acts as her manager. He constantly sets her up with one humiliating gig after another, each one pushing her closer and closer to throwing in the towel for good. Only after a chance run in with love, do all her dreams finally come true. Dale Squire is a hip, quirky, independent single gal living in the glossy city of Los Angeles. After several failed attempts in quasi-relationships, Dale concludes that finding a meaningful relationship in L.A. is impossible. But being anti-social is tough for any young girl in Hollywood. With Jill's frantic wedding right around the corner, Dale finds herself reflecting on the significance of marriage, and the mutual respect needed for a successful relationship. When Zach, a successful heartthrob rock star and old friend of Dale's finds his way back into her life, Dale slowly starts to think that maybe finding love in L.A. is possible - the only problem is that her realization might have come too late, leaving Dale in a silent love triangle, with no way out.  Written by Will, Christie With the 70s behind him, San Diego's top rated newsman, Ron Burgundy, returns to take New York's first 24-hour news channel by storm. While in his teens, Donny fathered a son, Todd, and raised him as a single parent up until Todd's 18th birthday. Now, after not seeing each other for years, Todd's world comes crashing down when Donny resurfaces just before Todd's wedding. In high school, Schmidt was a dork and Jenko was the popular jock. After graduation, both of them joined the police force and ended up as partners riding bicycles in the city park. Since they are young and look like high school students, they are assigned to an undercover unit to infiltrate a drug ring that is supplying high school students synthetic drugs. When porn director Pablo reluctantly breaks up with his boyfriend, Juan, he encourages him to stay in touch. Juan moves away to live in a lighthouse and eventually writes his ex, but in the interim Pablo has taken up a psychotic new lover, Antonio. Antonio intercepts their correspondence and flies into a towering rage, terrifying Pablo but inspiring him creatively as he works on a play about his transsexual sister. G.J. Echternkamp tells the story of his relationship with his parents, his mother Cindy and his step-father, Frank. Frank used to be a member of OXO, a band from the '80s whose one hit wonder scored with the song "Whirly Girl". Cindy was the ultimate groupie who married Frank and thought life would be glamorous and award shows, but it's not how it turned out. A stifled, small-town man stuck in a dead end life, runs away to Mexico to be a mariachi singer. MARIACHI GRINGO is a musical tour-de-force exploring the reality of "following your dreams" across cultural, personal, social and geographical borders. Featuring interviews from major cast and crew members, along with 200 fans from across the country, this documentary tells the whole story of this amazing and one of a kind tv show. Amazonia is an adventure in 3D inside the largest rainforest on the planet: the Amazon rainforest. Chestnut is a Capuchin monkey domesticated who survives a plane crash and finds himself alone in the dense forest. The monkey needs to learn to live in freedom, in a new world where animals of all kinds: Jaguars, alligators, snakes, tapirs, hawks. Gradually, Brown learns to live in the forest, making new friends, especially the monkey Gaia, their fellow species. A celebrated military contractor returns to the site of his greatest career triumphs and re-connects with a long-ago love while unexpectedly falling for the hard-charging Air Force watchdog assigned to him. While attending a party at James Franco's house, Seth Rogen, Jay Baruchel and many other celebrities are faced with the apocalypse. The story is set in 1947, following a long-retired Holmes living in a Sussex village with his housekeeper and rising detective son. But then he finds himself haunted by an unsolved 50-year old case. Holmes' memory isn't what it used to be, so he only remembers fragments of the case: a confrontation with an angry husband, a secret bond with his beautiful but unstable wife. In New York City in 1980, Dexter Mitchell plays half-willing big brother to his neighbors, a trio of exchange students from the People's Republic of China. A team of former robbers arrived at Paradise: Phuket, southern Thailand. Now traders, they are happy days. Until the day when the devil arrives: Mehdi, sentenced to 15 years in prison during the robbery, comes to recover his share of the cake. A DEA agent and an undercover Naval Intelligence officer who have been tasked with investigating one another find they have been set up by the mob -- the very organization the two men believe they have been stealing money from. When a clumsy deadbeat accidentally kills his landlord, he must do everything in his power to hide the body, only to find that the distractions of lust, the death of his beloved brother, and a crew of misfit characters force him on a journey where a fortune awaits him. Dennis Hopper plays Nick Twain, a Hollywood Producer whose latest film is rejected by every film festival in the world except one- in Ohio. Nick will do anything to get his film distributed, including manipulating his dysfunctional cast into attending the festival. Hollywood egos and small town politics inevitably collide. Animal pals Alex, Marty, Melman, and Gloria are still trying to make it back to New York's Central Park Zoo. They are forced to take a detour to Europe to find the penguins and chimps who broke the bank at a Monte Carlo casino. When French animal-control officer Capitaine Chantel DuBois picks up their scent, Alex and company are forced to hide out in a traveling circus. A self-proclaimed "ex-lesbian," Jill hunts down her ex-girlfriend Jamie to prove to herself that she is no longer attracted to her. "Heterosexual Jill" is a satire about sexuality where nothing is as it seems. After being abandoned at the altar, Jason courts the girl of his dreams on the Internet. When she arrives in Los Angeles for their wedding, there's an unexpected surprise. The lives of 19 rather disagreeable people momentarily converge in a Brooklyn heat wave one Friday afternoon in director Cinque Lee's (Spike Lee's brother) collection of urban character studies. Based on the comic book by Hideo Azuma. Dominick has always been a big kid who loved eating. It was his favourite thing. Then his cousin dies from health complications due to an improper diet and his sister makes him promise to lose some weight. This is very hard for him, but he finds motivation when he falls in love with Lydia. He spends so much time kissing and walking around with her that he no longer eats as many unhealthy things, and he loses weight without even trying. A psychological thriller about the destructive relationship between a middle-aged man and his mother. Following a ghost invasion of Manhattan, paranormal enthusiasts Erin Gilbert and Abby Yates, nuclear engineer Jillian Holtzmann, and subway worker Patty Tolan band together to stop the otherworldly threat. The city needs heroes. Darkness has settled over New York City as Shredder and his evil Foot Clan have an iron grip on everything from the police to the politicians. The future is grim until four unlikely outcast brothers rise from the sewers and discover their destiny as Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. The Turtles must work with fearless reporter April and her wise-cracking cameraman Vern Fenwick to save the city and unravel Shredder's diabolical plan. New York City is full of lonely hearts seeking the right match, and what Alice, Robin, Lucy, Meg, Tom and David all have in common is the need to learn how to be single in a world filled with ever-evolving definitions of love. After learning that a brain aneurysm will kill him in about 90 minutes, a perpetually unhappy man struggles to come to terms with his fate and make amends with everyone he has ever hurt. Karthik's flirting ways during his college days leave a bad impression on Malar. A few years later, the two end up working at the same office, though they are on different floors. Karthik falls in love with Malar but considering that she hates even the very mention of his name, he introduces himself to her as Sundar. How long can he carry on this game of deception? Alex, Emily, and their son, RJ, are new to Los Angeles. A chance meeting at the park introduces them to the mysterious Kurt, Charlotte, and Max. A family "playdate" becomes increasingly interesting as the night goes on. Four everyday suburban guys come together as an excuse to escape their humdrum lives one night a week. But when they accidentally discover that their town has become overrun with aliens posing as ordinary suburbanites, they have no choice but to save their neighborhood - and the world - from total extermination. Paranoid and unpredictable, J.T. lives a solitary life of used tires and decaying trailers. Despite his situation, J.T. wins the love of Sara, an innocent young girl left alone in the world after losing the last of her family. As an asteroid nears Earth, a man finds himself alone after his wife leaves in a panic. He decides to take a road trip to reunite with his high school sweetheart. Accompanying him is a neighbor who inadvertently puts a wrench in his plan. In a world where human beings and puppets live together, when the members of the cast of a children's television show aired during the 1990s begin to get murdered one by one, puppet Phil Philips, a former LAPD detective who fell in disgrace and turned into a private eye, takes on the case at the request of his old boss in order to assist detective Edwards, who was his partner in the past. Rails &amp; Jumps, Backside &amp; Frontside, Filming &amp; Fun, Helis &amp; Sleds, Sushi &amp; Burgers, Freshies &amp; Slush &amp; Ice &amp; Crust &amp; Elephant Snot, It's all in Apples &amp; Oranges.Alterna Films shakes Apples &amp; Oranges out of the tree, bringing you a film about a crew of international riders brought together for the same mission: to bring their individual talents to the big screen. A man is convinced that a young girl is the reincarnation of his own daughter Audrey Rose, who died in a fiery car accident, along with his wife, two minutes before the girl was born. Although Sam has the mental capacity of a 7-year-old, he has a daughter with a homeless woman who abandons them when they leave the hospital, leaving Sam to raise Lucy on his own. But as Lucy grows up, Sam's limitations start to become a problem and the authorities take her away. Sam shames high-priced lawyer, Rita into taking his case pro bono and in turn teaches her the value of love and family. A grown man is still caught in the crossfire of his parents' 15 year divorce. He discovers he was unknowingly part of a study on divorced children and is enlisted in a follow-up years later, which wreaks new havoc on his family. After a terrible air disaster, survivor Max Klein emerges a changed person. Unable to connect to his former life or to wife Laura, he feels godlike and invulnerable. When psychologist Bill Perlman is unable to help Max, he has Max meet another survivor, Carla Rodrigo, who is racked with grief and guilt since her baby died in the crash which she and Max survived. Sebastian works for the lazy combo of frienemies Rosetta (Reno) and Professor Morey (Mink Stole) translating dead romance languages. He lives with his roommate Ida, a cyber-chick agoraphobic nudist who realizes Hippo, a Boy George look-alike she's only ever met online. Ida's Aunt Gertrude, misunderstanding their BFF relationship, wills the house to Ida and her "husband" Sebastian. Not actually being married, Ida discovers she could lose her home to Noodles the poodle; her grandmother's dog!!! She decides to seek out the exotic Hippo whom she has only seen in the pictures Meanwhile, Sebastian offers to sacrifice his gayness by marrying Ida. Toby, a cynical advertising director finds himself trapped in the outrageous delusions of an old Spanish shoe-maker who believes himself to be Don Quixote. In the course of their comic and increasingly surreal adventures, Toby is forced to confront the tragic repercussions of a film he made in his idealistic youth. When a daredevil kid named Ernie, his sister Julia, and his best friend Max are horsing around in Max's inventor father's workshop, they accidentally trip a time-machine into operation and find themselves transported back in time 65 million years, where they meet a T-Rex named Tyra and her rambunctious dinosaur son Dodger. The unlikely group find themselves on an amazing adventure exploring the lush prehistoric jungle, despite Tyra's evil dinosaur rivals conspiring against them - while, back in the present day, Max's dad and Ernie and Julia's overprotective mom plot their rescue. A look at the lives of the strong-willed women of the Weston family, whose paths have diverged until a family crisis brings them back to the Midwest house they grew up in, and to the dysfunctional woman who raised them. Slackers who live for free in a rock star's mansion find that their ride on the gravy train is coming to an end with the sale of their pal's residence. "Sticky" is everything your mother was too embarrassed to tell you about masturbation, in one stimulating documentary. Full of candid interviews from celebrated figures to everyday people, health care professionals, sex therapists, zoologists, anthropologists, and religious figures, this feature length doc answers age-old questions like: What is masturbation? Will it make me go blind? Is it "normal"? Is it wrong? And why are we so afraid to be caught in the act? In a world where confusion about sexuality remains at the root of so many societal problems - rape, sexual abuse, and the threat of sexually transmitted diseases - "Sticky" will help shatter misconceptions and myths surrounding this intimate aspect of human sexuality. When a globe-trotting, workaholic father trying to visit his daughter on a last minute layover in Los Angeles discovers that she's disappeared, he forces her awkward, nervous ex-boyfriend, still nursing a broken heart, to help him find her over the course of one increasingly crazy night. When you become a detective in Warsaw Indiana - you go to Poker Night, where you play against some of the best cops in the business. They tell you stories about their time on the job - their successes and failures. When new Detective Stan Jeter leaves the game, he is caught by a vicious psychopath and locked in a basement. Using the stories he heard at Poker Night, he must match wits against his captor - and save not only himself, but the young girl trapped in the basement with him. Like Seven and Usual Suspect, Poker Night combines thrills and twists and turns that will leave you guessing till the very end. A series of interconnected short films follows a washed-up producer as he pitches insane story lines featuring some of the biggest stars in Hollywood. A small town girl and a city boy meet on the Sunset Strip, while pursuing their Hollywood dreams. Perennially stoned Cheech and Chong tear through the city of Los Angeles, causing trouble wherever they go. After Cheech loses his job, the two pot enthusiasts head to the welfare offices where Cheech's girlfriend, Donna, works. Instead of collecting unemployment, they find themselves thrown back on the streets, searching for a way to earn new income. But when Cheech's cousin, "Red" Mendoza, arrives, things get even crazier. Long-time friends reconnect when one returns to their small Massachusetts town for a funeral. A group of young people stuck in the small Texas town of Fossil Ridge have to fight for their lives against dinosaurs that have been reanimated by a local scientist. Richard Titties, an out-of-shape martial arts wannabe, is shot into an alternate dimension after his girlfriend Cynthia is kidnapped. Her captors are a group of tittie obsessed madmen led by Zeefros, the master of the supernatural realm. Zeefros kidnaps women for the sole purpose of seeing their titties. Richard joins up with his sister Raine Brown, a Gorilla and a gaggle of other strange characters, in order to save his girlfriend. He must search inside, overcome his futile martial arts skills, and find the kung fu fighter within if he is to save himself and all those that dwell in the alternate world. The fate of an arm-wrestling match leads two rival brothers on an adventure through the streets of Lima, Peru. Armed with the spoils of victory, the boys must navigate many obstacles that stand in the way of their goal: a house party on the other side of the tracks and the hope of lost virginity. When a fire destroys Cobb's Comedy Club in San Francisco, defiant owner Tom Sawyer and his crew of comedians rebuild it, hoping to revive the struggling indie comedy scene. Randy's Canvas A brother and sister reunite following a five-year hiatus and are forced to stumble towards reconciliation. A gang of bank robbers team up with the residents of an old people's home to try to survive a zombie outbreak. Young journalist Sebastian Zollner is writing an article on artist Manuel Kaminski. Zollner hopes that Kaminski dies soon, so that he can cash in on his article. When their father passes away, four grown, world-weary siblings return to their childhood home and are requested -- with an admonition -- to stay there together for a week, along with their free-speaking mother and a collection of spouses, exes and might-have-beens. As the brothers and sisters re-examine their shared history and the status of each tattered relationship among those who know and love them best, they reconnect in hysterically funny and emotionally significant ways. A zombie outbreak has fallen upon the land in this reimagining of Jane Austen's classic tale of the tangled relationships between lovers from different social classes in 19th century England. Feisty heroine Elizabeth Bennet (Lily James) is a master of martial arts and weaponry and the handsome Mr. Darcy (Sam Riley) is a fierce zombie killer, yet the epitome of upper class prejudice. As the zombie outbreak intensifies, they must swallow their pride and join forces on the blood-soaked battlefield in order to conquer the undead once and for all. This two-channel film, initiated as a long-distance communication experiment, was the result of an exchange with Fred Moten, the poet and theorist whose work explores representation and identity in black avant-garde culture. Moten and Tsang left each other voicemail messages every day over a two-week period, never actually making contact, but often riffing off of the other's previous message. The recordings of these messages serve as voiceover for footage of the faces of Moten and Tsang looking directly at the camera with deadpan expressions. After witnessing a murder, a hapless pair of misfits escape their own near death experience by posing as male strippers - only to find themselves neck deep in even bigger trouble. After serving 28 years in prison for accidentally killing the son of a crime boss, newly paroled gangster Val reunites with his former partners in crime, Doc and Hirsch, for a night on the town. As the three men revisit old haunts, reflect on their glory days and try to make up for lost time, one wrestles with a terrible quandary: Doc has orders to kill Val, and time is running out for him to figure out a way out of his dilemma. Sean Anderson partners with his mom's boyfriend on a mission to find his grandfather, who is thought to be missing on a mythical island. Actor, Comedian, and Social Media Superstar Celeste Barber exposes the stories behind some of her most famous Instagram celebrity parody images, her new relationships with famous people, the pitfalls of being married to someone so much hotter than her, and what it's like to be an Anti-Influencer. For the past two years, high-school security guard Ben has been trying to show decorated APD detective James that he's more than just a video-game junkie who's unworthy of James' sister, Angela. When Ben finally gets accepted into the academy, he thinks he's earned the seasoned policeman's respect and asks for his blessing to marry Angela. Knowing that a ride along will demonstrate if Ben has what it takes to take care of his sister, James invites him on a shift designed to scare the hell out of the trainee. But when the wild night leads them to the most notorious criminal in the city, James will find that his new partner's rapid-fire mouth is just as dangerous as the bullets speeding at it. Agents J and K are back...in time. J has seen some inexplicable things in his 15 years with the Men in Black, but nothing, not even aliens, perplexes him as much as his wry, reticent partner. But when K's life and the fate of the planet are put at stake, Agent J will have to travel back in time to put things right. J discovers that there are secrets to the universe that K never told him - secrets that will reveal themselves as he teams up with the young Agent K to save his partner, the agency, and the future of humankind. Eloise, having been relieved of maid of honor duties after being unceremoniously dumped by the best man via text, decides to attend the wedding anyway - only to find herself seated with five fellow-unwanted guests at the dreaded Table 19. Estranged brothers Jim and Dave must travel to Branson together when their father dies and leaves them the lake home. A series of hilarious mishaps and costly misadventures follow as they attempt to restore the house and rebuild their relationship. In The Secret Lives of Dorks, Payton (Gaelan Connell) is a pathetic dork, a comic book geek whose high school career is one hopeless faux pas after another. Yet he's a dreamer and madly in love with the head cheerleader Carrie (Riley Voelkel), who he is determined to win over. But she is wise to his desperate advances, so to get off his radar she creates a plan to push him into the arms of a dorkette at the school, Samantha (Vanessa Marano). Two bounty hunters battle a mysterious conspiracy as they search for 'deceased' Enron CEO Kenneth Lay. Outwitting government agents, tobacco executives, and media personalities, their quest ultimately leads into space and rewrites their understanding of America's past and present. It's cronyism vs. crossbows and injustice vs. the American dollar as the movie takes aim all around! Asian Hawk (Jackie Chan) leads a mercenary team to recover several lost artifacts from the Old Summer Palace, the bronze heads of the 12 Chinese Zodiac animals which were sacked by the French and British armies from the imperial Summer Palace in Beijing in 1860. Assisted by a Chinese student & a Parisian lady, Hawk stops at nothing to accomplish the mission. A 14 year old genius gets rejected by Harvard and ends up at a much lower ranked school where he makes friends with a mature student. "Heart Land: A H-Indie Film," is a comedy of dil (heart) and miti (soil). An Indian-American consultant, Karan, is sent to Texas to save the finances of a Texan farm. Karan is the product of the most prestigious schools and consulting firms. He is all cosmopolitan, all Manhattan and all New York...all the time. In rural Texas, he happens to stick out...quite a bit. Hank, a rugged, man-of-the-earth, conservative Texan farmer hates city folk but must work with Karan to save the farm. Hank can't seem to comprehend how Karan uses spreadsheets, rather than his hands, to make the farm profitable. While working on the project, Karan falls in love with an all-American, sweet, beautiful and tough Texan farm girl: Heather. Heather just happens to be Hank's daughter. And she's fallen in love with Karan as well. The luxuriantly bearded Pirate Captain is a boundlessly enthusiastic, if somewhat less-than-successful, terror of the High Seas. With a rag-tag crew at his side, and seemingly blind to the impossible odds stacked against him, the Captain has one dream: to beat his bitter rivals Black Bellamy and Cutlass Liz to the much coveted Pirate of the Year Award. It's a quest that takes our heroes from the shores of exotic Blood Island to the foggy streets of Victorian London. Along the way they battle a diabolical queen and team up with a haplessly smitten young scientist, but never lose sight of what a pirate loves best: adventure! Deadpool tells the origin story of former Special Forces operative turned mercenary Wade Wilson, who after being subjected to a rogue experiment that leaves him with accelerated healing powers, adopts the alter ego Deadpool. Armed with his new abilities and a dark, twisted sense of humor, Deadpool hunts down the man who nearly destroyed his life. San Francisco attorney Adam is living an affluent, country-club lifestyle and is about to marry his boss's daughter. But he rethinks his situation when he visits his Louisiana hometown and reconnects with his low-achieving circle of friends. The directorial debut of Dustin Hoffman, Quartet is a high-drama comedy about temperamental divas and old grudges, passion and pride, romance and Rigoletto. At a home for retired musicians, the annual concert to celebrate Verdi's birthday is disrupted by the arrival of Jean, an eternal diva and former wife of one of the residents. Expect poignancy and plenty of laughs. Everything Adam knows about love, he learned from the movies. Unfortunately, Adam is no Cary Grant, and the closest he's come to experiencing true romance is one drunken night with his unrequited love, Kate. But that evening failed to live up to Adam's expectations, so he casts himself and Kate in a movie recreation of their one night, hoping for a better ending. It's a total flop, and Adam is forced to cast a new Kate when she no longer wants any part of her part. But re-casting Kate leads to an ending that even Adam never saw coming, in this playful comedy about love, movies, and how our love of movies affects how we love. Dark Horror comedy starring Raine Brown and Billy Garberina The story of the New York accent, as told by New Yorkers. A bigoted junkie cop suffering from bipolar disorder and drug addiction manipulates and hallucinates his way through the festive season in a bid to secure promotion and win back his wife and daughter. EAT DRINK LAUGH: The Story of The Comic Strip showcases the iconic New York comedy club where Jerry Seinfeld, Eddie Murphy, Chris Rock, Adam Sandler and hundreds of the best comedians of our time honed their craft. EAT DRINK LAUGH explores the struggles, triumphs, and incredible journey of the people who kept the comedy club's doors open and the comedians who graced its stage with their unique voices night after night since 1976. Among the comics featured in the film are Richard Belzer, Billy Crystal, Gilbert Gottfried, Arsenio Hall, Carol Leifer, Jay Leno, Richard Lewis, Bill Maher, Jerry Seinfeld, Eddie Murphy, Adam Sandler, Joe Piscopo, Colin Quinn, Paul Provenza, Paul Reiser, Ray Romano and Chris Rock. A look at the relationship between Mike and Sulley during their days at Monsters University -- when they weren't necessarily the best of friends. The third episode of the Cities of Love franchise, Rio, I Love You is an anthology, created by 10 visionary directors from across the globe. The story line of each segment focuses on an encounter of love in a different neighborhood of the city, demonstrating the distinctive qualities and character of that location. The film serves to bridge gaps between cultures, educating and entertaining the audience, while celebrating unique and universal expressions of love. A wise-ass on delivery detail ends up on the wrong side of the mob. Two brothers reconcile their relationship over the death of their father after they inherit his craps table and gambling debt. A dark comedy set in the world of underground casinos. The stories of a missing wife, a couple of meth heads and an Elvis impersonator are connected by the items found in a small town's pawn shop. A childless couple bury a box in their backyard, containing all of their wishes for an infant. Soon, a child is born, though Timothy Green is not all that he appears. Two French Canadian ne'er-do-wells travel to New York City with a scheme to a get rich quick selling Christmas trees. Scottish rappers Billy Boyd and Gavin Bain reinvent themselves as West Coast Homeboys after they were signed by Sony. A recent college graduate and his friends are forced to lower life expectations when they leave school for the real world. Life after college graduation is not exactly going as planned for Will and Jillian who find themselves lost in a sea of increasingly strange jobs. But with help from their family, friends and coworkers they soon discover that the most important (and hilarious) adventures are the ones that we don't see coming. Devoted lifeguard Mitch Buchannon butts heads with a brash new recruit. Together, they uncover a local criminal plot that threatens the future of the Bay. A dentist is desperate for patients. His wife has an idea how he might acquire them. She meets some men in the street and takes them to their flat where, just at the right moment, they are caught by her jealous husband. Naturally they pretend that they have come to have their teeth pulled out. Finally all of them conspire against the dentist in front of the house and throw themselves at the poor man. Renowned writer F. Scott Fitzgerald is living the last months of his life with his youthful secretary, confidant, and protege who later wrote a memoir of their time together. Breaking up with Mark Darcy leaves Bridget Jones over 40 and single again. Feeling that she has everything under control, Jones decides to focus on her career as a top news producer. Suddenly, her love life comes back from the dead when she meets a dashing and handsome American named Jack. Things couldn't be better, until Bridget discovers that she is pregnant. Now, the befuddled mom-to-be must figure out if the proud papa is Mark or Jack. After a campus-wide zombie outbreak a slacker college student must protect his younger brother while becoming the unlikely leader of a small band of quirky survivors. The story of the love affair between FDR and his distant cousin Margaret Stuckley, centered around the weekend in 1939 when the King and Queen of the United Kingdom visited upstate New York. Loser Ed has a lame job, a beater car, a crappy apartment and no hope of a girlfriend. Ed doesn't think things could get any worse for him until the day he woke up and found he had GONE ZOMBIE. Can Ed become the zombie he was born to be? A once-famous painter rediscovers inspiration when he befriends a sleepwalking cannibal. Two parents fall in love over the course of a single day while playing hooky from their children's college tour. A summer heat wave and a series of sexual encounters connect a group of New Yorkers. A frustrated radio DJ takes to the streets of Manhattan during the Republican National Convention after the FCC has slapped his station with $1 million in indecency fines, and popular radio personality Joe Pace (Josh Hamilton) isn't going down without a fight. As the streets fill with restless republicans, angry protestors, and other colorful characters, Joe arms himself with a wireless microphone and a portable transmitter in order to get the opinions of the average person on the street. Set in a bustling bird city on the edge of the majestic Victoria Falls, "Zambezia" is the story of Kai - a naive, but high-spirited young falcon who travels to the bird city of "Zambezia" where he discovers the truth about his origins and, in defending the city, learns how to be part of a community After he reunites with an old pal through Facebook, a mild-mannered accountant is lured into the world of international espionage. A woman struggles to escape the clutches of her overbearing, co-dependent mother, while gradually falling for a sexy, sophisticated attorney. A bittersweet coming-of-age film, Foreign Letters is itself a love letter to the unshakeable bond between friends. Set in the pre-email era of the 1980s, young Ellie, newly arrived to the US from Israel, anxiously waits for letters from her best friend back home. Suffering from homesickness, language difficulties and rejection at school, life brightens when she meets Thuy, a Vietnamese refugee her age. As the two bond and become inseparable, they eventually hurt each other, and Ellie must find a way to restore their trust. Based on director Ela Thier's personal immigration experience, Foreign Letters is a film about poverty, prejudice, shame, and the healing power of friendship. Two best friends, garbage truck drivers in Hollywood become celebrities overnight after they find Cuba Gooding Jr.'s Best Supporting Actor Oscar for JERRY MAGUIRE in the trash and suddenly their lives go topsy-turvy. Summoned from an ashram in Tibet, Ace finds himself on a perilous journey into the jungles of Africa to find Shikaka, the missing sacred animal of the friendly Wachati tribe. He must accomplish this before the wedding of the Wachati's Princess to the prince of the warrior Wachootoos. If Ace fails, the result will be a vicious tribal war. When a waning audience base, encroaching urban development and a crippling economy threaten to shutter a small Black Box theater in Brooklyn, the remaining company members send out a call for help, bringing in old blood and gambling on new creative partners to put on one last show. Shot on location in the DUMBO and Gowanus areas of Brooklyn, New York, and featuring a brilliant ensemble cast headlined by Cuyle Carvin (Alien Opponent, Mineville) and award winner Sarah-Doe Osborne (Best Actress, NYC Independent Film Festival), 'The End of Something' is a funny, bittersweet look at what happens when romance, friendship and youthful dreams come to an end. Six strangers (of different backgrounds, cultures, and economic statuses) are invited to a mysterious home, each for different reasons. With nothing in common, they soon find out that they are actually brothers and sisters. The father they never knew about has died. As a part of his last will and testament, he will spread his millions equally amongst them, if they are willing to spend the next 24 hours together. All hell is about to break loose. High-schooler Grover Beindorf and his younger sister Stacy decide that their parents, Janet and Ned, are acting childishly when they decide to divorce after 18 years of marriage, so they lock them up in the basement until they'll sort out their problems. Their school friends also decide to do the same with their parents to solve their respective problems A social satire in which a chauffeur accidentally becomes the editor of an online newspaper. A high school faculty lotto pool places its fate in the lucky numbers they've played for ten years after hearing budget cuts have eliminated all their jobs. Two best friends (Kate and Chloe) embark on a cross country trip back to their hometown to attempt to win a pageant that eluded them as children. Romantic comedy about a cinema director who is cheated by his producer and distributor, forcing him to make a low budget movie from a terrible script. A coming of age romantic comedy centered around the lives of twin brothers Luke and Corey Frankenstein in the pivotal months following college graduation. Orphaned at the age of five, the brothers inherited their family brewery and were left in the care of their uncle, a well-meaning but less than ideal paternal figure. Raised on beer, with the assumption they're all grown up, Luke and Corey decide it's time to finish their family beer; a beer their parents started but were never able to finish twenty years ago. But when the idealistic Luke meets a girl whose family shows him the home life he's always wanted, he abandons Corey and their family beer in pursuit of this budding relationship. Corey, however, refuses to go down without a fight, and the ensuing mayhem that follows pits brother against brother and forces the Colorado wild boys to finally grow up and decide what kind of men they really want to be. A camera crew has the unique opportunity to record Satan in his natural habitat and it looks like he's quite happy with it. He has the perfect job, he is for the most part feared and respected, and his minions jump to his every whim. After 6,000 years he is invited back to heaven, and he goes - expecting to return to his place beside God as Lucifer, the Angel of Light. But when it turns out the invitation is not for the expected welcome home, but is rather for Christ's Second Coming-out party, things quickly go to hell. Worse, his former girlfriend is now partnering with the biggest douche-bag in Heaven. Satan decides he misses the place anyway, and wants back in. So he decides he needs to find a way to re-earn God's respect in order to be welcomed back. We learn that the Devil does for once care - kind of. An old Jewish baker struggles to keep his business afloat until his young Muslim apprentice accidentally drops cannabis in the dough and sends sales sky high. A screwball comedy about a gay couple at a straight couple's wedding. Tortoise in Love is a feel-good romantic comedy in the tradition of Local Hero, Calendar Girls and The Full Monty. It's about an incredibly slow mover in love and the village that tries to speed him up.  The entire film is set in the beautiful English countryside of the Vale of the White Horse in Oxfordshire.  The story of the making of Tortoise in Love could almost be a film in itself. Almost the entire village of Kingston Bagpuize in Oxfordshire was involved in the making of the film. Young mums helped with the sales and design and publicity. Retired folk provided the drivers and stewards and props and logistics support. The Women's Institute organised a phenomenal catering effort and all the cast and crew were lodged in village homes for the duration of the shoot. The stories of various Angelenos are told through six chapters set in and around Los Angeles, California. Two children in 1917 take a photograph, believed by some to be the first scientific evidence of the existence of fairies. Based on a true story Hoping to bring his family closer together and to recreate his childhood vacation for his own kids, a grown up Rusty Griswold takes his wife and their two sons on a cross-country road trip to the coolest theme park in America, Walley World. Needless to say, things don't go quite as planned. Something sinister has come to the shores of Erin Island, unbeknownst to the quaint population of this sleepy fishing village resting somewhere off Ireland's coast. First, some fishermen go missing. Then there is the rash of whale carcasses suddenly washing up on the beach. When the murders start, it's up to two mismatched cops - an irresponsible alcoholic and his new partner, a by-the-book woman from the mainland - to protect the townsfolk from the giant, bloodsucking, tentacled aliens that prey upon them. Their only weapon, they discover, is booze. If they want to survive the creatures' onslaught, everyone will have to get very, very drunk! Pekka Malmikunnas is a bankrupt, penniless man, who has convinced his family that he is still the CEO of a large IT company. Maintaining this facade in order to save face has become something of a full-time job for him. When Pekka's parents unexpectedly come for a visit, he throws a lavish family dinner party in order to dispel any doubts. The soiree is a success until Pekka's god-daughter gets run over by a car. The reckless driver becomes a mutual enemy for the family. The driver tries to atone for his actions, but the situation spirals out of control and Pekka attacks the man. Pekka realizes things have gone too far and decides to tell his family the truth. It does not hurt as much as Pekka thought, bringing the pieces of a once broken family back together. Buddy is a ne'er-do-well surfer who mows lawns for a living in the small beach town of Playa Beach. Unbeknownst to him, he is being sought after by the Mob and the Police at the same time. After effeminate Reggie is picked on by the men at his club, a rough and ready ancestor appears to him and inspires him to become the ultimate he-man. The double life of Methodist minister's wife catches up to her, as her husband campaigns for Mayor in a small New Jersey town. The story of a mild-mannered radio executive (Ferrell) who strives to become the best stepdad ever to his wife's two children, but complications ensue when their freewheeling, freeloading real father arrives, forcing stepdad to compete for the affection of the kids. Poni and Mini are identical twins. They look so much alike that even their secret admirers cannot tell them apart and people tend to forget that they are individuals.  After thirty years of marriage, a middle-aged couple attends an intense, week-long counseling session to work on their relationship. When Melanie and Phil ask their son Danny what he wants for his birthday, they are greeted with the response that every parent dreads: a dog. When Danny selects his dog from the local shelter he lovingly names her Shelly in honour of all sheltered dogs. Realising that Shelly has a talent, Danny decides to enter her in the illustrious Wiener Dog Nationals race. Only one thing stands in their way: Ms Merryweather and her champion dog Princess. Two androgynous creatures embark on a psychotronic journey of self-discovery in a cruel, unusual, mostly male world in this dark comedy about two gay androids abandoned in a New Jersey suburb inhabited by God, the devil, and other lowlifes. A former sports star who's fallen on hard times starts coaching his son's soccer team in an attempt to get his life together. After a publisher changes a writer's debut novel about a deadly assassin from fiction to nonfiction, the author finds himself thrust into the world of his lead character, and must take on the role of his character for his own survival. The modern-day story focuses on two beautiful young vampires who are living the good nightlife in New York until love enters the picture and each has to make a choice that will jeopardize their immortality. Kadhal 2 Kalyanam is a Tamil-language romantic comedy film directed by newcomer Milind Rau that stars debutante Sathya, brother of Tamil actor Arya, and Divya Spandana in the lead roles, whilst, Jayashree, Nagendra Prasad, Kasthuri and Anuja Iyer play pivotal roles. Noted film critic Baradwaj Rangan had written the dialogues, while Yuvan Shankar Raja composed the film's score and soundtrack. Three best friends and dedicated roleplayers take to the woods to reenact a dungeons and dragons-like scenario as a live action role-playing game. Trouble arises when a prop spellbook purchased from the internet ends up being a genuine grimoire and they unwittingly conjure up a blood-lusting succubus from hell. When Steve Dallas, a womanizing local weatherman, hears that his off-the-grid best friend Ben Baker has lost his estranged father, the two return to Ben's childhood home. Once there, they discover Ben has inherited the family fortune, and the ill-equipped duo must battle Ben's formidable sister and deal with his father's gorgeous 25-year old widow. Carl Fredricksen spent his entire life dreaming of exploring the globe and experiencing life to its fullest. But at age 78, life seems to have passed him by, until a twist of fate (and a persistent 8-year old Wilderness Explorer named Russell) gives him a new lease on life. SMOKED is a controversial dark comedy about the misadventures of three gutter punk stoners whose housewarming party ends in flames. In their desperation, they create a half baked plan to rob an Oakland Cannabis Club.  The stoners rob the club without knowing that the clubs owner is notorious crack kingpin Tyrone Shank. In retribution, Shank unleashes the contract killers known only as: The Four Horsemen.  The hunt sends a wave of violence across the city as backyard brawls give way to frenzied shootouts while they try to escape through the criminal underworld. Ninjas, clowns, and freestyle rappers all get caught in the increasingly bizarre crossfire.  Acclaimed underground Bay Area performers bring savage action and sharp dialogue together with an all original soundtrack!  Cash. Crops. Corpses. They all burn the same... Bonus DVD to the album "Take a Look in the Mirror" The story of five girls and one epic night. The girls will find love, lust, girl-fights, rock and roll, and a whole lot of stoned sorority girls. Atom is an amazing zombie killer, has a horny girlfriend...and is the best bowler in the league! But don't tell that to Dario and the Slashers, the evil bowling rivals who will stop at nothing to thwart Atom and his buddies. When all of his problems come to a head, Atom must battle his worst nightmare--ZOMBIES! May the bloodbath begin! let's ROCK and BOWL in this outrageous horror comedy! Turbulent comedy about two Palestinian brothers who smuggle the dead body of their father from Jerusalem to Ramallah with the Israeli Police, a bunch of terrorists and the Russian Mafia breathing down their necks. Oscar and Arthur are two actors without fortune who survive unemployment with a routine street, where one represents the thief and the other to the police. Thanks to this performance are "hired" by Mr. Mauricio Tavares to play a practical joke on dangerous Don Antonio Robledo, a senior executive who suffer a fictional kidnapping for later culminate in a surprise party. Heiress, Joanna Stayton hires carpenter, Dean Proffitt to build a closet on her yacht -- and refuses to pay him for the project when it's done. But after Joanna accidentally falls overboard and loses her memory, Dean sees an opportunity to get even. Two young, strong-willed Scottish sisters, one a left-wing activist, the other a most-popular-girl-in-school type, take their late father's ashes to Cuba, the site of many family legends of his services to the Revolution. Arriving in Havana, the two women promptly lose the ashes and go through a series of misadventrues - both romantic and dangerous - to try to retrieve them. A colourful and wryly humourous tale of cross-cultural misunderstandings and lost illusions. When son, Billy, becomes a zombie the family chooses to take care of him in the home much to the chagrin of the neighbors and the local crime boss. A mentally unhinged factory worker must decide whether to listen to his talking cat and become a killer, or follow his dog's advice to keep striving for normalcy. Following a breakdown and suicide attempt, an aging actor becomes involved with a much younger woman but soon finds that it's difficult to keep pace with her. An ensemble film about four everyday people: a store manager, a security guard, a fire fighter and a clerk who struggle in the aftermath of trauma. Estranged twins Maggie and Milo coincidentally cheat death on the same day, prompting them to reunite and confront the reasons their lives went so wrong. As the twins' reunion reinvigorates them, they realize the key to fixing their lives may just lie in repairing their relationship. Shaquille has grown up below the radar and believes that his ticket to a better life lies in throwing a college party. All hell breaks loose as Shaq tries to fix the party--and his future. Love, Guns & Christmas is a dark comedy about two men in the witness protection program. After a few years in hiding, they sneak back into town for Christmas to see their friends while dodging the mafia and the police whose protection they will lose if caught. Palo Alto weaves together three stories of teenage lust, boredom, and self-destruction: shy, sensitive April, torn between an illicit flirtation with her soccer coach and an unrequited crush on sweet stoner Teddy; Emily, who offers sexual favors to any boy to cross her path; and the increasingly dangerous exploits of Teddy and his best friend Fred, whose behavior may or may not be sociopathic. Having a self-absorbed New Age mother and an estranged father means 15-year-old Ellis Whitman has grown up relying on an unconventional guardian: a goat-trekking, marijuana-growing sage called Goat Man. So when Ellis decides to leave the alternative ways of his desert homestead for a stuffy East Coast prep school, major changes are in store. But not in the way you'd think. Though often stoned, the exceedingly smart and capable Ellis effortlessly aces school and excels at track. As the year progresses, it's his relationships with the adults in his life that test him, challenging his beliefs about responsibility and trustworthiness.  Two helpless high school geeks travel to Russia the summer before their senior year in hopes of losing their virginity at a summer camp that "guarantees" they'll get laid. David Portnoy, a 15-year-old birding fanatic, thinks that he's made the discovery of a lifetime. So, on the eve of his father's remarriage, he escapes on an epic road trip with his best friends to solidify their place in birding history. An aging Texas cattle man who has outlived his time swings into action when outlaws kidnap his grandson. Challenges of impending parenthood turn the lives of five couples upside down. Two celebrities are unprepared for the surprise demands of pregnancy; hormones wreak havoc on a baby-crazy author, while her husband tries not to be outdone by his father, who's expecting twins with his young trophy wife; a photographer's husband isn't sure about his wife's adoption plans; a one-time hook-up results in a surprise pregnancy for rival food-truck owners. What seems to be a chance encounter one day at a coffee shop leads to a full-fledged romance, but the couple must fight for their relationship to survive the craziness that is show business. When a woman tries to outwit her husband's sexy young mistress, the unexpected consequences include starring as King Lear in a very amateur production - with the mistress, an aspiring actress, playing The Fool. After a zombie becomes involved with the girlfriend of one of his victims, their romance sets in motion a sequence of events that might transform the entire lifeless world. A sex therapist goes through puberty after the successful removal of a benign tumor resting against his pituitary gland. He experiences all the changes and effects of puberty over a three-week period. In the town of Copper Canyon, people are cashing in on an economic housing boom, and the local country club is buzzing about the investment opportunity. Once vivacious couple, Roger (Vincent D'Onofrio) and Georgie  (Kyra Sedgwick), have settled into a complacent lifestyle of mediocrity where their marriage is falling apart and their children are turning away from them. Nonetheless, the desperately discontent Georgie pushes Roger into finding a way to invest in the market bubble in the hopes that their family can be saved with the money they are sure to make. When local tennis pro and part-time drug dealer, Pat (Rhys Coiro), comes to Roger for investment advice, Roger sees his opportunity.  Torn by the reality that his family could be saved by this dirty money, Roger finds himself staring down the barrel of a moral conundrum. Before introverted word-nerd Zoe gains the courage to enter the National Scrabble Championship, she meets her emotional match in Marty, an irascible recluse. She finds him equally pitted against the opposing forces in her life - other people - including family, co-workers and a couple of particularly irksome adversaries standing in the way of her dream to become the world's second female National Scrabble Champion. In a world connected by YouTube, iTunes, and Facebook, Lola and her friends navigate the peer pressures of high school romance and friendship while dodging their sometimes overbearing and confused parents. When Lola's mom, Anne, "accidentally" reads her teenage daughter's racy journal, she realizes just how wide their communication gap has grown. Documentary about polish director Krzysztof Kieslowski Polar bear Norm and his three Arctic lemming buddies are forced out into the world once their icy home begins melting and breaking apart. Landing in New York, Norm begins life anew as a performing corporate mascot, only to discover that his new employers are directly responsible for the destruction of his polar home. Two top CIA operatives wage an epic battle against one another after they discover they are dating the same woman. The men who made millions from a global economic meltdown. Asterix crosses the channel to help second-cousin Anticlimax face down Julius Caesar and invading Romans. In a dying town in Serbia daydreamer Marko is on the verge of divorce from the love of his life, Ljubinka. When an old communist-era monument is removed from the Main Square, he comes up with the idea to build a monument to Michael Jackson in order to save his town and seduce his wife again. But the town's mayor has his own plans. An unemployed lingerie buyer convinces her bail bondsman cousin to give her a shot as a bounty hunter. Her first assignment is to track down a former cop on the run for murder - the same man who broke her heart years before. With the help of some friends and the best bounty hunter in the business, she slowly learns what it takes to be a true bounty hunter. Marion and Mingus both come from failed relationships but, by bringing their children together, they've managed to form a small yet happy family. Tensions in their household soon begin to spike when Marion's jovial father shows up on their doorstep with his randy daughter and her peculiar boyfriend in tow. As the motor-mouthed houseguests shatter every taboo imaginable, the happy couple begin to question their commitment. Cultures collide when an old Armenian man stars in a new reality show The characters we met a little more than a decade ago return to East Great Falls for their high-school reunion. In one long-overdue weekend, they will discover what has changed, who hasn't, and that time and distance can't break the bonds of friendship. A young wannabe musician  who discovers he has bitten off more than he can chew when he joins an eccentric pop band led by the mysterious and enigmatic Frank. Ville, 25, is a downbeat former child star who's successfully avoided his womanizing rock 'n' roll dad for years. Everything changes when his dad moves into his flat and they both fall in love with the same American line-dancing teacher. Derek and Hansel are modelling again when an opposing company attempts to take them out from the business. A straight-laced pharmacist's uneventful life spirals out of control when he starts an affair with a trophy wife customer who takes him on a joyride involving sex, drugs and possibly murder. Pancho (Juan Manuel Rodil) is an independent filmmaker from Buenos Aires which is pushed by his grandfather Faust (Horacio Dener), to go after the loot of Butch Cassidy, who lived in Cholila (Chubut) between 1901 and 1905. Pursued by Commissioner Galvez (Oscar Huberty) for a crime he did't commit, Pancho will intersect with Nancy (Carla Pandolfi) and Anibal (Adrian Garavano). They will help him to find the treasure before Dimitri (Hernan Varela) a heartless professional searcher. Marco the Monkey works as a beach officer. But he spends most of his time trying to win the heart of the beautiful Lulu. He is just about to succeed, when Marco's rival, Carlo, builds a gigantic monkey-shaped casino right on Marco's beach. Lulu is fascinated by the charming Carlo. Jealously Marco starts an undercover investigation of Carlo's strange casino. Soon he discovers the truth. Carlo will take over the island and force Lulu to marry him! When Marco tries to arrest Carlo a problem rises. Literally from the ground. Because Carlo's Casino is a giant robot. Ailidh (Mirren Burke) has two loves in this world: spying on her neighbours and writing graphic novels. The arrival of Jacob (Rollo Weeks - Girl with a Pearl Earring), inspires Ailidh and she soon begins conjuring up increasingly elaborate plans to bump into him. Upstairs, Mrs Nicholls (Sylvia Syms - The Queen) provides Ailidh with a perfect opportunity and she soon has Jacob teaching Mrs Nicholls dead husband French. Unfortunately, Ailidh's romantic endeavours are disrupted when she realises she isn't the only girl in Jacob's life. Featuring compelling performances from an exceptional cast of actors, the debut feature from Bryan O'Neil is a funny, unique and heart-warming story of love, life and moving on. Two turkeys from opposite sides of the tracks must put aside their differences and team up to travel back in time to change the course of history--and get turkey off the holiday menu for good. The balance of power in four couples' relationships is upset when the women start using the advice in Steve Harvey's book, Act Like A Lady, Think Like A Man, to get more of what they want from their men. When the men realize that the women have gotten a hold of their relationship "playbook," they decide that the best defense is a good offense and come up with a plan to use this information to their advantage. Brian is a private school student who routinely lends his van out so fellow students can have sex in it. When he is invited to become friends with Tony, the school's big man on campus, he hopes to get some romantic pointers so that he might use his van himself with dream girl Suzie. Things become more complicated, however, when he discovers Tony is sleeping with Suzie himself. A divorced man falls in love, but somehow he can't get over his ex-wife. This effects his love life in comic ways. Based on Dan Wakefield's novel. Burt Reynolds is an attractive middle-aged man who suffers a crisis of confidence when ditched by his ambitious singer wife (Candice Bergen), until he begins to forge a new new relationship with an equally insecure teacher (Jill Clayburgh). But when the wife attempts a reconciliation - seduction followed by a truly excruciating song she has composed for him - he realizes where his loyalty lies. In the town of Blithe Hollow, Norman Babcock can speak to the dead, but no one other than his eccentric new friend believes his ability is real. One day, Norman's eccentric uncle tells him of a ritual he must perform to protect the town from a curse cast by a witch centuries ago. Living in a fantasy era long gone and obsessed with old time country stars, the prettiest girl in a small Arizona town finds a lost iPod filled with songs that speak to her sensitive heart. Jolene Gillis is convinced the owner is her soul mate and she is thrust into a sexy, heartwarming and hilarious adventure of mistaken identities, ATVs, line dancing competitions, kidnappers, time machines and doppelgangers. Hector is a quirky psychiatrist who has become increasingly tired of his humdrum life. As he tells his girlfriend, Clara, he feels like a fraud: he hasn't really tasted life, and yet he's offering advice to patients who are just not getting any happier. So Hector decides to break out of his deluded and routine driven life. Armed with buckets of courage and child-like curiosity, he embarks on a global quest in hopes of uncovering the elusive secret formula for true happiness. And so begins a larger than life adventure with riotously funny results. Jack will do anything to win his league - even take out his opponents players. Jack Snow is a family man obsessed with winning his high stakes fantasy football league. He's a huge fan of fantasy football and professional football, but his wife forbids him to play. Steve-O, Jack's friend, convinces him to play one more time. Jack keeps it secret from his wife and son. He must take home the league championship in order to win the $60,000 payout. Two estranged 20-something siblings find themselves living together once again in their parents' Minnesota home, where they discover home movies they made together as kids. After watching their old James Bond spoofs, talk shows, and Saturday Night Live sketches, they are inspired to make 'The Sarah and Beau Show', a talk/variety show for the Internet. Long-haired, loud, and a real long way from home. The hip thrusting glam metal band with an image problem has come to a part of the world that suffers the same. The Middle East. Their mission: make music videos, and get out alive. The band are furious though when they learn that management has given the job of directing their videos to a relatively inexperienced Jordanian film maker by the name of Anas. Dealing with the band's egos, tantrums and paranoia, Anas struggles to help the band create the right image for their new songs. It all makes for a volatile but hilarious mix. The band soon falls apart though and Anas faces even greater pressure to pull the video clips off. For as he knows too well; in a world that rocks, image makes the difference. A down and out journey into a land of raunchy and bizarre sexual encounters. Jackson is a struggling artist with a dead end job and a terrible love life. Lately his loneliness is getting the best of him and he finds himself desiring something more out life. But in the city of Los Angeles, the good girls are few and far between. And what do you do when the prospect of some quick lovin' loses it's appeal? A love story about a woman who "just wants someone who makes her laugh" and a man who is not that funny. As he tries to learn how to be the man she says she wants, they each find an unexpected chance at happiness.  An auto-dynasty family experiences scandal, adultery, incest and power struggles in a juicy adaptation of Harold Robbins's best-selling novel. Ruthless patriarch Loren (Laurence Olivier) hires racecar driver Angelo (Tommy Lee Jones) to build a more efficient vehicle against the wishes of his grandson (Robert Duvall). But things get even messier when Angelo romances two women in Loren's life -- his great-granddaughter and his mistress. Set during World War II, somewhere in Eastern Europe. A German soldier is found dead near the village. The local authorities must find the culprit, or they will be all shot by the Nazis the morning after. There's no way to find the guilty one, but there's Ipu, the madman of the village, whom they promise a hero's funeral if he will claims responsibility and agrees to die in their place. He must decide, and time is running out. Grant Cogswell, a liberal music critic decides to run for city council against a popular black incumbent and is assisted by a reporter who recently lost his job. Initially given no chance, things turn dark when Cogswell makes it into the general election. Based on a true story. Three high school seniors throw a party to make a name for themselves. As the night progresses, things spiral out of control as word of the party spreads. Newlywed couple Ted and Tami-Lynn want to have a baby, but in order to qualify to be a parent, Ted will have to prove he's a person in a court of law. Since the moment they met at age 5, Rosie and Alex have been best friends, facing the highs and lows of growing up side by side. A fleeting shared moment, one missed opportunity, and the decisions that follow send their lives in completely different directions. As each navigates the complexities of life, love, and everything in between, they always find their way back to each other - but is it just friendship, or something more?  Based on Cecelia Ahern's bestselling novel, LOVE, ROSIE is a heart-warming, modern comedy-of-errors posing the ultimate question: do we really only get one shot at true love? At the height of the Cold War, a mysterious criminal organization plans to use nuclear weapons and technology to upset the fragile balance of power between the United States and Soviet Union. CIA agent Napoleon Solo and KGB agent Illya Kuryakin are forced to put aside their hostilities and work together to stop the evildoers in their tracks. The duo's only lead is the daughter of a missing German scientist, whom they must find soon to prevent a global catastrophe. Corey had it all - a successful career, bags of charm and, most of all, a bright future with his boyfriend. But, when his other half commits the ultimate betrayal and dumps him for a woman, he embarks upon a wild journey of self-discovery. Soon, he meets a potentially perfect new guy but first he needs to make some life-changing choices. Selling the world from the trunk of his worn and dented 1948 Tucker, James Frederickson travels across the American countryside with nothing but a car full of altlases and a sales pitch. However, as he arrives in the mysterious town of Periphery, Texas, he begins to realize that the small desert community might not be what it seems. Encountering a farewell parade that sees one of Periphery's elderly citizens off to an unertain destination and a one-man welcome wagon named Peter who can only hint at the town's closesly guarded secret, James comes to learn that even when everything becomes clear, the best things in life can remain unexplained Desperate to be rid of her toddler, a dissatisfied Beverly Hills housewife hires a stranger to babysit and ends up getting much more than she bargained for.  Released from federal prison after 20 years due to his ailing health, a formerly powerful New York mobster moves back home and attempts to reconnect with former life in this poignant Sopranos-esque character study. An imaginative teenage girl, living in a mystical and dangerous community built on a deserted drive-in movie lot along the Texas/Oklahoma border, struggles to realize her potential, and escape the world she was born into. Six best friends decide to make an impulse trip to Las Vegas in hopes of mending Santi and Annie's dying relationship. When Clive decides to stage a breakdown so Santi can "save the day", ... They don't come in peace. The heroic story of a dictator who risks his life to ensure that democracy would never come to the country he so lovingly oppressed. Twenty-something Alan (Gleeson) is down on his luck. Stood up at the altar and recently fired from his banking job, he finds himself working with his mother as a part-time tourist advisor at Dublin Airport. It's there he comes face to face with first love Alice (Pare), stuck on standby for a flight home to New York. Their summer romance ended eight years previously with Alan promising to return to the US one day. He never did, and they haven't spoken since. Seizing his chance, Alan convinces a reluctant Alice to stay one more night in Dublin. Over the course of an unforgettable evening, they may just realise that they are more compatible than ever. But time is running out on this brief encounter. When does an unexpected second chance, become the one you've always been looking for?  - Written by Wildcard Distribution On Halloween night, the lives of two suburban couples unravel when an exotic blue wine unleashes a roller-coaster ride of primal feelings and unspoken desires. Ari, the coolest and most handsome guy at his school, is challenged by his friends, The Daks, to find a girlfriend who is definitely not interested in him. Ara, an introverted and smart girl in school, is Ari's target. It turns out that Ara is the daughter of Ari's producer as a DJ. Ari is shocked because all of Ara's views about him. This make him question himself. Azka, Ari's old friend, then moves to Ari's school and close to Ara. Ari, who tries to hide his inner wounds because of his family's condition, also has to try to win Ara's heart. The truth about the betting is finally revealed. A high school biology teacher moonlights as a mixed-martial arts fighter in an effort to raise money to save the school's music program. Comedy Drama starring Rick Rossovich, Mike Dwyer, Katie Keene Welcome to Penskeegee's 25th Annual POP-U-larity singing contest! Join our celebrity host, Marcellas Reynolds from the hit reality show 'Big Brother,' as our contestants compete to become Penskeegee's most POP-U-lar person! This years competitors include four-time diva champion Katrina Whitman aided by her loyal gay assistant Sebastian, cowboy Charlene Hornsby and her new age musical therapist Celeste, and housewife Marcia Anderson singing with her edgy performance artist son, Darque. Our contestants come from all walks of life and some from no walks of life. Each performance is as unique as the package it comes in. Because whatever they decide to do... There's no wrong way to be POP-U-lar! A cocky young man travels to Oregon to work on an apple farm. Out of his element, he finds his lifestyle and notions being picked apart by everyone who crosses his path. During an emergency landing on a deserted island suddenly traumatized by antiauthoritarian education Lena Schneider (Josefine Preuss) together with the Turkish Super Macho Cem Ozturk (Elyas M'Barek) must fight for survival. After initially Cem macho repulsive acts on Lena, a jellyfish in the water and sand in a bikini, she recognizes the time the romantic core behind his cool facade. Meanwhile, meet also their parents, who obdurate psychologist Doris (Anna Stieblich) and Metin Ozturk (Adnan Maral) to work together to find their missing children. So both generations take an involuntary Turkish Basic Course for beginners. After Kick-Ass' insane bravery inspires a new wave of self-made masked crusaders, he joins a patrol led by the Colonel Stars and Stripes. When these amateur superheroes are hunted down by Red Mist -- reborn as The Mother Fucker -- only the blade-wielding Hit-Girl can prevent their annihilation. A comedic spoof based on the worldwide phenomenon "The Twilight Saga." An elderly Israeli Jew of Greek origins was sent to Greece to represent his town in a town twinning ceremony, however he went instead to search for his friend from the childhood, who saved him from the Holocaust. In meantime he formed a special relationship with young Greek woman, and dealt with the broken relationship with his devout Hasidic son. A group of college friends are reunited after the death of their very successful friend. The will dictates that each person will receive a large sum of money if they can all successfully stay in his mansion for a week. If one person leaves, everyone forfeits the money. In a cold French city where suicide is a common urge, there is a colorful shop, managed for many years by the Tuvache family, where it is very easy to obtain the necessary tools to satisfy the sinister desires of so many depressed citizens. A charismatic, crazy hothead transforms a family's life when she becomes the nanny of five girls. Rattled by sudden unemployment, a Manhattan couple surveys alternative living options, ultimately deciding to experiment with living on a rural commune where free love rules. Everything changes for Eva when she receives an insurance settlement check accidentally made out for $5,000,000 instead of the expected $50.000. She and her best friend take the money and head out for the adventure of a lifetime. After a Soviet space station crashes into a New York City subway tunnel, a species of venomous spiders is discovered, and soon they mutate to gigantic proportions and wreak havoc on the city.  Starring Patrick Muldoon, Christa Campbell, directed by Tibor Takacs. Originally called "Spiders 3D" but now simply "Spiders" An unusually cold winter forces the french government to push the best housed people to accommodate some poor fellow citizens. The decree called "Le Grand Partage" creates some trouble among the residents of a Paris upscale apartment block. A weathered Sheriff returns to the remains of an accident he has spent a lifetime trying to forget. With each step forward, the memories come flooding back. Faced with his mistake once again, he must find the strength to carry on. During the Blitz of World War II, a female screenwriter (Gemma Arterton) works on a film celebrating England's resilience as a way to buoy a weary populace's spirits. Her efforts to dramatise the true story of two sisters (Lily Knight and Francesca Knight) who undertook their own maritime mission to rescue wounded soldiers are met with mixed feelings by a dismissive all-male staff. A pair of aging boxing rivals are coaxed out of retirement to fight one final bout -- 30 years after their last match. Wren is invited to a Halloween party by her crush, Aaron Riley, but she is also forced by her mother to take her oddball little brother Albert with her when she goes out trick-or-treating on Halloween. When she goes to the party instead, she loses him and must find him before her mother finds out. Two common criminals get more than they bargained for after kidnapping the wife of a corrupt real-estate developer who shows no interest in paying the $1 million dollar ransom for her safe return. In 1977 a group of young, horny, out of control Christians are spending a fun filled weekend at the mountain lakeside Happy Day Bible Camp. One by one these youthful sinners pay a BLOODY penance for their misdeeds. Flash forward 7 years, when another youth group of Bible toters return, lead by "Father Richard Cummings" (Reggie Bannister), "Sister Mary Chopper," (Tim Sullivan) goes bloody murder after the camp - emphasis on CAMP - with stand out performances by folks like Gigi Bannister, Jessica Sonneborn, Troy Guthrie, Deborah Venegas, Jay Fields, and Jeff Dylan Graham. In the end, Bannister and Troup must face down the a transvestite serial killing nun in a fight to the death, and call upon the higher graces of the infamous Ron Jeremy as "Jesus" guide them through! A hilarious campy equal opportunity offensive film that will have you DIE laughing! Zack (Haas) is a young, divorced father who starts to develop romantic feelings towards his friend Rebecca (Zima), whom he refers to as "Crazy Eyes". He spends a lot of time at a bar run by his best friend Dan Drake (Busey) and hanging out with Autumn (Raymonde). As he pursues a sexual relationship with Rebecca, Zack grows increasingly aware of the importance of his son's role in his life amidst the failing health of his own father. When the number one junior player in the country is injured, she begins to discover the teenage life she never got to live... and find the love she never thought she'd have. Follow the career paths of a few of the brightest emerging comedians. Along the way, discover how laughter connects us all. When her father seemingly goes missing, divorcee Laura LeCrois is forced to return home after a 20-year hiatus. However, home is not the way Laura remembers it. Her father is in major debt with the bank, her ex-boyfriend is the town sheriff, and her ex-husband has quit his job as a world-renowned professor who is now suspiciously buying up swampland in the area. In an effort to save the swamp and to pass the time, Laura decides to work the dying family business giving boat tours of the Louisiana swamp. But on her first sunset tour, deep in the swamp, Laura and her passengers witness two Bayou swamp rats toss a squirming body into a gator pit, only the gators aren't the ones that feast on the flesh. Instead it's the most terrifying creature Laura has ever seen...(IMDB,com) The title is an oblique reference to Warhol's The Philosophy of Andy Warhol (From A to B and Back Again) where Warhol famously spoke of his understanding of death. He didn't believe in it, he said. His work, perhaps as a result, is a constant celebration of presence. This piece, using a methodology diametrically opposed to Warhol's own, revisits stray elements (a seagull, reflections of the filmmaker in the window, a blinking light and so on) that pass incidentally through that moment of monumental presence we experience in 'Empire'. In TInseltown, the world of scheming and dreaming reaches a particularly nasty low when a powerful producer known as the 'Senator' hatches a plan to undermine the future success of his shady arch rival, the 'Master' in more ways than one.  His plot begins with the simple delivery of a silver briefcase.  But nothing is simple in Hollywood.  The case goes missing, which sets off a chain of events that are categorically not part of the plan.  The Senator engages the best of his team to locate the package, but doesn't count on the tenacity of two thugs who now have the mystery prize in their curious possession. Bianca's universe turns upside down when she learns that her high school refers to her as a 'DUFF' (Designated Ugly Fat Friend). Hoping to erase that label, she enlists the help of a charming jock and her favorite teacher. Together they'll face the school's mean girl and remind everyone that we are all someone's DUFF... and that's totally fine. After she spends all her money, an evil enchantress queen schemes to marry a handsome, wealthy prince. There's just one problem - he's in love with a beautiful princess, Snow White. Now, joined by seven rebellious dwarves, Snow White launches an epic battle of good vs. evil... Manny, Diego, and Sid embark upon another adventure after their continent is set adrift. Using an iceberg as a ship, they encounter sea creatures and battle pirates as they explore a new world. Lisa, a high school sophomore, has been hiding her hopeless crush on Todd, the irresistibly likable junior in her art class. Her life starts to unravel when he asks her to help him get to know the beautiful Ellie, her longtime friend living in England. All the while Cindy, Todd's ruthless ex, resorts to sinister schemes to stop Lisa and Ellie, so she can win him back, and Todd's image-conscious friends try to discourage him from befriending the ordinary-looking Lisa. Randall Dooley is a geek. His three best friends are geeks too. He works in a game shop, he spends all his free time playing online games, his older brother bullies him unmercifully, his ... A six year old boy named Jojo wakes up from a car crash deep within the woods. He reluctantly pulls his baby sister from the wreckage, plops her into his back pack, and together they try to make it home alive An alien comes to earth with a botanical virus, but a gutsy Arizona widow wins him over with her garden-fresh cooking, and then tries to topple the corrupt government that put him up to it. Blake is a talented acting student as well as an unrealistic dreamer when it comes down to how to make a living until he makes it "big". Continuously fired from minimum wage employment, Blake and his best friend Elliot get sucked into the dangerous world of gambling. Luckily, Blake's sister Angela has proven to be a reliable roommate and so far taken care of her irresponsible younger brother. When a car crash on the way to a job interview lands her in the hospital, Blake offers to start the job in his sister's place, which turns out to be more complicated than expected: His ward is the homely and socially inept 20-year-old agoraphobic Giselle, who insists on a *female* assistant. However, the girl and her mother have never met Angela in person, and thus Blake is able to transform himself into a convincingly enough version of his sister. A retired woman hires a dance instructor to give her private dance lessons at her home -- one per week for six weeks. What begins as an antagonistic relationship turns into a close friendship as they dance together. In 2040, a generation of Torontonians have grown up after the economic collapse of the west. The movie consists of episodes of a documentary series popular in mainland China about the bad jobs some white people have -- the plucky and resilient souls unlucky enough to be born into the slums of North America are both amusing and moving to the Chinese audience. Oscar is a digital janitor, and has to manually cover up logos for copyright reasons in the future's answer to Google StreetView maps. Gary and Karen assemble robot baby dolls for the children of the wealthy in Asia. Anton and Toph are spider silk collectors. Serina is human spam and makes a living by mentioning brands and products in casual conversation. Plant loving Hilda, has created a museum where she preserves endangered and rare plants from all over the world. Meanwhile Attilem, a new genetically modified cereal, is launched on the market. Growing with little water and fertilizer while generating high crop field Attilem looks like an ideal solution to eradicate starvation and provide an alternative to diminishing oil reserves. But nothing is at it seems... Three people from different walks of life find themselves trapped inside a stalled elevator. What at first seems like an inconvenience rapidly escalates into a nightmare. It's 1968, and four young, talented Australian Aboriginal girls learn about love, friendship and war when they entertain the US troops in Vietnam as singing group The Sapphires. Movie star Vincent Chase, together with his boys, Eric, Turtle and Johnny, are back...and back in business with super agent-turned-studio head Ari Gold. Some of their ambitions have changed, but the bond between them remains strong as they navigate the capricious and often cutthroat world of Hollywood. In the year 1590, the mighty warlord Toyotomi Hideyoshi is close to fulfilling his ambition of unifying all of Japan under his banner when he comes across unexpected resistance in the form of a floating fortress known as Oshi Castle. Narita Nagachika, a frivolous hedonistic fellow and unlikely candidate for the position of rebel general, finds himself in charge of defending the castle. His odds? An army of 500 men to combat Toyotomi Hideyoshi's army of 20,000. The story of journalist, Edward R Murrow's stand against Senator McCarthy's anti-communist witch-hunts in the early 1950s. Set in the 1970's, MIGHTY FINE is the story of Joe Fine (Chazz Palminteri) a charismatic, high-spirited man, who relocates his family--wife Stella (Andie MacDowell), a Holocaust survivor, daughters Nathalie (Jodelle Ferland) and Maddie (Rainey Qualley)--from Brooklyn to New Orleans, in search of a better life. Unfortunately, Joe's spending spree is wildly out of touch with reality, as his apparel business is teetering on the brink of collapse, a fact he refuses to accept. Written and directed by Debbie Goodstein, MIGHTY FINE is told from the perspective of an adult Nathalie remembering the events of her youth, and is inspired by Goodstein's memories of her own father. MIGHTY FINE ultimately shows how coming to terms with the past without judgment is the most fruitful way to move toward the future. im Crawley (Michael Manasseri - WEIRD SCIENCE, LICENSE TO DRIVE, DIRTY LOVE, BABYSITTER WANTED) is having a really bad day. He gets fired from his job at the nuclear power plant, his car is towed, he discovers his wife is having an affair, then a kind man who saves his life turns out to be an evil scientist. Jim is abducted by the scientist and infected with a deadly mosquito-borne virus that is spreading across the planet. Turns out all those years of exposure to nuclear radiation and rabid mosquito DNA don't mix very well. Unfortunately for the scientist (RICKY WAYNE) and anyone else whoever wronged Jim, vengeance comes in the form of the half man-half mosquito. As children, British actor Paul Blackthorne and Australian photographer Mister Basquali both fell in love with America. Later they each fulfilled their dream to live here, but after two wars, a near economic collapse, and uncertainty about the country's direction, these two expats began to have doubts -- was America still the great place they once dreamed of? They drive across America to find out, interviewing random people about issues that affect and confront us all. From the ghetto to the gun show, the courthouse to the cattle yard, they are touched by the wisdom and insight of the people they meet. This American Journey is a cinematic postcard from the people to the people, teaching us that hearts can be healed at the most unexpected times and in the most unexpected places. The child-duo Rico and Oskar, one of them is quite more sluggish, but precisely because of fantasy and own world view; the other one is a smart whiz, but scared for life. Lovable and friendly, the trolls love to play around. But one day, a mysterious giant shows up to end the party. Poppy, the optimistic leader of the Trolls, and her polar opposite, Branch, must embark on an adventure that takes them far beyond the only world they've ever known. The story takes place in modern-day eastern Serbia, still fertile ground for various forms of superstition and prejudice. Zorica is a village girl who carries a curse. Ever since her first boyriend mysteriously drowned in the river, men around her are dying in most bizarre ways. The plot thickens when stubborn policeman Maane who doesn't believe in 'village tales' tries to investigate whether Zorica is a serial killer or a girl looking for love. All JT wants is his freedom and a cigarette. But these are hard times: the steakhouse just fired him, his car broke down, he's broke. So when his buddies plan to rob the steakhouse - to steal the meat - it sounds like a good idea. What could go wrong? Caesar and Otto are employed with Xmas Enterprises and have run into a little problem. It seems a disgruntled Santa (employee) has a new list this year...instead of checking who's Naughty or Nice...he has Who's Next on the Kill List. That's right Santa is on a Killing Spree and looks to blame Caesar and Otto! Ashley is in his late-twenties, Holly is in her early-twenties. They're both very much lost in their individual quarter-life crises. Ashley quit his job to travel in search of clarity. He ventures to his childhood home with plans of breaking-and-entering for the nostalgic rush. Along the way he meets Holly, who, after a short-lived relationship with her restaurant manager, also finds herself jobless and aimless. The film chronicles Holly and Ashley's brief, odd, hysterical commiseration as grown-up children stumbling through life's final bout of growing pains. Shakey is a family film about a 35-year-old widower named J.T. O'Neil, his precocious 10-year-old daughter and their devoted mutt Shakey. After moving from a small town to Chicago and missing the fine print in their rental contract, J.T. is forced to try and get rid of his lovable pooch. Shakey and Chandler won't have it and hatch a plan to keep Shakey and teach J.T. a valuable lesson about loyalty and the importance of keeping family together. Axe Giant - The Wrath of Paul Bunyon is a dark, contemporary take on the tall tale. Kids at a first-time offenders' boot camp discover the legend of lumberjack Paul Bunyan is real, but is much more horrifying than they could have imagined. They incur the wrath of the 15-foot monstrous giant, who was banished from town 100 years ago and thought dead. A small town girl leaves her Pittsburgh roots to pursue a life-long dream of becoming a Hollywood actress. When her road trip goes wrong, and her dream isn't quite realized, Holliejean must decide between what is a more traditional and realistic lifestyle, and what her heart most desires. Searching for the answer to her lifes calling, Holliejean might just discover that she had what it takes to Make It all along. With emphasis on diversity and inclusion, Pie Head: (A Kinda True Story), features actors and crew members with Autism and other diverse abilities and disabilities in a unique, family-friendly, diversity-friendly film that reflects life as it truly presents itself: A topsy-turvy journey of self-doubt, self-discovery, love, loss, inspiration, fulfillment, faith and a hard-won realization that it doesnt take fame and fortune to be a Star. An exploration of the making of b-movie sci-fi cult classic "The Creeping Terror" and its con-man director Art "A.J." Nelson/Vic Savage. Paolo, an Italian tour bus driver living in Paris, has just summoned up the courage to propose marriage to his German girlfriend Greta. However, a chance encounter with a French woman on a bicycle the very next day turns Paolo's life upside down. Patrick's life is paved with broken dreams. The bad luck keeps on coming until a sudden series of accidental, felonious and even magical events change the course of his destiny forever. Now all he has to do is deal with the body. Rose, a rebellious half-vampire/half-human guardian-in-training and her best friend, Lissa -- a mortal, royal vampire Princess - have been on the run when they are captured and returned to St. Vladamirs Academy, the very place where they believe their lives may be in most jeopardy. Rose will sacrifice everything to protect Lissa from those who intend to exploit her from within the Academy walls and the Strigoi (immortal, evil vampires) who hunt her kind from outside its sanctuary. Bye Bye Blondie tells the tale of Gloria and Frances, who first met when they were both patients in the same psychiatric hospital back in the 1980s, and decided to run away together.  At the time their love affair was defined by youthful intensity.  Later, when Francis disappeared without a trace, Gloria mourned the loss with a heavy heart.  Over 20 years later, Francis (Emmanuelle Beart) and Gloria (Beatrice Dalle) have both turned 40.  They've taken very different paths in life, with nomadic Gloria spending most of her time in a dive bar, and Frances enjoying success as a popular Parisian TV personality.  The wife of a closeted and successful novelist, Francis is locked in a mutually-beneficial marriage of convenience when she once again crosses paths with Gloria, and finds her comfortable world turned upside down. A musical dramedy about a guy named Joe and his girlfriend Evey.  They dream of hitting it big on Broadway. When Joe lands an opportunity to write for an Off-Broadway musical, he is forced to cast either the love of his life or Summer, his newly discovered muse. The realities of show business prove to Joe that writing is easy, living is hard. From beyond the grave, celebrated playwright Antoine d'Anthac gathers together all his friends who have appeared over the years in his play "Eurydice." These actors watch a recording of the work performed by a young acting company, La Compagnie de la Colombe. Do love, life, death and love after death still have any place on a theater stage? It's up to them to decide. And the surprises have only just begun... Gru is recruited by the Anti-Villain League to help deal with a powerful new super criminal. A clueless, flamboyant college kid discovers that the soul of a great vampire king resides within him. Now he must choose between his friends and his destiny. Siblings Monroe (Monroe Mann) and Hilary (Crystal Arnette) have discovered that they have inherited a lake house and to make things even better, the famous horror author Stephen King is rumoured to live somewhere nearby. They decide to take their friends down to the lake house to check things out, only to find immediate resistance from all of the locals, who insist that King doesn't live in the area. Despite being completely unwelcome, they decide to stay and soon find that people are being killed one by one in a manner similar to several deaths in various Stephen King stories. Dusty is a cropdusting plane who dreams of competing in a famous aerial race. The problem? He is hopelessly afraid of heights. With the support of his mentor Skipper and a host of new friends, Dusty sets off to make his dreams come true. In a distant future New York medical student Driscoll Rampart accomplishes his internship at Rusta, a rural planet that doesn't revolve around its axis and therefore is divided into contrasting halves of eternal day vs. eternal night. One is a Victorian-styled colony, the other a medieval kingdom. Both leave Rampart in a state of constant wonder, as he finds his way among humans and aliens, strange dreams and even stranger reality, a dark keep and a red sea, and more universal matters of war and peace, good and bad, love and hate and sickness and health. A tormented jazz musician finds himself lost in an enigmatic story involving murder, surveillance, gangsters, doppelgangers, and an impossible transformation inside a prison cell. A sixteen-year-old, bipolar, runaway named Jay breaks into the house of a retired former cop named Bill, just as Bill reaches rock bottom due to his own issues. These two move from distrust to understanding and come to realize that even though they might drive each other crazy, technically or otherwise, they need each other. Together they help fix what's broken in one another. An inventor and his mom hit the road together so he can sell his latest invention. Chaos takes over a rural town after a trio of residents accidentally conjure a zombie outbreak. Little Raven and his friends embark on a big treasure hunt. Competing against the beavers they have to solve riddles and navigate great dangers in order to finally find the most surprising of all treasures. Based on the books by Nele Moost and Annet Rudolph. A dark comedy about two people's chase around Los Angeles to find a missing cooler. Alexander's day begins with gum stuck in his hair, followed by more calamities. Though he finds little sympathy from his family and begins to wonder if bad things only happen to him, his mom, dad, brother, and sister all find themselves living through their own terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day. A failed New York playwright stages a suicide in an attempt to win back her ex, only to wind up in the custody of her gambling-addict mother. Four friends embark on a cross-country journey to Las Vegas in an old RV to stop a wedding and save a friend from losing the love of his life. The story follows what happens when a child psychologist surprises his girlfriend by showing up at her political family's annual get-together at their Sag Harbor vacation home only to find them desperately in need of therapy. Sausage Party, the first R-rated CG animated movie, is about one sausage leading a group of supermarket products on a quest to discover the truth about their existence and what really happens when they become chosen to leave the grocery store. Mickey, who happens to be a werewolf and a crime boss, gets all worked up and hairy during a private dance at a strip club. Justice, the dancer, grabs the nearest weapon and lands a fatal blow: her silver fountain pen right through Mickey's wolfed-out eye. This ignites a small-scale war between Mickey's group of werewolf mobsters and the sultry strippers of Vixens. In Los Angeles, five high-school friends deal with romance, money, prom, college, sex, bullies, Facebook, fitting in, standing out, and finding themselves. Scheming of a way to save their father's ranch, the Alvarez brothers find themselves in a war with Mexico's most feared drug lord. In 1931, following the success of the film Battleship Potemkin, Soviet filmmaker Sergei Eisenstein travels to the city of Guanajuato, Mexico, to shoot a new film. Freshly rejected by Hollywood, Eisenstein soon falls under Mexico's spell. Chaperoned by his guide Palomino Canedo, the director opens up to his suppressed fears as he embraces a new world of sensual pleasures and possibilities that will shape the future of his art. In New York City, a young Italian-American guy sets out to become a chef, much to the chagrin of his father. Based on true events. When a new record by an old band is turned down by ageist record companies, the veteran punk band assemble a group of youngsters to stand in for them, and fool the music industry. Rahul and Riana meet each other for the first time, get drunk, and awake the next morning to find that they have gotten legally married to each other. InSpectres takes place in a world where ghost, ghouls, and goblins are commonplace. The InSpectres are the only exterminators capable of eliminating these supernatural pests! After a brief run-in with a homeless zombie, Lucas joins the InSpectres as an Agent-in-Training. He, his mentor Tracey, and the rest of the InSpectres team embark on an eerily funny adventure aimed at recapturing entities freed from a government holding facility by a corporate saboteur. When a thirty-something couple set aside the home furnishings catalogue and decide to rekindle their relationship, they return to their old neighborhood and end up squatting illegally in their twenty-something lives. Tony Hawks needs to beat the odds and the entire Moldovan national football team...at tennis.  Adapted from the best-selling book of the same name, Playing the Moldovans at Tennis is the true story of an Englishman's lesson that real victory is found in the most unexpected places. At eleven years old Joe Norman is told by his dying father that he is an alien hiding on earth. Joe believes him. He grows up to be a die-hard fan-boy working in a comic shop. When he falls for down-to-earth Maria, a fellow sci-fi fan, he is inspired to lead a more normal social existence. Until intergalactic bounty hunters track Joe down at his new office and the couple soon learn the dangerous truth about who Joe really is. Carter Frazier looks to salvage his foundering life by finding a famous lost work of art that's gone missing in far away Marfa, Texas. G.G. Sparrow faces off with her choir's newly appointed director, Vi Rose Hill, over the group's direction as they head into a national competition. Just three weeks before her wedding, Lola (Greta Gerwig) finds herself suddenly without a partner when her longtime fiance, Luke (Joel Kinnaman), dumps her. With her 30th birthday looming and being forced to re-enter the New York City dating scene, she feels adrift in a cold world. She leans on her friends (Zoe Lister-Jones, Hamish Linklater) for support but, after a series of romantic humiliations, professional blunders and boozy antics, Lola realizes that she alone is in charge of her fate. Zeze Gamboa's sardonic historical drama follows a good-hearted, apolitical con man who, on the eve of Angolan independence in the mid-1970s, pulls off a massive swindle at the expense of the Portuguese colonial administration -- and soon after finds himself hailed as a hero of the national liberation struggle. Why would two New York-based filmmakers dedicate five years of their lives to following three white, Jesus-loving, spandex-clad men from the Bible Belt, particularly when the world of documentary filmmaking has generated its fair share of films concerning sensationalistic religious expression and contact sports in recent years? Because it's not about wrestling, and it's not about Jesus. Against a bizarre and entertaining backdrop, and through a motley cast of characters, we are reminded of what connects us all, lest we forget what it means to be human. A disgraced NYPD detective after being thrust into a citywide manhunt for a cop killer, is given a shot at redemption. When his uptight CEO sister threatens to shut down his branch, the branch manager throws an epic Christmas party in order to land a big client and save the day, but the party gets way out of hand. After the events at Lake Victoria, the prehistoric school of blood-thirsty piranhas make their way into swimming pools, plumbing, and a newly opened water park. Sutter, a popular party animal unexpectedly meets the introverted Aimee after waking up on a stranger's lawn. As Sutter deals with the problems in his life and Aimee plans for her future beyond school, an unexpected romance blossoms between them. When they say "love is blind" they must have been talking about Amy and Ben. Amy is a beautiful young woman with a mysterious past. Ben is a scruffy slacker, whose only ambition seems to be avoiding growing up. However, Amy sees something in Ben that Ben doesn't see in himself, which gives Ben the confidence to make something of his life. The power of love shows Ben that being a grown-up isn't such a bad thing after all. A depressed musician reunites with his lover in the desolate streets of Detroit. Though their romance has endured several centuries, it is tested by the arrival of her capricious and unpredictable younger sister. Six strangers (of different backgrounds, cultures, and economic statuses) are invited to a mysterious home, each for different reasons. With nothing in common, they soon find out that they are actually brothers and sisters. The father they never knew about has died. As a part of his last will and testament, he will spread his millions equally amongst them, if they are willing to spend the next 24 hours together. All hell is about to break loose. Detective Nick Blades is a New Orleans cop on trial for corruption. Assistant District Attorney Theo Gold is the man in charge of putting him behind bars. When these two unlikely partners from opposite sides of the law stumble onto a criminal plot, they'll need to rely on luck - and patience - to take down a dangerous killer without killing each other first. Washed-up history professor Lewis Birch takes his begrudging teenagers Zoe and Jack on a road trip to a conference in hopes of jumpstarting his career and reconnecting with his kids. But, when Lewis's estranged father Stanley goes missing on a Lewis and Clark historical reenactment trek, Lewis is forced to make a family detour. The Birch family find themselves on a journey of discovery and connection as they make their own passage west. A socially-challenged hitman's French retirement is ruined by the dodgy Brits on the Cote d'Azur. It tells the story of a struggling man who, after flying home to L.A. for the funeral of his estranged record-producer father, discovers that the will stipulates that he must deliver $150,000 in cash to a 30-year-old alcoholic sister he never knew existed, and her troubled 12-year-old son. A self-centered, middle-aged pitchman for a potato chip company loses his job and his livelihood just as his octogenarian grandfather is dropped on his doorstep unexpectedly by his mother on her way to a singles cruise. John Hanson has been toiling away on his epic graphic novel for 17 years. Over 1,000 pages long, no one will read it, let alone publish it. He is unexpectedly visited by his former best friend, Karl, who stole his girlfriend years before. Karl has stumbled onto a little secret: years ago, John's late father was involved in a scheme that involved a golf course and $500,000 in stolen cash from the Teamsters. Karl thinks that money is hidden in John's cabin on Lake Geneva. John reluctantly agrees to team up with Karl as they head north to recover the stolen money. The local femme fatales and a trigger-happy cop may get in their way, but the real question is whether this friendship is worth a do-over. An ambitious Lebanese-American youth is forced to take over his family's gas station after his father's death, in this spirited and often hilarious coming-of-age tale from first-time feature director Rola Nashef. A shy high schooler struggles to lose his virginity before the local Satanic cult can sacrifice him to the devil. A high school romantic dramedy, based on Shakespeare's "Much Ado About Nothing." Tony, a Latin dance instructor with high cholesterol and an even higher belief in his own sex appeal, is a big fish in the small pond of his elderly dancing students. But when his family's dance studio is in danger of falling into the hands of his arch enemy, the cocky religious zealot Diego, he's got to compete against the big boys in high-stakes competition. To do that, he'll need the help of his coach Sam, a disgraced former dancing legend, and his partner, the sweet but high strung Helena, who's bitter at Tony for his tragic dance lesson with her grandma. AmeriQua is the story of a lazy recent graduate, Charlie (Bobby Kennedy), whose rich parents cut him off with a $5000 check and an ultimatum to start a life of independence and responsibility. Instead, he buys a plane ticket to Italy, gets robbed upon arrival and winds up in Bologna in the care of his new friend Lele (Lele Gabellone), the self-proclaimed King of Bologna, who lives with a scraggly punkabbestia, Ballo (Gianlucca Bazzoli), and the insatiable prostitute frequenter, Il Pisa (Giuseppe Sanfelice). In Bologna, Lele teaches Chrlie the subtle strategies that the King knows so well, namely hitting on Italian women, throwing all-night parties and inciting general anarchy. Charlie takes to it like a pro and in the process meets the dangerously beautiful Valentina (Alessandra Mastronardi) and all-American Jessica (Eva Amurri).  A veteran pot dealer creates a fake family as part of his plan to move a huge shipment of weed into the U.S. from Mexico.  A man who is trapped in a time loop must work with his brother to prevent a catastrophic fire. When reporter Dan Geraldo (Alain Chabat) arrives in Palombia to hunt for a scoop, he never suspects that he is about to make an incredible discovery... With his resourceful local guide Pablito (Jamel Debbouze), D an has one surprise after another during a thrilling adventure that allows him to bring the world some spectacular news: the Marsupilami, a mythical and mischievous animal, really does exist! You too will believe in furry tails! What does it actually mean to be Canadian? This humorous documentary, featuring interviews with a who's-who of famous Canadians, hopes to find the answer. A comedy directed by Daniel Krauss. A pansexual, polyamorous trio kidnap a 'pray-the-gay-away' evangelical conversion therapist and torture him until he sees the light. By day, Richard Haig is a successful and well-respected English professor at renowned Trinity College in Cambridge.  By night, Richard indulges his own romantic fantasies with a steady stream of beautiful undergraduates.  But Richard has grown tired of the  game and is looking for something more meaningful and lasting.  So when Kate, Richard's tanned, athletic, 25-year-old American girlfriend tells him that she is pregnant, Richard is thrilled.  He looks forward to having a family of his own,  being a father his children could be proud of, not some sex-fueled bobcat.  There is only one problem.  Richard's not in love with Kate.  Richard is in love with Kate's sister, Olivia. He had been in love with her ever since he first saw her. Young married couple Rie (Tomoyo Harada) and Sang (Yo Oizumi) move from Tokyo to Lake Toya in Hokkaido Prefecture to start a bakery restaurant named Mani. Sang bakes bread and his wife Rie makes food that complements the bread. Spring, Summer, Autumn and Winter, the customers leave in a happy state. Four crooks rob a jewelery shop, then head for an abandoned factory where they plan to fence the goods to the Yakuza. Unfortunately, their chosen location happens to be the same place where American scientists had previously experimented on resurrecting the dead. A neurotic writer working on his new film gets into a tricky situation when an A-list actress shows interest in the role intended for his girlfriend. Over the course of his summer break, a teenager comes into his own thanks in part to the friendship he strikes up with one of the park's managers. Eccentric aliens give a man the power to do anything he wants to determine if Earth is worth saving. Three scouts and lifelong friends join forces with one badass cocktail waitress to become the world's most unlikely team of heroes.  When their peaceful town is ravaged by a zombie invasion, they'll fight for the badge of a lifetime and put their scouting skills to the test to save mankind from the undead. Ray, a man without family addicted to the game, dedicated to steal cars and for love will end up in jail. 31 Dias (31 Days) is the story of Eva (Iran Castillo), a young and beautiful psychologist and author of a series of self-help books about modern women and their love relationships. For her next bestseller she has decided to prove her most daring theory: After the first 30 days together love ends, so the only way to have a meaningful relationship in this new millennium is when the couple part ways after the first month. At a magazine's photo session Eva meets Adam (Lorenzo Balducci), an attractive Italian photographer, and she decides he's perfect as her study subject. She will live a very intense relationship with Adam during 31 days, in order to prove her theory is right. However, what she is not aware of is that Adam is using her own advice from her books in order to make her fall in love with him and teach her a lesson. What neither of them suspects is that they'll come to learn that love has no rules. Napoleon has decided to declare war to the world. When he approaches Moscow, the Russian military tries to outfox him: they send a beautiful woman to Napoleon who is supposed to seduce him, so he will think about making love, not war. An overworked insurance adjuster must decide between his job and his passion after he accidentally meets his online love interest. The city of Hartford, Connecticut is a featured character, playing as a backdrop to the story. "Rising Star" explores the age-old conflict between living to work and working to live. Abbas Ali (Abhishek Bachchan) lives in Chandni Chowk, New Delhi with his sister Sania (Asin Thottumkal). They are legally fighting for an ancestral property-- land case. But the odds turn against them and they lose. Their well wisher, Shastri Chacha, advises and convinces them to migrate to his village Ranakpur where he assures Abbas that he will get him a job at his owner's place. The owner being none other than the powerful Prithviraj Raghuvanshi (Ajay Devgn). Abbas enters Ranakpur village and while saving a child trapped inside a temple, he breaks open the lock of an ancestral temple but fate plays an important twist in Abbas' life as the whole village including Prithviraj's step-brother Vikrant opposes Abbas' actions but Prithviraj arrives and handles the situation. French movie written and directed by Nicolas Brossette and starring Franck Dubosc.  The story behind and around famous American director Nicholas Ray's 1960s stay in SFR Yugoslavia. The celebrated director who was the toast of Hollywood only a decade earlier having made Rebel Without a Cause has fallen on hard times and is now desperately trying to re-establish his spiraling film career. On the other hand, his powerful host, Avala Film director and former Yugoslav secret service operative Ratko Drazevic, is dreaming big dreams - he is trying to establish a 'Hollywood behind the Iron Curtain' of sorts. In this dark, surreal comedy, Cindy Rossberg has apparently killed her fiance on her wedding day. Her psychiatrist encourages her to move forward with her life. However, as she attempts to do so she finds reality too difficult to contend with as she is bound to the events of the past.  As she tries to sort things out for herself, Cindy spirals into a wacky world of bizarre situations that become increasingly influenced by a murder mystery she is writing.  In the end, Cindy discovers that she must act as her own emancipator in order to free herself from the role she thinks she is expected to play. The story of a woman who loves her dog more than her husband. And then her husband loses the dog. Fame proves elusive for comic Jesse Sanchez, who reflects on life from the bottom of a bathtub in this film based on John Leguizamo's one-man show. The story that unfolds has it all: love, loss, mistakes, adventure and redemption. A 16-year-old international assassin yearning for a "normal" adolescence fakes her own death and enrolls as a senior in a suburban high school. She quickly learns that being popular can be more painful than getting water-boarded. A charming, suicidal druggie must obey his rehab-clinic's demand to lead a seniors men's group or face incarceration and lose the love of his psychiatrist's daughter. Four best friends get together for one last weekend before college graduation to finally confront the secrets that hold the key to the rest of their lives.  When an introverted comic book illustrator discovers that the costume of an obscure Eastern European superhero supplies him with the courage to sing Karaoke without fear, he uses his new found voice to woo the bar's cutest waitress, an aspiring singer-songwriter in need of a little magic herself. Will he realize in time, that he can only win her love by learning that the power is not in the suit, but in his heart. An indie romantic comedy filled with quirky characters and even though you may not admit it, reminds you a little of your life. Hamlet is reimagined as a series of reality TV interviews.  Voss entices local gamers to create a utopia to impress a potential employer, but paradise is disrupted when his nemesis lays claim to the city and Voss's true love. Inside an inner-city Baltimore high school as teachers and students face the challenges of a 2002 education-reform act.  Joe Beck has lost the love of his life thanks to a Pixie's Curse and he now needs to figure out how to get his girl back, learn more about the mysterious Pixies and undo a bad deed he did long ago. For 27-year-old Ben, life couldn't be better. A well paid job, friends, parties, girls and nothing to tie him down. But when he is invited back to his old school to join several other ex-students including Alex and Jim in talking about their personal achievements, something goes wrong. Mieko (Hitomi Kuroki) is a housewife with some problems. Her husband (Masahiko Nishimura) is indifferent to her and her daughter Sayako (Hiroko Kurisaki) refuses to go to school. One day, Mieko meets Kaori (Tae Kimura) who is divorced. Mieko and Kaori worked at a same company years ago. Kaori tells Mieko that how she was swindled out of money by a man and, because of this, Mieko loans money to Kaori. Due to the loan, Mieko, herself, begins to do part-time work at a convenience store. While at work, Mieko catches a shoplifter Yukimi (Shizuyo Yamazaki) in the convenience store. It turns out, Mieko and Yukimi get along great. Mieko, Yukimi and Kaori decide to go to a karaoke room together. At the karaoke bar, the women hear the song "Smoke On The Water" by Deep Purple and decide to form a rock band! The winner of twelve film festival awards including Best Feature Film and the Audience Award, "Broadway's Finest" follows three desperate, men who impersonate New York City undercover cops and chase down a notorious drug in order dealer to get the authentic material they need to create their own cutting edge police drama. Things are rarely what they seem in this gritty dramatic action comedy. If Carol Channing didn't exist, no one could have made her up. One in a billion, Carol , at 89, remains an unstoppable, megawatt dynamo. Broadway diva extraordinaire is just the icing. Carol Channing hovered at the pinnacle of the entertainment world from the late-1950's through the 1960's and beyond, living life sensationally large. As Carol has observed, '...if you're lucky enough to have two hit shows, the world passes through your dressing room'. At 89, she remains irrepressible. Ana, Daniel, Christian and Pia, a group of friends who have managed to stay together despite the problems that surround them every day. Until today, when an unexpected event will change their lives forever. "Musth" is a story about love, trust, loyalty, desire, happiness and forgiveness, a story about how we play on this board called LIFE. A burger-loving hit man, his philosophical partner, a drug-addled gangster's moll and a washed-up boxer converge in this sprawling, comedic crime caper. Their adventures unfurl in three stories that ingeniously trip back and forth in time. After winning a local talent show, the Beat Bugs journey to compete on "The Bug Factor," a televised singing contest held in faraway Rocket Ship Park. A gut-wrenching, non-stop roller coaster ride through the hellish underbelly of inner-city America. A birthday celebration at an upscale restaurant sets in motion events that bring Sissy, her brother, Mikey, and friends, Kenny and Barbie, face to face with the macabre world of the Boneboys. Inspired by Jonathan Swift's cannibalistic tale A Modest Proposal, the Boneboys are international predators who deal in human flesh - dead or alive. Their hunting grounds are the cities of the world. The stories of a missing wife, a couple of meth heads and an Elvis impersonator are connected by the items found in a small town's pawn shop. After a string of incompatible dorm mates, Finn - an unapologetic, collegiate underachiever and extreme party boy - hopes that a new year is going to bring some better luck. But 15-year-old, nerdy, brainiac Toby isn't exactly who he had in mind.  After an extremely rough start, the two overcome their differences and team up to exact revenge on campus jock, Landon, and his posse of goons, who think they rule the school. Let's Make a Movie is the story of Cassie Thompson (Played by Hallie York), a college dropout and ex-film student who is tired of being disrespected and downtrodden, has decided that she's had enough. In a subconscious effort to turn her life around, she decides to make a movie with a rag-tag group of friends. The only problem is the movie is impossible for her to film without a $100 million budget, and her cast and crew are neurotic and inexperienced, to say the least. Will Cassie prevail and finish her movie, or will this become another mark on her long list of failures? Looking for inspiration, a wild LA Musician and buttoned up novelist (Ben Savage) will unexpectedly end up double booked at a remote cabin retreat. Girl Meets Boy movie Sparks will fly when this odd couple is trapped together looking to beat writers block under the watchful eye of their nosy neighbors. Starring Ben Savage, Anna Pheil and Jake Busey, Girl Meets Boy is a romantic tale of how to find love where you least expect it.  Michel, reporter, finally joins his old isolated cottage in the middle of a park, having spent two years away from home. Our protagonist hopes to regain some serenity, but he does not arrive at the best moment: he did not expect the suicide attempt of Catherine, the wife of his brother Arthur fter killing the owner of a B-rated strip club, Burt, an indulgent vampire with a zest for life hides out (and dopes up) at an upscale drug den, until the strippers seeking revenge...and ... Set on an island off the coast of New England in the summer of 1965, Moonrise Kingdom tells the story of two twelve-year-olds who fall in love, make a secret pact, and run away together into the wilderness. As various authorities try to hunt them down, a violent storm is brewing off-shore - and the peaceful island community is turned upside down in more ways than anyone can handle. Theo, Clair, and Renee forge their way through life in an attempt to find their place and purpose in a bleak Pennsylvania town. Theodore, alone for the first time in his life, broods over past personal tragedies while trying to figure out what comes next. Across town, Theo's grandson Clair is forced to deal with the consequences of his inaction following a devastating breakup. Along the way both men meet Renee, a teenage caretaker to a recovering addict mother, dealing with issues in her own way. Struggling to find a direction, our characters wander lost through life ruminating on past and present failures trying to answer the age old question: What do I do now? Jesse Sorensen ruled Florida as a pro skateboarder for over a decade. He had it all - a lucrative skateboarding contract, girls, fame and an extravagant lifestyle. Now six years later, past his prime and his usefulness in this youth-driven culture, Jesse is dropped by his skate team. Broke, he moves in with his elderly grandmother only to discover his 17-year old niece, Samantha, crashing there as well. She is following the same slippery slope Jesse once paved, with the hottest new skater in town. Jesse must confront what he has spent his entire life avoiding - responsibility - and figure out his future once and for all. A dog goes on quest to discover his purpose in life over the course of several lifetimes with multiple owners. A teenaged prodigy painter preparing for his widely anticipated coming-of-age exhibition falters under pressure and slips off his medication. In his mania, he recruits a band of Bushwick rebel artists to take part in his progressively subversive show--one that will leave mouths agape. Three generations of a French family open up about their sexual experiences and desires after young Romain is caught masturbating in his biology class. Ian Folivor, a depressed and reclusive 30-something, finds himself taking advice from a growth in his bathroom after a failed suicide attempt. The Mold, a smooth talking fungus who was born of the filth collecting in a corner of Ian's neglected bathroom, works to win Ian's trust by helping him clean himself up and remodel his lifestyle. With The Mold's help, Ian attracts the attention of a neighbor he's been ogling through his peephole, Leah, and he manages to find a slice of happiness despite his unnatural circumstances. But Ian starts to receive strange messages from his old and broken down TV set that make him realize that The Mold may not be as helpful as it seems to be, and strange characters combined with stranger events cast Ian's life in the shadow of an epic battle between good and evil that Ian is only partially aware of.  Niels is overjoyed when he hears about the black hole that will drastically reduce his prison sentence. He's been chosen for his talents as a mechanic to take part in a special mission: escorting a band of eccentric scientists in a spaceship to a black hole that is fifty light years away from Earth. The deal seems more than correct to him as the mission will only take six weeks for them to see Earth again. There's only one small annoying detail. Those six weeks in hyperspace represent some hundred years on Earth. And that is if everything will go as planned. A truly mad concoction, blending 1950s juvenile delinquents, sci-fi melodrama, song-and-dance, and a touch of horror, everything in just the right combination to create an engaging big screen spectacle! This curious and curiously entertaining story involves one Jonathan Xavier and his devoted misfit gang who, incidentally, have been exiled to Earth from the far reaches of outer space. Johnny's former girlfriend Bliss has left him and stolen his Resurrection Suit, a cosmic, mind-bending uniform that gives the owner power over others. Along the way, there will be several highly stylized musical numbers, lots of genuinely humorous dialogue, and a wacky plot-twist or two, all beautifully captured on the very last of Kodak's black-and-white Plus-X film stock. A young woman, Chloe, living by her wits on the streets of New York City, has a chance meeting with a wise Inuit Eskimo, Theo, who was sent to New York by his elders to provide a message to the people of the world - We either change our destructive was or be destroyed by them. Chloe, who has been searching for something to believe in, becomes inspired by Theo and , with the help of a kind lawyer, Monica, the three of them present Theo's story to the United Nations in hopes of creating a better future for all of us. The story takes place in 1870 in the Wild West and revolves around a country musician named Dalton who takes a job as the sheriff of Toonstone to support his livelihood as he chases outlaws, aliens and his ultimate dream... his music. First ever feature-length documentary on the world-wide phenomenon that inspired an entire generation of children and became a billion dollar franchise--"Masters of the Universe". Features interviews with the key creative personnel behind every version of the best selling toy line and all incarnations of "Masters of the Universe" on television, film, stage, and print, tracing the inception and ups and downs of the fantasy juggernaut. A no-nonsense cop has a flair for fashion and a celebrity takes revenge on the paparazzi in a collection of comedic sketches. A drug-addicted young street hustler gets picked up by a lonely john and finds himself in a sometimes tender, sometimes tense game of trust. Now in the Far North (i.e. Milan!), Alberto has accepted to manage a program for efficiency improvement in the Italian Post. He devotes all his time and all his energy to this noble task and neglects his wife Silvia, which of course annoys her beyond limits. Things do not fare much better in Castellabate where it is rather Maria, Matta's wife, who gets on his nerves by always blaming him for his lack of ambition. One day, due to a misunderstanding, Mattia is transferred to... Milan! And on whose doorstep does he land? Alberto's of course! Follows the exploits of an Indian immigrant trying to make it in New York City in 1973. A couple who have just moved into a new home to consummate their relationship, find peril around every corner due to an evil presence that haunts them whenever they attempt to be intimate. A young man must find his own way as his Southern Baptist roots don't seem to be acceptable at his new liberal arts college. Feeling pressured to become more sexually experienced before she goes to college, Brandy Klark makes a list of things to accomplish before hitting campus in the fall. Pete and Debbie are both about to turn 40, their kids hate each other, both of their businesses are failing, they're on the verge of losing their house, and their relationship is threatening to fall apart. Four friends head to Vegas for a 21st birthday in hopes of finding adventure, debauchery and memories that will last them a lifetime. Dave, a high school senior, spends most of his time pining away over a girl he can't have. Aubrey, a junior with artistic aspirations, has a hot boyfriend who doesn't quite understand her or seem to care. Although they go to different schools, Dave and Aubrey find themselves at the same party. When both head outside to get some air, they meet. A casual conversation sparks an instant connection, and, over the course of a weekend, things turn magical, romantic, complicated, and funny as Aubrey and Dave discover what it's like to fall in love for the first time. Spies force two British con men (Michael Caine, Roger Moore) to pose as look-alike scientists peddling cheap-energy fusion. Based upon Matt Thorne's award-winning novel about life in a call centre, "Eight Minutes Idle" is a warped urban comedy about what it really means to put your life 'on hold'! Dan Thomas has always taken the path of least resistance - in his work life, home life and love life! But when Dan finds himself kicked out of the family home, he's faced with no option but to secretly move into the call centre where he works. Suddenly, everything that he's previously taken for granted - a well-stocked fridge, clean clothes, his friends, his self respect, even his beloved cat - are either disappearing or conspiring against him. As Dan's work/life balance spirals dangerously out of control, he's forced to break out of old habits and to dare to do something he has never had to do before - really care about someone other than himself. Written by Sarah Cox When cricket obsessed Teddy Brown realizes his mates are growing up and moving on, he leads them and his D-Grade team on an audacious tour of India, where stumps fly, friendships fray and Ted learns that it's time to start playing shots for himself. Tad is a celebrity archaeologist and adventurer just like his hero Max Mordon... in his dreams! In reality, Tad is a Chicago construction worker. One day, however, he is mistaken for a real professor and takes his place on a flight to Peru in search of the lost city of Paititi. Longtime best friends Bebe and DeeDee are both wrestling with love. Bebe has met someone new and is in the exuberant phase of a budding romance. DeeDee is trying to move on from someone she can't forget - mostly in destructive ways. As Bebe waits for the perpetually late DeeDee at their favorite coffee shop, she meets Clementine, a distraught young woman with love problems of her own. With Clementine in tow, Bebe and DeeDee soon embark on the kind of outrageous misadventure that only New York City can offer. Chronicles the rise, fall and attempted rise again of a stand up comedian plagued by his own demons (IMDb.com). Aliens with a ravenous appetite for summertime campers descend upon a campground. A cowboy seeks to rescue, then woo, a damsel in distress. But he is constantly thwarted by the scratches, breaks, and other imperfections present in the film print itself. When the FBI hires her to go undercover at a college sorority, Molly Morris (Miley Cyrus) must transform herself from a tough, streetwise private investigator to a refined, sophisticated university girl to help protect the daughter of a one-time Mobster. With several suspects on her list, Molly unexpectedly discovers that not everyone is who they appear to be, including herself. In a California desert town, a short-order cook with clairvoyant abilities encounters a mysterious man with a link to dark, threatening forces. On the set of a playwright's new project, a love triangle forms between his wife, her ex-lover, and the call girl-turned-actress cast in the production. After his life falls apart, FREDDIE decides he must turn to crime to survive. With no criminal knowledge he decides to hire Bainbridge, a professional crime coach. An offbeat romantic comedy about a silver-painted street performer and the soft spoken zoo worker who falls for him. Sam is a former college football star whose chance to play in the NFL abruptly ends with a blown out knee. Seven years later, he finds himself alone, working a minimum wage job and weighing a deadly 413lbs. The time has come for some change! The time has come for some weight loss! Enter Cassie, a personal trainer who not only helps him lose weight but find love. Steering clear of the standard transformation formula seen on many current television shows such as, "Biggest Loser," Sam finds acceptance - and love - in unexpected places. Frank Bartlett has been tortured, embarrassed, and humiliated by his brother Bruce -- usually on film -- his entire life. Now that Bruce is finally off drugs and has turned his life around, things should be different. They are not. An ageing rock star decides to change his life when he discovers a 40-year-old letter written to him by John Lennon. A group of noise musicians debate whether or not to release an album. Lloyd, a lonely Peeping Tom, is propositioned to murder a woman. Armed with a hammer, he sets about the grisly deed, only to discover that his mark is a Peeping Tom herself. Wreck-It Ralph is the 9-foot-tall, 643-pound villain of an arcade video game named Fix-It Felix Jr., in which the game's titular hero fixes buildings that Ralph destroys. Wanting to prove he can be a good guy and not just a villain, Ralph escapes his game and lands in Hero's Duty, a first-person shooter where he helps the game's hero battle against alien invaders. He later enters Sugar Rush, a kart racing game set on tracks made of candies, cookies and other sweets. There, Ralph meets Vanellope von Schweetz who has learned that her game is faced with a dire threat that could affect the entire arcade, and one that Ralph may have inadvertently started. Heart broken British Techno Pop Diva and Academy nominated actress, Syriana Tate, is taken for the interview of her life. A group of print workers in 1980s London club together to buy a race horse. Bill Benson and Ted Adams are to appear in a Broadway show together and, while in Paris, each 'discovers' the perfect leading lady for the plum female role. Each promises the prize role to the girl they selected without informing the other until they head back across the Atlantic by liner - with each man having brought his choice along! It becomes a stormy crossing as each man has to tell his 'find' that she might not get the role after all. Simbu and Varu Sarath Kumar star in this romantic comedy about a couple who find love by surprise.Though uniquely different from one another in terms of their upbringing, dressing and thinking, they both make sacrifices to be and stay together. Amy, an attractive woman, confuses love with money and becomes a victim of the materialistic lifestyle of South Beach. Her relationship with Nick, a down-to-earth, young architect is great, but Amy has dreams that he can't fulfill and afford. In her search for glamour and a dancing career, Amy meets Sam, an older, married man. Even though Sam provides her with the luxurious lifestyle, she begins to feel a void for love and attention. Unwilling to let go of Sam's financial support, Amy becomes involved in another relationship with Robert, who grows suspicious.  Amy soon discovers that life in South Beach, not everything is as good as it looks. Inspired by a true story, 'Transatlantic Coffee' is a tale of boy meets girl, boy falls in love with girl ...only the boy is a 41 year old clown, the girl, a teenage stripper from London. Alex is battling bleak circumstances within his version of a hostile world. However, his outlook evolves with the emergence of the young, sharp and adventurous, Mandie. The oddball duo embrace each other for who they are, until Alex's secret trauma bubbles to the surface, leaving for a climax that should not be missed. The Punk Syndrome is a film about Finland's most kick-ass punk rock band, Pertti Kurikan Nimipaivat. The band members, Pertti, Kari, Toni and Sami, are mentally handicapped and they play their music with a lot of attitude and pride. We follow these professional musicians on their journey from obscurity to popularity. We watch them fight, fall in love and experience strong emotions. We witness long days in the recording studio and on tour. They laugh, cry, drink and fight over who gets to sit in the front on the tour bus. Then it's time to make up and go talk to people in the audience and tell them how great their band is. Joey Boca is the owner of a pizza parlor located in Tacoma, Washington, and has been married to Rosalie for years. Rosalie is horrified to discover that Joey is a womanizer and has been cheating on her for a long time. Based on the true story of Frances and Anthony Toto.  3 Days of Normal follows the story of straight-laced deputy Bill Morgan who is quite content literally living within the quaint boundaries of Washington, New Hampshire. Bill's stable and rather uneventful life is thrown for a loop when he finds and arrests a woman, Nikki Gold, passed out in her car from inebriation. Unbeknownst to him, the woman happens to be a popular movie actress longing for some normalcy in her hectic life. Nate, a 19 year old film student, and Margaret, a 52 year old spinster, are best friends in an odd, quirky, totally working kind of way... until Nate's audacious classmate Darla sets him up on a date with James. Nate's new life shakes apart his friendship with Margaret, just as she is trying to start a career as a stand-up comedian. Written by Anonymous (IMDB.com). With a debt collector hot on his trail, Harvard graduate Billy Schine enrolls in a clinical drug trial to make a quick buck. Carted out of New York City in a shuttle full of oddball characters, Billy and the rest of the guinea pigs, affectionately referred to as "Normals," camp out at hidden research facility. When not popping pills, being tagged, drained of blood, prodded, poked and color-coded, they are telling horror stories of previous tests or generally getting on each other's nerves. As the test drags on, just being there starts to take its toll, and tensions build until the dam finally bursts. Billy realizes that there is no such thing as "normal." Desperate filmmaker Osric Taylor dreams of making his civil war Hamlet but when production funding dries up, he agrees to take southern matron Hester Beauchamps offer to fund the film if he throws some zombies in it to make their money back. But when Hester dies in mid shoot, Osric dresses up as Hester to cash the last check and awakens the suspicions of both the local police and ambitious local news reporter Shine Reynolds. Inspired by an actual incident. Middle-aged and divorced, Wilson finds himself lonely, smug and obsessed with his past. When the world's worst cop is fired he becomes the world's worst private detective. For reasons unknown he finds himself the target of every criminal in town. He must overcome his incompetence and several character defects to solve the case and save his life. A new drug promises out-of-body experiences, but users are coming back changed forever, and an otherworldly invasion of Earth is underway. Set in 1952, as England prepares for the coronation, The Scapegoat tells the story of two very different men who have one thing in common - a face. A humorous ode to the world of classical music and some of its star musicians. Taped at Washington D.C.'s Sidney Harmon Hall, "Whitney Cummings: Money Shot" features Cummings commenting on male strippers, fake boobs and getting spanked in the bedroom, among other things, in this hilarious performance. It's not every day a funny lady reveals the best way to punish a boyfriend, what it's really like to date a vampire, the similarities between The Food Network and porn and the "emotional ninja" tactics all women have at their disposal! Ricky Rapper and Nelli Nuudelipaa leave the island, where Elvi Rapper operates the resort's wife. There will also Risto for Nelli and slightly older Wendy father Uolevi Horsma Niemi. Venla input confuse Ricky and Nell intervals, as Nelli begins to enjoy more and more Venla company. At the same time old friends the Freezer Elvi and Uolevi converge. The whole family musical comedy Ricky Rapper and Cool Wendy tells of friendship, loneliness and accepting differences. Bora is 40, jobless and stills lives at home. When his family kicks him out, he is homeless... until his sleazy uncle offers him an opportunity... to marry Cambodian brides. When the money runs out, he has more wives than he can handle. Two rival politicians compete to win an election to represent their small North Carolina congressional district in the United States House of Representatives. In Los Angeles at the turn of the 1970s, drug-fueled detective Larry "Doc" Sportello investigates the disappearance of an ex-girlfriend. After being struck and killed by lightning, a young man recounts the way he blackmailed his fellow classmates into contributing to his literary magazine. An uptight documentary filmmaker and his wife find their lives loosened up a bit after befriending a free-spirited younger couple. The film revolves around, Norman, a world-weary manager of a pier theatre in a seaside resort. Norman has worked in the theatre for all of his life, but will not accept that the local council, which own the theatre are planning to install more commercial management in an attempt to boost audience numbers. As the story unfolds he realises it may be time to move on and put behind him the ghost of 50s & 60s singer Alma Cogan, who performed at the theatre many years ago. Sandra, his devoted long-suffering assistant and Norman decide to leave the theatre to fulfill her dream of being a professional singer and unexpectedly enjoying a late blossoming romance. From Wikipedia. Kiwi black-comedy about Nige and best mate Deano (Flight of the Conchord's Brett McKenzie and Hamish & Andy's Hamish Blake). Directed by Robert Sarkies (Scarfies, Out of the Blue), based on the book written by brother Duncan Sarkies.  Nige (McKenzie) runs over and accidently kills a Scandinavian soccer star in an unfortunate incident involving a hot meat pie, a ginger cat and a policeman. He chucks the body in a nearby road works hole and runs to his best mate of fifteen years, Deano (Blake). But Deano's not the guy you should turn to in a crisis... A Stanford law-school dropout named Jillian escapes to the anonymity of Los Angeles to figure out what she wants to do with her life, and on the day of her college boyfriend's birthday, she finds herself stuck running an ice cream truck fending off locals and oddball friends alike. This one day spent in a truck on the streets of Los Angeles will wake Jillian from her aimless daze and make her see that life doesn't stop just because you want it to. Eddie, Dov, Yvan and the others ... Our warm friends have migrated from the moribund Sentier to the flourishing suburb of Aubervilliers ... Where the old Jewish entrepreneurs left the ground to young courageous and dynamic Chinese wholesalers ...  The little band is as close to each other as in previous episodes, and life goes on at the mercy of small family events and business.  Dov still seems frivolous, enterprising Eddie, chilled Yvan, casual Karine, resolute Sandra, naive Chochana, irresponsible Serge and mythomaniac. As for Patrick, he is in love and the happy elected is far from easy to access.  Everything would be fine until a bad wind brings its share of adversity seriously compromising the cohesion of the group.  Will they succumb under the storm to the turmoil, or, once again, by mutual aid, cunning and skill, will they triumph over the crisis with panache?  A grieving father in a downward spiral stumbles across a box of his recently deceased son's demo tapes and lyrics. Shocked by the discovery of this unknown talent, he forms a band in the hope of finding some catharsis. Fueled by cheap whiskey, greed and hatred, Willie Soke teams up with his angry little sidekick, Marcus, to knock off a Chicago charity on Christmas Eve. Along for the ride is chubby and cheery Thurman Merman, a 250-pound ray of sunshine who brings out Willie's sliver of humanity. Issues arise when the pair are joined by Willie's horror story of a mother, who raises the bar for the gang's ambitions, while somehow lowering the standards of criminal behavior. Jack Hussar is a legendary Hollywood director, whose persona commands respect and adoration from his fans. Can his son, Jack Jr. maintain his legacy? Best pals Jason and Daniel indulge in casual flings and revel in their carefree, unattached lives. After learning that the marriage of their friend Mikey is over, they gladly welcome him back into their circle. The three young men make a pact to have fun and avoid commitment. However, when all three find themselves involved in serious relationships, they must keep their romances secret from one another. Two down on their luck Liverpool cabbies, Tommy and Gerry, strike an unusual deal with a local gangster to take their sons on a trip of a lifetime, to watch their beloved football team play in the European Cup Final in Istanbul. Hoping to use the trip as a chance to bond with their sons, big trouble awaits them in the form of a sexy hotel chambermaid, two ruthless crooks on a mission and a bag of counterfeit cash.  It is 3-0 down at half time and things could not be more desperate both on and off the pitch. Stevie G and the boys in red are trying to launch the most amazing football comeback in history, and Tommy is in deep water, being held hostage. With the clock ticking and time running out, a miracle is needed fast. In the end a bit of faith, and Gerry's lucky underpants may be the only thing that can get them and the cup back home in one piece. Six friends are called together under the guise of an emergency, only to find themselves at the center of an elaborate scheme concocted by a mysterious mastermind who threatens to kill them if they do not obey his instructions. A football team from Belgrade, former Republic of Yugoslavia gets a chance to go to the First World Football Championship, but things get complicated along the way. Year 1977. Punk and new wave rock'n roll has arrived to remote Finland and a bleak small town Oulu where increasingly odd-looking youths began to appear in the street with a message. Their rebellion speaks to Valde (17). Valde dreams of joining a rock band and becoming famous. He wants to get drunk for the first time, and to win the love of Pike, the most beautiful girl in the class.  When Pike wins the Miss Blue Jeans contest organised by the country's leading (and only) pop music magazine Suosikki and takes as her boyfriend the bourgeois Henri Hakala, Valde puts all his eggs in one basket. He abandons his former self and begins purposefully constructing a new persona for himself. But everything doesn't go as Valde wanted ...  The film is based on a novel by Kauko Royhka, an author and indie rock musician. Hiroki, Koji, and Shinya are engineers working at an air conditioning manufacturer ordered to develop a robot to boost the company's reputation. Just before they are due to present their invention, the robot is destroyed in a freak accident. With little time left, the three are forced to go for the last resort: Build a hollow robot suit and put a human being in it. After an audition, the only qualified man for the job is Suzuki, a cranky and lonely retiree who needs the job to kill time. After a public display that puts the robot on the headlines, the three engineers are forced to drag Suzuki on a publicity tour in order to keep up their facade. However, their plans are complicated when passionate robotics student Yoko is thrown into the mix. Gopal and his best friends are back again, and this time they move back to their old neighborhood in a new palatial house where they learn that it is being haunted by a ghost. When a struggling publisher discovers his only successful author is blocked he knows he has to unblock her or he's finished. With her newfound success, she's become too damn happy and she can't write when she's happy.The only trouble is, the worse he makes her feel, the more he realises he's in love with her. After a gentle alien becomes stranded on Earth, the being is discovered and befriended by a young boy named Elliott. Bringing the extraterrestrial into his suburban California house, Elliott introduces E.T., as the alien is dubbed, to his brother and his little sister, Gertie, and the children decide to keep its existence a secret. Soon, however, E.T. falls ill, resulting in government intervention and a dire situation for both Elliott and the alien. Chronicles the adventures of Franklin Delano Roosevelt, as he rides a "wheelchair of death" to stop the world from being taking over by polio-carrying werewolves during WWII. A deadly menace that are led by Werewolf Hitler, Mussolini and Emperor Hirohito. Straitlaced Princeton University admissions officer, Portia Nathan is caught off-guard when she makes a recruiting visit to an alternative high school overseen by her former college classmate, the freewheeling John Pressman. Pressman has surmised that Jeremiah, his gifted yet very unconventional student, might well be the son that Portia secretly gave up for adoption many years ago. After Faye and her psychotic boyfriend, Vince, successfully rob a mob courier, Faye decides to abscond with the loot. She heads to Reno, where she hires feckless private investigator Jack Andrews to help fake her death. He pulls the scheme off and sets up Faye with a new identity, only to have her skip out on him without paying. Jack follows her to Vegas and learns he's not the only one after her. Vince has discovered that she's still alive. Lake is in a straight relationship with Desiree but finds himself becoming attracted to men at the pool. When he cannot control his desires any longer, he starts working at an adult home and begins a relationship with a much, much older man. When nerds Dennis and Noah crash a party thrown by the local jocks and hot girls in a remote cabin, they must combat a brainy serial murderer known as the Driller Killer, who uses power tools to rid the world of idiots, one clueless teen at a time. You will see Travis Pastrana and the whole Nitro Circus crew perform some of the most ridiculous, awe-inspiring, and simply insane stunts ever caught on camera. Coming to you in three dimensional glory, it will feel like you are there sitting shotgun with the crew. Celestine is a little mouse trying to avoid a dental career; Ernest is a big bear craving an artistic outlet. When Celestine meets Ernest, they overcome their natural enmity by forging a life of crime together. Young writer Sam has a crush on Birdie, the cute and quirky barista at his local coffee shop. When his conventional attempts to woo her crash and burn, he takes his efforts online, creating an Internet profile embellished with all of the details that would make him Birdie's dream guy. When the harebrained scheme is a surprise success and Birdie falls for his exaggerated alter ego, Sam must keep up the act or lose his dream girl forever. The eleven year old cycling talent Freddy is the son of a butcher in an idyllic village in no man's land. His isolated life is turned upside down completely in 1975 when the first supermarket in the village opens its doors. To mark the opening the supermarket organizes a cycling race and the winner of that match will meet Eddy Merckx. Freddy's father is a fervent opponent of the supermarket and the competition, but Freddy subscribes behind his back. By participating in the race a new world opens, not only for Freddy, but also for all those around him. Written by Anonymous  (IMDB.com) When the fun loving Marie sets her eyes on brooding comic book artist Paul, it sets off the kind of romantic sparks that quickly culminate in the bedroom. But the next morning brings its share of surprises as Marie crawls out of bed to discover her life flash-forwarded fifteen years down the road: Not only has she been married to Paul all this time, but she's now the mother of a little boy the head of a powerful multinational investment firm and the proprietor of a fabulous apartment overlooking the Eiffel Tower. Quickly Marie discovers that all her achievements have not brought happiness.  As single mom Grace juggles work, bills, and her affair with a married doctor, her daughter, Ansiedad, plots a shortcut to adulthood after finding inspiration in the coming-of-age stories she's reading for school. In the town of Dillford, humans, vampires and zombies were all living in peace - until the alien apocalypse arrived. Now three teenagers-one human, one vampire, and one zombie-have to team up to figure out how to get rid of the visitors. Young Atsuko Kagami comes into possession of a magical mirror that lets her transform into anything she wishes. Atsuko Kagami then attempts to save a company which is about to be sold by using her transformation abilities. She also falls in love as a 22-year-old college student. A consumer affair rep who works from her apartment decides to play hooky one day, and spends her time calling random people, looking for new connections Tony de Guzman is an anti-hero. Life, according to him, is short, brutal. It's never on your side. Grab what you can, when you can. Settle scores. Be randy. Defy the rules. Cheat the system. Toughen it out. Tony knows nothing but tough times living, as he does, in the bleak circus of the slums he calls home. This is his story and the story of the world he lives in: a hopeless, closed-in decrepit world gone to seed. MONDOMANILA is an unflinching and unflinchingly funny look at life in the underbelly of the urban diaspora ... with songs. A 16-year-old girl takes her parents hostage after they miss her big jump-roping competition. An aging, booze-addled father takes a trip from Montana to Nebraska with his estranged son in order to claim what he believes to be a million-dollar sweepstakes prize. At his fiancee's urging, a very modern Irish groom-to-be reluctantly agrees to a stag weekend with his friends, camping in the western wilderness of Ireland. Much to their chagrin, these modern men are joined by the brother of the bride, a crazy, unpredictable alpha male known as "The Machine", and an explosive Id to their collective Ego. The Machine is a force of nature, and under his leadership, the men--stripped of modern comfort, convenience and, finally, clothing--must begin their journey into the wild. Surly, a curmudgeon, independent squirrel is banished from his park and forced to survive in the city. Lucky for him, he stumbles on the one thing that may be able to save his life, and the rest of park community, as they gear up for winter - Maury's Nut Store. Retired C.I.A. agent Frank Moses reunites his unlikely team of elite operatives for a global quest to track down a missing portable nuclear device. A woman goes back to the island where her parents were killed. They had been working on a cure for cancer and accidentally raised the dead by angering a voodoo priest. With the woman is a group of mercenaries and they meet up with some other researchers. They raise the dead again and all hell breaks loose Desperate to get out from under her overprotective mother, a home-schooled teen runs off to live with her dad, and forms a bond with his much-younger boyfriend. A young woman, struggling with agoraphobia, hasn't left her New York apartment or seen anyone in over a year. However, when her toilet overflows she is forced to call in the plumber. Stella Davis is a widow who saves her ranch by working with convicts to rehabilitate a herd of wild horses that wandered on to her property. Stella must fight prejudice, greed, bureaucracy and vanity (including her own) to finally understand that there is no better remedy to misfortune than helping another living creature. After losing their badges and crashing their Police car into a McDonald's Restaurant, two constables are given the worst duty of all, they must man the Scumbus. Annie is a young, happy foster kid who's also tough enough to make her way on the streets of New York in 2014. Originally left by her parents as a baby with the promise that they'd be back for her someday, it's been a hard knock life ever since with her mean foster mom Miss Hannigan. But everything's about to change when the hard-nosed tycoon and New York mayoral candidate Will Stacks--advised by his brilliant VP and his shrewd and scheming campaign advisor--makes a thinly-veiled campaign move and takes her in. Stacks believes he's her guardian angel, but Annie's self-assured nature and bright, sun-will-come-out-tomorrow outlook on life just might mean it's the other way around. This film is part autobiography, part fiction, with a healthy dose of self-conscious realism and tongue-in-cheek humor. Nursing a broken heart from his first breakup, Ahmed decides he's going to be homeless-this is his naive, lovesick attempt to get over the girl whose name is the inspiration for the film's title. Being the hopeless romantic that he is, Ahmed wants to document his days living as a change peddler. He does so thinking he will make a film about his adventurers and finally exorcise the memory of Kassandra. In true millennial fashion, Ahmed abandons the first film when the fancy strikes him to make a movie about his breakup instead. This is the film within the film he sets out to make, "Ten Nights Bliss." An awkward office drone becomes increasingly unhinged after a charismatic and confident look-alike takes a job at his workplace and seduces the woman he desires. Follow actor J Kimball as he researches what it's like to be old for a role in an upcoming movie. When he meets the residents at The Coconuts convalescent home, he quickly discovers that his perceptions of the elderly may be off from today's reality. After being on the wrong end of some pranks, J enlists the help of his Hollywood friends to turn the tides. Mayhem ensues. MAD AS HELL follows Cenk Uygur's transformation from unknown talk show host on local Public Access TV to an internet sensation with his online news show "The Young Turks," which has amassed over one billion views on YouTube. Once Cenk ventures from the internet into national television and lands the 6 PM time slot on MSNBC, his uncensored brand of journalism is compromised and Cenk becomes the nexus in the battle between new and old media. A man and woman meet and try to have a romantic affair, despite their personal problems and the interference of their disapproving friends. Soulless unfolds in the fictional town of Bell's End, a place with a curse hanging over it since its 1700 founding. After a young woman is killed in a car accident, her body goes missing en route to the hospital. Days later she is discovered behind a local hotel, alive. Meanwhile, word of her reanimation gets back to the DOD, where decades earlier, a failed covert research project on tissue regeneration was conducted on the woman's mother. The DOD launches a relentless effort to capture her as she quickly learns that trying to return to the land of the living threatens to destroy the people she loves most. Dumped by her husband, longtime housewife Deanna turns regret into reset by going back to college. Winding up at the same school as her daughter, Deanna plunges headlong into the campus experience - embracing fun, freedom and frat boys. A year ago, just before his break, Marc and Rachel manage to book a table at one of the best restaurants in the world, reserve to which none of them is willing to give. In this idyllic corner of the Costa Brava will find connoisseurs worldwide. Together they share one of the best sensory experiences of his life. It will be an unforgettable evening. The story of a family whose growth is stunted... a family that learns how to love themselves while loving each other (a little too much). A family vacation is bogged down by unrelenting rain, as a teenage girl and her divorced father try to find common ground. Mitchell Goosen is sixteen/seventeen year old kid from California who loves to surf and roller blade. Yet, his parents, who are two zoologists were given a grant to work in Australia. The only problem was: Mitchell couldn't go with them. So, he gets sent to stay with his aunt, uncle, and cousin in Cincinnati, Ohio. When he arrives, he meets his cousin who is also his new roommate for the next six months: Wiley. Mitchell then goes to school and gets on the bad side the high school hockey players. Mitchell and Wiley end up enduring weeks of torture from the guys. Then, the big guys and Mitchell and Wiley have to learn to get along to try to beat the Central High School rivals in a competition down Devil's Backbone Muhlach plays the role of Umboy, a notary public attorney who earns a living by notarizing important documents and other papers, while Velasquez on the other hand plays the role of Berns, a professional documents fixer. Every time Berns needs the help of a notary public, she goes to Umboy to "legalized" everything. This "legalization" process of documents was somehow Umboy does not agree with Berns. Their different ideology and principles in life have created a cat-and-dog fight situation between the two. But what's supposed to be a misunderstanding between the two of them will likely to create a blossoming relationship. Bound with their principles in life, how do you think the two will end up together -- to the dark side where both of them will be living a dishonest life where they fix documents illegally or to the light side where everything else is in correct and honest manner? Teenage musicians travel to England's Spike Island in the hope of attending an outdoor performance by their favorite band, the Stone Roses. Working at a movie theater is fun, and that's why Mason, Dennis, and Gabe have done it for years. But, those years of neglecting the world outside the theater are finally catching up to them. Now, they have to make a decision: start on the long, hard path to maturity or stay at the theater, where they can avoid customers, screw with customers, and eat as much popcorn as they desire. An ordinary guy delves deep into counterculture, conspiracy theories and the like as he tries to discern the structure of society. Comedy - Recently diagnosed with cancer, free-spirited teen Aiden Kesler grabs his video camera, his two best friends and documents their best day ever. Unaware of Aiden's cancer, his friends quickly jump on board, skip school and enjoy their day off. After challenging the school bully to a fight, Aiden continues to push his own boundaries and those of his friends as the day begins to spiral out of control. -  Andrew MacFarlane, Jarod Joseph, Christie Burke The story of a Crack addicted prostitute named Honey. A girl who goes to a party out in the desert where she falls victim to drugs and gang rape. Spoon feeding herself crack, Honey decides to settle the score. When a giant alien spider escapes from a military lab and rampages across the city of Los Angeles, it is up to one clever exterminator and his security guard sidekick to kill the creature before the entire city is destroyed.  Follows two years in the life of Greg Sommer, aka Skull Man, as he builds the Canadian chapter of Box Wars, an international underground movement of cardboard-based combat. The world's most beloved illusionist, armed with his team of oxymoron's, embark on the freakiest, most adventurous paranormal investigation of all time. Terrorized at every turn by an unexplainable irregular patterns of mysterious paradox's, this witch-hunting, ghost busting, creature questing supernatural spooftacular is the funniest footage ever found! The senior investment banker Jochen Walther is at the peak of his career at the Deutche Bank. He just finished the deal of his life along with his personal assistant Tom Slezak, when during the celebrations he suddendly jumps from the roof of the bank's headquarters in Frankfurt. Was it suicide or even a murder? In a state where even the road signs are macho, an unlikely political outsider emerged to take on the power structure. The leader who came of age during the high tide of modern conservatism, changing Texas and the country - did it in heels. A man's plans for a romantic weekend go awry when he learns that his ex-girlfriend, whom he still secretly loves, manages the ski lodge where he and his wife are staying. Rapping twins Herbert (Jerod Mixon) and Henry (Jamal Mixon) get a shot at stardom when they purchase a prize-winning T-shirt that lands them a chance to perform alongside a hip-hop legend, but they find their dreams going up in flames when their nemesis Kevin (Robbie Kaller) steals the shirt as well as the spotlight. ~ Jason Buchanan, Rovi The political drama is set in the Stalin's Soviet Union after the Second World War. A British archaeologist Andrei Miller is working in Iran. He is mistakenly kidnapped and arrested by the KGB. He is falsely accused of spying and wrongfully sentenced to a Gulag prison-camp in Siberia. As a child, Michael Walker wished every day could be Christmas. That is, until a tragic accident crushed his holiday spirit. Thirty years later, Michael still can't muster any joy for the holidays, despite encouragement from his playful wife and well-intentioned parents. But when his young son faces a tragedy, Michael needs to make amends with his past. A mysterious man named Nick gives Michael a gift and instills in him the courage to find the joy that he lost. When three redneck brothers agree to help a woman save her son from an abusive father, they become targets on the run from an odd cast of characters. The re-imagining of VE Day in 1945, when Princess Elizabeth and her sister, Margaret were allowed out from Buckingham Palace for the night to join in the celebrations, and encounter romance and danger. China is the first country in the world to classify Internet addiction as a clinical disorder. Caught in the Net features a Beijing treatment center where Chinese teenagers are being "deprogrammed," and follows the story of three boys from the day they arrive at the center, to their three-month treatment period, and their long awaited return home. The film provides a microcosm of modern Chinese life and investigates one of the symptoms of the Internet age. It examines inter-generational pressures and the disregard of the human rights of minors who get caught in the net. Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, China, the present day. Master chef Tang Shizhe (Kenneth Tsang) tells his two daughters, the careerist Wa'er (Huo Siyan) and teenage Xiaolan (Jiang Mengjie), that he has decided to sell his upscale vegetarian restaurant, the centre of his life for 30 years. Two friends try executing their 'get-rich-quick' plan by kidnapping their boss's daughter, but when the plan falls apart, they must scramble to fix the situation and repair their friendship. The film centres on a retired, widowed professor  living in Paris who develops a special relationship with a younger French woman. A movie about a Gay Caveman... When an unexpected outsider arrives in their camp, a microcosmic group of cave men and women find their world turned upside down by this mysterious stranger's evolved ways. When the women decide to leave camp until they receive better treatment, the cave men must turn to the evolved stranger to help them change their ways to get their women back. A hunting vacation goes horribly awry for 4 friends after they accidentally shoot the lease's land owner. Calvin is a young novelist who achieved phenomenal success early in his career but is now struggling with his writing - as well as his romantic life. Finally, he makes a breakthrough and creates a character named Ruby who inspires him. When Calvin finds Ruby, in the flesh, sitting on his couch about a week later, he is completely flabbergasted that his words have turned into a living, breathing person. A zany twist on the conspiracy-laden world of X-Files, Route 30, Too! picks up as two members of New York State's Unusual Occurrence and Paranormal Society (Jamie Rose, Robert Romanus) arrive to investigate the mysterious goings on. When the local color includes the likes of overzealous Deer Hunter Bob (Curtis Armstrong), money-hungry huckster Rotten Egg (Lee Wilkof) and a Spanish candy store clerk named Chicky (Noah Applebaum), spotting the alien will be no easy task. The 2nd film in John Putch's Route 30 Trilogy is another quirky collection of tales from the backwoods of his childhood. In an effort to tap into his original talent, a wheelchair-bound author moves to a rural town, where he befriends a single mother and her three kids, who help reignite his passion for writing. A Single Mom's 9 Year old daughter (Chantal Stevens) and 15 year old son (Kenneth Stevens) are rebellious against the idea of mom (Mrs. Stevens) wanting to hire a Nanny. Follow this Family Comedy as Kenneth and Chantal have their hilarious brother and sister rivalry, while at the same time deterring potential nannies when one nanny really catches their hearts. romantic comedy that tells the tale of Nani, a bubbly 21-year old girl, and her unique pet turtle, Nico. Nico is one of the rare Green Crown Sea Turtle species... but more importantly, Nico has the ability to talk to humans... if he so chooses to do so. Nani has recently moved in with her brother, Amir, ans seems to be falling for their budding musician neighbor, Adam. Disturbed by any budding romance, Nico dos everything possible to sabotage Adam's efforts to woo Nani. Plot unknown A businessman gets caught up in an assassination plot when he travels to Cuba. Dewey Winfield is a lovable loser who wants nothing more than to beat the guy who has bullied him his whole life in a big fishing tournament.  In order to win, Dewey will need the help of some eccentric senior citizens who are about to be evicted from their assisted living home.  When they all go fishing, comedy ensues - tragedy strikes - and Dewey discovers that his hopes and dreams of winning the fishing tournament may not be the most important thing in life after all. When Ajib (Zizan Razak), a mat rempit, dies as a result of joining an illegal drag race, he becomes a spirit trapped between the world of the living and the dead. What he needs to do to move on is to settle his real world affairs with his family, something that is almost impossible when he is helpless to do anything. That is, until he realises that he can be seen by Ibrahim (Fizz Fairuz). Will Ajib be able to find peace and move on into the afterlife? After losing his parents, a priest travels to China, where he inherits a mysterious ability that allows him to turn into a dinosaur. At first horrified by this new power, a hooker convinces him to use it to fight crime. And ninjas. An omnibus of ten short films by ten young directors. Just when you thought it was safe to go back to the beach, it appears that our large fishy friends have found a way to chomp on you when you're chilling out on the sand too! Aspiring actress Amelia begins her 25th birthday by breaking up with her boyfriend, and things only go downhill from there. After visiting a dubious psychic for advice, Amelia sets off on a bizarre adventure to find money for rent and possibly love. High school senior David Bennett (Alex Branton) is about to embark on his last night as a high school student, and for his friends Scott (Brian Scott Hunt), Mike (Keven White), and Kailey (Jayci Molnar) he promises to make it a night they will always remember. While the gang heads off on their night of mischief and fun, David's overshadowed little brother Aaron (Adam Hagenbuch) teams up with the hotheaded school resource officer, Eddie Fiebigger (Joel Hudgins) to ensure that David doesn't pull off another one of his infamous escapades. As the night goes on, the realization sets in for the group of seniors that high school is over and the question of "what's next?" is the only thing on their minds. Robert asks Jenny, a girl he found on Craigslist, to be his new roommate. Now after a year of living together, he finds himself falling in love with her, but his ability to keep afloat in San Francisco is coming to an end. With a lame job and not enough income, he has no choice but to move back with his parents in Rochester, NY. With only three days until his flight home, Robert struggles to tell Jenny his true feelings and to determine what direction his life is headed. Pete is a good guy who used to be cool. Once living his dream in the music industry, he now toils away in the pricing department of a failing supermarket chain to provide for his loving wife and young son. When Pete's new boss, Susan, takes over the department, her high-energy enthusiasm and unconventional ideas start to shake things up. She aims to reinvent the company while grooming Pete for the executive fast track. Making more money now than he ever hoped to in the music industry, Pete begins to wonder if this new career is just what he needs to become the man he's always wanted to be. A small circle of friends suffering from post-collegiate blues must confront the hard truth about life, love and the pursuit of gainful employment. As they struggle to map out survival guides for the future, the Gen-X quartet soon begins to realize that reality isn't all it's cracked up to be. Amanda believes men are too complicated and has lost faith finding the perfect one. Her friend and a psychoanalyst have a plan how to make her fall in love. Three divorced fathers are forced to live together. All Ira Finkelstein wants for Christmas is...Christmas. Unfortunately, his parents are sending him to Florida to be with his Grandparents. Ira's spirit soars as he manages to land in Christmas Town, USA, instead. Three childhood friends meet again many years later, a woman and two men. A triangle. In one corner, sex, in another, love, and in the middle ... the protagonist in a mess. Romantic and sentimental comedy about sex, love and its many complicated combinations.  A former footballer living in Brittany enlists his old teammates to help the local fisherman to win some games in order to raise money and save jobs. Two disconnected sisters are summoned to clean out their childhood bedrooms before their parents sell their family home. Goltzius and the Pelican Company tells the story of Hendrik Goltzius, a late 16th century Dutch printer and engraver of erotic prints. A contemporary of Rembrandt and, indeed, more celebrated during his life, Goltzius seduces the Margrave of Alsace into paying for a printing press to make and publish illustrated books. In return, he promises him an extraordinary book of pictures of illustrating the Old Testament's biblical stories. Erotic tales of Lot and his daughters, David and Bathsheba, Samson and Deliah and John the Baptist and Salome. To tempt the Margrave further, Goltzius and his printing company will offer to perform dramatisations of these erotic stories for his court. Two clumsy policemen, Kiko and Castro find during a routine patrol in the forest a dead body without feet and head. After several inquiries, they discover that it belongs to a prominent member of the union, frowned upon by the officers. To solve the case they choose Elias, an agent with little experience who will investigate the case with the help of Conda, the medical examiner, and the clumsy agents that discovered the body. 1909, a detachment of the Mexican army commanded by Captain Allende moves to Clipperton, also called the Island of the Passion, in the Pacific. After the outbreak of the revolution, the island becomes administered by the government of France, events that in principle go unnoticed by the islanders. Trattoria tells the story of Sal Sartini (played by Tony Denison from "The Closer"), a "conventional" chef in that he has an upscale, brick and mortar restaurant, who anxiously scans every diner wondering if he or she is the famed Michelin reviewer or the local reviewer who can get him on the coveted "Top 100 Restaurants" list. The interplay between Sal and his son, Vince (played by John Patrick Amedori), who thinks he might want to be a chef and is willing to experiment with his grandmother's traditional Italian recipes, creates some drama. When stymied by his father, who thinks that training his son involves having him wash dishes and plunge clogged toilets in the restaurant, Vince finds alternative outlets. Oliver Hayes, an aspiring animator whose confidence is at a low point, meets the captivating and impulsive Lily Blush, who encourages him to drop everything and go with her to Northern California in the hopes of fulfilling his fantasy of working for Pixar Animation Studios. As they travel up the coast, Oliver falls deeply in love but upon making certain startling discoveries he must decide if he wants to face reality or stay in dreamworld. Jennifer Carpenter, Kristen Connolly and Alexander Poe star in a comedy about three New Yorkers struggling to uncover the truth behind their romantic entanglements. Disheartened by his latest relationship catastrophe, Graham (Poe) attempts to rekindle the spark with his ex-girlfriend, Laura (Connolly). In the attempt to win her back Graham discovers he has a unique problem: Laura and another one his ex-girlfriends (Carpenter) are dating the same guy. Marvin (Marvin Gurewitz) and his sons (Alex Karpovsky, Stephen Gurewitz) go on a weekend camping trip, but things slowly unravel when past grudges are revealed. When a college piano prodigy tries to check his mother into rehab, he is taken hostage by her drug dealer and swept along on a wild adventure. The real story of "4:20 Somethings" living in California's semi-legalized marijuana culture. Set in a world where homosexuality is the norm, a small Indiana town is rocked to its core when Jude, the star quarterback of the local university football team, strikes up a love affair with Ryan, a sports journalism major. When the straight couple is outed, the community's powerful religious leader begins a vitriolic crusade against all heterosexuals. Entertainer quits a crooked London theater and sets up her troupe on her uncle's farm. A famous musician joins the group and helps them get a legitimate booking. Venereal disease forces a confirmed bachelor to take stock of his history of one night stands. Mateo and Will invite their friends over for Will's 30th birthday. After a few surprise visitors, they get through the day, but realize that doubting your partner isn't nearly as scary as doubting yourself. Two guys get a billion dollars to make a movie, only to watch their dream run off course. Set right before Christmas, Niko the reindeer must deal with his mom getting re-married and his being tasked with looking after his little stepbrother. Li Qin leaves her temperamental husband and unknowingly provides a trail for a detective who has been, for months, secretly devoted to her. In the wake of their one-way chase, a Chinese businessman wanders around town; two magicians attempt to overcome a crisis, and a waitress is desperate for stability. Some will find what they are looking for, some will find each other, and some simply will not. A satire about two struggling actresses who escape into a fantasy world to cope with rejection and hone their craft. Convinced their mysterious new neighbor is a talent agent, they take him hostage and demand acting careers as ransom.  Sexy. Style-conscious. Extreme love affairs. Complicated friendships. Life happens all too quickly when Cloey is reluctantly plucked from her comfort zone and complete reliance on others is overturned - a secure relationship with her boyfriend unravels, her childhood best friend is moving away and daddy's (Daniel Baldwin) checkbook closes. City Baby comments on the ladder-climbing mentality of always reaching for the next bigger, better thing - relationship, city, job - when sometimes what's right in front of us is just fine. Scattered with cameos from Portland musicians like Stephen Malkmus of Pavement, live musical performances by Glass Candy and Starfucker, and a thoughtful soundtrack featuring all Portland bands and musicians, City Baby depicts a playground for semi-adults, revolving through the lives of cool kids. After being dumped and fired on the same day, Marie, a maid, gets a job cleaning up after an overworked businessman and the aggressively messy roommate he's forgotten about, sending her into a surreal world of candy, insult comics, and pretend marriages. Matt goes to work every day to find himself taunted by fellow employees. In need of a fresh start, Matt leaves Atlanta and returns to his roots in Scarsdale, New York. Matt soon links up with his eccentric childhood friends and notices that the old town is now shot to hell. Matt and his gang take on an array of perplexing ordeals to redeem the town along with his grandfather's cheese shop. Will Matt and the boys win the town back like real Ivy leaguers or will they live up to being "Big Losers"? In this alternate history fable set in the 1980s AIDS Crisis, a closeted young man is thrust into the midst of an anti-government coup and finds that the animal within is stronger than the monsters that oppress. An acerbic comedian becomes romantically entangled with her ex, his new girlfriend, and another guest during a weekend getaway. Fountain Lakes' foxy ladies who turn more than just heads when they go on an overseas trip and end up being the centre of their very own fairytale. Four tales unfold in the Eternal City: While vacationing in Rome, architect John encounters a young man whose romantic woes remind him of a painful incident from his own youth; retired opera director Jerry discovers a mortician with an amazing voice, and he seizes the opportunity to rejuvenate his own flagging career; a young couple have separate romantic interludes; a spotlight shines on an ordinary man. Jason Kelly is one week away from marrying his boss's uber-controlling daughter, putting him on the fast track for a partnership at the law firm. However, when the straight-laced Jason is tricked into driving his foul-mouthed grandfather, Dick, to Daytona for spring break, his pending nuptials are suddenly in jeopardy. Between riotous frat parties, bar fights, and an epic night of karaoke, Dick is on a quest to live his life to the fullest and bring Jason along for the ride. Elspeth Dickens dreams of finding her "voice" despite being stuck in an isolated farmhouse with her twin toddlers. A web-cam becomes her pathway to fame and fortune, but at a price. The tale of an ordinary garden snail who dreams of winning the Indy 500. Tom, Rahul and Bhavesh meet Seeta in their youth, then each falls in love with her in adulthood. The three friends try to woo her, but she does not believe in love and ignores their advances. Three magazine employees head out on an assignment to interview a guy who placed a classified ad seeking a companion for time travel. Donald and Mickey are overdue on their rent, so the sheriff is preparing to evict them and sell their belongings. Goofy the ice-man comes by and helps them move out before the sale, but their piano doesn't want to stay on his truck. Meanwhile, Donald has a fight with a plunger and a fishbowl after removing a heater from the gas line. A sly riff on the Prodigal Son story, Mika Kaurismaki's latest -- about a joyless workaholic concert pianist who ends up on a wild ride with his long-lost rapscallion father -- is a funny and cogent analysis of machismo, abandonment issues and the value of reconnecting with one's roots. (TIFF) A group of oddball high school students find themselves trapped in detention with their classmates having turned into a horde of Zombies. Meet Doctor Spine, a meek chiropractor with a very dark past that comes back to haunt him. Watch, as a life spent helping others spirals downward into a miasma of madness. Directed by John Wesley Norton. An exorcism comedy which follows the Order of Hellbound Saints (Brooklyn Parish), a highly secretive and profoundly blasphemous men of God, as they battle demonic forces too terrible to be cast out by traditional Vatican-approved methods. Banksy's work now reportedly changes hands for millions.  But he puts up his street art for free. Have you ever wondered  what would happen if you got your hands on one of these?  Does it mean you've found a winning lottery ticket or just  scraped some worthless crap off a wall?  Going up against the Art Establishment, Critics, Auction Houses,  Gallery Owners and Authentication Boards in a quest for the  elusive meal ticket, two filmmakers unwittingly gatecrash the  murky and protective world of Banksy.  "HOW TO SELL A BANKSY" raises questions of ownership,  authentication and the true value of art itself. Through all the  chaos and incompetence comes a modern-day, true-story,  crime-theft, comedy-caper. On a stormy Saturday afternoon, six students from Crestview Academy begin to meet horrible fates as they serve out their detentions. Is a fellow student to blame, or perhaps Crestview's alleged ghosts are behind the terrible acts? Vince has carefully planned out every aspect of his seemingly successful life until his plans come crashing down around him just one day after his wedding, leaving his three under-qualified friends to pick up the pieces. As they head to Atlantic City for the wildest and most spontaneous weekend of their lives they'll be sure that this Mancation will be one that will never be forgotten! Though a childhood bout with polio left him dependent on an iron lung, Mark O'Brien (John Hawkes) maintains a career as a journalist and poet. A writing assignment dealing with sex and the disabled piques Mark's curiosity, and he decides to investigate the possibility of experiencing sex himself. When his overtures toward a caregiver scare her away, he books an appointment with sex surrogate Cheryl Green (Helen Hunt) to lose his virginity. The story follows a Roman architect named Lucius, who is having trouble coming up with ideas. One day, he discovers a hidden tunnel underneath a spa that leads him to a modern Japanese bath house. Inspired by the innovations found there, he creates his own spa, Roma Thermae, bringing in the modern ideas to his time. Jorge arrives Cuba accompanied by her nephew, trying to untangle a mess of skirts. The argument leads to a bizarre story in which the incredible Cuban Harley Davidson and passion for motorcycles are also actors. Imagine asteroids so large that they can wipe out all life on the planet constantly bombarding the Earth. The only things standing in the way are the Rock Jocks, a top-secret band of government employees, who pilot asteroid-killing satellites.  The story takes place during a Rock Jocks night shift. Though they are there to fight off asteroids, they spend most of the night fighting off boredom, themselves, and the occasional meddling government bureaucrat hell-bent on cutting their department's budget. Fast-forward five years and things havent quite gone as the boys might have planned: Albert is now married to Tania and they are living in suburbia, both working in insurance and also trying (unsuccessfully) to have a baby; Sefa and Leilani are still together and now have two kids although despite Sefas proposal, theyre still not married. And while Sefas business is falling apart, Leilani seems to be living life to the full; Stanley is now a trainee Deacon in the Future Church; Michael has moved to Australia but the boys dont hear from him often; and Bolo has thrown in his job with Sefa and taken up work with Sione, Michaels younger brother. Two college film students set out to make an homage to Charlie LaRue, not for art or for money. They're doing it to get a hot chick. A search and recovery team heads into the haunted swamp to pick up the pieces and Marybeth learns the secret to ending the voodoo curse that has left Victor Crowley haunting and terrorizing Honey Island Swamp for decades. A Mysterious Alien Creature (MAC) escaping from nefarious NASA agents, is befriended by a young boy in a wheelchair. Together, they try to find MAC's family from whom he has been separated. The reality television and web content pioneer brings his uniquely deadpan style of humor to a whole new venue: the standup stage, in this concert special that finds the boundary-pushing comic discussing such no-limits topics as politics, social media, and his bout with cancer. The story of J, a rich, party boy thrust into the workaday world by his father as the lowest man on the totem pole in a company he technically owns. The road-show troupe of a top Broadway show go cross-country while taking the audience along on the on-stage scenes as well as what happens and is happening back stage of the production. The spectacular dancing ensembles and colorful costumes and pulchritude on-stage offers a contrasting background to the drabness of the backstage, where joy, sorrow, tragedies, deception, and romance are intertwined. Two loser brothers and their simpleton roommate's lives are forever changed when a mysterious meteor strikes their house. When Mutta was 12-years-old and Hibito was 9-years-old the two brothers saw what they thought was an UFO flying towards the moon. They made a pact then to become astronauts and one day fly into space together.  Fast forward to the year 2025. Older brother Mutta (Shun Oguri) works as for an automotive company and his younger brother Hibito works as an astronaut. Although Mutta failed to follow through on his childhood promise, after losing his job, he receives a phone call from Hibito which reignites his childhood dream of flying into outer space ... Newly single, 35, and uninspired by his job, Jesse Fisher worries that his best days are behind him. But no matter how much he buries his head in a book, life keeps pulling Jesse back. When his favorite college professor invites him to campus to speak at his retirement dinner, Jesse jumps at the chance. He is prepared for the nostalgia of the dining halls and dorm rooms, the parties and poetry seminars; what he doesn't see coming is Zibby - a beautiful, precocious, classical-music-loving sophomore. Zibby awakens scary, exciting, long-dormant feelings of possibility and connection that Jesse thought he had buried forever. Sacha is a real seducer, a man with no ties or emotional or professional. Charlotte is a modern and independent woman, but barely has time to care for their three children. While Sacha and Charlotte are, at first glance, two incompatible beings, when they meet soon discover that they are quite complementary and need each other. Wally, a Trojan skinhead whose only friend is his beloved Dalmatian Neechee. One day while walking her, Wally accidentally becomes involved with a strange deal gone bad when he bumps into a fleeing stranger being chased by a group of mob thugs. His dog is then kidnapped by the mob thugs. Wally attains an arsenal of firearms and is ready to extract his revenge on the ruthless kingpins. All he wants is his dog back. Two New York film editors balance their personal relationships while reworking a movie in crisis. The Burlesque Assassins. Beautiful, deadly and a vital weapon in the war on communism that threatens the free world. Set in the 1950s, this tale of cold war espionage and intrigue follows superspies Johnny Valentine, Koko La Douce, Bombshell Belle and new recruit Bourbon Sue as they seduce their way within killing distance of a trio of villainy bent on global domination. See the fatal fan dance of Koko La Douce! See the brutal boa of Bombshell Belle! Witness firsthand the carnage and the cleavage as the enemies of The Burlesque Assassins discover that when it comes to these women, LOOKS CAN KILL! A drama centered on an office worker on the verge of retirement who begins to relive both real and imagined memories. A US Senator's son who attempts to forget the break up of his fiancee is forced to vacation in Turkey by his best friends. A para-sailing trip mishap lands him in a small village in Armenia, where he is accused of being a spy. It is there he meets a young woman who helps him to escape from misfortune. Marcelo feels he's found the incarnation of his favorite superhero in Julio, his troublesome and eccentric neighbor whose biggest dream is to become a porn star, but Mrs. Martha, who still treats her son Marcelo like a kid, will never permit such a relationship to flourish. Emotionally disturbed, she will try to protect the only thing she's got left in the world: her son. A recent college graduate sets out to win back the girl of his dreams. A couple endures a series of mishaps right before their wedding day. A charming, suicidal druggie must obey his rehab-clinic's demand to lead a seniors men's group or face incarceration and lose the love of his psychiatrist's daughter. (Long Synopsis) "When former tennis pro Owen "Game Set" Match gets fired from his cushy job instructing at the affluent Fountain Club, he's forced to take a position at the gritty public courts of the Derby City Recreation Center.  There he contends with his new co-workers, a ragtag group of tennis pro misfits; his boss Sherry, a strong-willed, single mother; and her son Jake, a goth teenager and secret tennis hopeful.  Slowly Owen begins to win over his colleagues, mend his broken friendships and help Jake fix his serve ... and develops a romantic connection with Sherry, despite her insistence that she doesn't date tennis pros.  Just when things seem to be looking up, Owen's former boss and court nemesis challenges the Derby City club to a showdown in the annual Combo Cup tennis tournament.  As he leads his team of oddball amateurs, Owen learns the most valuable lesson of all ... On the court or off, everyone deserves a second chance!" Two high school girls are best friends until one dates the other's older brother, who is totally his sister's nemesis. Growing up in a rich ass family, getting laid, and being the boss. Two guys who make a pact to lose their virginity before prom find their friendship tested when one of them comes out of the closet. After inheriting the family mortuary, a pyrophobic mortician accidentally exposes hundreds of un-cremated bodies to toxic medical waste. As the corpses re-animate, the mortician's inheritance-seeking younger brother unexpectantly shows up, stumbling upon a full zombie outbreak! Two teens battle their way through a religious apocalypse on a mission to defeat the Antichrist. Gossip Nation follows the conflicts and dramas of a community of African immigrants and refugees that have settled in Blacktown, (Sydney). The film is told primarily through 'Kemi', an unemployed Nigerian teen girl who unknowingly wreaks havoc in her community through gossip.  Producer Daniel Okoduwa has recently been recognised as one of the 100 most influential African-Australians for his work promoting African film and music by the Federation of Ethnic Communities Councils of Australia (FECCA).  Gossip Nation is the first Australian Nollywood film. After losing her boyfriend, Moni decides to focus on her thesis, which consists on chocolate pastry-making. When she starts seeing other guys, the ghostly figure of her abusive boyfriend Javi appears, provoking funny situations since Moni is the only one who sees him. Private eye Joe Dancer finds himself framed for manslaughter while trying to uncover a Hollywood scandal that could ruin a studio and destroy a top star's career. Heckle and Jeckle, the world's most famous talking Magpies, go on a moose-hunting trip. In order to get close enough to a moose to shoot him, they combine themselves into a female(?) moose costume. But the disguise is too effective, the moose is soon in love, and it appears a union that will produce the worlds first Moosepie animal is in the offing. An absurdist, surrealistic and shocking pitch-black comedy, which moves freely from nightmare to fantasy to hilariously deadpan humour as it muses on man's perpetual inhumanity to man. Taking inspiration from The Human Centipede films, the warden of a notorious and troubled prison looks to create a 500-person human centipede as a solution to his problems. A group of six ex-high school cheerleaders are stalked by a killer with a medieval war hammer and battle axe during their first Spring Break from college. "Lars the Emo Kid" follows the story of Lars R. Hyde, a young man dealing with a series of crippling  situations outside of his control. His best friend has just committed suicide, his Mom and Dad are separated and hate oneanother and the local bully has set sights on him. Lonely and feeling empty and lost, Lars meets a local group of emos to identify with, immediately becoming friends with their leader Leonard. Has Lars finally found his place in life, or just more drama to add to an already overfilled plate? Four friends hit the road to LA to compete in the Cyberbowl Video Game Championship, but will they be able to compete with the worst hangovers of their lives? Businessman Wesley Deeds is jolted out of his scripted life when he meets Lindsey, a single mother who works on the cleaning crew in his office building. A newlywed couple cancels their honeymoon and returns to the snowy Midwest to make the funeral arrangements for their best man, who died unexpectedly after their ceremony. Alice, an obsessed Woody Allen fan, meets Pierre in a night-club and falls in love with him. But when Pierre sees Alice's sister Helene, things start to get complicated. What happens when the white man brings their smack into Soda's hood? A comedy set in the world of two pickup artists that is centered on the trouble they get into through the lies they tell. Mutant hordes are sent to annihilate mankind. Fishing Naked is a comedy. It is a film about four young adults being bad in the woods. They pull Bigfoot hoaxes, scare tourists, disrespect their elders, hook up and smoke dope. That is until they realize there is an alien creature they have inadvertently put in harms way with all the attention they have been attracting to their rural mountain community. As their relationships fray, they hatch a half-baked plot to pull the biggest hoax yet to right their wrongs by deliberately getting caught in the act. A Spaniard in Argentina becomes aware of his approaching death while staying at a hospital, so he decides to run away from Buenos Aires and start a trip up North, heading nowhere in particular. In the cut-throat London film industry a vivacious actress chasing her big break struggles to maintain her integrity in the face of the director's advances. The Ciraulo family lives in the miserable district of Palermo called "Zen". When one of their children dies in a shootout between mafia gangsters they receive compensation and buy a luxury black Volvo. Things go wrong when Trancredi, another son, takes the car out and damages the car door. WOII. A gang of rebels tough as nails, terrorizing the Nazi's in the woods of Flanders, gets a dangerous, secret mission: travel to the Belgian Congo to embark on a stolen German U-Boat with an extremely important cargo to the United States... Based primarily on the first game in the series, Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney, the film focuses on rookie defense attorney Ryuichi Naruhodo, as he strives to protect his clients in various murder trials, including the death of his mentor, Chihiro Ayasato, and the accusation of rival prosecutor, Reiji Mitsurugi. Ryuichi's greatest ally is Chihiro's younger sister Mayoi, a spirit medium whose body is posessed by Chihiro to communicate with him. The film will be a courtroom drama combined with the video game series' signature style. Sci-fi elements are also used such as characters bringing up holographic images of evidence during trials. Michael Delaney is out of prison and back on the streets. He makes it to Harlem where things are not as peaceful and quiet as it seems. Two wealthy sisters, both heiresses to their family's cosmetics fortune, are given a wake-up call when a scandal and ensuing investigation strip them of their wealth. Meet Hal, 87; Charlie, 87 and Maurie, 87. Three of a group of friends who gather every day at one p.m. in the village of Dorset, Vermont to play a game called "paddle tennis". They have been playing together for years. Moving beyond paddle tennis, The Longest Game takes on the 'game' of life, the stories we tell and the underlying forces that connect us all. A sixties psychedelic counterculture clash occurs during the "Summer of Love" when an aspiring hippie from New York dupes the son of a Swedish dairy farmer into smuggling illegal margarine into butter-rich Wisconsin Chris crashes into a carload of other young people, and the group of stranded motorists is soon lost in the woods of West Virginia, where they're hunted by three cannibalistic mountain men who are grossly disfigured by generations of inbreeding. A professional poker player seeks out an old flame after his marriage fizzles. A widowed working-class father falls in love with a struggling, poor artist. A smart teenage girl comes of age in a small town with her self-centered parents who had her when they were teenagers. A wife pressures her husband to solicit work papers from his civil servant father. When dwindling membership and increasing overheads makes a local bowling club and prime candidate for a takeover, it's all hands on deck to save the club, in what turns into an epic battle where young meets old, greed meets good and people rise to the occasion in extraordinary circumstances. At a time when superheroes have lost government funding and public support, a superhero meets a girl who can help him overcome his own emotional crisis. Amy is only 13 years old when her mother is killed. She goes to Canada to live with her father, an eccentric inventor whom she barely knows. Amy is miserable in her new life... until she discovers a nest of goose eggs that were abandoned when a local forest is torn down. The eggs hatch and Amy becomes "Mama Goose". When Winter comes, Amy, and her dad must find a way to lead the birds South... A comedy that follows the relatives of Harold Blumethal, a legendary playwright who made his career parodying his family in his work and died laughing at his own joke. Hiroshi Tanaka (Shota Matsuda) sports an intense perm which looks like the afro hairstyle favored by some African-Americans back in the 1970's. He doesn't get his hair done at a hair shop, he was actually born with his hair like that. For freedom, Hiroshi moves to Tokyo. He works hard there and, even though he turns 24, he still doesn't have a girlfriend. Meanwhile, a school friend informs Hiroshi that he is going to get married. Hiroshi remembers a promise that they made. Hiroshi is even more impatient to find a girlfriend. A beautiful woman named Aya Kato (Nozomi Sasaki) then moves into the neighborhood. In Paris, scoundrel mates Paolo and Antoine Venturen hope to get rich quick by asking ransom fro rich Mr. Jumelin's preteen son Eric. Masquerading as Indians, the scamp's favorite game, does the trick. They soon learn such bratty rascal is more trouble then he's worth. The boy's a P.I. instead of paying, and it gets worse. Skipper, Kowalski, Rico and Private join forces with undercover organization The North Wind to stop the villainous Dr. Octavius Brine from destroying the world as we know it. Infected by a virus, a mild mannered HR manager attempts to fulfill his overwhelming desire for brains, all while trying to keep it together so as not to incur the wrath of his bridezilla-to-be. Mike, an experienced stripper, takes a younger performer called The Kid under his wing and schools him in the arts of partying, picking up women, and making easy money. A formerly acclaimed graphic novelist goes looking for true connection outside of his marriage, and over the fence. A group of 40-somethings in Hollywood juggle their frustration with the movie business and upheaval in their personal lives. They also burst into song. During the 1980s, a failed stand-up comedian is driven insane and turns to a life of crime and chaos in Gotham City while becoming an infamous psychopathic crime figure. A successful film composer falls in love when he travels to India to work on a Bollywood retelling of Romeo and Juliet. Pia's life, a girl from a small German town, changes when surprisingly, finds in her garden  a huge black monster. She soon discovers that the mysterious creature, which called Yoko, is actually a kind yeti spiritually protecting animals and children worldwide. Yoko is constantly showing his friends Pia and their unique qualities, but children are not the only ones who want the Yeti. Its great value calls attention to two hunters who want to take advantage of the yeti. Three friends are asked to be bridesmaids at a wedding of a woman they used to ridicule back in high school. Ronald Plasmeyer (Ruben Van Der Meer) is a small-time Amsterdam detective, struggling with financial problems because of his gambling habit. When the Chinese crime boss Hao threatens Ronald's ex-wife and son to get his money back, Ronald comes up with a plan that will solve all his problems. Ronald enlists two petty criminals (Ton Kas and Rene Van 't Hof) to rob an illegal poker tournament he's taking part in, providing him with a perfect alibi. Quick, simple and non-violent; the plan is foolproof... until people start getting killed. Soon, Ronald's partners take off with the money, leaving him empty handed. To make matters worse Ronald's colleagues in the police force begin to suspect him of the robbery, setting the stage for a nerve-racking game of cat and mouse. Ronald is all-in... holding the worst hand of his life. A teacher with paranormal abilities helps a group of ghosts graduate high school. Where shall we put grandma? Her permanently anxious and stressed daughter, Marie, knows exactly where: the neighbourhood's idyllically situated retirement homem where she can find friends of "her own age". But Granny has other ideas: She wants to see the Pope in Rome, and no one can stop her plan. She wants to finally confess a troubling sin to the highest possible power. She resolves to make the journey alone, and ends up one day on the doorstep of her granddaughter, Martina. What she doesn't know is that Martina has a secret too, and that a private audience with the Pope is virtually impossible for mere mortals. Together with sly bon vivant, Lorenzo, the three set off on an adventure - but their attempt to receive a Papal blessing almost ends in disaster. Narrowly avoiding jail, new dad Robbie vows to turn over a new leaf. A visit to a whisky distillery inspires him and his mates to seek a way out of their hopeless lives. It's the ultimate buddy cop movie except for one thing: they're not cops.  When two struggling pals dress as police officers for a costume party, they become neighborhood sensations.  But when these newly-minted "heroes" get tangled in a real life web of mobsters and dirty detectives, they must put their fake badges on the line. Is inner beauty more important than shopping? Can homosexuals read? Does prostitution solve everything? And who is she wearing? Discover the answers to these and other existential questions in Fallen Jewel - a new motion picture brought to you by the creators of the acclaimed Capitol Hill series. Featuring sensational original soundtrack, fierce fashion, plenty of man-candy and vibrant performances, it's the queer pop-art fantasia you've been waiting for your whole life. Waxie Moon, a "burlesque performer for a new century" - NPR, searches for a perfect man between exuberant musical numbers and the unspeakable ordeals of motherhood. Addicted to romance and dressed to kill, Waxie is always ready to fall in love. In the wildly shifting world where genders and genres are fluid, Waxie's adventures include a trip to the underworld, a forbidden love affair in the 1950's, and even online dating! A teenage slacker has only one night to finish a major English assignment, his grades depends on it. He is forced to finish the work over night at a local Internet cafe where he encounters gamers, nocturnal goth-ghouls and drunken Clubbers. A misunderstood gift, a confused moment of infidelity and a wild Segway ride become plot problems as the main character realizes, during the director's commentary, she's in the wrong film. Jazz and Wolf need money to save their comic shop. When the rare and valuable first issue of Electric Man shows up, they think all their problems are solved. But things are never that simple. They are not the only ones who want to get their hands on it. In a totalitarian society of the future, in which the government controls all facets of the media, a homicide detective investigates a string of bombings, and finds out more than he bargained for. Decorated Vietnam hero, Frank Vega returns home only to get shunned by society leaving him without a job or his high school sweetheart. It's not until forty years later when an incident on a commuter bus makes him a local hero where he's suddenly celebrated once again. But his good fortune suddenly turns for the worse when his best friend is murdered and the police aren't doing anything about it. An Air Force major feels a volatile mixture of relief and anger when he is excused from performing a dangerous test in a new aircraft. Five narcissistic roommates rife with animosity hastily conspire to pull off an underground rave party, without their elderly landlady knowing about it. Things spiral out of control and everyone gets a little more than they bargained for. When Anna Thompson gets mixed-up in a convenience store robbery, she makes a split-decision to walk out of her life and into the unknown. On her travels, she meets Travis, a teenage drifter on his own journey of self-discovery. Rookie detective Jack Wall is up against insurmountable odds as he attempts to solve his first case with a mysterious crime lord against him. Finding the true love of his life only to have her taken away is just the beginning of his transformation into Payback Jack. A slick private eye (Duane Martin) set out to investigate the death of a young rapper, only to find himself knee-deep in drugs, guns, and double crosses. Vivica A. Fox and real-life rappers Jadakiss and Sticky Fingaz co-star. To the amusement of their adult children and friends, long divorced couple Don and Ellie Griffin are once again forced to play the happy couple for the sake of their adopted son's wedding after his ultra conservative biological mother unexpectedly decides to fly halfway across the world to attend. With all of the wedding guests looking on, the Griffins are hilariously forced to confront their past, present and future - and hopefully avoid killing each other in the process. A struggling screenwriter inadvertently becomes entangled in the Los Angeles criminal underworld after his oddball friends kidnap a gangster's beloved Shih Tzu. A romantic comedy that brings together three disparate characters who are learning to face a challenging and often confusing world as they struggle together against a common demon: sex addiction.  Steven, a pupil in a special-needs class, learns that his school has won a trip to Alcabideche, Portugal. He is overjoyed to get the chance to finally see his homeland. Once there, he decides to conduct his own holidays... Count Cagliostro, a time-traveling sorcerer masquerading as the emcee of a "punk circus" in Berlin, raises Michael Jackson from the dead to start a global revolution. A couple confronts the true meaning of love, sex, and honesty. A young playboy who learns he has one month until he becomes infertile sets out to procreate as much as possible. Mario Paz is a grey and unadventurous office worker. One day, in his eternal way from home to work, it appears an obstacle: Coco, a strange guy who has planted in his front door and just looks at him in silence. Mario will never be able recover his routine. When Leslie gets fed up with her prudish roommate, Hannah, she challenges her to the bet of a lifetime: Hannah must sleep with ten guys while Leslie does the unthinkable and "re-virginizes". An anonymous advice columnist finds herself caught in an unlikely romance with the man who has been hired to kill her alter ego. Martin is a young Argentinean piano virtuoso and composer. For four years, he has been a patient of El Borda psychiatric hospital. Music filled up his life. Now he is trying to return to life outside the asylum walls, while working on his new opus, "Enfermaria". On the eve of their wedding, Alison gets cold feet and decides to break up with her fiance Phil.  But rather than face the embarrassment of calling off the ceremony, Alison suggests to Phil that they proceed with a sham wedding. Phil is more than game to try, secretly hoping that a surprise gift he has for Alison will ultimately change her mind.  Yet once the guests begin to arrive, more complications ensue than either of them could have ever imagined - even if they did know their wedding was bullshit. When their family bakery may have to close its doors right before Christmas, rival sisters Kim and Gina must team up in a national baking competition to win the grand prize. Thrown into a world of fierce competitors and a ticking clock, it will take a Christmas miracle to save the bakery, though they may discover a prize much larger than they had hoped for. Jaci van Jaarsveld will do everything in her power to stop the advertising company where she works to be taken over by a ruthless businessman known as 'The Jackal'. Her only hope for a big contract to save their company is a wine estate that markets wines to international markets. Easier said than done, especially if the winegrower requires the person to promote his wine to be in an established relationship. In desperation Jaci decided to hire a model pretending to be her fiance. She took the first attractive man walking through their offices send by the modeling agency. Everything seems to be going smooth with the meeting with the winegrower until he invites Jaci and her fiance to visit the winery for the weekend and to compete against their opposition for the contract. And who is the opposition? Jaci's ex-fiance, Mark Rossouw. Just when Jaci think she's in full control she realized that her 'fiance', JP, is the very 'Jackal' who tried to sink their company. An ambitious anthology film featuring segments directed by over two dozen of the world's leading talents in contemporary genre film. Inspired by children's educational ABC books, the motion picture is comprised of 26 individual chapters, each helmed by a different director assigned a letter of the alphabet. The directors were then given free reign in choosing a word to create a story involving death. Provocative, shocking, funny and ultimately confrontational; THE ABC's OF DEATH is the definitive snapshot of the diversity of modern horror. When a couple discovers that a brass teapot makes them money whenever they hurt themselves, they must come to terms with how far they are willing to go. A father and son must team up to save Christmas when they discover Santa Claus sleeping in their garage, having crashed his sleigh and found himself on the run from the police. A British crime film directed by Guy Newall. Two mismatched cops team up to investigate the murder of a business mogul's wife. Everybody is excited to see the arrival of spring. This film tries to depict the excitement spring brings. On a flight home to Chicago for a family wedding, childhood friends Josh and Molly innocently agree to fake a wedding engagement to make Josh's dying father happy. Things quickly get out of hand with their two boisterous families, and a series of events causes them to pretend to be a couple and start planning a phony wedding. When the playacting begins to foster real feelings, the two must make some serious decisions: Split up and return to their lives in LA, or make a life as a couple back in Chicago? 'The only thing that will stop you from fulfilling your dreams is you" People have dreams, but not all of us have the guts to put faith in ourselves. Most of us lose focus and give up. We are most afraid to believe in our own dreams. Those who do are the true winners. This slice of life film is set in the backdrop of our capital city- Delhi. Mato Grosso do Sul, Brazil, the present. When a young Guarani-Kaiowa woman commits suicide, Nadio leads his community to form a protest camp on the borders of a local farm that sits on their ancestral burial ground. An adaptation of David Garrick's 1747 afterpiece, this lighthearted comedy follows Miss Biddy Bellair as she pits her suitors against eachother in order to find true love.  Tanya, a lesbian sculptor living in Seattle hasn't seen her sister for over 10 years. When Ramona suddenly appears on her doorstep suitcase in hand the reception isn't a warm one. Tanya's male roommate Bold attempts to bring them together. Through a series of 'Therapy Sessions' with Bold, they begin to open up and rediscover the value of sisterly love.   J. is depressed. E. lives peacefully. S. tries to get back with his wife. G. resorts to anxiolytics. P. plays seduction games. Maria and Sara exchange their husbands. L. calls his lover in a peculiar way. A broken family finds their relationships to one another changed by a new arrival in the household. It is the age of Imperial Rome.Young Timo is an orphan of Pompeii's terrible eruption, adopted be general Chirone and raised in the famous Gladiator's Academy in Rome. Is this the beginning of a new legend? The legend of a great hero? Not so much! Timo is not exactly gladiator material! He just wants to hang out with his friends, Ciccius and Mauritius, and avoid his stepfather's bizarre training sessions at all costs! However, when Timo meets the lovely Lucilla, he decides to change his life and bring out the valour inside himself - valour that has never shown itself before. Through spells, crazy raids in the woods and terrible trainings of a very personal lady trainer, Timo has to transform himself into the greatest gladiator of all time. And as they say, if "fortune favours the bold" in Rome ... hard times are awaiting Timo! Directed by Frank Lin this movie tells the story of a group of talented but financially struggling B-Boys that join an underground fighting ring in Downtown Los Angeles that uses Hip-Hop music and Break dancing to battle for money. To save the life of one of their friend's father, the B-Boys form a strong bond. They fight for each other, for their families and for a better future. TV reporter Natasha McGrath is sent to a remote area. Along with her small crew and a couple of campers, they encounter a man who watches, taunts and kills them one by one: repeatedly. John Daly didn't fit into the world of golf when he burst onto the scene in 1991, gripping it and ripping it all the way to the top. An immense natural talent, he's had improbable highs on golf's biggest stages and brutal lows like suspensions, divorces, rehabs and relapses. Through it all, this "rockstar of golf" has remained loved by his loyal fans. HIT IT HARD is a journey into the early years of John's tumultuous career while also observing him today, two decades after his glory days. The film explores why, despite his myriad mistakes, he's still so universally loved for being John Daly. Ashley Scott plays an executive for a company that produces pet supplies. Just after getting into a fight with her boyfriend about their relationship status, she takes up with the company's mascot and the company president's son on a road trip across America at Christmastime in an effort to get home for the holiday season. A couple going through a divorce squabble over custody of their beloved dog. Jon and Elissa dreamed of having an epic destination wedding surrounded by their best friends. But their trip to paradise turns into an outrageous drunken weekend they wish they could forget. A high school rock band on the verge of breaking up gets locked in their garage for a day. Missed Connections is a comedic romance about a guy named Neal who finds himself knee-deep in a quarter-life crisis. He is haunted by the memory of catching his best friend and girlfriend having sex with eachother. After quitting his job and suffering through the worst birthday party of his life, he tries to get over his ex by doing what anyone would do tricking women on the Internet. At the suggestion of his two real best friends, Barry and George, Neal sets up fake dates with women who have placed Missed Connections ads online. He goes on the dates but only watches from a distance as the girl waits for someone to show up. Just as the girl is about to leave, Neal comes over and tells her that he wouldn't have stood her up. Checkmate. Neals plan is going really well, until he meets Jane and then keeps meeting her. As it turns out, Jane may be just as damaged and devious as he is. Based on the best-selling psychology book by Paul Watzlawick, the film tells the story of Tiffany Blechschmid, a neurotic, moony, superstitious, contradictory and, no surprises here, single young woman in her late-twenties. It's always a good day for a funeral at St. Mark's Middle School. Andy and Charlie, two altar servers, don't just get to miss class anytime a parishioner kicks the bucket, they cut out early and play hooky as soon as the service is over. Eventually their irreverent personalities will put them in a situation that is too big for them to handle. E zoe sten Pezoula kai te Brusoula kulouse armonika. Boethaei bebaia to oti uperkhe enas toikhos anamesa sta duo khoria, khtismenos apo akre se akre, ki etsi kaneis den anakateuotan ste douleia tou allou. Otan omos erkhetai o Kallikrates na enosei ta duo khoria, erkhontai ta pano-kato! Enas megalodemosiographos pethainei, to ergostasio biologikou katharismou dikhazei, o upourgos ladonetai, oi mizes pane ki erkhontai, to SDOE anakateuetai, oi anthropoi tes nukhtas enokhlountai, atomika kai topika sumpheronta mplekontai, eno oi ekplexeis kai oi xekardistikes katastaseis diadekhontai e mia ten alle... Paul Raymond builds a porn, entertainment and real estate empire that makes him the wealthiest man in Britain, but drugs doom his beloved daughter, Debbie. This time, there's no wedding. No bachelor party. What could go wrong, right? But when the Wolfpack hits the road, all bets are off. Julian Torralba is a former movie stuntman in Almeria, Spain. He and several of his colleagues, who once made a living in American Westerns shot in Spain, now are reduced to doing stunt shows for minuscule audiences on the decaying set built for those old Westerns. Julian wrestles with dark memories of the death of his son, also a stuntman, and with estrangement from his daughter-in-law Laura and her son Carlos. Carlos, a young boy, becomes intrigued with his late father's life and runs away to join Julian and his band of has-beens. There Carlos is initiated into the rambunctious life of these hard-drinking faux cowboys. But when Laura, a powerful executive looking for a new site for a tourist resort, learns that Carlos has joined the hated Julian, she moves to destroy even this remnant of Julian's once-proud career. Julian and the cowboys decide to fight back the only way they know how.  An experimental film that lifts the veil on the world of African American drag racing. Hardcore gangsta Isaiah Knight decides to leave his gang, The Platinum Playaz, to go straight and look after his mother and sister. When he opens up his own nightclub, the members of his former crew see it as the perfect place to make a big drug score. Desperate to stay legit, Knight scuppers the drug deal, invoking the wrath of Lynch, the new leader of the Playaz, who decides to take revenge by ambushing Knight. Knight's mother and sister are killed during the hit and when Lynch escapes prosecution for the killings, Knight decides to exact his own form of bloody justice. Juan's life changes when he is fired from his job due to downsizing. The plight attached to family tension lead him to decide to leave their country to seek a better future in Barcelona. A small village on an island called Bura, is looking for the 100th citizen so that the village may become a town. The head of the village will do anything to get what he wants... Shahid Khan is exiled after impersonating the legendary Sultana Daku in order to rob British trains. Now outcast, Shahid becomes a worker at Ramadhir Singh's colliery, only to spur a revenge battle that passes on to generations. At the turn of the decade, Shahid's son, the philandering Sardar Khan vows to get his father's honor back, becoming the most feared man of Wasseypur.  New Yorkers on the cusp of thirty strive to balance their fading dreams with the growing responsibilities of life, love, and career. A fateful day pushes an aimless college dropout (Tom Schilling) to stop wasting his time and finally engage with life. Four low-ranking astronauts are stuck together on an orbital Sanitation Station after they bring a mysterious device aboard their ship and all life on Earth disappears. Little do they know they are about to come under attack by a mutating rubber duck named Gary, who wants to open a portal to his evil dimension and take over the Universe. Following two Water Australia employees who travel out along the Nullarbor Plain only to discover they are being hunted by the mythological creature, the Nullarbor Nymph. A terrorist attempts to plant a plush toy Ganesh containing a bomb in a temple, but it is stolen by a stubborn child and a race against time begins as the toy passes from hand to hand, ready to explode. A dark, twisted retelling of "Dante's Inferno," done in the torture-porn style of "Hostel" and "High Tension." To escape her abusive foster home, headstrong 18-year-old Danielle Hitches a Ride with an affable psycho who calls himself Virgil and has an axe to grind against women based on his warped religious beliefs. She realizes she hasn't quite found her knight in shining armor when she awakens half-naked, chained to a post in Virgil's basement. As Virgil, puts Danielle through a sadistic "moral cleansing" of debauched torture sessions that could kill her at any moment, she must choose either to fight back or to become as inhuman and deranged as Virgil himself. What Virgil doesn't know is that Danielle may be more than up to the challenge of his psychotic head games.  A chauffeur kidnaps his rich boss's dog to hold it for ransom, but when she accidentally gets the dog back, she thinks that it's the chauffeur who's been kidnapped. When Jay and Annie first got together, their romantic connection was intense - but ten years and two kids later, the flame of their love needs a spark.  To kick things up a notch, they decide - why not? - to make a video of themselves trying out every position in The Joy of Sex in one marathon three-hour session.  It seems like a great idea - until they discover that their most private video is no longer private.  With their reputations on the line, they know they're just one click away from being laid bare to the world... but as their race to reclaim their video leads to a night they'll never forget, they'll find that their video will expose even more than they bargained for. Big Earl, the owner of a Christmas tree lot in Compton, California runs into some trouble when his son Derrick crosses the line to prove to his father that he is a success. Two ill-prepared slacker buddies head into the wilderness hoping their documented exploits catch the eye of their reality television survival idol, Bear. They should have left their girlfriends at home. Ogden Confer is a community college student living with his parents and dealing with the recent loss of his best pal, Rose, when he foils the suicide effort of a mysterious young lady, Beth, who proceeds to make him pay for not minding his own business. The world top bodyguard gets a new client, a hit man who must testify at the International Court of Justice. They must put their differences aside and work together to make it to the trial on time. Real estate agent John Dante has a problem. He's stuck with a house he can't sell. Despite his best efforts, he can't seem to overcome the house's past and the macabre tales that precede it in this haunting anthology. In the first story, THE MORNING AFTER, a group of friends wake up from the party of a lifetime to find a nightmare in the form of the worst bug invasion any homeowner has ever seen. Then there's Freddie Cooper and his band, FREDDIE AND THE GOBLINS; a tale of how Freddie's band mates try to kick him out and get caught up in the young singer's growing psychosis. With his hopes of selling the house fading, John is horrified to hear the story of Robbie, a young veteran of the war in Iraq, who returns home to live with his father Brad in FATHER LAND. Something isn't right, though, as Robbie's dark secret slowly bubbles to the surface. As the house's dark past comes to life, John becomes weary and is convinced the house is cursed and unsellable. Comedy about a family of Gran Canaria island that shown in a "situation totally on edge" and reflects the way to be the canaries, as its author. A documentary that records the darkly humorous sequence of events leading up to a seance to manifest Big Edith Bouvier Beale and Little Edie Bouvier Beale so they can attend a celebration of the 35th anniversary of the original Maysles Grey Gardens film. Based on the fascinating archives and life of Lois Wright, artist and mystical Hamptons member of the original Beale ensemble who lived at Grey Gardens for 13 months and was an intimate friend of Big and Little Edie. Discloses never before seen photos and information and parodies Hamptons-style parties with ghost list invites to celebs such as Frank Sinatra and John Gotti.  A young French martial arts expert who was born and raised in America to Mexican parents has to go to a "very illegal and underground tournament" in China that everyone knows about, in order to avenge the honor of his not dead master. John Smith has been happily involved in a bigamous marriage for five years. He lives with Stephanie in Finsbury and Michelle in Stockwell. Fortunately, for John, he's a taxi driver which involves varying shift work! Simple? Well, when John unwittingly becomes a have-a-go hero and the Finsbury and Stockwell police forces discover something suspicious in their paperwork, John's happy bubble is about to be burst. The action of the movie takes place during the next hectic 24 hours as John, with the assistance of his gullible neighbor Gary, rush between North and South London attempting to thwart the police and prevent the two loving wives coming face to face! After breaking up with her boyfriend, a bookstore manager resists a seemingly perfect guy's attempts to woo her. Terrified at the prospect of losing his seriously ill wife, a man plans a bank robbery to pay for her medical treatments with help from his eccentric friends - while his son, a cop, tries to stop him. Upon learning that their mother has been lying to them for years about their allegedly deceased father, two fraternal twin brothers hit the road in order to find him. Beso is 14 years old kid from remote village of Georgia, he is growing up in a family of disabled father, mother who is family bread maker, a homosexual brother who gives private dance lessons to make money. Beso and his friend Beka spend their time like most kids. Beso writes rap and records himself on a tape recorder, he sees his rapping as a way out from his harsh life. John - conscientious and romantic - and Michael - thoughtless and unfaithful - are surgeons at their father's private hospital. John felt madly in love with Priscilla, a wonderful nurse. But he is betrayed by Michael who decides to marry her. Shattered by his loss, John moves to Canada. But Michael's new project to dedicate the clinic to plastic surgery leads them to bankruptcy, forcing John to come back in the hope of saving the clinic... The main protagonists of the film are members of the gypsy family Mirga. Lutvija Belmondo Mirga narrates a story about four generations. Belmondo is the central character of the film, a gypsy king, who decided to establish his own gypsy village. He names it Shanghai. Belmondo makes a living smuggling and his power and influence grow big. He even gets the local police and politics on his side and that helps him to become untouchable for law. But with the downfall of Yugoslavia, smuggling of goods is replaced by smuggling of the arms. Though lucrative the business starts to threaten Belmondo's personal life and he finds himself at the crossroads. Will he protect his own family or is he going to sacrifice his personal happiness for business ambitions? Shut inside their cars, two women face off in a silent duel that is fought out in the intimate violence of their stares. A wholly female duel punctuated by the refusal to drink, eat and sleep; more obstinate than the sun of Palermo and more stubborn than the ferocity of the men who surround them. For, as in every duel, it is a question of life or death... It's a Sunday afternoon. The sirocco is blowing pitilessly in Palermo when Rosa and Clara lose their way in the streets of the city and end up in a sort of alley: Via Castellana Bandiera. At the same moment, another car driven by Samira, crammed with members of the Calafiore family, arrives from the opposite direction and enters the same street. From Director Brandon Ho &amp; Writer Joseph Reidhead comes the Romantic Comedy "Missed Connections" a story about love, identity, the universe, and well, sandwiches.  Marc Reid (Kevin O'Keefe), a discouraged romance novelist, is setup on a blind date with girl named Melissa by his over excited sister Julia (Sarah Kent). Marc, a little less than enthusiastic, ends up picking up Jessie (Tatum Langton) instead of Melissa from the apartment complex. As the night unfolds Jessie and Marc meet up with old friends Gary (Bryce Chamberlain) and Mary (Renny Grames) and make a couple of new friends along the way.  Things are complicated by Jessie's boyfriend Trent (Lawrence Fernandez). But will Jessie and Marc be able to find love? Can Jessie help Marc rediscover romance and his passion of writing or are they cursed to simply be another missed connection? An aging comic icon, Jackie Burke, has seen better days. Despite his efforts to reinvent himself and his comic genius, the audience only wants to know him as the former television character he once played. Already a strain on his younger brother and his wife, Jackie is forced to serve out a sentence doing community service for accosting an audience member. While there, he meets Harmony, the daughter of a sleazy Florida real estate mogul, and the two find inspiration in one another, resulting in surprising consequences. A young man goes to ask a young lady on a date, but he runs into something unexpected. A manic-depressive mess of a father tries to win back his wife by attempting to take full responsibility of their two young, spirited daughters, who don't make the overwhelming task any easier. An American journalist travels to India to cover Bollywood weddings, only to uncover a mosaic of cultural clashes, transgender tangles and lost loves with her travels culminating at a destination where the only journey is the one within. When their dad dies unexpectedly, estranged siblings Russell, Jane and their adopted brother, Alex, come home to tend to his remains. The three must overcome their differences to achieve a proper goodbye and discover what it means to be a family without their dad. Levi Collins is set to go to the local University on a tennis scholarship, but he forgot to tell his parents one thing - he didn't graduate. As a result, he must take summer school before his mom and dad discover he's failed senior science. At school, Levi falls in love with his classmate, Katie, and learns that he has to make a choice between playing tennis and receiving a proper education. General Education is a quirky comedy about a family learning to grow together.  A group of men are searching for something in the desert. Only one of them knows what they seek. The one they call the Master. Searching in the desert is a dangerous activity. In addition to the dry, bleak landscape and the unrelenting heat of the sun, the one they call the Baptist haunts the dunes. A fool who fell from believer to murderer, the Baptist is enlightened in the ways of both. The men are unsure if they are searching for god or for death.. or if both of these things are the same. The poignant story of nine-year old Eve, a street savvy orphan, who crosses paths with Dave, a man-child, accidentally on the run from the law. Dave embarks on a mission to help Eve reunite with her older brother, and consequently clear his name along the way. When the staff inside a renovated film studio finds a co-worker dead one morning, the pieces of a forty year puzzle add up to an angry ghost who has let the last person step inside her house. But will they ever get out alive? It's Hollywood, 1958. Small town beauty queen and devout Baptist virgin Marla Mabrey, under contract to the infamous Howard Hughes, arrives in Los Angeles. At the airport, she meets her driver Frank Forbes, who is engaged to be married to his seventh grade sweetheart and is a deeply religious Methodist. Their instant attraction not only puts their religious convictions to the test, but also defies Hughes' number one rule: No employee is allowed to have any relationship whatsoever with a contract actress. Hughes' behavior intersects with Marla and Frank in very separate and unexpected ways, and as they are drawn deeper into his bizarre world, their values are challenged and their lives are changed. Pompous and self-absorbed Kyle, is unhappily stuck in his life, longing to relive the success of his first novel. His not-so-desirable life rapidly unravels forcing him to return home to his wildly eccentric family with his tail between his legs.  Life at home begins to show signs of improvement when Kyle meets the spunky, vivacious girl across the street who recruits Kyle to help her make the world a better place, making him feel alive for the first time in ages and inspiring his writing. But its short-lived. Joys been told shes going to die soon and wants Kyle to write her obituary. When Jim proposes to his girlfriend, Bridget, things go bad fast. When a college student (Annalisa Kyler) dissappears along the road, her friends quickly form a search party to find the lost woman. Unfortunately, these college slackers (Martin Seijo, Lauren Brown & Kayte Giralt) are in way over their heads. Also trying to piece this mystery together is the local Sheriff (Allan Medina) and the coroner (Ed Donovan). Womanizing jerk Bruce (Michael Thomas Dunn) and tomboy Vanessa (Carrie Grafton) decide to tag along for the wild ride. When Jim proposes to his girlfriend, Bridget, things go bad fast. "Luxury, luxury, luxury... and not to be so alone." Vanessa wants to spend her holiday at a comfortable resort. However, due to a booking error at the travel agents, Vanessa ends up on a barren desert island. The next ship doesn't arrive for another week, so until then she has to cope with oddball lighthouse keeper Stanislav, and the highly unconventional and nonchalant Sebastian, who also has a right to the only shabby guest room. There's no escape from this island - and the three gradually get to know each other over schnapps and pie. When a further guest arrives in the form of dubious businessman Felix and a body turns up in Stanislav's cellar, the insular resort becomes the backdrop for a grotesque fight for life. In his debut feature, Matthias J. Michel cleverly repels various genre and character cliches to create an exceptional black comedy. Rex is an old man who is bitter about never becoming famous and having lived a life without any meaning. After suffering a stroke, he ends up in a nursing home staffed by Latin American immigrants. Put off by the situation, he focuses his energy on getting out, which places him at odds with the Latino workers. However, their relationship takes on new meaning when it is discovered that he once shook hands with Vicente Fernandez, a Mexican singer, producer and actor idolized throughout Latin culture. The employees soon begin to treat Rex like the celebrity he's always dreamed of being. Two half-brothers from opposite walks of life, who've never met, are brought together by the imminent death of their father, and thrust into an adventure that is destined to change both their lives forever. Dumbbells is a light-hearted buddy comedy set amongst a group of misfit employees that work in a struggling fitness center in Los Angeles. An emotional misfit named Molly believes she's found love in a drunken one-night stand with a gay-marriage lesbian activist named Mercedes. But once sober, Mercedes discovers she cannot escape the clingy and desperate Molly. As she's about to call upon all of her legal options to rid herself of Molly, Mercedes learns that Molly's father is actually an influential state senator opposed to gay marriage. Seeing this as a golden opportunity, Mercedes convinces Molly to pretend that they are an engaged lesbian couple, though Molly's not at all gay, as a way to drive a stake into the senator's politics. But as Mercedes gets to know Molly's family, she begins to understand who Molly is and why they surprisingly share so much in common. BREAK UP MAN is an odd couple road movie and tells the story of Henri, who works for a break up agency in Berlin and on behalf of those who want to separate themselves from their future "ex"-partners. To complete his most important mission he is confronted with an unwanted partner, Toto, who spoils more or less everything and makes Henri's life a nightmare. A trio of friends scheme to find a wife for their socially inappropriate friend Barry, and end up finding a girl just like him. New animation featuring the Olsen Gang, the legendary trio of small-time crooks with big money dreams. John Cleese, Michael Palin, Terry Jones and Terry Gilliam pay tribute to their late Monty Python colleague Graham Chapman in this hilarious, 3-D animated adaptation of Chapman's brazenly fictionalized life story. (TIFF) The only "normal" guy at a paranormal talk radio station quits his dream profession and takes a higher paying, but soul crushing job, to pay for his oddball nephew's college tuition. An epic journey into the world of dinosaurs where an Apatosaurus named Arlo makes an unlikely human friend. Bruce Brown's The Endless Summer is one of the first and most influential surf movies of all time. The film documents American surfers Mike Hynson and Robert August as they travel the world during California's winter (which, back in 1965 was off-season for surfing) in search of the perfect wave and ultimately, an endless summer. Daniel Lugo, manager of the Sun Gym in 1990s Miami, decides that there is only one way to achieve his version of the American dream: extortion. To achieve his goal, he recruits musclemen Paul and Adrian as accomplices. After several failed attempts, they abduct rich businessman Victor Kershaw and convince him to sign over all his assets to them. But when Kershaw makes it out alive, authorities are reluctant to believe his story. A "putzel" is a "little putz" and for Walter Himmelstein (an endearing Jack Carpenter), being known by that nickname does not exactly bode well for an exciting life amongst the go-getters of New York City. But that is quite okay with young Walter -- he is a homebody, perfectly content to remain within the familiar confines of his mundane life on Manhattan's Upper West Side, seeing in his Uncle Sid's (John Pankow) smoked-fish emporium a comfortable future among the salmon. Until, that is, his married uncle takes up with the vivacious Sally (Melanie Lynskey), throwing Walter's succession plans into disarray...  East is East writer Ayub Khan-Din returns with another funny, tender-hearted portrait of family strife. Based on his popular play Rafta, Rafta (itself inspired by Bill Naughtons 1960s classic All in Good Time), the film is set in Bolton where Atul and Vina are celebrating their marriage. However, a honeymoon spent with his parents was not part of their plans. Thoughtless patriarch Eeshwar seems determined to emasculate and embarrass his son. As the weeks pass, consummating their union becomes an impossibility that threatens the couples entire future. A breezy mixture of heartbreak and hilarity, All in Good Time also offers peerless performances from original stage stars Harish Patel and Meera Syal. A long-lost music producer finds a singer-songwriter right about the moment he has given up all hope on life. Independent film with music by Psychic tv.  Features a cameo by Derek Jarman Housefull 2 is an upcoming Bollywood action comedy film directed by Sajid Khan and produced by Sajid Nadiadwala. It is the sequel to the 2010 Bollywood commercially successful movie Housefull In order to forget the death of Paul, the man of her life, Korine leaves Paris for a few weeks, to direct a report in Mongolia. Her meeting with the shaman Oyun will change her life: Korine has a rare gift that Oyun intends to unveil. Korine will agree to start a journey of discovery, which will lead her to discover a new culture, ancestral and forgotten ways, but most importantly herself. A 12-year-old cartographer secretly leaves his family's ranch in Montana where he lives with his cowboy father and scientist mother and travels across the country on board a freight train to receive an award at the Smithsonian Institute. College student Beca knows she does not want to be part of a clique, but that's exactly where she finds herself after arriving at her new school. Thrust in among mean gals, nice gals and just plain weird gals, Beca finds that the only thing they have in common is how well they sing together. She takes the women of the group out of their comfort zone of traditional arrangements and into a world of amazing harmonic combinations in a fight to the top of college music competitions. Two good friends from childhood, Inaki and Matthew shared his love of mountaineering and adventure. Not exactly soul mates, but when both are in the mountains, become the best partners and allies, without a single situation that can not be overcome, or that peak overlap. Time passes and each follows his life on his own. After a long time without maintaining contact are a night at a drinks. After a night of conversation and alcohol make a decision: top cap a three thousand meter always wanted to achieve. A wandering neo-vaudvillian becomes smitten with his motel neighbor, a slightly stubborn young woman who is on her way to the state capitol with a unique agenda. A documentary that introduces the unknown tradition of Colombians having sex and falling in love with donkeys. It starts off as a rite of passage ritual that fathers initiate with their sons and is carried on into their adulthood where men often end-up cheating on their wives with donkeys. Colombians believe that boys should practice having sex with donkeys to prepare themselves for women, that it makes their penises bigger and also that it prevents them from becoming homosexuals. This cultural practice is so widely accepted in Colombia that musicians have written songs about it, an author has written a book about it and there is even a festival that celebrates it. A powerful international army assigns a regiment the task of guarding a mysterious man, held in a maximum security prison in the middle of the desert. Soldier Salome, daughter of Commander Antipas, becomes obsessed with him... Eros and Thanatos together reminding us that truth is based on beauty and love. A twisted horror about a dinner party gone wrong. Set against an 80s backdrop, the good time takes a dark turn when one in the group hijacks the evening in an attempt to help the others come clean about their secret betrayals against one another-and is willing to cut through the bone in order to expose the truth. Alienated teen Pauline struggles with the pressures of fitting into high school, pleasing her mother and a burning desire to lose her virginity. With a grotesque curiosity for the darker side of life, Pauline is considered a social outcast by everyone around her. Enticed by flesh, she retreats into her own fantasies and hopes to become a great surgeon - that is, if she doesn't go insane first. Sean O'Malley, a struggling Irish musician, writes an album for the love of his life in an attempt to redeem himself, with the help and hindrance of his misfit band mates. A superhero loses his powers shortly after turning forty and must adjust to his new life. Obsessed with the BBC production of "Pride and Prejudice", a woman travels to a Jane Austen theme park in search for her perfect gentleman. Greek gods living in modern-day New York intervene in the lives of a young couple. Red, Chuck, Bomb and the rest of their feathered friends are surprised when a green pig suggests that they put aside their differences and unite to fight a common threat. Aggressive birds from an island covered in ice are planning to use an elaborate weapon to destroy the fowl and swine. After the disastrous food storm in the first film, Flint and his friends are forced to leave the town. Flint accepts the invitation from his idol Chester V to join The Live Corp Company, which has been tasked to clean the island, and where the best inventors in the world create technologies for the betterment of mankind. When Flint discovers that his machine still operates and now creates mutant food beasts like living pickles, hungry tacodiles, shrimpanzees and apple pie-thons, he and his friends must return to save the world. Akash nd Ishkq meet on a train from Rome to Paris and spend a romantic evening in the city. A small suburban town receives a visit from a castaway unfinished science experiment named Edward. Mockumentary family adventure taking its cue from the YouTube viral video sensation. An Australian zoologist travels to China to find the baby panda - whose sneeze has been watched over 250 million times - in the hope that the star attraction will revitalise her ailing zoo. A guy puts his unwitting bride-to-be through a series of increasingly bizarre "stress tests" to see if she's worthy of marriage. Successful woman in love tries to break her family curse of every first marriage ending in divorce, by dashing to the alter with a random stranger before marrying her boyfriend. It was a bachelor's life for hard-working and fun-loving Ray Ray Dominguez (Joey Dedio) who dreamt of leaving the barrio for a more carefree existence in Miami. That's until one day when everything changed - and he became a reluctant "Tio Papi" aka Uncle Daddy to his sister's six children ages 6 to 16. Now, in charge of raising this energetic (and expensive) clan, Ray Ray must make important decisions on what life really is all about. Combining heart-warming drama with light-hearted comedy, TIO PAPI, directed by Fro Rojas from the original screenplay by Joey Dedio and Brian Herskowitz, is an upbeat story of life's unexpected surprises and ultimately what matters the most - the love of family. Phillip is a wealthy quadriplegic who needs a caretaker to help him with his day-to-day routine in his New York penthouse. He decides to hire Dell, a struggling parolee who's trying to reconnect with his ex and his young son. Despite coming from two different worlds, an unlikely friendship starts to blossom. When a neighborhood development is built over a former CIA hidden underground base that was destroyed 30 years earlier, but what no one knew there is a life form that was imprisoned and forgotten about,a life form from another planet,it was placed there to keep it from contacting its home planet and was awakened during construction, it was assumed dead years ago when the self destruct was activated and the base was destroyed.this should take place in New Mexico,when the base was remote,but now developers have managed to purchase the land because of all the building going on and anyone who knew about the base is dead or very old,....there's more but you have to wait till next time no this is not an area 51 story use Arizona or Yuma.this not a crashed ship story,and the base has a huge underground warehouse in the middle of the desert. Singer/songwriter and single mother Theresa McDermott has finally hit the end of the line in NYC. Unable to make ends meet, she is forced to pack up her life and her 3 girls and move back to the small town and parents she ran from a decade ago. Teresa needs a job, her parents need their space and a family tragedy that was never dealt with from years past needs closure. Old wounds, unattainable dreams and a few other things expose themselves as a fractured family works to become whole and a single mom, a responsible mother. A love letter to Hollywood and Broadway musicals of the past. While participation in a scientific experiment, a young woman falls through a wormhole and winds up in Wonderland! This is not the Wonderland you remember, but a brand new world where all fairy tales exist and they are finally all grown up! On her journey to find her way back home, Emmanuelle encounters The Mad Hatter, Goldilocks, The Big Bad Wolf, Dorothy, The Scarecrow, Humpty Dumpty, Jack and Jill, Snow White, The Frog Prince, The Evil Queen and many more! What follows is the most outrageous, sexy musical comedy of the year featuring 12 original songs! It's naked 'Glee' meets Disney on acid! For children of all ages... Over 18! Documentary following the friendship and rivalry between two teams in a Texas roller derby league. In 2035, where robots are common-place and abide by the three laws of robotics, a techno-phobic cop investigates an apparent suicide. Suspecting that a robot may be responsible for the death, his investigation leads him to believe that humanity may be in danger. Bert and Arnie's Guide to Friendship follows the romantic misadventures of Bert Sheering, a sophisticated, yet sexually repressed author and Arnie Hubert, an executive and unabashed ladies man. When Bert discovers that Arnie is sleeping with his wife, this modern day odd couple are launched into a journey filled with comedy, romance and ultimately, friendship. Written by Sal Irizarry Karen can't believe that she has to work her receptionist gig on a gorgeous Fourth of July. Then a call comes from her long-lost father and sets in motion a crazy chain of events that will change one small town forever. Meanwhile, Megan must decide between the stability of her longtime girlfriend and the thrill of a new love. Young Ray fends off bullies and organized sports to woo the girl he likes. In a little burg like this, you'd better believe everything is connected, which means that pretty soon everyone is mixed up in each other's business. A French waiter living in New York City witnesses a murder and must go on the run from the police and the mob. A documentary filmmaker turns his lens on an enigmatic conspiracy theorist who claims he's found the entrance to a vast underground city populated entirely by monsters. Dust Up is a kick ass action comedy served up by Ward Roberts and starring Amber Benson that will make you laugh, gasp and punch the person you're sitting ... It's Halloween and Barney and his friends are decorating the gym for an exciting party at the school. From Indian corn to smiling jack-o-lanterns, the gym is aglow with the colors of fall. Meanwhile, BJ and Baby Bop are putting the final touches on their costumes as they get ready for a fun-filled night of trick-or-treating. What's college without beer, babes, and vampires?!? Campus life (or lack thereof) is about to take on a whole new meaning when the University, and potentially the rest of the world, finds itself in danger from an army of the undead. The bread-winning daughter in a middle-class family fails to return from work one evening. The saga begins with worries at home, followed by midnight searches and finally a deepening crisis arising out of economic and moral constraints prevalent in the society. Yet the film speaks of hope and of strength hidden behind despair. There's nothing to keep Yvan in Paris any longer. His wife has left him to live in Thailand. His teenage daughters have chosen to live with his sister Ariane, who is as anxious as she is admirable. Yvan is ready to leave... when beautiful Emmanuelle enters his life. She makes babies as easily as she falls in love, and she's accompanied by Leo, the little boy who Yvan's wife had with another man. Yvan is going to have to change his plans. After turning 40, filmmaker Anna confronts her future. She has no job and it's been ten years since her last girlfriend. No goals, plans or any idea of what she wants. And she's living in a garage. Just when she's about to give up, she meets Katia, who inspires her to set out on a new path of creativity. By following ten simple rules,  20-somethings Vince and Cameron spice up their relationship by sleeping around. But when their straitlaced friends get engaged, their relationship gets turned upside down. To put the rules to the test, they will go on the road to the Hamptons to crash the biggest party of the year where love triangles collide and off-the-wall mayhem ensues. A dropout comes to the aid of a chubby and suicidal high-school kid by recruiting him as the drummer for his upstart punk-rock band. Four couples meet for Sunday brunch only to discover they are stuck in a house together as the world may be about to end. Identical twins separated at birth: One a prominent psychiatrist; the other a life long mental patient. When the doctor gets called to his brother's institution, fate intervenes and the brothers swap places. Laborer Craig Lideman is as macho as the next guy but isn't afraid to don high heels and makeup when he fails to find work in his field. Becoming a Marlene Dietrich impersonator, he struggles to reconcile his two worlds in this cross-dressing comedy. A group of travelers descends on The Park to witness one last Firefall. They come from different backgrounds and walks of life, but their paths will crash together in hilarious ways, as a film crew document (Mockuments) their crazy antics. The characters comprised of: Scottish "Free" Climbers, a disgraced outdoor survival television host and his nephew, a former welter-weight bodybuilding champion who's let himself go, a dysfunctional family in denial, Park Rangers, a hiding hippie who has been living in The Park for years, and a Mutant Bear will experience amazing, terrifying and hilarious situations as they discover their true character and values on their way to the final Firefall. When Neurotic, struggling songwriter, Catherine Brown's life in New York City falls apart, she is forced to confront her past when she spends the summer at her childhood home in Woodstock. Two mates discuss the hardships of their lives over a bad cup of coffee, oblivious to the beauty and sadness surrounding them. College "frenemies" Lauren and Katie move in together after losing a relationship and rent control, respectively. Sharing Katie's late grandmother's apartment in New York City, the girls bicker with each other until one fateful night, when Katie's noisy bedroom activities make Lauren barge in and discover a dirty little secret. This revelation brings them closer together, and Lauren (the brains) and Katie (the talent) concoct a wildly successful business venture. As profits swell, the girls reevaluate their hopes and dreams and realize that just because someone pees in your hair in college doesn't mean she won't be your best friend 10 years later. Memphis film student, Evan Shandling, decides that his senior film should be about how the economy has effected local businesses. So with that in mind, Evan packs up his camera and heads south into North Mississippi to document one of the hardest hit and most dangerous jobs around, vampire removal. Embedding himself with the small vampire removal company, At Stake: Vampire Solutions (AS:VS), Evan documents, interview and goes on calls with AS:VS workers as they struggle to keep their business afloat and make it to the next day alive. Willy Vander Brook, a world with Franco-Belgian roots, travels to Paris for an interview. He is welcomed by his childhood friend Serge, an ex pub operator, and his roommate Frank, a fierce supporter of the Walloon independence. When Willy discovers that his candidacy is not accepted because he is Belgian, he and his compatriots decide to take revenge Jessie deals with a bad breakup, by purchasing a sheet of acid to share with his friends back home in Missouri. He hopes this will erase the bad memory of his college girlfriend, delivering the heartbreaking news to him, during sex. Departing New Orleans, Jessie detours onto Route 61, seeking a change of routine from the monotony of the Interstate. Unexpectedly, his engine fails at a forgotten trailer park in Cleveland, Mississippi. Fearful he's about to be harmed by bikers, Jessie exchanges hits of L.S.D. for safe passage home. During the ebb and flow of the day, Jessie experiences the extraordinary in the pedestrian, whilst resurrecting the lives of many. Inspired by a true misadventure. This is the story of two male prostitutes who want to become professional actors and how they struggle to get into show business. A documentary that goes behind the scenes of the movie Illegal Aliens, and a filmmaker's journey from obscurity to moral blindness in the seductive glare of the media spotlight. Meet Maggie. Meet Stephen. Two love lorn twenty-somethings who find each other on a popular Internet dating site. Does it matter that Stephen works for the site that brought the two of them together? Or that he knowingly manipulates the site to create a perfect match? As you can guess, it gets complicated. PerfectMatch is a quirky 21st century romantic comedy that realizes that as our technology evolves, the ease with which we find our soulmate does not. Sonni Griffith, a top US Secret Agent must protect a witness as he crosses Europe. A withdrawn young man, Leland Fitzgerald is imprisoned for the murder of a mentally disabled boy, who also happened to be the brother of his girlfriend, Becky. As the community struggles to deal with the killing, Pearl Madison, a teacher at the prison, decides to write about Leland's case. Meanwhile, others affected by the murder, including Becky and her sister, Julie, must contend with their own problems. A couple with a newborn baby face unexpected difficulties after they are forced to live next to a fraternity house. Based on the true story of two young men, David Packouz and Efraim Diveroli, who won a $300 million contract from the Pentagon to arm America's allies in Afghanistan. BearCity is a hirsute "Sex and the City," following the funny, romantic, and occasionally dramatic adventures of a group of bears and cubs in New York City. The sequel, BearCity 2 follows our familiar characters and a few new ones as they head to Provincetown, MA for Bear Week! Jesse has to get out of Las Vegas quickly, and steals a car to drive to L.A. On the way he shoots a police man. When he makes it to L.A. he stays with Monica, a girl he has only known for a few days. As the film progresses, the police get closer to him, and the crimes escalate.  Three down-on-their-luck, twenty-something female roommates are living paycheck to paycheck in a rundown apartment, when one night they stumble across $3 million dollars in a suitcase amidst the bloody aftermath of a drug shootout. Despite wanting to keep the money and smuggle it out of the country, the girls are forced into a final showdown and must face off against seasoned criminals who want the cash for themselves. The demonic force lurking in Amityville for over 300 years escapes to a remote California mansion. It encounters a struggling family living together by uncertain means. The beast manipulates a little girl by manifesting itself in the form of her dead father. Soon it will be able to possess her completely... is it too late for a young priest to defeat the demon and end the curse? Jack is a children's author turned crime novelist whose detailed research into the lives of Victorian serial killers has turned him into a paranoid wreck, persecuted by the irrational fear of being murdered. When Jack is thrown a life-line by his long-suffering agent and a mysterious Hollywood executive takes a sudden and inexplicable interest in his script, what should be his big break rapidly turns into his big breakdown, as Jack is forced to confront his worst demons; among them his love life, his laundry and the origin of all fear. Documentary giving an extensive look into the design and development of the creatures created for artist Takashi Murakami's first feature film, Jellyfish Eyes. 'Divorce Invitation' centers on Mike Christian, a happily married man who runs into his high school sweetheart Alex, and after all these years, sparks still fly. When Mike is determined Alex is his true soul mate, he realizes he has a huge problem-he signed an iron-clad pre-nuptial agreement and his wife will not let him out of the marriage Created under a "manifesto" whose directives would make Lars von Trier shudder, this three-part film might look on paper like an exercise in forced hipness. Fortunately, its directors - Harmony Korine (USA), Alexsei Fedorchenko (Russia) and Jan Kwiecinski (Poland) - prove innovative and just insane enough to make The Fourth Dimension an exhilarating experiment. Following his ruin in the latest banking crisis, a self-made millionaire reluctantly re-unites with his estranged freewheeling brother to re-open the abandoned fish and chip shop they shared in their youth. Set over the course of a weekend tournament for chess software programmers thirty-some years ago, COMPUTER CHESS transports viewers to a nostalgic moment when the contest between technology and the human spirit seemed a little more up for grabs. We get to know the eccentric geniuses possessed with the vision to teach a metal box to defeat man, literally, at his own game, laying the groundwork for artificial intelligence as we know it and will come to know it in the future.  An ageing punk-with-a-dog and his brother the conformist decide to get their revenge on a shopping mall.  Directing duo Benoit Delepine and Gustave Kervern, longstanding comic crusaders against capitalism, again set out to surprise and shock the bourgeois audience. Allora is a 30 year old successful Public Relations Agent who is increasingly becoming disenfranchised with her fledgling love-life. Encouraged by her very liberated friends Roxanna and Justin, she contemplates looking for love online. Sparks fly and the adventure begins as she embarks on a series of speed dates that lead her to very peculiar encounters. An offbeat look at four Crescent City layabouts, who dream big in a 'small change' world of cards, women and endless cups of coffee. Their passionate blundering, like their rants, can be at once funny, poignant, ridiculous and heartbreaking. Ditch, their self appointed king, is an irascible son-of-a-bitch with a Napoleon complex, and his pals love him for it. Until one day he pushes the self-tenured Professor too far. A game of threats, posturing and sexual ploys lead them down a dark but comic road in this exploration of what it is to be a man today. Filmed in black and white, this richly textured character study could be the bastard child of Woody Allen and Tom Waits, brought to life by an ensemble of real-life character actors who have known each other and worked together for over twenty- five years. A recently single man finds solace in his upstairs neighbors' seemingly perfect relationship - until he suspects one of them is cheating. Why won't Disco die? Might it contain hidden depths? Politically correct revisionists are trying to recast disco as a misunderstood culture of protest. Through interviews with Gloria Gaynor, The Village People, Kool and the Gang and others, along with a goldmine of stock footage and speculative reenactments, The Secret Disco Revolution presents a comic-ironic investigation into disco and its mysterious longevity. After a group of Irish mobsters in Hell's Kitchen are sentenced to jail, their wives take their place--and do as good of a job, if not better. The adventures of two California Highway Patrol motorcycle officers as they make their rounds on the freeways of Los Angeles. Ducobu goes on holiday in the south of France.  As Poland is placed under martial law in 1981, two confidence tricksters try to evade both the police and the army. They become embroiled in a web of schemes engineered by the secret service, fellow criminals and the democratic resistance. Mirai Suzuki (Yuko Oshima) becomes responsible for her mother's debt which is owed to loan shark Kaoru Ushijima (Takayuki Yamada). To begin paying off her mother's debt, Mirai begins working at a dating cafe. Meanwhile, Jun (Kento Hayashi) is the ambitious and greedy company president for an event group. To borrow money, Jun visits Kaukau Finance owned by Kaoru Ushijima. An aimless bachelor loses his job and finds himself chasing the same girl (his new life coach) that his manipulative ex-boss is after as well. The boys are spurred on by a rag tag group of retirees in need of some action. IRIS, an eccentric, altruistic woman, comes to live with a self-absorbed, compulsive, snobby roommate, NATALIE, who is her complete opposite. Iris's hilarious antics and Christ-like sacrificial love, totally transform everyone she meets. In California, an old man grieves the loss of his wife and on the next day he also dies. However, the space soldier Eros and her mate Tanna use an electric device to resurrect them both and the strong Inspector Clay that was murdered by the couple. Their intention is not to conquest Earth but to stop mankind from developing the powerful bomb "Solobonite" that would threaten the universe. When the population of Hollywood and Washington DC sees flying saucers on the sky, a colonel, a police lieutenant, a commercial pilot, his wife and a policeman try to stop the aliens. Accompanied by voice-over extracts from Prose du Transsiberien et de la petite Jeanne de France by Blaise Cendrars, Prose of the Trans-Siberian follows the train journey of the same name, via footage shot from a carriage window. These calm and linear images are combined with abstract animation, sometimes geometric, sometimes more organic, expressing the sensations of this journey, of the horizontal shifting, with its tempo, ist pauses, its agitations and the proliferation of thoughts that this particular space-time makes possible. An adventurous young boy, Albert, is diagnosed with terminal cancer and given only a matter of weeks to live. While undergoing aggressive medical treatments Albert befriends a laboratory chimp, Simon, at the company his mother works for. Through this newfound friendship with the gifted chimp, Albert finds new hope and courage, and a strength that leads him to undertake one final great adventure. With the help of his brokenhearted mother, Albert breaks Simon out of the laboratory and embarks upon a journey that teaches Albert and all those around him a valuable lesson about compassion for all living creatures, and the powerful healing effects that this can have on our lives. The true story of boxer Rocky Graziano's rise from juvenile delinquent to world champ. When his helicopter goes down during his fourth tour of duty in Afghanistan, Marine Sam Cahill is presumed dead. Back home, brother Tommy  steps in to look over Sam's wife, Grace, and two children. Sam's surprise homecoming triggers domestic mayhem. Light years from Earth, 26 years after being abducted, Peter Quill finds himself the prime target of a manhunt after discovering an orb wanted by Ronan the Accuser. A young nurse is pressured to get married and have children. Her first and only boyfriend of ten years makes a hilariously inappropriate Internet video. A gay friend gets dumped for throwing his cat off the bed. Their best friend is a balding, 24-year-old virgin, and quickly becoming a 'creepy old man.' Sex is the theme in this ensemble piece, in which stigmas are challenged and a group of friends bare all. In this laugh-out-loud romantic comedy, Frank is an angst-ridden, young man who desperately wants to marry his girlfriend, Darlene, against the wishes of her father. A timid magazine photo manager who lives life vicariously through daydreams embarks on a true-life adventure when a negative goes missing. The evil wizard Gargamel creates a couple of mischievous Smurf-like creatures called the Naughties that he hopes will let him harness the all-powerful, magical Smurf-essence. But when he discovers that only a real Smurf can give him what he wants, and only a secret spell that Smurfette knows can turn the Naughties into real Smurfs, Gargamel kidnaps Smurfette and brings her to Paris, where he has been winning the adoration of millions as the world1s greatest sorcerer. It's up to Papa, Clumsy, Grouchy, and Vanity to return to our world, reunite with their human friends Patrick and Grace Winslow, and rescue her! Will Smurfette, who has always felt different from the other Smurfs, find a new connection with the Naughties Vexy and Hackus or will the Smurfs convince her that their love for her is True Blue? A Romanian police officer teams up with a small crew of bank robbers to pull off a heist by convincing everyone at the scene of the crime that they are only filming a movie. The film follows the Tang Monk and his three disciples on their westbound pilgrimage, beating monsters and villains along the way.  Four soccer moms struggle to balance their busy schedules, family lives, and sanity: Meg, an overachieving people pleaser; Barbara, a recent divorcee; Rocky, a high-maintenance diva; and Connie, a curvaceous and big-hearted mother. It's1947, and hard-boiled private investigator Charlie Nickels' client is murdered and her priceless diamond stolen. The investigation forces him to do the one thing he vowed never to do again: trust a dame. Thirteen-year old Luchito lives in a working class complex of blocks in Santiago, Chile. He is obsessed with Manuel, a sixteen-year old who lives in the building across from him. A gay Naked Yoga teacher examines how the Israeli-Palestinian conflict affects the lives of American Jews. School is out and Greg is ready for the days of summer, when all his plans go wrong. What on earth is he going to do all summer? Sven lives with his mother Edeltraut, who is suffering from dementia. He shares his entire life, the apartment, even the bed with her. During the day he works at a bank. While he is at work, Daniel comes to the apartment to look after Edeltraut. He takes her to hairdresser's, goes for walks, shopping, and tidies up the apartment. But one day while Daniel is cleaning the windows, Edeltraut locks him out on the balcony and takes off. The two men go out looking for her. But what they find is not just Edeltraut, but also a tender fondness for one another, one which turns both of their lives upside down. An honest examination of the funny, sexy, turbulent and beautiful high-stakes game of heterosexual cohabitation. Tim wants to be a doctor. Caroline doesn't quite know what she wants. They both know their love is real, but can that love endure a town full of possibilities and temptation? Chris wants to show girlfriend Tina his world, but events soon conspire against the couple and their dream caravan holiday takes a very wrong turn. A couple embarks on an epic road trip in an attempt to gain more followers after their Instagram rival's fame doubles overnight. A cross-episodic melange of macabre folktales supposedly penned by folklorist Jonathan Mallory Sinus. When a mild-mannered businessman learns his identity has been stolen, he hits the road in an attempt to foil the thief -- a trip that puts him in the path of a deceptively harmless-looking woman. Pressured by his deceased mother's ghost to return home to the family he abandoned, a former addict grabs a bag of pills and a sack of marijuana and hits the road to Shreveport. College student Tracy (Laura Lee Black) has just received an assignment to write a report on her favorite film genre. In her research she discovers a book, now Tracy is taken into three interlocking tales of the unexpected. First in THE VAT, two women (Jenny Coulter / Rodney Horn) are harassed by a religious fanatic (Angie Keeling) about their worldly ways. When the bible thumping hypocrite threatens violence, chaos takes it's toll. Next in BIG DEBBIE, a robust woman (Rodney Horn) is abandoned at the altar, she runs into two guys that use her to fulfill their odd sexual fetish. When one accidentally dies, they're forced to get rid of the body... the only problem: a woman on the edge (Rachel Stout) witnesses the ditching and blackmails them into killing her cheating girlfriend (Kelli Ellis). Finally in INGLOURIOUS BITCHES, a quirky pair of female vigilantes (Douglas Conner / Brian Dorton) use an app on a cellphone to track down and murder sex offenders. After learning of an urban legend in which a demented serial killer named SMILEY can be summoned through the Internet, mentally fragile Ashley must decide whether she is losing her mind or becoming Smiley's next victim. An aspiring actor and a struggling DJ team up to pursue the ladies they love and a diamond that rightfully belongs to their oversexed dog. A woman suffers from an unusual illness caused by a flower growing in her lungs. Four teenaged lads set off to get laid in order to stay alive. However, the boys have to attract the girls first in order to complete their mission. Otherwise, they will be hunted and killed by a vicious Werewolf which only seems interested in Virgins. Kenichi Shibuya is a 50-year-old salaryman who divorced a few years back. Since the divorce, his relationship with his daughter has become awkward. One day, Kenichi Shibuya and his boss Yumi Ayase are struck by lightning and die. They go to the afterlife. There in the afterlife they hear of a legendary soup. If someone drinks the legendary soup, that person is reborn, but the reborn person has no memories of their prior life. Kenichi Shibuya then searches for the secrets in the legendary soup, hoping to be reborn, but not forget his daughter. Niki when she was still a child she had a gift. A stuffed parrot that brought her luck. Thanks to that her father and his friends were able to win in gambling in order to make a living. One day though a friend of her's steals the parrot and as a result her father goes bankrupt and ends in prison. Niki as an adult she has to fight back her old friend in a poker tournament. Things get tough thou when she falls in love with him. A buddy comedy about two grown boys trying to survive the economic downturn in 2009. Welcome to Tumbleweed, Colorado, where the bad-ass baker just got zapped by lightning. Now his memory's fried and he's got to somehow unscramble the pieces of his life. But things only get crazier when he stumbles upon a cookie-cutter copy of himself dressed up as some kind of Frankenstein out back under a pile of leaves. Determined to solve the mystery of his own apparent murder, he tangles with his buried past, forcing him to choose once and for all between pastries and immortality. God lives in New York City and He's really annoyed with the human race. He needs his faith in mankind restored and comes up with a plan. He dispatches his angelic assistant Serena to approach ladies' man Rick Cozwell and inform him that he has 60 days to fall in love or the world will come to an abrupt end. Overeducated and underemployed, 28 year old Megan is in the throes of a quarterlife crisis. Squarely into adulthood with no career prospects, no particular motivation to think about her future and no one to relate to, Megan is comfortable lagging a few steps behind - while her friends check off milestones and celebrate their new grown-up status. When her high-school sweetheart proposes, Megan panics and- given an unexpected opportunity to escape for a week - hides out in the home of her new friend, 16-year old Annika and Annika's world-weary single dad Craig. Mr. Viral is a dark comedy satire meets revenge thriller about viral marketing and the Internet. It's a story of revenge, gone viral. In the trenches of a struggling prominent advertising ... Benjamin, a young German computer whiz, is invited to join a subversive hacker group that wants to be noticed on the world's stage. When the rogueish but loveable Raif is asked to be his brother Tim's best man at his wedding, he decides the best present for the happy newlyweds would be to catch the entire thing on video. He returns home from abroad to find his brother is no longer the bohemian vagabond that he used to be, and is in fact marrying into a very wealthy family, and the wedding they're about to be part of will be the most outlandish and bizarre that Cheshire has ever seen... Thank the lord Raif has caught it all on tape! Ouran Academy is a prestigious school with most students coming from wealthy families. One of the few students who comes from a modest background is Haruhi Fujioka (Haruna Kawaguchi). Through unexpected circumstances, Haruhi Fujioka ends up joining the male "host club," while hiding her gender. Friendship and love grows between Haruhi Fujioka and the male "host club" members. Confirmed bachelor Paul falls for Iris, who's unfortunately as good as married. Although his friends have women problems of their own, and all end up moving into Paul's apartment, they concoct a daring plan to help Paul save Iris from marrying the wrong man. Mickey and an early version of Donald Duck are police officers chasing dognapper Pegleg Pete. Despite their bumbling, they manage to repeatedly get the drop on Pete at his sawmill hideout, though they ultimately make a shambles of the place. Raised in the Tennessee mountains, Wayne White started his career as a cartoonist in NYC. He quickly found success as one of the creators of the Pee-wee's Playhouse TV show which soon led to more work designing some of the most arresting and iconic images in pop culture. Recently his word paintings featuring pithy and and often sarcastic text statements finely crafted onto vintage landscape paintings have made him a darling of the fine art world. The movie chronicles the vaulted highs and crushing lows of an artist struggling to find peace and balance between his professional work and his personal art. This is especially complicated for a man who struggles with the virtues he most often mocks in his art...Vanity, ego and fame. Challenges of impending parenthood turn the lives of five couples upside down. Two celebrities are unprepared for the surprise demands of pregnancy; hormones wreak havoc on a baby-crazy author, while her husband tries not to be outdone by his father, who's expecting twins with his young trophy wife; a photographer's husband isn't sure about his wife's adoption plans; a one-time hook-up results in a surprise pregnancy for rival food-truck owners. For Charles, video-games are a much needed escape from reality. But when virtual vixen Sophia leads him on a mysterious quest through the lovelorn lives of six New Yorkers, they will all learn that in the game of life...every heart is a moving target. Despite being engaged to a successful Iranian plastic surgeon in Beverly Hills, Shirin finds herself falling for a mysterious young man who lives  in a lighthouse in northern California. The story of an aimless, would-be, jungle-gym architect who finds his existence disrupted - and his marriage upended - when his prickly, Indian, B-movie playback singer father-in-law comes to visit and overstays his welcome A group of friends awake one morning to find all electricity and power shut off and an immense alien aircraft hovering in the air above their heads. Suddenly this regular group of friends is battling to survive as the entire human race is threatened by the alien army hovering ominously above.  When Joan Weldon discovers she is dying of lung cancer, she sets out to reconcile her dysfunctional relationships with her three children, her husband, and along the way, her former best friend. The family's destructive ways are offset by messy and somewhat humorous attempts by Joan to set her children on the right course before she dies. In this big dysfunctional mix, they will all learn to connect in their own ways, and realize on their own terms what life is about. The film tells the story of Marco della Riva, an Italian student at the elite Swiss boarding school, Mont Reve, who is not your ordinary guy. A fierce athlete and secretly a writer, he is quite the trouble maker and of course a ladies' man. With his on campus nemeses, the drug-dealing Spanish gang, vowing to cause him and his friends, a fiercely loyal group of Italians, trouble, life at the Mont Reve Boarding School is a constant game with one goal: to reach the finish without being caught. But when Marco's eyes set upon Divina V. Rawling, a British classmate and dancer with a perfect record and lineage extraordinaire, his charm is tested. Will she risk his reputation and give him a chance? Brian is a 16 year-old who can't play basketball, but he still wants to play like his hero, Kevin Durant. At an Oklahoma City Thunder game, Brian gets chosen to shoot a half court shot which he misses and hits the mascot in the process. Later on, he gets a chance to meet Durant and expresses his desire to play just like him. When Kevin gives Brian the ball, the two  unknowingly switch talents. Three friends struggle to maintain their hedonistic lifestyles as they approach 30. Delving into their story, we become subjected to their inane theories, absurd philosophies and warped sense of humor. In Greenwich Village in the early 1960s, gifted but volatile folk musician Llewyn Davis struggles with money, relationships, and his uncertain future following the suicide of his singing partner. "Casese quien pueda", is a romantic comedy placed in Mexico City and in the Quintana Roo jungles. The story tells about two sisters with completely different goals in life: one of them wants to get married, and the other wants to succeed in her professional career; but life will take them to completely unknown and new paths. Ana Paula (Martha Higareda) is about to get married when she finds out her fiance is cheating on her with her own cousin. That night, after many shots of tequila, Ana Paula ends up falling asleep in the back of a truck owned by a worker who that same night goes back to his hometown, a small village in Quintana Roo. A giant alien mosquito-type insect is drawn to earth from the CO2 pollution in search of blood. Del, a government agent, loses loved ones to the creature and is on a personal vendetta while the Dr. Kempler is captivated by it and attempts to help the creature cleanse the earth. Lizzie, a high-end event planner, lies awake nightly while her devoted fiance Josh rests peacefully. When a sleep-deprived incident causes her to run into Billy, a low-key bartender who is just as sleepless and frustrated as she is, they discover that they can only fall asleep while next to each other. Charles Swan III, a successful graphic designer, has it all: fame, money and devilish charm that have provided him with a seemingly perfect life. But when a perplexing beauty named Ivana suddenly ends their relationship, Charles is left heartbroken. With the support of his loyal intimates - Kirby, Saul, and his sister, Izzy - Charles begins a delirious journey of self-reflection to try and come to terms with a life without Ivana. "A Glimpse Inside the Mind of Charles Swan III" is an unconventional melodrama told in a bold and playful style. The idiot's guide to getting your life back on track when the only tools at your disposal are a half-assed BA in Fine Arts, a part time job as a delivery boy, some really dank weed, a bow tie, and the love of your life who has never noticed you. Until now. The hip are bored and they want you to know it. Part absurdist documentary and part cinematic realism, Shoplifting from American Apparel moves between the life of the actual writer who has written the popular novel on which the film is based to the mishaps of a ragtag film crew who offer each other challenges to make certain scenes. The gay couple Tobi and Ernie are being visited by Ernie's old friend Uta. What at first looks like an innocent house-call, turns into an insidious attack on the couple's relationship. No plot provided A man returns home to Atlanta to help and turn around his family's struggling restaurant with the help of a new chicken recipe. A year spent with choreographer Allison Orr as she rides out with and tries to persuade employees of the Austin Dept. of Solid Waste Services to collaborate in a public dance performance. The performance eventually takes place, in the rain, on the tarmac of an abandoned airport, with over two thousand people watching--16 trucks, 24 people-- and sweeps local art and performance awards. A contemporary love story taking place in the heart of Europe, of two passionate young persons, whose sense of reality is too frequently mediated by a failure to 'live in the moment' and by computer screens. It should have been just a normal day of sex, fun, alcohol, hormones and debauchery for Tabitha and Mimi, two over-privileged twenty-somethings. But that so-called normalcy gets tossed out the window when a devastating event occurs at a pool party. Youth in Canada learning to come to terms with the world in which they have to live. A picture of the journey to adulthood - a composite of many children's journeys. The production utilized 340 teenagers, 65 adults, and 50 children, none of whom had any previous acting experience. Thomas Capper is an unconventional and mysterious serial killer who takes aim at a Hollywood film set, by unleashing his own brand of retribution on the cast and crew. A young French chef with a fondness for America and a life in shambles pushes the limits of the American Dream by converting a Chicago pizza shop into an escort-service for the super-rich with the help of a suburban slacker who dwells in his parents' basement. Romantic comedy following four couples who meet through a dating website. Four men go on a heroic mission to help four women and wind up experiencing a series of mishaps. Four little league teammates reunite after fifteen years to solve the mystery behind a horrible killing from their childhood. A mysterious letter sends the gang on a mission to unearth the grave of their old coach and prove that their incarcerated friend is innocent. Little do they know the real killer is stalking them and hungry for their blood! For three long centuries Creeporia has lived in an immortal freeze. A timeless soul lost in the breeze. Now, one way to win back her life is if she can become the wife of one who'll gladly give their heart to such a vain, repulsive tart! The second way to end this game is if she can regain her fame. Should she become a star once more. Then this curse gets thrown out the door! Will this undead actress escape her curse? DJ Stan Da Man (Chase Carson) was once a rock star DJ who dominated the club scene in the early 90s.  Now it's 20 years later and he's still rocking the crowds. Only now he's been phased out by new competition and finds himself entertaining drunk wedding guests instead of party hard clubbers. With a crew of social misfits at his side, Stan must survive the war zone that is the wedding business! A group of sexy blackjack dealers, The Sin Pit Pussycats, plot to rob a Vegas casino to get revenge against the shady owner who wronged them. Harry (Brian Petsos) is having a very, very bad day. He returns home from an all-night drinking binge with his cousin Cecil (Oscar Issac), to discover that his little dog Jolly...Harry's one true love and the source of light in his dark, solitary life-has been murdered. Brokenhearted and beyond consolation, he vows to track down the dog's murderer at any cost. Armed with a stockpile of firepower in the trunk of his car, he and Cecil embark on a frenzied, alcohol-fueled wild-goose chase, leaving a bloody path of destruction in their wake. Professor Vujic's Hat (Serbian: Sesir profesora Koste Vujica) is a Serbian movie.  The story was first presentet as a TV drama in 1972. The story of professor Kosta Vujic who in the mid-19th century taught an extraordinarily talented generation of gymnasium students, some of whom would go on to become prominent members of the Serbian society and eventually historically significant figures. They include Mihailo "Mika Alas" Petrovic, Stevan Stojanovic Mokranjac, Jovan Cvijic, and Jasa Prodanovic. Teacher Linda Sinclair balances her staid home life with an incredible passion for her subject, but her routine is forever altered when a former star pupil and his unsupportive father reenter her life. The new guy (James Spader) in a Los Angeles high school does some singing and fights a hotshot (Paul Mones) over a disco dancer (Kim Richards). Delfina returns from New York to a small riverside town in the province of Buenos Aires. There she visits a tomb of an older woman and one of a younger woman, named Julia, who is identical to her. Norway is per capita one of the world's biggest producers of weapons and ammunition. The Norwegian Solution gives us a rare look into the ammunition's factory Nammo, situated in the idyllic surroundings of Raufoss, in the middle of the country. This quirky documentary film tracks art dealer Harvey Jordan on his obsessive journey to find out about the mysteries of 'Bible Storyland', an ill fated Bible theme park intended to compete with Disney in 1960s Southern California. Complete with dream sequences, animation and of course, a curse, this fun film plumbs the depths of the many facets of 'Bible Storyland', and it's affects on Harvey and his family. -- IMDb Plot: Bible Storyland (2012) The Grounded movie tells the true tale of an Alaskan wildlife filmmaker's persistent curiosity and quest to test the claims of what appears to be an outrageously simple and "too good to be true" healing concept - physical, bare skin contact with the Earth - which may have been known by civilizations throughout history.  New research has started to confirm the unexpected, that the surface of the Earth has a healing power, like a gigantic treatment table. Camp Kickitoo is a fast-paced hip-hop comedy. It centers on the stormy relationship between Alvin Fishman, a would-be banker from a well-to-do family, and MC Wanda B, a street-wise hip-hop singer. Despite his Ivy League MBA degree, Alvin can't find a job. He has moved back in with his parents and is taking out his job-search frustrations by beating out frequent solos on his drum set in the garage. At the urging of his long-suffering mother, he accepts a summer job at Camp Kickitoo, which turns out to be anything but your usual summer camp. In fact, it is a rehab facility for minor drug offenders and here we find a mixed bag of colorful characters. Initially assigned to the kitchen as a pot washer, Alvin soon gets his wish and becomes a counselor. Among his other duties, he is put in charge of reining-in Wanda, an angry camper unjustly busted for marijuana possession. United by music, the storm lifts and friendships begin. Tomas, a disenchanted office worker, after finding out that the office jerk Jett has stolen his work as well as his coveted promotion, swears vengeance and follows the ways of the ninja in his quest to regain his honor and find the evidence that will end Jett's reign of office tyranny. Like always, Postman Pat is happily going about his duty delivering letters and parcels around the fictional town of Greendale. One day, auditions for the TV talent show, "You're the One", are held in Greendale, which Pat manages to pass. With Pat required to be away from Greendale whilst participating in the contest, various Patbot 3000 robots are deployed to take Pat's postal duties. This soon turns out to be an evil plot to take over the world, which Pat must now stop. Beat Down is an irreverent comedy about wrestling, family and following your dreams no matter how painful that can sometimes be.  Fran Whiteway (Marthe Bernard, Republic of Doyle) is eighteen and a real firecracker. More than anything, Fran dreams of becoming a professional wrestler. Her single-father Whitey (Robb Wells, Trailer Park Boys) is a former-pro, aka White Lightning, with broken dreams of his own and is dead set against Fran wrestling. Fran is determined though and when Whitey's old rival Dark Thunder (Tony Nappo, Saw II) comes to town, she runs away to join his tour. Whitey is devastated and while he tries to get his daughter back, Fran learns the ropes of the wrestling game and of life itself. A brief but intense hug will have the effect of throwing a meticulously planned wedding into chaos. Is chance about to give fate a helping hand? An aging, skateboarding veterinarian Sir Billi goes above and beyond the call of duty fighting villainous policemen and powerful lairds in a battle to save an illegal fugitive - Bessie Boo the beaver! Hilarious romantic comedy which main essence is based on the maturation process that young people face when entering their thirties. When their options come to settling down and starting a family or pursuing and achieving what they've always dreamed of, even though this could become a risk for their economic and emotional stability. The true story of Chong Kim--abducted into the sex trade as a young teen--and the complicated moral choices she had to make in order to survive as her situation grew more desperate. Divorced and demoralised, Amy Minsky's prospects look bleak when she is condemned to move back in with her parents at the age of 35. Everyone wants to help but, as her patience level with advice is plummeting, a bold teenage boy enters her life, igniting her last bit of self-esteem. Estrella is a lively girl who works as a cleaner neighborhood and who lives in a modest apartment in Santa Coloma with her boyfriend. His joy and optimism contrasted with adversity around him, especially with the difficult times being experienced co-worker. Olivia is a 27-year-old grad student who's beginning to suspect she's an asexual. To help clear up her issues, she accepts a friend's offer to try sex with her own boyfriend. But much goes wrong in Olivia's first foray into sex. A cameraman is knocked over during a football game. His brother in law as the king of the ambulance chasing lawyers starts a suit while he's still knocked out. The cameraman is against it until he hears that his ex-wife will be coming to see him. He pretends to be injured to get her back, but also sees what the strain is doing to the football player who injured him. This is an ironic, sometimes frankly ridiculous and at the same time sad story about the everyday life of the so-called "upper middle class" - glorified by Woody Allen in America, but still very small in Russia among wealthy citizens. In addition to the enviable affluence, all these businessmen, movie directors, fashion directors, owners of dental clinics and their beautiful wives who are stuck in existential doubts and trivial adultery, are also united by their sonorous `pioneers` (Russian boy & girl scouts) past, which sometimes turns out to be much more difficult than to build a mansion in New Riga... As Ishaan, a music producer who takes advantage of the women in his life, feels a connection with Gauri, his new next-door neighbor, he begins to learn the importance of friendship - causing him to work to repair his relationships. Left broke and homeless by his wealthy parents' divorce, a young man moves in with an old friend and finally meets the woman of his dreams -- only to discover she's already dating his friend. Damien Shadows introduces you to 5 blood curdling horror films, all of which are actually enchanted and or cursed. Damien shows you how to ward off the spirits after each terrifying tale in this anthology. From demented sisters, to panty raids gone wrong, to killer mimes and bad periods, this film will take you on one wild ride! After a wisdom tooth operation a man decides to let his friend pull out one of the stitches. A runaway bride and an undercover reporter get caught up in political intrigue as they lead a merry chase across Europe and uncover a spy plot. 1983: A group of high school students are having a great time near Hollywood Hills at the weekend when they bump into the Loser from their school, Sam, who's just on his way home. Sam would do anything in order to get Jenny's attention, one of prettiest girls in school. Unfortunately she's also the girlfriend of the school's bully, Biff, the quarterback of the football team. Biff and his buddies are keen to take Sam to the old abandoned amusement park to make him prove his courage as part of their initiation ceremony. They involve Jenny in their cruel game as the grand prize of the competition. Sam accepts the challenge, but the girl wouldn't let him go in by himself; she follows him into the amusement park and a night they'll never forget. A frog who hates the water and jumping wishes that he could be like the other animals in the Amazon rainforest. Badly planned trek across Dartmoor landscape brings four friends face to face with the Dartmoor Beast. Lost and afraid the terrified party has to fight for their own lives in desperate attempt to survive the night. In this topsy-turvy romance, Gulshan Grover plays Prabhod, a filmmaker at work on his latest movie with director of photography M (Atul Kulkarni). When M is introduced to the project's star, Sushmitha (Masoomi), the actress is instantly smitten. But during shooting, Prabhod begins to have feelings for Sushmitha as well. To further complicate matters, Sushmitha's seductive mother (Rathi Agnihotri) also stirs things up. Who will end up with whom? The feature weaves an intricate tale about childhood best-friends that have an unusually strong bond and a more intriguing secret. Both young men are on the right path to promising futures, a first round NFL draft pick, and a talented art major on a full scholarship. A complicated web of lies, gambling, murder and a pact between friends sends an innocent friend to prison and the other to fame. After spending eleven years in prison, the innocent comes to collect a debt and is determined to have the life he was promised... by any means necessary. Two best friends, Grant and Paul, hit the country road for a night of fun, but unfortunately take a short cut to their fate... where they meet the Locals. Dave has the American Dream and hates it. His eccentric friends, quite happy with their bizarre way of life, struggle to pull Dave out of his depressed darkness! Kicked out of her apartment, Natalia wanders New York City, crashing a family's holiday meal, staying at a men's shelter, and dragging everyone down with her. An ode to anxiety and New York. When ambitious New York attorney Sam is sent to Shanghai on assignment, he immediately stumbles into a legal mess that could end his career. With the help of a beautiful relocation specialist, a well-connected old-timer, a clever journalist, and a street-smart legal assistant, Sam might just save his job, find romance, and learn to appreciate the beauty and wonders of Shanghai. Written by Anonymous  (IMDB.com). Artie is pure bred trailer trash. He has zero ambition, is everyone's favorite punching back at school and bears the burden of his virginity in silence. And then April moves out of the state. She's his best friend and support since kindergarten and the love of his life. Three years later Artie finally has the courage to take to the road and go see April to tell her how he feels about her. One car-crash later Artie wakes up in the middle of the zombie apocalypse. But this time he's not going to hide. Artie's love for April doesn't give him wings, but does give him the courage to hack, slash, punch and kick himself a part towards the girl he loves. Time is of the essence, because that bite on his hand will make the difference between a French kiss and a bite out of April's brains. In this final installment, the Ninjas and their friends find themselves pitted against the most evil and memorable monsters of them all - Dracula, Frankenstein, the Mummy, the Werewolf, and MORE! Loaded with martial arts action, bloody horror, gun play, magic, comedy, pop-culture references, and a tightly woven twist-filled plot Set in 1958, Populaire focuses on Rose Pamphyle, who lives with her widowed father and is destined to marry a son of the local mechanic. Rose travels out of town and applies for a secretarial job with an insurance agency run by Louis Echard. Louis learns that Rose can type with extraordinary speed -- using only two fingers -- and he tells her to compete in a speed-typing competition if she wants the job. A quirky caveman sets out on a journey to find his family after they accidentally bury him alive and along the way he meets a very unusual traveling partner; a Chicken. Alvar is a pensioner who hides his guilt by "constructing" fictitious memoirs. By chance he meets Miriam, a socially tone deaf and obstinate teenager, and they become friends. Their friendship deepens when they begin to inspire downhearted people with public art, and comes to a head when they themselves have to blossom. No overview Their relationship on the rocks, a young Brooklyn couple heads to a remote B&amp;B to work things out. But from the moment they arrive at The Happy House it's one disaster after another, and they soon begin to suspect they've wandered into a real life horror movie. Events escalate from weird to terrifying as they contend with the house's batty owner, her imposing son, a moody Swedish lepidopterist, a pedantic English professor, an extraordinarily rare butterfly, the world's best blueberry muffins, a .44 Magnum, a demented serial killer, and one very strict rulebook. A free-spirited surf instructor volunteers herself as a strictly sexual - or so she thinks - rebound for a heartbroken, down and out writer. A comical road movie about friendship and happiness with unique protagonists. Bomber is a small man. And he has just lost his job as a courier. He decides to rip off his boss and keep the money from his last delivery trip to Paris. Europe is a beautiful blind French girl living in Paris. When she finds out she is pregnant from a one-night stand, she decides to travel to Berlin to find the father. - MUBI A small town journalist's fabricated stories attracts unwanted attention when one of them turns out to be true. Retired police detective Roland Hassel (Lars-Erik Berenett, who played Hassel on TV in the 1980s) is determined to solve the 1986 assassination of Swedish Prime Minister Olof Palme. Without access to police files, however, the best he can manage is to attend an inept re-enactment on the 25th anniversary of the murder... An anthology feature highlighting the city of Philadelphia, and the diversity of the people who live there. The five stories, written and directed individually by each member of Pennsylvania People, intertwine over the course of one night in The City of Brotherly Love. While defending her family's historic plantation from destruction, Charlotte, a reclusive Southern-belle spinster, calls for help from her cousin Melanie, but Melanie's arrival sparks a chain of melodramatic events that send Charlotte into madness. When an oil company unwittingly unleashes a prehistoric shark from its icy  prison, the Jurassic killer maroons a group of art thieves and a group of  college students on an abandoned island Past Present Future is a feature-length film about two friends, Rachel and Noah, who have had an on-again, off-again relationship since high school, meeting up for the first time after years apart. A teenager pursues his childhood dream of becoming the best at reverse running. 'I can shoot ink out of my fingers. That's about it really. Sometimes, in pressure situations, I can shoot it out of my toes.' When Squid Man gets downsized out of the Superhero Society, he's forced to crash on the couch of his former sidekick (and only friend) Warren. Now he spends his time boozing in a dead end bar, reminiscing about the days when the hero groupies were plentiful and even a second-rater like him could sometimes save the universe. But when a reporter wants to include him in an upcoming book about superheroes, Squid Man is forced to face the dark mysteries of his past... and the even more unsettling idea that he might actually have a future. VAMPIRE DOG is a feature length family film about finding courage and discovering that you belong.  Ace, a 12-year-old boy is new in middle school. His grandfather from Transylvania passes away at the ripe age of 99, and sends him his dog, Fang, to look after. Ace soon discovers that Fang is a vampire dog.  Professor Warhol, a mad scientist and her bumbling assistant Frank, try to capture Fang to steal his DNA, in order to look young. They are constantly in pursuit of Fang but Fang uses his superpowers to stay one step ahead of them.  During their adventure Ace shows Fang how to behave like a normal dog and embrace his vampire powers. Fang helps Ace open up and come alive again through his music.  Ace and Fang discover with the help of each other, when they face their fears, they can do anything. This romantic comedy, shot in a road-movie style, tells the story of businessman Petr Kraus and his personal transformation. After returning from China, where he supervised the production of clothing for his customers, Petr finds out that the manufacturer had ruined the whole order and so he gets into trouble with the contractor who wants some astronomical compensation for the damage. Peter knows that he should solve the problem quickly, but instead he decides to go on a trip seeking his personal happiness and an escape from responsibility. Fortunately, his close friends, Tereza and Pavel are there to help... A clumsy local political campaign fights to avoid damage from an enigmatic Internet rumor spread about their candidate 5 days before the election. A buddy comedy about a fanatic small town football supporter who falls in love with a perfect girl, only to notice that his dream-girl supports the wrong football team. Now he has to befriend the enemy or forget the girl he loves. James Keaton invents a time machine and goes back seven years to try to thwart the plans of his rival, Frederic Nichols. Meanwhile, Keaton's neglected girlfriend, Leila Locke, finds the time machine and uses it to convince her younger self to not get involved with Keaton in the first place. While in the past, however, she falls in love with the younger Keaton all over again. A story centered on a young guy who ineptly runs the family construction business by day and begrudgingly acts as caretaker for his father by night. A happy, unsuspecting couple, Max (Dan Wyllie) and Therese (Bojana Novakovic), buy a house in what appears to be a quiet, friendly neighbourhood. Settling in well, they make friends with a nice family on one side and soon meet a more interesting family on the other side. But interesting soon becomes loud and loud soon becomes intolerable. When the intolerable becomes violent and the police are powerless, Max and Therese attempt to take matters into their own hands. When Todd takes his girlfriend Cammie up to the family cottage for a reclusive proposal, the last thing he expected to be doing was dealing with was his slacker brother and his hippie girlfriend.  But in this comedy of errors, Todd and Cammie, have to deal with his accidentally murdered brother in order to live happily ever after. Doreen is about to marry the man of her dreams, Hank, a mild-mannered guy who is equally as excited about marrying Doreen. However, Doreen's older brother, a wild man named Travis who's been estranged from her for several years, shows up to make amends, but instead he accidentally curses her. Doreen is now possessed by the devil. In Las Vegas is a homeless man known as Johnny Priest, who is the last known person to perform an exorcism in America. It's up to Travis and Hank to put aside their differences and travel from Chicago to Las Vegas to get Doreen an exorcism before it's too late and her soul is lost forever. Original footage of the prosperous farming community of Glencoe, Minnesota -- 60 miles west of Minneapolis -- was filmed in 1979 for a PBS documentary. But for the next six years, Malle was too busy with other projects to finish this work. He returned in 1985 for a follow-up and found the community reacting to the mid-eighties crisis of overproduction in farm country. With weekly foreclosures on family farms and many families moving to the south, Malle documented a sense of frustration and apprehension from the same participants he had befriended in better times only half a decade earlier. Kate is an out of work actress working in a shop, until that is, she is made redundant. In a week from hell Kate's boyfriend leaves her, the shop goes bust and rent and gas bills have not been paid. Inspired by the notorious outlaw Bonnie Parker, Kate gathers a gang from her shop assistant friends and comes up with a plot to rob the shop, but who is her Clyde? A haunting portrait of a down and out comedian, part tale of redemption, love story and classic America family saga. A slice of life straight from the glass that cuts us. A quixotic artist hypothesizes about why he feels bad when a mystery girl stands him up. The event prompts him to ask: what's the content of a momentary feeling? Is it the sum of your experiences? And perhaps more importantly, are your experiences the sum of you? Paul is a frustrated but like able Casting Director who has dreams of finally making his own feature film. To get his life on track again and win back his girlfriend he decides to make a film about his job, love life and all the funny things that happen behind the scenes at the casting agency. When Justin's girlfriend of 5 years leaves him heartbroken and embarrassed after a public breakup, his trying to be helpful but somewhat misguided friends talk him into the strange world of on-line dating. Our story takes place at the end of the 1960s. This is the time of the collapse of the ideals of a more just and honorable life brought into prominence by students worldwide in the great rebellion in 1968 and of the beginning of the end of an equally grand illusion called Yugoslavia. Andjelko is the principal of a middle school in a small Bosnian place Dubica. He believes in Yugoslavia and worships its leader Josip Broz Tito. Andjelko, however, has one serious fault: he is a forger, he makes forged school diplomas. He does not do this out of self-interest, but because he is a staunch philanthropist. One day, a neighbor for whom Andjelko forged the leather-working school diploma, in order to take revenge on the local veterinarian, reports to the police that this one too has Andjelko's diploma. Our hero is, therefore, forced to flee to the big city. He lives there illegally, at the harborers of outlaws for whom he once forged diplomas. But one day, Andjelko runs into his schoolmate... he Crumbles is an indie rock slice-of-life tragicomedy about Darla and Elisa, two best friends struggling to catapult their talented but directionless garage band to stardom. Featuring an up-and-coming cast and music by Grammy winner Quetzal Flores, this lighthearted romp across the Eastside of Los Angeles offers a fun and realistic portait of what it's like to be in a fledgling band. Choosing Signs is a multi-award winning comedy about an American woman who follows the signs of the Universe all the way to Ireland, only to discover that when it comes to love, the Universe may not always be on her side. Gavin Miller left the trauma of his high school years behind long ago, and has since become "Man of the Year". But when "blast from the past" Rochelle Davis, walks back into his life, the awkwardness of his teens comes rushing back with her. When three childhood friends reunite on one midsummer night, their delirious abandon and reminiscence explodes into a daring search for hope and deliverance from the burden of their dreams. When inept, self-proclaimed survival experts Kaduche and Wynn discover the world's impending destruction, they pull their act off YouTube and enter Epic Mode to save the Earth. Teaming up with their nemesis, the girl of their dreams, and an eccentric visionary known as the Oracle, the group sets out to battle domestic terrorists, disenfranchised Russian communists and brain-eating zombies. Three friends on a journey to Moskow and themselves. A story of friendship, love, marriage, secrets, lies that unfolds between two couples in one apartment during a Sunday brunch that will affect their lives forever. When once-up-and-coming indie film starlet Halley Feiffer loses her boyfriend, her agent and her career in one fell swoop she finally realizes that something in her life has got to change... she has to become WAY MORE FAMOUS! Armed with a stolen script and two pitchers of sangria, Halley enlists the help of her brother Ryan and his boyfriend to make her own movie, starring herself (of course) as herself, and any A-list celebrity she can land along the way. Surrounded by the eccentric faculty of Truman High School, Mitch Carter wins the California Teacher of the Year award and immediately receives a tempting offer that may force him to leave his job. The only nuptial condition an inveterate chain smoker receives from his perfume-testing fiancee is to quit smoking. This poses a problem for the advertising agency ideas man for whom smoking is all part of the creative process. A mild-mannered deli clerk finally gets a second chance to pursue his high school sweetheart, a notorious female professional wrestler, when she returns for their ten-year reunion. A shy struggling actor is dragged into the world of professional male stripping by his egotistical brother. A crew of men who do the high-wire work of fixing the electrical grid are hit by a sudden deadly storm. Stan and Ollie try to deliver the deed to a valuable gold mine to the daughter of a dead prospector. Unfortunately, the daughter's evil guardian is determined to have the gold mine for himself and his saloon-singer wife. A burgeoning stand-up comedian struggles with the stress of a stalled career, a stale relationship, and the wild spurts of severe sleepwalking he is desperate to ignore. One worker in a bankrupt factory finds an unusual solution to save his co-workers from unemployment. If it doesn't work the factory will be privatized and sold to a French company planning to convert the plant into a snail cannery. Only 300 of the 3000 workers will keep their jobs. Musicians, producers, family, colleagues and the artist himself look back on the making of Stevie Wonders's classic album "Song In the Key of Life". Eight characters meet during New Year 's Eve , inexorably crossing their lives. Four men and four women, gay , lesbian and bisexual , dealing with everyday life, sentimental and working problems, jealousy and betrayals.  "Good As You", acrostic of the word " gay ", was the slogan used by the homosexual movement in the sixties of the twentieth century , during the protest marches. A decadent upper class family of mother and three grown-up children who lives in one of the richest neighborhoods of Sao Paulo, Brazil, is faced with the past as the long estranged father, who supposedly was the cause of the family's ruin, returns and accommodates himself in the house as if nothing had changed. When popular mother/daughter-bonding vlogger Stella Marshall finds herself on the outs with her own rebellious daughter Shay, she soon attracts the attention of a dangerous teen fan girl named Peyton who will stop at nothing to make Stella the perfect mother of her own. The Magic City, by Director R. Malcolm Jones, is a motion picture based on hope and resilience played out in a coming of age story laced with sometimes insurmountable tragedies and exhilarating adventures. Characters Tiana, Nia and Amiya initially adversaries, forge a lifelong friendship through hope and adversity in one of Miami's gritty and unforgiving neighborhoods, Liberty City. A suburban mom relives her season with the soccer obsessed sports parents whose outrageous "win at all costs" behavior spirals out of control. After getting a taste for blood as children, Hansel and Gretel have become the ultimate vigilantes, hell-bent on retribution. Now, unbeknownst to them, Hansel and Gretel have become the hunted, and must face an evil far greater than witches... their past. Internationally acclaimed ventriloquist Nina Conti, takes the bereaved puppets of her mentor and erstwhile lover Ken Campbell on a pilgrimage to 'Venthaven' the resting place for puppets of dead ventriloquists. She gets to know her latex and wooden travelling partners along the way, and with them deconstructs herself and her lost love in this ventriloquial docu-mocumentary requiem. Ken Campbell was a hugely respected maverick of the British Theatre, an eccentric genius who would snort out forgotten artforms. Nina was his prodigy in ventriloquism and has been said to have reinvented the artform. This film is truly unique in genre and style. No one has seen ventriloquism like this before. The story follows a team of highly trained operatives who find themselves trapped inside an isolated military compound. A PC becomes a vigilante after a head trauma. Eighteen-year old Ashley's life is headed in the wrong direction. She's been hanging out with a bad crowd and seeking an escape from the drama at home. Everything begins to change when a handyman working on the family's house encourages her to volunteer for a Christmas play with underprivileged children. Ashley finds purpose by helping people in need and uses that to help heal her troubled family. Together, they discover the impact one person can make through the gift of giving. A comedy that follows a man on a mission of self-discovery that results in hallucinations, flashbacks and fantasies in his quest to find new love and himself. In this comedy, two filmmakers set out to make a documentary about the long out of date online game Wizard's Way and one of its biggest fans, Julian. Julian and his flatmate Barry seem ill equipped to deal with world at large or the machinations of the filmmakers but when the servers for the game are turned off they are left with no choice but to make tentative steps into reality. Made for peanuts by three friends from Manchester, Wizard's Way proves that a good idea, smart writing, and appealing characters are much more crucial to a film's success than financial or technological resources. When 19-year-old Adam agrees to do a day's driving for his mum's gangster boyfriend Peter, it takes him on a 24-hour journey into a nightmarish world of murder, sex trafficking and revenge, in the company of aging hit man Roy. Raul, a Puerto Rican born in New York, meets Maria, a young Puerto Rican woman visiting NY, one night. Struck by love at first sight, he travels to Puerto Rico in search of this beautiful girl. He is cute. He's shrewd. The girls love him. The cops hate him. He can't speak but is always talked about. His naughty antics will make you scream, but he will never listen. Cos he can't! Next summer ride a rollercoaster of emotions with Barfii - the Chalu Chaplin! George Taylor returns from the WWII with amnesia. Back home in Los Angeles, he tries to track down his old identity, stumbling into a 3-year old murder case and a hunt for a missing $2 million. A rebellious teenager forced to repeat her last year of high school is caught between adolescence and adulthood - and between two very different male admirers. When college friends reunite after 15 years over the Christmas holidays, they discover just how easy it is for long-forgotten rivalries and romances to be reignited. Near the end of the 20th century on Tokyo's Chuo train line, just before Hong Kong's return to Chinese control, masses of people go on a rampage, and love runs wild. The Band Iwrestledabearonce goes on a wild horror tour with the demonic soul of a dead rock star Mack and Jesse are a father and son survivalist team, in the making. Jesse just wants to do his own thing, his own way. A sudden outbreak of zombies centers on an office building, trapping the occupants. Mack and Jesse happen upon the scene, on their way to an underground bunker. Against Mack's better judgment, they stop and try to help. The situation becomes grim as the zombies breach the building, and the office workers are picked off. Mack and Jesse attempt to lead the remaining group to safety. Can they some how learn to see eye to eye, during a zombie holocaust and save humanity?  Three friends about to turn 30 call themselves animal names: Badger, Hyena and Pigeon. They like to spend time in their favorite bar in the Bratislava city Zoo, and they starve for a serious relationship, a soul mate for life. Hyena is a virile macho, employed as a tiger feeder and seducing women never was a problem for him. In this matter the other two, Badger, a prosecuting attorney and Pigeon, employed as a water bicycle keeper, are far less successful. Times are about to change for Badger, who after years of fantasizing about a woman's voice in the radio finally decides to meet her in real life. As the friends closely follow Badger's new adventure, they discover, that a man is trying to kill him, because of his extensive zeal in persecuting local mafia at court. The killer happens to be the husband of the radio speaker, with whom Badger just started a romance. It is an absurd world full of funny coincidences, in which a story of falling in love becomes a matter of staying alive. Percival Pirate goes on a journey to discover his Grandpappy's hidden treasure chest. What he believes is treasure turns out to be four never before seen horror films. An intimate view of the women whose images have defined our sense of beauty over the past five decades. An uncensored look at many of the biggest names in modeling, the movie reveals the stories behind the magazine covers displaying these multicultural pioneers. Each woman is candidly interviewed in the studio and shares her experiences, ideas on longevity, and philosophy of life in the fashion industry. Elegant archival footage and interviews with designer Calvin Klein and agency head Eileen Ford round out this absorbing chronicle. It's recruiting time and despite being short and scrawny, Johnny Walker is America's hottest young football prospect. His dilemma: should he take one of the many offers from college talent scouts or should he attend the local state college with his girlfriend and give up his football career? Adventures, hidden treasure and everything else in a new Russian comedy... Kevin and Garrison are boyhood friends in a sleepy California suburb. They share a love of skateboarding, an evangelical Christian faith and a sense of confusion about romantic relationships. After his girlfriend commits suicide, a man (Shinya Tsukamoto) becomes embroiled in gang warfare attempting to obtain a gun in hopes to kill himself. Young single mother Diana struggles to provide for her child and pay for her college education. She ends up working at a shoe store, but meets two strippers from a nearby gentlemen's club who convince her there's fast money to be made stripping. At the Players Club, however, Diana faces danger and heartbreak. A battered and mysterious VCR...A bevy of lethal video- tapes... These are the building blocks of horror in "DEATH BY VHS". A mind blowing descent into madness and death. Five shocking vignettes, designed to take your sanity and devour your soul! Mild curiosity leads to severe consequences when a couple rents a supposedly cursed video cassette recorder. An urban legend renowned for leaving a trail of agonizing and torturous death. Unbelieving, they take the plunge... And another legend is horrifyingly born... Do you dare give fate a winning hand, and test yourself against the hellish consequences of the VHS machine? Insert Cassette Press Play...DIE!  Aarno Lamminparras hijacked an airplane with a gun in 1978. A true story. The movie is about the Lokomo laborer, and group of friends that dreams come true and a thirst for fast-paced life that take decades. After his girlfriend asks him to move in with her, a twenty-something guy and his two best friends plan an epic night out in New York City to help him decide if he wants to be a bachelor. The 1954 musical film based on the play by the same name. Actress Grace Kelly won an Academy Award for Best Actress. The film tells the story of an ex-theater actor who is given one more chance to star in a musical yet his alcoholism may prevent it from happening. This sequel to the popular British comedy sees a new teacher (David Tennant) take over. When he enters his school in the National 'Song for Christmas' Competition, he and his pregnant wife, and the schoolchildren, embark on an epic road trip that ends up with a birth and a donkey, where he must embrace his fears and become a hero. A Killer Stalks and Terrorizes a group of Sorority Girls on a College Campus. An ambitious day laborer gets his dream job when he shows up for the wrong interview. A war veteran's vision of Jesus leads him to renounce everything he owns and form a fraternity of oddball eccentrics to join him in Gospel poverty. It's One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest meet an intelligent dose of Christianity...on the streets of Brooklyn. Three high school virgins, suspended from school on a bogus graffiti charge, flee to the inner city in an attempt to live out the plot of The Catcher in the Rye - a book they neither have read nor understand. BINDLESTIFFS documents their struggles along the way as they surrender their virginities to vagrants, prostitutes, and crack fiends. Hot on their tail is Charlie, the deranged school security guard. Under the impression that the boys are planning a school shooting, he takes the law into his own hands to stop them and save America. Two mischievous kids hypnotize their mean elementary school principal and turn him into their comic book creation, the kind-hearted and elastic-banded Captain Underpants. Women are practically throwing themselves at Rich and he can't seem to control himself. But he continually blames his penis, which seems to have a mind of its own. After ruining yet another promising relationship with Jamie, Rich has finally had enough and wishes his penis would just leave him alone. The next morning, Rich wakes up to find his wish has come true and his johnson is no longer on his body. Even worse, Rich is shocked to discover that his penis has taken human form... At first glance, Mica seems a perfectly normal boy. But first glances can often be deceiving... For one, Mica's house is now a museum honouring Guillermo Garibai, the legendary Mexican crooner. Mica spends most of his time there, giving guided tours to aging Garibai fans. But stranger still, Mica smells. He smells like fish. Numerous doctors, his life-long therapist and even his own parents are at a loss. No one wants to be Mica's friend. Girls won't talk to him. His life appears pointless, uneventful, doomed. That is, until Laura walks into it. Samuel Peters (Edward Furlong), once an ordinary man, dabbles in the laws of voodoo to bring his wife back from the grave. He soon encounters the God of malevolence 'Kalfu' (Corey Feldman), and makes a pact with him to destroy the underworld and bring chaos to earth. In return, he will become 'The Zombie King' and walk the earth for eternity with his late wife. But, as the ever growing horde of zombies begins to completely wipe out a countryside town, the Government set-up a perimeter around the town and employ a shoot-on-sight policy. Trapped within the town, the locals, an unlikely bunch of misfits, must fight for their lives and unite in order to survive. Can our heroes unravel the clues in time and survive or will The Zombie King and his horde of zombies rise on the night of the dark moon? A stark adaptation of Flannery O'Connor's short story A Good Man Is Hard To Find. Generation Baby Buster is a documentary feature that explores why so many women are just saying no to procreation. Armed with insight from those who write and think about the current state of affairs for mothers, the director confronts her own ambivalence towards children head on and offers up some baby food-for-thought to a new generation of women: the baby busters. A girl falls for the "perfect" guy, who happens to have a very fatal flaw: he's a hitman on the run from the crime cartels who employ him. Old farmer Pesonen gets a kitten from his neighbour Mrs Kosonen and calls the cat Viiru. When Viiru starts to talk, the two become inseparable friends. A Vietnam veteran, Charles Rane, returns home after years in a POW camp and is treated as a hero. When thugs invade his home to steal the silver coins he received for his service, they mangle his hand and leave him and his family for dead. Rane survives and becomes obsessed with getting revenge. Aided by his loyal friend Johnny Vohden, Rane, now wielding a hook for a hand, sets out on his mission of vengeance. The clock is running for football star Eric to make his next great play in life when a gang of groupies tag him and try to catch him up in a web of blackmail and deceit. The women who run this show, play the ballers like tick-tack-toe. Out the door, Eric finds out firsthand about the games that take place off the field and what he has to do to remain king and not just another sideline story. A young couple are on the brink of divorce when they are audited by the IRS. In this first-of-its-kind crossover comedy, director Ben Popik brings together five comedy writers, and surprises them with a challenge: to each write fifteen pages of a movie, having read only the previous five pages of the script. They agree with one stipulation: If they write the movie, he has to make it.  It's a comedy, a love story, a psycho-sexual thriller, and a supernatural adventure all in one. Meanwhile, documentary footage of the writing process provides an inside look into the often-hilarious creative process, as well as the group dynamics that make collaboration between friends difficult. In 1970, a few days before Christmas, Elvis Presley showed up on the White House lawn seeking to be deputized into the Bureau of Narcotics and Dangerous Drugs by the President himself. A modern retelling of Shakespeare's classic comedy about two pairs of lovers with different takes on romance and a way with words. Two teens girls scheme their way out of work to spend a day at the beach. Things don't go as planned. Adan Kundle, CEO of a major advertising agency, is discovered unconscious in front of a wall of TVs. When he wakes in the hospital, Adan can only communicate through advertising slogans. Patrick, a travel agent in his early 30s, lives with Arthur, an immigration lawyer; but for a long time, Patrick has been sleeping on an air mattress on the floor of their bedroom. His younger brother, Tony, plans to marry his high school sweetheart but is having an affair that is far more satisfying than his relationship with his fiancee. Their older brother, Ryan, is divorced, living at home and working at his parents' hopelessly unprofitable men's clothing store. And McCauley soon makes achingly clear that the parents' marriage is far from happy. The story of Daniele Delpeuch and how she was appointed as the private chef for Francois Mitterrand. Thirty-somethings Michael, Nabil and Sylvain head to New York to surprise their friend Samia on her birthday, secretly arranged with the help of another friend, Gabrielle. The two women had moved to NYC two years previously to try their luck. Samia shares a fabulous loft with a renowned American actress and works as her assistant. Gabrielle has a more mundane job in a small retirement home. Transposed to New York, the close bonds formed over the years between the five friends from a housing project on the outskirts of Paris take on a different aspect. The laughter and emotion is dictated by the adventures they share during their stay, from the daily lives of the women to the discovery of this cult city. It's Morphin' time! There's a tumor in the collective unconscious, and it's up to 6 young people to draw on its power to become the Struggled Reagans! Armed with Metaphysical super powers, a giant robot, and perverse sexual fetishes, they can defeat an ancient Hindu god and his googley eyed monster...Right? THE CONFABULATORS is a feature film about WALTER, a young man struggling to balance his relationship with his long-term girlfriend MARNY and his attempts to climb the corporate ladder at Cobb Inc. Walter's life takes an unexpected turn when his second cousin, TED, moves into his apartment. Soon, Ted starts showing up at Walter's office and infiltrating his social life. Meanwhile, Walter realizes there is more than meets the eye to Cobb Inc., and that it may be involved in a vast international conspiracy. Orlando, a lifeguard in the summer and gangster in the winter, abandons his life of crime and returns to his hometown of Priddy, Texas. After getting in over his head with his Olympic swimmer ex-girlfriend and a crew of volunteer firefighters, his former lifeguard gang comes after him and the contents of his fanny pack. The life of a teenage boy is forever altered by a chance encounter with cutting edge military technology. Diagnosed with an incurable illness, Charles, a rugby tycoon who has made a fortune in New Zealand prints an ad in his hometown looking for his sister that he's not seen in fifty years. A notary clerk, believing that Charles has a terminal illness responds to Charles' search for heirs claiming to be his sister. Charles finds that he was misdiagnosed and returns to France to meet his long lost sister. Two contractors are hired to dig up a treasure for their employer. Things go wrong when the treasure accidentally ends up in the hands of three small time crooks, Babis, Jimmy and Spooky, who ran into them while committing a robbery to pay off a debt to Munir, a local crime lord. The three friends use their connection with an underground informer to trade the treasure for cash. What they don't know is that they're being pursued by the contractors and Munir's thugs. 20 years after the dimwits set out on their first adventure, they head out in search of one of their long lost children in the hope of gaining a new kidney. Growing up can be a bumpy road, and it's no exception for Riley, who is uprooted from her Midwest life when her father starts a new job in San Francisco. Riley's guiding emotions-- Joy, Fear, Anger, Disgust and Sadness--live in Headquarters, the control centre inside Riley's mind, where they help advise her through everyday life and tries to keep things positive, but the emotions conflict on how best to navigate a new city, house and school. When former getaway driver, Charlie Bronson jeopardises his Witness Protection Plan identity in order to help his girlfriend get to Los Angeles, the feds and Charlie's former gang chase them on the road. A brother and sister return to their family home in search of their world famous parents who have disappeared. After breaking out of a rehabilitation zoo, Frankie, a squirrel with all the angles, returns to his forest. He learns from his dim-witted best friend, Cody, a porcupine and street-con, that while he was in lock-up, the entire forest was picked clean by The A.C.O.R.N.S. Institute (Alternative Cosmetic Oils for Regenerative Natural Skin-care). No acorn was left behind. With winter just around the corner, it's a potentially devastating blow to all forest critters. So, Frankie has no choice but to bust into the brand new, state-of-the-art, rodent-proof A.C.O.R.N.S. Processing Plant and take back all of the acorns! Though a seemingly impossible heist, success would not only save the lives of his forest friends, but it would also give Frankie a chance to win back the love of his life, Lola, a local "show squirrel." Sadly, Lola has been burnt by too many of Frankie's false promises in the past. Aspiring college cheerleader, Cassie Stratford consumes an experimental drug that grants her beauty and enough athletic ability to make the cheer squad. The drug has an unforeseen side effect -- Cassie starts to grow and grow and grow!  A wealthy couple from the Pacific Palisades discovers homeless young lovers have moved into their home. The world top bodyguard gets a new client, a hit man who must testify at the International Court of Justice. They must put their differences aside and work together to make it to the trial on time. Hum Hai Raahi CAR Ke is the story of two friends who on one New Year's night decide to travel from Mumbai to Pune. But a trip that should only take a couple of hours ends up becoming an all-nighters, with wacky events keeping them on the road and preventing them from reaching their destination. The Gonzales family try hard to hold on to our beautiful Latino traditions of misogyny and homophobia when a tall, white, industrialist stranger appears, challenging their place in the exploitative food chain. The Czech romantic comedy hit "Love is Love" tells the story of Maruska, a blind girl and student at the Conservatory of Music who dreams of love and having a family despite her blindness. Her dream guy has curly blonde hair and blue eyes but she ends up falling in love with the dark eyed, swarthy Marek. Maruska lives with her overly protective grandfather whom is preocupied with his long-lost love. Maruska's neighbor and best friend is constantly struggling with his headstrong mother as she refuses to accept that her son is gay. She blames everyone else - even her husband - for her son's "deviation." The fate of all main characters is unexpectedly intertwined and told through humorous and touching situations laced with subtle irony and hyperbole. Just as in life, with its funny situations and difficult tests, unexpected revelations and surprising twists, all characters will experience times when they behave blindly and forget to listen to their hearts. Documentary following a troop of dancing dogs and their human handlers as they prepare to put on a unique one-night show. It has launched both purity balls and porn franchises, defines a young woman's morality-but has no medical definition. Enter the magical world of virginity, where a white wedding dress can restore a woman's innocence and replacement hymens can be purchased online. Filmmaker Therese Shechter uses her own path out of virginity to explore why our sex-crazed society cherishes this so-called precious gift. Along the way, we meet sex educators, virginity auctioneers, abstinence advocates, and young men and women who bare their tales of doing it-or not doing it. "How To Lose Your Virginity" uncovers the myths and misogyny surrounding a rite of passage that many obsesses about but few truly understand. Paris, 1911. When Da Vinci's painting "La Gioconda" is stolen from the Louvre museum, it is suspected that the authors of the audacious theft are members of a group of bohemian artists led by painter Pablo Ruiz Picasso and poet Guillaume Apollinaire.  A married man reaches the point where he questions everything: career, creativity and even his marriage. Hilarious complications and temptations arise when his wife invites her open-minded (and very sexy) yoga instructor to stay in the guest house while she's away on vacation with the kids. George Cabot Jr., the son of a department store owner, enrolls Kristina Nielsen, the store's sports clerk,  at a university to use her as an advertisement for their fashion department. She falls for Larry Taylor, a teacher, and gets expelled. After moving to a retirement home, restless talent manager Al reconnects with long-ago client Buddy and coaxes him back out on the comedy circuit. Two self-aware characters in a "Call of Duty" style video game struggle with their screwy, frustrating existence. After losing her job and learning that her husband has been unfaithful, a woman hits the road with her profane, hard-drinking grandmother. The epic conclusion of Season 20 is at our homebase, The Wrestle Factory! Headlined by two championship title bouts, "Tug of War" is the climactic battle that's been building all year long! Missile Assault Man looks to finally put a nail in the coffin of Hallowicked, and Still Life With Apricots And Pears emerges from the long shadow of BLANK. Mike Quackenbush's 25th Anniversary Tour opens the door for a unique match-up against fellow master of the mat, Thomas Santell! Plus: a rematch pitting Boomer Hatfield against Rory Gulak!  Ben, who dreamed of himself as a comic in New York, is back in Paris, his professional and emotional life in complete disarray. He encounters Alex, the star host of the Breakfast Club, a popular morning radio show. With Cyril, a forty-something who'd prefer not to be, and Arnold, the charismatic leader of the gang, they call the shots on Blast FM. In next to no time Ben is hired to write for them. He's barely joined the team when a tidal wave hits the station: Breakfast Club listenership is in free fall. They set out on a bus to travel to every corner of France to meet and win over their public once again. For these arrogant Parisians, a real journey of initiation arises from this radio-phonic road trip, shaking up all their certainties. Edgar thinks he finally has a plan that will force his lazy, mooching brother-in-law to get a job. First, Edgar has some friends help him to stage a fake heart attack. Then, while he is supposed to be recovering, he taps into a source of mystical will power to do the rest. Vanya, a young scientist, has spent all his life in a satellite town next to one of the biggest nuclear stations. Just like his parents, Vanya works at the nuclear station, but only because his girlfriend, Tanya, also works in the facility. When the ambitious Tanya decides to end their relationship, Vanya must find his resolve and steer himself to true love. Documentary about Bob and Kathy Burns, the goodwill ambassadors of science fiction film fandom. Simple people struggle through extraordinary circumstances. Sometimes the only answer to any problem is 'The world is funny so we have to laugh. Best man Pob's secret plan for a surprise stag do at a plush countryside brothel is thrown into jeopardy when the bride-to-be insists that they take her overbearing right wing father, The Judge, along for what she believes is a harmless camping trip.  Now the lads must find a way to ditch the no nonsense tyrant and make it t the 'Cock's Inn' by midnight or miss out on the Party of a lifetime. When Ross is diagnosed with terminal brain cancer and given six weeks to live, his newly engaged older brother Seth offers to spend his $50,000 wedding fund on a final trip of a lifetime. Their plans are complicated when Ross invites a call girl to join the group and Seth's uptight fiancee insists on tagging along. This raucous road trip comedy features hip-hop star Asher Roth. Fogi is enjoying his never ending puberty. But simultaneously Fogi is also trying to live up to his family duties and bring up Vena, his son from the first marriage. He did not get married again but lives with Jana, a post office employee. Together they have little Anicka and they all live in a flat in a small town. At first, Jana is trying to tolerate Fogi's moods, but her patience is running out. Fogi loses his job. On top of that he starts to see himself in his adolescent son and realizes with horror that Vena repeats his own mistakes. The first fights, bans and mutual misunderstandings are approaching. This film consists of alternating black and white frames. When the parents go on a date, JoJo (Lavelle Crawford) the manny drops the kids off at a relative's in South LA. The kids decide to take the bus back to Malibu. Hilarious kids adventure similiar to Home Alone except they want to go home alone. Winning your childhood sweetheart can create more problems than it solves. Tolik didn't succeed in life, sports career did not work, his wife left him. Unsuccessful, unloved, hopeless, he has lost faith in himself. All changes when he encounters a strange stranger Anna Ilinichna, who invites him to take part in an unusual marathon in faraway America. Harry is an industrialist who loves his daughter Bijlee, and the bond they share with Harry's man friday, Matru. Bijlee's plan to wed the son of a politician, however, brings twists and turns in the lives of Matru, Bijlee and Mandola. Fowl-mouthed villain Turkie carves through the likes of a rapping grandma, a mindless puppet, a wig-wearing inventor, a bisexual space worm, and their equally ridiculous friends on his quest to recover the last copy of "ThanksKilling 2". Also known as "Turkeys, In, Space!". Jenn and Matt are best friends from college who are now in their thirties. Single by choice, Jenn spends her days teaching hot yoga and running errands for her boss. Matt suffers from comic-book writer's block and can't get over his ex-boyfriend. They decide to fulfill a promise to have a child together... the old fashioned way. Can they navigate the serious and unexpected snags they hit as they attempt to get their careers and dating lives back on track in preparation for parenthood? 'Gayby' is an irreverent comedy about friendship, sex, loneliness, and the family you choose. At an ever-accelerating pace, this thriller / dark comedy tells the story of 8 very different groups whose paths cross in the space of 24 hours. We meet a wide range of characters - from spoiled rich brats to real bottom-feeding criminal scum, and everyone in-between. In the best traditions of Commedia dellarte, the characters each have easily recognizable roles Apart from a few simple houses, a bar, a gas station with a mini supermarket and a garbage dump, there really is nothing in rural Fulton County, Georgia. Introverted Joel works at the garbage dump where he sometimes finds a useful glass bottle or two, which he cleans up and takes home. Then, one day, he receives an unexpected phone call: his ex-wife has disappeared and it is now his responsibility to look after their son. Joel, about to meet his son for the very first time, has no idea how he is going to build a relationship with 10-year-old Will who also seems to live in a world of his own. Luckily for them, Clara, a bright girl from the neighbourhood, is on hand to help, and Will begins to open up to his father. But the youth welfare officer is already banging on the door. Director Jaron Albertin's directorial debut is a sensitive, slightly melancholic drama about two outsiders who discover a deep understanding of each other. Feature film from award-winning writer/director Patrik-Ian Polk, tells the story of five black Brown University classmate s- four gay men and one lesbian - reuniting in the Big Apple for a weekend of sin, fun, secrets, lies and drama. Set to the music of popular hit songs from the 1980s. A beautiful coastal village, present day Italy. After a whirlwind romance, Maddie is preparing to marry gorgeous Italian Raf, and has invited her sister Taylor to the wedding. Unbeknownst to Maddie, however, Raf is Taylor's ex-holiday flame, and the love of her life... Set in a university campus attached to a hospital, "Ikiterumono wa Inainoka" revolves around a girl who escapes from the hospital, a strange man, students who talk about an urban legend, students involved in a love triangle, coffee shop workers, men who witnessed an accident, an otolaryngologist who has a crush on a hospital employee, idol university students, a mother who looks for a child and suddenly the characters disappear. Laughing, the world comes to an end. An account of the days of First Lady, Jacqueline Kennedy, in the immediate aftermath of John F. Kennedy's assassination in 1963. A comedy about a fried seafood cooking competition. The 43rd Golden Scallop pits a food truck seeking redemption, an aging former champion and a well financed, novelty friendly fish house against each other in the truest test of short order cooking mettle. A white-trash mom is visited by three ghosts intent on showing her a path to a brighter future. Childhood memories play on the mind of the central character, Garry. Many years on, he returns to his native town. Everything feels alien and strange. Our hero comes back to recover his memories, the good ones and the bad ones, the pleasant ones and the painful ones. Will the old fortune-teller Nina, a well-known dream gatherer in the city, be able to set an already grownup man free of the chains of the past which had become unbearable by that time? Or will our hero, Garry alleviate her life by discovering his freedom? An animated short film produced by Pixar included as a bonus on the DVD edition of the 2004 feature film "The Incredibles." Mickey gives Minnie a canary for a present. Soon there are several little canaries; they get into the inkwell and fly around the house, making a mess, though it's nothing compared to the shambles Mickey makes of the house while chasing them. Edina and Patsy are still oozing glitz and glamor, living the high life they are accustomed to; shopping, drinking and clubbing their way around London's trendiest hot-spots. Blamed for a major incident at an uber fashionable launch party, they become entangled in a media storm and are relentlessly pursued by the paparazzi. Fleeing penniless to the glamorous playground of the super-rich, the French Riviera, they hatch a plan to make their escape permanent and live the high life forever more! Rahul embarks on a journey to a small town in Tamil Nadu to fulfill the last wish of his grandfather: to have his ashes immersed in the Holy water of Rameshwaram. En route, he meets a woman hailing from a unique family down South. As they find love through this journey in the exuberant lands of South India, an unanticipated drive awaits them. Since Charlie is no longer there, the lives of Boris, Elie, and Maxime have been torn apart. These three men, who have nothing in common, all shared one thing: their love for Charlie. One loved her like a sister, one loved her like the woman of his dreams, one loved her like a friend. Except that Charlie is dead and none of them - not Boris, an accomplished businessman, not Elie, a night owl scriptwriter, and not Maxime, still living at home with his mother - know how to deal with it. But because she asked them to do so, they abruptly decide to undertake a journey together, heading for Corsica and the house that Charlie loved so much. Except that here they are stuck in a car together for over 500 miles. It's going to be a long journey. Boris, Elie and Maxime, three men, three generations, no affinity. But by the time they arrive at their destination, they will have realized one majorly important thing: Charlie has changed their lives forever. Chulbul Pandey is transferred and promoted to Kanpur. He is happily married with Rajjo. Kanpur witness a lot of criminal activities daily and kidnapping, rape and murders are done in broad daylight. The main antagonist/villain is Baccha Bhaiyaa, politician and a strong contender for the upcoming elections and Chulbul Pandey sabotages his political image by revealing his immoral activities to the public, media and police force. Chulbul Pandey takes Baccha Bhaiya head on & remains 'Dabang' as always Written by Dhrumil Parekh  Salman Khan is back as Chulbul Pandey in Dabangg 2, the second adventure in one of the most successful franchises of all time in Indian cinema. In Dabangg 2, Chulbul Pandey has to battle the evil goon turned politician Baccha Bhaiyya. As he tries to strengthen his family ties with his father and brother. And romance his newly wed wife. And remain 'Dabangg' (fearless) no matter what. This is a family story that covers thirty years in the life of the Freytag family (narrated by the grandson, Robert). When his grandfather returns from Russia in 1949, he becomes part of the German "economic miracle" by producing garden gnomes. Klaus, Robert's father, wants to become a writer. He marries Gisela who almost immediately gets pregnant with Robert - but the marriage doesn't work. Both parents abandon the child, and Robert goes on living with both pairs of grand parents. While his father belongs to the 1968 generation that rebels against their fathers he falls in love with the neighbor's's daughter Laura. Ella and Friends second film adaptation After having broken up with his girlfriend and left his job, Simon has come back to his small hometown in the countryside, where he meets up again with his old friend Julien. The two thirty-year-old, unemployed and idle men decide to reinvest in an old dream from their teenage years: hitting the road for an adventurous journey. They buy a huge motor-home, but the trip is delayed by various troubles, and they decide to start their journey right where they are. Through this first motionless stage of their trip, Simon and Julien are confronted with themselves and what they wanted to run away from. Surprise parties rarely go well. This one is no different, as a group of 30-somethings head through life, love and a day in New York City. A hyper-repressed and schlubby accountant (Jonas Chernick) strikes a deal with a worldly but disorganized stripper (Emily Hampshire): he'll help her with her crushing debt if she helps him become a better lover. Sharp direction by the versatile Sean Garrity and a very funny script by Chernick ensure for an uproarious -- and surprisingly educational -- sex comedy. (TIFF) After two years hiding out in his Grandfather's retirement residence, Stock Burton is forced back into his small town where he must come to terms with the troubled past that led to his early retirement. Ranga (Sunil) leads a very happy and normal life with his family members. One day two men offer to Ranga to buy 30 acres so that later he could sell it at higher cost. Innocent Sunil who is under financial depths to be cleared in his locality area agrees for the offer. He sells his home which was kept for his younger sister marriage with his parents acceptance. The land which Ranga bought was present in the middle with each of 300 acres on either side belonging to Konda Reddy (Dev Gill) and Lala Goud (Pradeep Rawat) both of these are local dons in that village and would kill if any person tries to buy the 30 acres of land that is present in the middle. Ranga left his house and reaches the village to see his newly bought land, between he don't know the fact that he got cheated by buying that land which is under litigation. An actor in low-budget films called Willie Molina retires because he wants to practice his greatest hobby: hunting. One day in the mountains, accidentally shoots some young who walk beside the weed, wounding one of them. It's a small wound, but the man insists on bringing them home and heal properly, and incidentally to the girls spend the day at home. When they arrive they realize the wealth of man. The reality is that the girls pretend to be damsels in distress, using her charms to rob men like Willie. But when the man gagged, this manages to escape and start the real hunt there. Indifferent to the notion of inheriting his father's estate, a restless, aging New Yorker passes time with his friends in games of mock sincerity, irreverence, and recreational cruelty towards those around them. 44 year old Bastian quits his job to become an international rock'n'roll star. When a convoy of American soldiers disappears in the Mideast, a Special OPS team is deployed on a search and rescue mission. When they arrive they encounter monstrous over-sized scorpions, spiders and snakes that were created when a former government scientist opened a vortex into another dimension. Now, the team must figure out a way to close the wormhole - but can they close it in time? Aged, embittered widower, Fred learns to enjoy life thanks to his elderly yet vibrant neighbor, Elsa. Upon learning Elsa is terminally ill, Fred takes her to the Fontana di Trevi in Rome in order to reenact her favorite scene from 'La Dolce Vita'. A murder scene writer returns home to attend his father's funeral and begins to experience constant flashbacks of his childhood. He then discovers a secret door in the house that leads to a room that hides a horrifying secret from his family's past. After living a long and colorful life, Allan Karlsson finds himself stuck in a nursing home. On his 100th birthday, he leaps out a window and begins an unexpected journey. Shot in only nine takes, this sharp and inventive black comedy consistently transcends its formal constraints. A lonely composer commits suicide in his apartment in Belgrade. Alarmed by the gunshots, Aca and his neighbour Vesko arrive but decide to wait for the police. Soon other characters appear - an undertaker, paramedics and, eventually, the police, who have been stuck in traffic. The whole film is presented via a webcam set up by the composer before his death, with the characters entering the 'set' through a single entrance. Unaware of the camera catching their unguarded behaviour, the men struggle to remember the composer's name and admire his decor, wives come and go while the representatives of officialdom exhibit a blind indifference. Inspired by his own experience - a neighbour was found dead - director Miroslav Momcilovic has produced a compelling commentary on an absurd reality. Alex ist Anfang 30, smart und gut aussehend, und wickelt die Frauen reihenweise um den Finger, braust danach aber genauso schnell wieder in seinem Sportwagen davon. Feste Beziehungen kennt er nicht, Teamplay kommt in seinem Wortschatz nicht vor, und ,,Frauen verstehen" tun definitiv andere. Als seine diversen Gespielinnen gemeinsam Rache nehmen, kommt es zu einem erstaunlichen Ergebnis: Nach einem traumatischen Vorfall erwacht Alex in einer Welt, die nur von Frauen bevolkert ist. Schlimmer noch: Er selbst wird ebenfalls als Frau wahrgenommen. Und statt Sex wird lieber gekuschelt, Kinder bekommt man, wenn man sie sich ganz doll wunscht, es wird ganz viel geredet und kaum gestritten, alle nehmen Rucksicht aufeinander und schweben auf einer Wolke der Harmonie. Ausgerechnet jetzt entwickelt er fur eine Frau Gefuhle. Denn langsam aber sicher schleicht sich Paula in sein Herz. Doch wie nur soll er ihres erobern? Irgendwie muss er ihr zeigen, dass er mehr ist als ihre beste Freundin... How was it possible that a single man influenced contemporary world so significantly? This film is an attempt to capture the phenomenon of a common man's metamorphosis into a charismatic leader -- an attempt to see how a Gdansk shipyard electrician fighting for workers' rights awakened a hidden desire for freedom in millions of people. After ruthless gangsters wrongfully accuse him of stealing from them, a retired criminal has 24 hours to creep back into his past life and retrieve a bag of coke before his fiancee is killed. This feature length high definition documentary follows one of the Nation's most controversial yet progressive leaders, 2012 Presidential candidate and Former two-term Salt Lake City Mayor Rocky Anderson. When a dysfunctional group of unpublished writers accept Hannah into their fold, the last thing they expect is her overnight success. Can these lovable misfits achieve their artistic dreams and avoid killing one another in the process? Woody Woodpecker is back with his signature laugh, wacky antics and wisecracks in the first ever live-action/animated film. Woody must protect his forest home from Lance Walters (Timothy Omundson) who starts building his dream mansion in the forest with his son, Tommy and fiancee Vanessa (Thaila Ayala). To make matters worse, he must avoid the clutches of two grizzly poachers. With a series of crazy hijinks to sabotage their plans, Woody proves he'll stop at nothing to defend his turf. Get ready for big laughs in this hilarious comedy about everyone's favourite woodpecker! Taiwan in the year 2000, only thirteen years after the lifting of Marshall Law rule and still an unruly place referred to by many as the "Wild, Wild East," provides a perfect setting for The Taiwan Oyster. Masquerading as a bender road--movie, the darkly  comic film explores deep existentialist questions as the protagonists journey deeper and deeper into the Taiwanese countryside. Darin and Simon's quest for the perfect burial spot becomes a strange trip down Taiwan's picturesque East Coast Highway as they encounter the unique cultures of Taiwan, welcoming families, violent gangsters, and Nikita, another lost soul who joins their odyssey. Along the way, they explore the Southeast Asian ex-patriot experience, their own personal demons, and the universal questions that arise when one is confronted  with an untimely death. A young woman grieving the loss of her mother, a famous scream queen from the 1980s, finds herself pulled into the world of her mom's most famous movie. Reunited, the women must fight off the film's maniacal killer. A strong-willed young woman hires a student to impersonate a boorish French count and brings him home to meet her parents. Margaret's OCD is in overdrive thanks to being jilted by her fiance. She's forced to explore the root of this behavior when her estranged sister and niece show up on her doorstep. A comedy that affectionately pokes fun at men and their eternal quest for satisfaction. At last, a film about self-acceptance and renunciation. When ten-year-old Lewis is suddenly orphaned, he is sent to live with his Uncle Jonathan in a creaky (and creepy) old mansion with a mysterious ticking noise that emanates from the walls. Upon discovering that his uncle is a warlock, Lewis begins learning magic, but when he rebelliously resurrects an evil warlock he must find the secret of the house and save the world from destruction. Video game experts are recruited by the military to fight 1980s-era video game characters who've attacked New York. Steve Chong reunites his three estranged friends for one final weekend at a remote lake house. When the guys discover that Steve plans to kill himself, they scramble to keep him alive amidst the drunken chaos in this dark comedy of failure and friendship. Bypass Road is a 2019 Indian Hindi-language thriller-drama film directed by Naman Nitin Mukesh and written by Neil Nitin Mukesh. The film features Neil Nitin Mukesh, Adah Sharma and Shama Sikander in lead roles. The movie is produced by Neil Nitin Mukesh in association with Miraj Group. The film was released theatrically on 8 November 2019. Force Majeure (Uncontrollable Circumstances) begins with a drug deal involving tourists Phillipe (Patrick Bruel) and Daniel (Francois Cluzet), and a Dutch stranger. Two years pass: the Dutchman has been arrested in an unspecified Asian country, where the penalty for drug trafficking is death. Phillipe and Daniel agree to admit that the hashish partly belongs to them, which will reduce the Dutchman's sentence, but also subject the twosome to a prison sentence themselves. Malcolm Forrest (Alan Bates), a representative of Amnesty International, does what he can to aid all three of the unfortunate young men. Force Majeure was co-written by Michele De Broca, wife of director Philippe De Broca. Welcome to adulthood! When two early-30s couples celebrate their last annual Halloween party in New York, they are confronted with sex, lies, and unspoken drama which tests their relationships and futures. A little boy thinks of nothing but cricket. His father, Rusy, thinks of nothing but his little boy. To fulfill his sons dream of playing at Lords cricket ground, the honest and upright Rusy takes a reckless step. He borrows a gleaming red Ferrari. Just for one hour. The only trouble-- he doesnt inform the cars legendary owner. A wild, breathless, bumpy ride begins. A naive Rusy must dodge bullets and bouncers for one unforgettable night, and play the role of a perfect father. Can he do it?  Ferrari Ki Sawaari is a fun-filled story of small guys and their big dreams and how these dreams turn into a mad comedy of errors.  Fasten your seatbelts. The joyride awaits Brilliant but insecure, young Ryan has 24 hours to save the store he hates in order to win the heart of the girl he loves. Mexico's half-forgotten B-movie master, "involuntary surrealist" Juan Orol (1897-1988), receives a pitch-perfect tribute in this deft, irresistible love letter to a self-made man of showbiz whose career spanned half a century and nearly 60 films. Abetted by an all-pro cast, del Amo's brilliant interpretation of Orol's life exudes a droll underdog charm, and almost every frame is an infectious homage to the golden age of cinema, the wiles of memory, and the art of fantasy. Student Mizuki Sakurazaka looks like a boy and is treated like a prince at her all female Seinoibara High School. She also leads the all girl rock band Burauerozen. They regularly perform at a venue that allows only women. Akira Shiraishi is a student at the all male Kaizan High School. He's treated like a princess at his school because of his feminine face. Akira then sneaks in to watch Burauerozen. He confesses his love to Mizuki... Based on the hit web series of the same name, the science fiction/adventure/comedy, Angry Video Game Nerd: The Movie, follows a disgruntled gamer who must overcome his fear of the worst video game of all time in order to save his fans. Hilarity ensues as a simple road trip becomes an extravagant pursuit of the unexpected. Shakespeare, dance and world music! A theater company rehearses Macbeth. A film crew documents their every move. The drama of the play interweaves with the drama of the making of the film. It's unlike any version of Macbeth you have ever seen. Based on the anthology manga of the same name. Tom and Eloise meet in inauspicious circumstances, trapped in a stuck lift after Eloise has Tom fired. Nevertheless, sparks fly. 5 years later, they have broken up and Eloise is going back to France. Tom has 45 minutes to win her back. Jake Carter and another former Marine, Luke Trapper, join forces to rescue a kidnapped girl from a gang of international criminals. In this mockumentary spoof of Elvis theories, Elvis has been FOUND ALIVE! After visiting Graceland, a Freedom of Information Act request is made for US government files on Elvis Presley. Incredibly, documents arrived from the FBI revealing an address for Federal Agent "Jon Burrows," Elvis' 1970's alias, in Simi Valley, California. Go, Masao! describes the relationship between people and their dogs. Comedian Hideki Matsumoto and a labrador retriever named Masao are selected to appear on the travel corner segment of a TV animal program. Until Hideki Matsumoto and the labrador retriever Masao become popular, they help each other. Sasaki has had a difficult period, going through a divorce and losing his job. To take a break and start anew, Sasaki decides to visit Iriomote Island. While there, Sasaki's belongings are stolen by four homeless men. Sasaki then lives with three other people: a survivalist, a city man and a girl who speaks Kansai dialect. One day, Sasaki hears news about the four homeless men and decides to get revenge ... Three juvenile-delinquents launch a reign of terror upon those who witnessed a deadly auto accident in this exploitation drama. 4 years, 3 continents, 2 friends, 1 dream, and no script. Maya, a 40-year-old woman struggling with frustrations from unfulfilled dreams. Until that is, she gets the chance to prove to Madison Avenue that street smarts are as valuable as book smarts, and that it is never too late for a second act. The clumsy and unfunny clown Richard "Stitches" Grindle entertains at the 10th birthday party of little Tom, but the boy and his friends play a prank with Stitches, tying his shoelaces. Stitches slips, falls and dies. Six years later, Tom gives a birthday party for his friends at home, but Stitches revives to haunt the teenagers and revenge his death. In this offbeat coming-of-age tale, a charming, rebellious high school dropout named Kanta befriends the kind, provincial Shoji. The two bring out the best in each other, each gaining confidence from their friendship - especially regarding pursuit of the opposite sex. The working class Kanta becomes a sort of unruly anti-hero, maintaining his pride, defiance, and self-assurance even as his prospects seem increasingly grim. (Chicago International Film Festival) Mauro, Noel and Broco have been an inseparable group of friends since grade school. All grown up, their lives are not what they hoped they would be. Life has become so routine that they do nothing more than wait for the weekends to drink themselves into oblivion. One night, a chance encounter leads the group on a wild and deadly chase from Santiago's most dangerous crime boss... Forced to make increasingly risky decisions, their frantic, adrenaline fueled desperation brings them closer to a violent, life-changing end where the friendship will be changed forever. Set in 1952, as England prepares for the coronation, The Scapegoat tells the story of two very different men who have one thing in common - a face. Thursday morning, Jerusalem. Nira goes to work. Ahmad in London does the same, Ralf in Cologne and a priest in Prague too. Matija, Croat, goes to work as well. Ok, he doesn't, but he acts as if he does. Ahmad is taking his routine red bus journey. Out-of-breath young man comes in and interrupts it. Schoolteacher Nira is also interrupted - her pupil jumps out and performs a love rap song he wrote for her. The priest in Prague doesn't feel like singing today, he is in the mood for (over)sleeping instead. Someone falls asleep, someone else - Ralf - falls in love. All five mentioned above are listening to the top-news about the disappearance of bees. And trying their best, each one of them in his or her own 'hive': Zagreb, Jerusalem, London, Cologne, Prague... In 1945, the members of P.I.A. (Paranormal Investigation Agency) landed in Nazi Germany and defeated Hitler and his evil scheme to unleash genetically engineered man-monsters on the world. What they didn't know was that Hitler's right-hand assistant, retained a vial of his DNA! Now she plans to bring him and his creatures back and start the Fourth Reich. Only Teen Ape and his new team can save the world from doom! Some rogue agents in Australia's Border Protection Sqaud start to care more about the ratings of their reality show than what's actually being smuggled into the country. So when viewing figures begin to plummett they hatch a plan to win viewers back by placing a BPS officer undercover with drug traffickers. It goes bad when he switches sides and becomes a drug traffiker. Now they need to bring him in before they are exposed or even worse, their show is cancelled. In a quaint village of Haryana lives Miny, a free-spirited tomboy who instantly wins your heart with her bubbly personality. Her father, Bhatti, runs an auto-rickshaw business and is adamant to marry her off against her liking to Sunny. The male protagonist Viren, is a humble and ambitious rickshaw driver working for Miny's father. Bhatti, insecure about Viren's success, sells of all the rickshaws where Viren had carefully stashed his life savings. In an attempt to recover his money from Bhatti, Viren storms into Miny's engagement with fury. This gives Miny the perfect opportunity to escape her marriage and so she stages a kidnap. However, the kidnap goes all wrong and she and Viren land up in Viren's family mansion. Eventually, Miny's father arrives with the ransom that she had asked for and takes her back home. Back in Punjab, while she is being married off to Sunny... Earl Stone, a man in his eighties, is broke, alone, and facing foreclosure of his business when he is offered a job that simply requires him to drive. Easy enough, but, unbeknownst to Earl, he's just signed on as a drug courier for a Mexican cartel. He does so well that his cargo increases exponentially, and Earl hit the radar of hard-charging DEA agent Colin Bates. "Good Morning Everyone!" revolves around a family involved in the punk music scene.  Aki (Kumiko Aso) is a former guitarist for a punk band. She became pregnant and gave birth to a daughter named Hatsuki (Ayaka Miyoshi). The mother and daughter live together happily, but they do have different personalities. A man named Yagu (Yo Oizumi]) then enters their life. He is an ex-member of the punk band that Aki played with. Yagu has feelings for Aki. A comedy centered on a sexually adventurous young woman who is trying to be the perfect wife, mother, and lover. Life's A Breeze tells the story of a family as they search for a lost fortune around the streets of Dublin. An honest, brutal and sometimes humorous account of one man's experiment to push his body to its absolute size limit via weight lifting, food and steroids. Summer war games between the neighborhood kids turns deadly serious when jealousy and betrayal enter the mix, in this alternately hilarious and horrifying black comedy that mixes equal parts Lord of the Flies and Roald Dahl.  Adult film editor, Belinda Brimhouse, quits working for her perverted boss, and tries to produce a movie on her own. Comedy musician Ray Stevens is working on his latest comedy music video when he is pressured by a maniacal Record Company Executive to cut out the Comedy and "Get Serious". It's a fun-filled hilarious romp through a bad dream that starts when Ray slips on a banana peel and all kinds of monkey business ensues. A man makes a career change into the fashion industry. A group of college nerds secretly record a washed up celebrity having sex and post the tape on the internet. When the publicity revives the actress's career, every B-list celebrity, reality show reject, and celebutante in Hollywood want to star in the guys next "production." A live-in aide adjusts to life with the family who employ her. An alliance of evil-doers, led by Frieda, looks to take over Fairy Tale Land. But when Ella realizes her stepmother is out to ruin her storybook existence, she takes a dramatic turn and blossoms into the leader of the resistance effort.  The Documentary takes an unconventional journey through the life of one of America's most original comedic voices. Eddie Pepitone, "The Bitter Buddha", is looked at in this portrait of creativity, enlightenment and rage. Three couples trying to spice up their marriages go on a retreat run by a sexy psychologist and her handsome husband at a tranquil Malibu estate. Encouraged to share their most innermost feelings, the fun begins when secrets are revealed and hearts are challenged. How far will each couple go to save their marriage? (Redbox.com) In the film, Sreenivasan reprises the character of Superstar Saroj Kumar from the popular 2005 malayalam film Udayananu Tharam. The story of a young man disillusioned by love who meets a breathtaking young woman at a charity dinner by pretending to be a philanthropist. Turns out that she's engaged to a guy who doesn't like her going on dates. Challenged by the chase, and egged on by his eclectic friends, he feigns a platonic relationship in order to keep seeing her as he tries to conquer her heart Alberto owns an advertising agency. On January 1, 2006, without knowing why, he do not know off the bed. The next day either, or the next week or the next 5 years. Ulises is a friendly, aspiring actor with big dreams, who also has a weight problem and a compulsive eating habit. In a world where image is paramount, Ulises will do whatever it takes to climb out of the infomercial doldrums. His plans are shaken when he runs into Carolina, his childhood sweetheart, who has grown up to become a stunning, successful businesswoman. Determined to win her heart, Ulises decides to lose weight and earn big bucks, with the help of his best friend, El Charal, a carefree, charismatic kid from the wrong side of the tracks, whose big dream is to be on TV. Ulises, El Charal, and Carolina face hilarious situations and some tough lessons in this riotous romantic comedy. Sloane and her boyfriend Barrett return to her childhood home determined to ruin her father Roan's re-marriage. Family secrets surface and give rise to a puzzling future. Malcolm and Sofia, two determined teens from the Bronx, are the ultimate graffiti-writers. When a rival gang buffs their latest masterpiece, they must hatch a plan to get revenge by tagging an iconic NYC landmark, but they need to raise $500 to pull off their spectacular scheme. Over the course of two whirlwind, sun-soaked summer days, Malcolm and Sofia travel on an epic urban adventure involving black market spray cans, illicit bodegas, stolen sneakers, a high stakes heist, and a beautiful, stoned girl whose necklace is literally their key to becoming the biggest writers in the City. Kevin must go to Hawaii to attend the wedding of his big sister. The day before the wedding he goes on a misadventure with his future brother in law and his crazy groomsmen that changes his life. Bepstein is 27-year-old musician from Baltimore, MD who feels like he's 'still 14.' He sets out on a challenge to write and record a song a day for 30 days. No one is more committed than Bepstein is to doing things purely for the fun of them--playing kickball, riding roller coasters, eating pizza, playing punk rock. He'll stay awake for days (literally) just to make sure he gets to experience as much 'awesomeness' as possible. The songs form the backbone of the narrative, which tracks the darker side of his inability to grow up, his struggle to fit into a punk community, and to hold onto his friends and maximum summer. Curtis King, a handsome and popular student athlete, may know his way around the court, but his heart still needs a game plan. When he decides to keep a journal to give his life a new direction, the path leads him straight to the love he needed most. Author P.L. Travers travels from London to Hollywood as Walt Disney Pictures adapts her novel Mary Poppins for the big screen.  It's Christmas Eve, and a soon-to-be-shit-canned maintenance gopher (Dan Palmer) is changing light bulbs and cleaning toilets instead of drinking egg nog and making out with drunk receptionists at the annual office party. Unfortunately for this forlorn floor-sweeper, he chooses to use the ladies restroom the very second a zombie outbreak occurs! Will he bowl us over and flush away the undead or (like in his pre-apocalypse life) simply remain ...Stalled? After Tanu and Manu's marriage breaks apart, the latter finds himself smitten by Datto, a lookalike of his ex-wife. But the estranged couple's feelings begin to spark again. When her idolized twin sister Audrey dies in a car accident, Laurel decides to take her place. But, as she eases into the life she has always wanted, she must decide between continuing the lie or revealing herself. After an extremely regrettable one night stand, two strangers wake up to find themselves snowed in after sleeping through a blizzard that put all of Manhattan on ice. They're now trapped together in a tiny apartment, forced to get to know each other way more than any one night stand should. Set in the midst of the 2009 housing crisis, the life of Cassie Fowler, a single mother and struggling realtor, goes off the rails when she witnesses a murder. A debauched Hollywood movie actor tries to piece together one wild night in Miami years earlier which remains a drug-induced blur, and soon finds out that some questions about his past are best left unanswered. Two best friends set out to rescue their pal after he's accidentally dragged to hell. A boxer from berlin gets involved in several schemes. When trouble mounts, he relocates to Turkey. Tekin (Tolga Cevik) and retired traffic police deputy Ismail (Koksal Enger), to find a girl who lost their lives at the expense of any kind of danger afford. An ordinary story that started in pursuit of the missing girl case, reckoning, game turns into an adventure game in which the arrival. Who is to blame innocent who is confused. Our sleuth has a single error, then use their own methods. The adventures of a noble pirate in his attempt to regain his lost throne and his love for Lady Mariana. A drug deal gone wrong; a passionate blackmail that turned violent; and a kidnapping with the two worst kidnappers in the world.  In Host, Missouri, the newcomer Dr. of Veterinary Science Eli Rudkus is called by the farmer Jacob Long to exam one of his cows. The veterinarian finds a strange parasite in the animal and sends it to a friend in the Department of Agriculture for research. Later, he finds the same parasite in a creek and he summons the population for a meeting, warning that the cause might be the animal food. However, Fletcher Odermatt, the wealthy owner of the local Host Tender Meals that has been providing free animal food for the farmers, brings his lawyer Hayley Anderson and discredits Eli. When a huge mutant parasite attacks Eli and Jacob, they discover that the meals are actually an experimental genetic cocktail that is growing parasites inside the cattle and people. Written by Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil PITY PARTY follows twenty-nine-year-old Liza, as she begins to experience an emotional breakdown. She has the perfect guy, the perfect home, the perfect body, and - friends. Liza's life is #blessed. Regan and Kennedy, Liza's childhood frenemies, annoyed by her incessant whining convince Liza that she should throw a "positivity party" for New Years. Out with the old, and in with the new. Besides, the mysterious virus breakout is only happening in China. What have they got to worry about? Child abuse, drug abuse, adolescent masturbation, self pity, heartache, redemption and how to dispose of a soiled sock if you happen to be locked inside of a bathroom.  Serial killer Countess Elizabeth Bathory believed that bathing in virgin blood would keep her young and beautiful forever. Still alive today, she's found a perfect hunting ground for her "botox" as an abstinence educator in conservative America...but will she finally be stopped by a brave young blogger and reporter for the high school paper? Double Down Live is a 2 DVD set from ZZ Top combining shows from 1980 and 2008. Disc one was filmed at the Grugahalle in Essen, Germany for the Rockpalast TV series. Hot on the heels of their classic "Deguello" album (it features 9 of the 10 songs from it) the show finds ZZ Top before sequencers and synthesizers epitomizing their "lil' ol' blues band from Texas" nickname. Complimented by tracks drawn predominantly from their "Tres Hombres" and "Fandango!" albums this is a true best of ZZ Top in the seventies. Disc Two was shot during their European tour in 2008 and combines great live performances, interview clips and back stage footage to create the ultimate ZZ Top on the road movie. With nearly 30 years between the performances the two disc set gives a fascinating "then and now" insight into what has maintained the ZZ Top live phenomenon. "Jidin Sengal" is described as a rom-com that focuses on the 'glamour world' that is enjoyed by extras in the Malaysian film industry who are all trying to make it big. As a child, Jidin loved the performing arts and he was close to a girl called Piah. However they couldn't be together and as an adult, Jidin always thought of her. One day, Jidin goes to the city to try and seek her out and instead meets Bob Dobot, a veteran film extra. Bob takes Jidin under his wing and with the help of a hip-hop artiste wannabe from Terengganu called Jay-Z, they finally get a crack at a movie. On the set of the movie, Jidin meets a girl similar to Piah, called Amy. Ahmad Idham's local comedy sees four friends, Ajis, Ben, Yaya and Diana, who are assigned to hike into an abandoned cave, Gua Bewah, in order to study the history of the place as their final year project for college. However, to complete the assignment they would need to help of a fifth member, which they find in the mysterious and gothic external student Marsha. Marsha reveals that she can guide them to an area of the cave that no modern human has ever entered. However, the group does not count on the various supernatural happenings that they have to face once they are there... Reanna has issues with men when it comes to love and relationships. Her principles are simply; that love only brings sorrow and that all men are useless. This perception leads Reanna to date guys for not more than 3 dates, then she leaves them for good and cuts all forms of contact. Her fun manages to keep her occupied for awhile, that is until she meets Mikhail, a guy that might just prove Reanna's 'men theory' wrong. Shuhaimi Abdullah/Tong and his brother-in-law, Pairot just arrived at the airport. They were caught and were interrogated by Interpol. The Interpol suspected that they are involved with Thai gangsters. Here, Shuhaimi tells us the story that his brother in law just out of jail. Pairot is back to living a normal life running a restaurant with his brother-in-law, Tong. However one day he gets a call to do one last job to steal some client information details from a credit card company "Nongkrong" features three different men named Aman (Angah), Bada (Sam) and Cumi (Epy) who try to obtain riches through lazy means, by buying lottery numbers. Cumi is desperate to propose to his longtime girlfriend, Lin (Nuremy) while Bada and Aman just want to change their families' lives for the better. The three then decide to meet a Malay shaman in order to obtain winning lottery numbers. The shaman summons a beautiful sea princess to help them, on the condition that Bada weds the princess. However, when the princess transforms into a hideous creature on the day of their wedding, the three of them turn tail and run, and so the chase begins... Between fear of success and a tricky break-up, Ludovic is beyond all hope as he is getting close to the 30's stage. His unexpected meeting with a sick child, Raphael, shakes up his daily life and his future approach. Together, they go after their dreams...  When he can no longer take being invisible to the world and his dream girl, Bert finds a way out of his old life and into a new body. 'BERT the emotion picture' is a surreal tale about the nature of love and superficiality. Fighter Pilot: Operation Red Flag follows American F-15 Eagle pilot John Stratton as he trains with some of the world's best pilots. The movie depicts Stratton's progression through the challenging and dangerous exercises of Operation Red Flag, the international training program for air forces of allied countries. When Eric and Marsha break off their long-term relationship, journalist Eric is able to weather it pretty well. He still has his long time canine companion Gabe, and his boss, Ms Andrews, wants to send him to London to open an office. But first Ms Andrews says Eric must find out the true identity of the best-selling author R L Dutton. A bigger obstacle for Eric's trip, however, comes from his dog. Gabe does not want to face six months in quarantine with big pit bulls and mastiffs waiting for an OK to the UK. Getting ideas from a pretty TV host, Gabe acts as Cupid Dog, doing his best to bring Eric and their neighbor Sara together. Gabe's plan works, only to go up in smoke when Eric realizes Sara is the mysterious author. Now Sara thinks Eric was just using her for a story before leaving for London. Gabe the Cupid Dog must go to new lengths to get Sara and Eric to tie the "leash." With dreams of becoming a successful entrepreneur just like his beloved Richard Branson, Lemon bids farewell to his hometown of Leeds and heads for the capital. When he becomes an overnight billionaire, it seems everything is going his way, but it's not long before he discovers that life can be just as cruel as it is kind. RICHARD'S WEDDING is an ensemble comedy that explores how the most enduring friendships require a mixture of envy, love and ridiculous egomania disguised as self-contempt. Alex and Tuna are on their way to Richard and Phoebe's wedding, to be reunited with a group of old friends. As they make their trek from Brooklyn to Central Park, they're joined by an ever-increasing number of friends with their own set of misgivings, self-righteousness, and violently annoying iPhone Apps. First-year acting student Stanley mines his girlfriend's family scandal as material for the end-of-year show at drama school. The result is a moral minefield. A Korean zombie coming-of-age story. Convenience store clerk/film student Mu-Young, gets a chance to make his first movie, a zombie melodrama. The dream project turns into a nightmare. Everything that can go wrong, does. Barely surviving his disastrous shoot, he comes to realize making a movie is like love, you can't do it alone. A movie for people who love movie making, making love and zombies.  A single credit card grabs the attention of many. Who will get it? Two young friends discover a dream recording machine and start making money out of it. Meanwhile, a man discovers that the screenwriter of his life is dead, and therefore, nothing is going on in his life. The story of a professional photographer Hamed Aban and the radical change in his life. The teacher of his son gives him a book about nature and the cleaning of it. This changes him radically. He goes and hires himself in the municipality, wearing the orange suit like them and cleaning the streets, collecting garbage. Meanwhile his wife who is in Europe back home and is very angry with him. She insists on him to get back to his former work but he refusing. Then she wants a divorce and to take the son with herself to Europe. Widowed Welsh mother Anna Loenowens becomes a governess and English tutor to the wives and many children of the stubborn King Mongkut of Siam. Anna and the King have a clash of personalities as she works to teach the royal family about the English language, customs and etiquette, and rushes to prepare a party for a group of European diplomats who must change their opinions about the King. A cop and a crook are exposed to a DNA altering formula that switches them into each other's bodies and forces them to work together in order to switch back. When he discovers that an Indian casino is about to be built over the town's historic battlefield, Chase Revere, the self-appointed protector of a small town's rather meager place in American history, joins forces with sexy but dangerous town siren Lucy Shanks to launch an all-out offensive against the project - earning the wrath of the entire town. A recent college graduate and his friends are forced to lower life expectations when they leave school for the real world. Life after college graduation is not exactly going as planned for Will and Jillian who find themselves lost in a sea of increasingly strange jobs. But with help from their family, friends and coworkers they soon discover that the most important (and hilarious) adventures are the ones that we don't see coming. Welcome to the monotonous, oppressive modern American byproduct of suburban sprawl: the urban strip-mall. Native to this environment and products of outdated pop culture are Rob (Mark Greenfield) and Manny (Coolio), the unsuccessful, unrefined and uncouth sales force behind Affordable Mattress. When new employee Isabelle (Rocio Verdejo) is hired in hopes of improving dismal sales, some things do change and after recruiting fellow strip-mall burnout Martin (C. Clayton Blackwell), she's got everyone working together to split a common goal - 200,000 dollars. After a harsh breakup, indie musician Goh Nakamura hits the road to pursue a promising rebound. The whole "zombie thing" has been hyped up so much that everyone thinks it's the end of the world! Of course, where one man sees the dead rising from the grave, another sees opportunity. Q had a plan: drive the robbery getaway van, deliver everyone to the safe house and get paid - a nice, simple, plan. Unfortunately, life is never really that simple, and to top it all off, this is the first time Q has been a getaway driver. He's coping pretty well though, considering; TONY (the guy who is 'in charge' of the job) is a murderous nut case, DANNY was shot and is now bleeding all over the money in the back of the van, the Sat-Nav has a mind of its own, there's a guy in the back living up to his name "CRAZY STEVE", the safe-house already has police at it, and this whole "zombie thing" seems to be quickly becoming more of a "zombie apocalypse thing"... A comedy centered on a failed American writer who enters into an affair after a chance encounter with a European dancer. A romantic story about a perfect guy who lacks the courage to approach girls, a new flight attendant with very high standards for boys, and two friends who make a living by setting up a love confession business on the Internet. Christmas is approaching, and Paul's adopted sister Alana is coming home for the holidays. This won't be just a regular family celebration, as she's recently engaged and the weekend will be spent planning her June wedding with her best friends Roy and Vicki. Problem is that Roy is Paul's ex-boyfriend, and the two young men haven't seen each other since their very messy breakup. Nervous about seeing his ex again, Roy talks his good friend Gavin into joining him for the weekend, and pretending to be his new boyfriend. When Paul and Gavin meet, sparks of attraction fly, but Gavin thinks Roy's still hung up on Paul. This charming romantic comedy is a funny look at family bonds, misunderstandings and the "perfect wedding Dating in the age of social networking. Over this long hot summer, Claude and Isabelle get their marriage back on track, while Bibou and Simon, spend a memorable summer discovering the world of grown-ups. The Forbidden Four is an anthology constructed from four shorts. The framing story concerns a struggling novelist named Tim who has only a day or so to get over his writer's block and finish his novel. His friend recommends an isolated cabin where Tim will be alone with nothing except a reading lamp and his laptop. And an alien demonic lobster, which promptly slices the top off Tim's skull, removes his brain, and plugs its feelers into his frontal lobe. The lobster then proceeds to inject four stories directly into the brain which somehow help the lobotomised Tim to finish his novel.  In this sexy, silly spoof of "The Da Vinci Code" and Hispanic stereotypes, a code hidden in the murals adorning the barrio holds the key to a powerful weapon, and everyone from a hyper crime kingpin to a documentary film crew is searching for it. Anil decides to look for his friend Hari who has been missing since seven years. When he finally locates him in Punjab, Hari claims that he is Harinder Singh and has no connection with Kerala. The film will focus before the birth of the twins. It was a set-up arranged marriage for their father Don Luisito Go Dong Hae played by Ariel Ureta to a lady with Korean Sang Kang Kang played by Alodia Gosiengfiao. Go Dong Hae refuses to marry and chose Kimmy and Dora's mother as his wife. In the present, an unexpected ghost is surfacing the family's lives and they found out that Sang Kang Kang that is supposed to be married by their father was already dead and they need to quest for the tranquility of their lives by travelling all the way to South Korea.[4] As Kimmy and Dora accepts the proposals of their boyfriends played by Zanjoe Marudo and Dingdong Dantes, strange things began to happen leading their boyfriends and their father in a comatose condition. Sang Kang Kang is back for revenge, and Kimmy and Dora are trying every possible solution to fight against the revenge ghost. Left reeling by his latest catastrophic breakup, Dylan retreats to Minnesota for a family reunion featuring firearms, heavy metal and unwelcome questions. Amongst the throng of relatives, he discovers Sarah, the childhood crush he hasn't seen since her family decamped to a religious compound. Could she prove to be the perpetually heartbroken Dylan's salvation or will their emotional scars fail to align? Comedy Tour stars six comics, a Muslim, Christian, Jew, Hindu, Buddhist and atheist, trying to coexist. Young assassins Azumi and Nagara continue their mission to prevent a civil war. In their hunt for Masayuki Sanada, who is protected by both an army and a dangerous clan, they meet Ginkaku, a person who shows a remarking resemblance with former friend Nachi. THE TOUCHSTONE is a teen comedy about a student on a high school field trip who uncovers a relic that makes whoever has it irresistible to virgins, and the disastrous consequences that occur when he and his friends try to use it to get the girls of their dreams. Camelot is closed, King Arthur is dead and the Round Table is no more. Trainee knights GILBERT (a highly-strung hypochondriac) and EDGAR (an up-beat Christian) find themselves wandering the land in the company of a MYSTERIOUS KNIGHT in search of money, adventure and comfortable underwear. When the mysterious knight dies (mysteriously) Gilbert and Edgar find themselves in possession of a letter addressed to him from a certain KING KENDRICK, entreating him to help rescue his recently kidnapped daughter KATRINA. The letter comes with a bag of gold. Gilbert and Edgar act at once... they spend the gold. One pair of pants and a saint's kneecap later, the two knights are once again on their uppers. Whilst drowning their sorrows in a village grog shack, however, the two men get wind of an employment opportunity in the local castle of KING VINCENT of Essex. They make their way to the castle and are immediately hired as security guards... Josh and Buddy move from basketball to American football in this first of several sequels to the original Air Bud.  After a terrible accident leaves Goldman Andrews scarred for life, he spends the next eight years as a recluse living vicariously through reality TV. His wealthy parents come up with the idea of producing a fake reality dating show so that Goldman can pick his wife. Nine women fly to France looking for love and adventure. As private information about their lives is revealed, Goldman narrows down his choice for a wife. The "elimination process" is about to begin. In a harsh and mountainous landscape, at an abandoned station called Tang Haft, Hassan is responsible for transportation of people with a suspended cabin-like device called Gargar over a roaring and wide river. This is an opportunity for Hassan to know people and be witness to their life stories, loves, happy times and sad times. Unexpected events reveal new truths about his only friend, a young peddler known as Angelic Asghar. A young girl is being haunted by a ghost spirit, in the shape of a clown, while babysitting. Neli (55) goes to Bucharest for a few days, while Dan, her 17 year old son is left home alone. On her return, her neighbor friends rush into welcoming her and delurking into the smallest detail, spicy aspects of the party that Dan organized in her absence. Soon after, Neli 's meeting with Dan creates a different perspective on what she thinks she knows about her friends from the block.  As playwright Victor and director Jessica Mitchum venture into their new dark musical, "Apocalypse Tomorrow" (inspired by Leadbelly's "Goodnight Irene") they suddenly find themselves seduced by an underworld that is being created to preserve the few. WAY DOWN IN CHINATOWN is a surrealistic horror film in the same vein as "Eraserhead" and "The Rocky Horror Picture Show."  Die-hard fans of the 1980s, Vincent and Antoine run a company that supplies doubles of faded stars throughout the whole of France. What starts out as a promising business venture ends up as a calamity when Vincent and Antoine have over forty engagements booked but no one to attend them. They then have a brainwave. Why not get in touch with the real stars of the 1980s and persuade them to make a comeback? Why make do with an imitation when you can have the real McCoy? A father who runs a marriage bureau believes that his son is a failure in life. In order to prove him wrong, his son takes on the task of finding a match for a gangster's sister. Grieving young widower Santiago convinces his landlord - a disgraced biochemist with a serious hygiene problem - to help him clone his dead wife, using their female housemate as a surrogate mother.  A group of bad cops look to dispose of a body that one of them accidentally shot. When it comes to women, playboy Mike has all the right moves. So when Mike's buddies  ask for advice on how to reconnect with their wives, Mike figures he'll share some secrets and help the guys regain their marriage mojo. But when Mike's lessons start backfiring with hilarious results, it takes a beautiful, no-nonsense friend to show Mike he still has a thing or two to learn about relationships. The birth of modern stand-up comedy began in the Catskill Mountains - a boot camp for the greatest generation of Jewish-American Comedians. An unwavering lawyer battles against the lies and deception of a corrupt police department to expose the truth behind the suspicious death of a young man. The story of journalist, Edward R Murrow's stand against Senator McCarthy's anti-communist witch-hunts in the early 1950s. Naa Ishtam is a 2012 Telugu-language film directed by Prakash Toleti which features Rana Daggubati and Genelia D'Souza in the lead roles Four Russian friends come from Moscow to Las Vegas to get 5 million dollars they've won in lottery. But everything goes wrong, when they discover that someone stole their winning ticket. Set in 1920s Shanghai, Ma Zouri and Xiang Feitian establish a notorious beauty pageant called the Flowers Competition. All of the city's elite attend the gala event, but when Wanyan Ying unexpectedly wins, it sets into motion a series of tragic events that change their destinies. The familiar story of Lieutenant Bligh, whose cruelty leads to a mutiny on his ship. This version follows both the efforts of Fletcher Christian to get his men beyond the reach of British retribution, and the epic voyage of Lieutenant Bligh to get his loyalists safely to East Timor in a tiny lifeboat. Certain electromagnetic frequencies can cause mental disruption in human beings... and now someone has decided to put that to the test on the people of a small town. Used as guinea pigs, the citizens find their lives turned upside down in a terrifying nightmare that will haunt your mind long after the chilling climax. A university freshman stumbles into online fame after a botched suicide attempt goes viral. After being discharged from the Army, Brian Flanagan moves back to Queens and takes a job in a bar run by Doug Coughlin, who teaches Brian the fine art of bar-tending. Brian quickly becomes a patron favorite with his flashy drink-mixing style, and Brian adopts his mentor's cynical philosophy on life and goes for the money. Tang Wei plays Jiajia, a young woman in Beijing who lives a luxurious life provided by her wealthy boyfriend. When Jiajia got pregnant, she goes to the United States, hoping that the baby will be born an American citizen. While waiting for the baby's arrival, Jiajia loses contact with her boyfriend and suddenly finds that she is unable to make end meets. At this point, she meets Frank, played by Wu Xiubo, who offers help and makes her think twice about who her Mr. Right really is. In 1926 the tragic and untimely death of a silent screen actor caused female moviegoers to riot in the streets and in some cases to commit suicide... A misanthropic man sets out to exact revenge on his estranged father, by finding a loophole and attempting to win the National Spelling Bee as an adult. Figuring it would destroy his father, and everything he's worked so hard for as head of the Spelling Bee Championship Organization, Guy Trilby (Jason Bateman) eventually discovers winning isn't necessary for revenge, and that friendship is a blessing not a curse. Two punks from the big city, traveling across the country in a Volkswagen bug, embrace the western ethos when they must take revenge against a group of rednecks for killing their friend in this lighthearted road movie. Along the way, they enlist the help of a young woman who runs a wrecking service. Four high school students look to redefine themselves after graduation. Dale, Kurt and Nick decide to start their own business but things don't go as planned because of a slick investor, prompting the trio to pull off a harebrained and misguided kidnapping scheme. Attempting to compete for the love of a beautiful woman, a self-declared sissy joins a man camp that "transforms boys into men," only to discover it's run by his dream girl's macho boyfriend. With things growing a bit stale in the bedroom, lesbian couple Claudia and Dylan agree to seek sexual experiences outside their relationship. Dylan discovers new pleasures at a sex club, while Claudia, in drag as Claude, finds a surprising partner Film starring Bobby Buckets, Aaron Cockroft and Kasey Daley All paths inevitably end, whether we want them to or not. This is a tale about one particular path, followed by two particular people, but this is not a tale about romance, this is simply a film about beginnings and endings. Daniel and Eve are a young couple in crisis. The film follows their relationship in reverse from the end to the beginning, starting with a break up. Daniel - a level-headed, well-meaning slacker caught between his desire to make something of himself,and his student inclinations to have fun. Upon meeting Eve at a party, Daniel finds her attractive precisely because she possesses the traits he does not. As their various differences bring them together, they are forced to acknowledge their faults, many of which are reflected in the other. A young boy whose parents just divorced finds an unlikely friend and mentor in the misanthropic, bawdy, hedonistic, war veteran who lives next door. Quan is a humble London businessman whose long-buried past erupts in a revenge-fueled vendetta when the only person left for him to love - his teenage daughter - dies in a senseless act of politically-motivated terrorism. His relentless search to find the terrorists leads to a cat-and-mouse conflict with a British government official whose own past may hold the clues to the identities of the elusive killers. The one and only Fats Waller with Myra Johnson performing his classic song The Joint Is Jumpin' from 1941. Sule's father, a farmer whose not that reach, have fallen into poverty because of the failure to become "Lurah", and become crazy. So Sule has to go to Jakarta asking help to uncle Salim, the brother of his mother who supposedly rich. Instead of getting help, he was being chased and arrested by police because of suspected accomplice of a police fugitive .  Since his mother gave him one way ticket to Jakarta, Sule cannot return to the village and must attempt to survive. He also stuck to Parto, a police officers who arrested him. Romlah, Parto's wife is looking for maid, directly recruiting Sule. His job is to take Ririn Parto's first daughter, a junior high school go to her school, or anywhere rides a motorcycles.  One day, Sule met a pickpocket group preyed on the bag a beautiful girl named Ayla. Sule couldn't stand still see the action and fight with the pickpocket to save Ayla's bag. Synopsis  James White (White) is one of dozens of associate  pastors at a mega church in Southern California under the tutelage of television evangelist Johnny Kingman (Wise). He always longed to have his own church and jumps at the opportunity to become pastor of the impoverished Divine Faith Apostolic Church in Atlanta. His wife and two children aren't very enthusiastic about his assignment. Neither is the congregation itself, but they will have to learn to trust each other and pull together to save the church from a corrupt banker anxious to foreclose. It will take a musical miracle, supplied by BeBe Winans himself, to save them all in this heartfelt, family-friendly comedy. A fictional account of the 1958 attack against the Hungarian embassy in Bern. Based on a true story about the aftermath of the 1956 Hungarian revolution. This character-driven film considers the evolving sex trafficking landscape as seen by the main players: the exploited, the pimps, the johns that fuel the business, and the cops who fight to stop it. Irascible comedian Jackie Mason debuts his seventh one-man comedy show, "Jackie Mason: Freshly Squeezed." Armed with all-new material, the master funnyman is back on stage in this preview show filmed live in Canada. The show focuses on -- among other things -- terrorism, status symbols, cell-phones, fearless leaders, critics and politics. Jackie is at his best delivering topical humor that can only come from a true master of comedy.  Several alumni reminisce about their final year at St. Theresa's College and the events that shaped their lives. Dabbling in the occult is widespread and often thought of as harmless entertainment. But this video shows why it is dangerous to get involved with spiritism, fortune telling, witchcraft, magic, and Satanism. The program introduces the real life stories of those who have been involved in these activities and shows the way out based upon a Biblical perspective. Jae-hoon recently breaks up with his girlfriend and he still cannot give her up. Whenever he gets drunk, it has become a daily routine to call her and act out of drunkenness. On the other hand, Sun-young also decides to break up with his boyfriend. But she holds a grudge against him. For them, it seems that the beginning and the end of a love affair are both difficult. Can they overcome from the previous romance and start the new one? Driven by an intense need for fame and validation, members of a dysfunctional Hollywood family are chasing celebrity, one another and the relentless ghosts of their pasts. Crunch Calhoun, a third-rate motorcycle daredevil and part-time art thief, teams up with his snaky brother to steal one of the most valuable books in the world. But it's not just about the book for Crunch -- he's keen to rewrite some chapters of his own past as well. A young man is unable to break up with his girlfriend and decides to hire an agency that specializes in ending relationships. A man asks a womanizer to seduce his wife in order to catalyze a divorce. Jim is a background actor hoping to make it into the big time. His roommate is Sam, a documentary filmmaker. When the two are evicted from their home they meet with homeless musician Dio and a Catholic virgin named Mars. The four descend into a life-awakening 24 hours that involve excess drinking, prostitutes, a sage-like lounge singer and psychedelic drugs. Based on the award-winning novel by Rusty Whitener, Season of Miracles follows the Robins, an underdog Little League team through their 1974 season with newcomer and autistic baseball savant, Rafer. Team leader Zack takes Rafer under his wing despite taunting from their rivals, the Hawks. A group of high school friend after many years go to Paros on holiday. A homespun high school fairy tale comedy, What I Love About Concrete is a tour through the unbearable awkwardness, nascent cynicism, and disarming wonder that comprise the 11th grade experience, in a world where synchronized swimming breaks out in rundown motel pools, and dead swans are concealed in Mary Poppins-like bottomless book bags. Prudence and Belisaire Beresford have decided to take things easy. But when a rich Russian heiress disappears, Prudence can't resist and Belisaire is forced onto the adventure. Their investigation will put them on the trail of a mysterious scientist who holds the secret to eternal youth... Edilson's car broke down in Mount Dora on his way to a cousin's wedding. In the little town he will meet Elizabeth who will change his life forever. Down these mean streets a man must come.  A hero born, murdered, and born again.  A Rookie cop named Denny Colt returns from the beyond as The Spirit, a hero whose mission is to fight against the bad forces from the shadows of Central City.  The Octopus, who kills anyone unfortunate enough to see his face, has other plans; he is going to wipe out the entire city.  Surya is a gym coach and he is very close to Sri and his family. Murthy is Sri's father and Meghana is his sister. Surya is a man who fights against any injustice he comes across and this brings him into direct conflict with Raja Goud. In a separate track, Sriram gets into major trouble in Saudi Arabia and Ravi Teja must do everything he can to save his friend's life. In a curious twist of fate, only Raja Goud has the ability to save Sriram from certain death. Will Surya enter into a compromise with Raja Goud? How can Raja Goud save a man in trouble in Saudi Arabia? That forms the story  When a repressed high-school teacher loses his job, he decides to pull his entire life down with it. Within the span of a few days, he will kidnap a teenage student, reconnect with his old high-school crush, forgive an old friend, kill his mother, take on a rabid group of feminists, a movie star, the police and the stifling conventions of his boring small town. A drama, a dark comedy, a love triangle, a crime story and much, much more. An adventure like this could only happen to people who are NOT IN TEL AVIV. Swedish film about a man whose only purpose in life is to do strange things. If something isn't strange, he won't do it.  One day he meets Helen, and falls in love. This puts him in a dilemma, since love isn't strange at all... Or is it?  This film has everything... Loafs of bread, tooth brushes, keys, hats, a lawyer in a boat, some other people in another boat, a strangely painted cup, plastic animals in a train, real animals of various kinds, socks in the wild, the horizon, a big crazy fish (not real though), an incredible amount of whipped cream, a lamp post in love and some other stuff that you might have been waiting for. Carmina, 58, runs a shop selling Iberian products in Seville. After several robberies and no help from her insurance company, she comes up with a way to recover the money she needs to keep her family. While she waits in her kitchen for her plan to kick in, she thinks back over her life, her work and her miracles. Sloan is beautiful, stylish, and on the fast track to success at her public relations firm. After her client Caitlin ends up in a coma and becomes her own personal ghost of Christmas past, present, and future; she finds out first hand that her unethical ways needs to change and reuniting with a past jilted lover may be the answer. Based on the true story of the greatest treasure hunt in history, The Monuments Men is an action drama focusing on seven over-the-hill, out-of-shape museum directors, artists, architects, curators, and art historians who went to the front lines of WWII to rescue the world's artistic masterpieces from Nazi thieves and return them to their rightful owners.  With the art hidden behind enemy lines, how could these guys hope to succeed? One year after Mary Horror's rampage, Sheriff Tom has her spell book and wicked intentions of his own. Bunny and Naina meet when they graduate from college and again in their late 20s. A guest tries to stay inside the house of a man who can't kill him unless he's outside, because of believing guest to be equal to God. Joe Toy, on the verge of adolescence, finds himself increasingly frustrated by his single father, Frank's attempts to manage his life. Declaring his freedom once and for all, he escapes to a clearing in the woods with his best friend, Patrick, and a strange kid named Biaggio. He announces that they are going to build a house there, free from responsibility and parents. Once their makeshift abode is finished, the three young men find themselves masters of their own destiny, alone in the woods. Jon Cory, a body art performer from New York, stops at nothing when preparing for his bare-all performances. "Gender terrorism" is what he calls his sexually ambivalent, explicit performances. He aims to ambush the audience: the quicker you hit them, the friendly-sounding Cory explains, the more their brains get overstimulated and go into shock. The audience always wants more: spitting and pretending to urinate on the audience just draws more applause. Since deciding to have breast implants to boost his image as a gender terrorist, Jon has had to get used to a new identity. His mother has no problem with his new breasts, but he himself is troubled by the question of whether to call himself Rose or Jon. Documentary filmmaker Eva Kupper follows him both before and after the operation, throughout his painstaking preparation for his performances, and during the performances themselves, capturing him as he seeks out the limits of intimacy. Helen, 30 years-old, decides she is going to change the rest of her life. Her biggest mistake, she asks God for some precious help. A boy, a girl, and the worst football team in Britain. You can't choose who you're going to fall in love with. There is an underground battle going on in the name of love. The soldiers are all Pikapistas! With pick-up lines as their weapons to woo the gorgeous Neneng B. (Sam Pinto), the war sizzles in the dark corners of the Metro. And there is one undefeated champion among them - BOY PICKUP (Ogie Alcasid)! Legendary, enigmatic, hypnotic, that's his appeal to most who don't get what his works penetrate their heart just the same.  Despite his underground fame and legend, Boy Pickup lives a normal and solitary life, He works as a pastry chef in Heaven's Bakeshop, a bakery owned by ANGEL (Solenn Heussaff) and soon Angel feels indebted to Boy while Boy starts to fall for her. Dear Sidewalk tells the story of Gardner, a 24 year old mail-carrier, who is struggling to contend with his identity as his quarter-life crisis is in full swing. His regimented routine is thrown out the window when he meets Paige, a divorcee, enduring a mid-life crisis of her own. In this relationship there exists a synchronicity, as they find, despite their age difference, they're both confronting existential problems surrounding identity, love, and the choices in front of them. High schooler Jason has found his dream girl--the gorgeous Anastacia. There's just one problem: she doesn't know he exists. If he can win a spot on the school's hottest dance crew, Jason might have a shot. But before he does, he'll have to overcome his battle-ax of a mother, survive Anastacia's gangsta brother, and pass the crew's initiation--in this fresh, sexy, and outrageously funny comedy. In a woods filled with magic and fairy tale characters, a baker and his wife set out to end the curse put on them by their neighbor, a spiteful witch. An account of the days of First Lady, Jacqueline Kennedy, in the immediate aftermath of John F. Kennedy's assassination in 1963. This comedy revolves around two brothers, both wonderful chefs, who fall out catastrophically. At the climax of their dispute they rip the family recipe book in half - one brother gets the starters and the other gets the main courses. They set up rival restaurants, across the road from each other, and spend the next twenty years trying to out-do each other. Neither brother will admit it but they both know they are not entirely successful in the 'other half' of the menu. It takes a daughter - a successful corporate lawyer marrying a man from a very different background - to reunite them. She is planning her marriage and is determined that they will both cook the wedding banquet. Meenava Nanban (English: Fisherman 's friend), is a 1977 Indian Tamil-language film directed by C. V. Sridhar, starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role, with Latha, M. N. Nambiar, Nagesh among others enacting supporting roles.  Kumaran (MGR), a nice adventurer comes to take the defense of the fishermen exploited by Nagaraj (V. K. Ramaswamy), the notable of the place.  Kamaili (Latha), his daughter will fall in love with Kumaran.  Together, they will continue the fight against the injustice.  They will have much to do... After serving time for murder, Josh Hutton returns to his home town where he meets Audry Hugo. No one can remember exactly what Josh did... As the last day of class draws to a close, headstrong high school senior Derek sets out in search of his first set of wheels. Meanwhile, his colorful gang of pals, lead by muscle car driving Shaden, make their plans for the first night of summer vacation. Middle-aged man Ken Kamoshida (Muga Tsukaji) is a fortune teller and his life revolves around superstitions. Since he and his wife (Megumi Yasu) separated, Ken Kamoshida's life has been messy. One day, he comes across 2 black kittens which represents a symbol for misfortune. He has difficulty in raising the kittens, but he uses the kittens to help read the fortunes of others. In the process, he discovers what's really important to him.  Former child star, Guinevere James, is 29, overweight and washed up. She spends night after lonely night on social media sites like Facebook, in a vain attempt to make her life bigger than it seems. She also spends time "FaceStalking" her former co-star, Cadence Stone, who has blossomed into a modelesque A-lister at the top of the game. When Guinevere receives an invitation to a 20th-anniversary special for her signature Gelee commercials, she heads to the event ready for her big comeback only to have her hopes dashed when no one shows up. On a commuter's trip from Manila's business district to the suburbs, the director finds a myriad of possibilities, ranging from miniature ironic situations to a love story that is finally finding its unexpected closing. Brothers David and Matthias have contrasting personalities. Long since grown up - one with a wife, the other a girlfriend - they unintentionally meet at their parents' holiday home. Games and plots about power and dominance with unforeseen consequences. The aspiring actress Marivalda, her husband Wanderley, a bankrupt insurance broker and a false priest do their best to get along in life. But they end up in the hands of a drug boss, whose daughter they promised to save the life of, hit in a shooting at a party in Sao Cristovao. A huge cash reward is at stake and now all three have to chase the promised miracle. A woman inserts a camera in the head of her cheating boyfriend and watches his every move on her computer. Witness the unrelenting power of punk pioneers Negative Approach in this collection of concert and rehearsal footage. The clips begin with the September 2006 Chicago show that reunited the band in celebration of the 25th anniversary of their label, Touch and Go Records. Other highlights include a December 2006 show from the Dome in London, Brooklyn's No Fun Fest in spring 2007 and a concert from St. Andrew's Hall in the band's native Detroit. Dancing Queen is a 1993 British romantic comedy film starring Rik Mayall and Helena Bonham Carter. It follows the misfortune of Neil (Mayall), a bridegroom trying to get back to his bride with the help of his newfound friend Pandora/Julie (Bonham Carter) the stripper. It was the third episode of the first series of the Granada Television series Rik Mayall Presents. ENGLISH VINGLISH is the story of a woman who does not know English and is made to feel insecure by her family and society at large. Circumstances make her determined to overcome this insecurity, master the language, and teach the world a lesson on the way to becoming a self assured and confident woman. After Fanie takes Dinky, a strong Zulu woman, to his Afrikaans family wedding, the two find an unexpectedly fun cross-cultural romance. But in order to marry Dinky, Fanie must negotiate to pay Lobola (a South African dowry). A foster family in South Central a few weeks before the city erupts in violence following the verdict of the Rodney King trial in 1992. All he has is smell and a D-line body but is devoted in catching the bad guys. Detective Cha (Kang Ji-hwan) takes the cover of a model on a runway to solve a case. An ex-con searches for his niece as cops search for the money he stole. On the most important day of his young life, a high school senior is forced to relive his failed attempt at losing his virginity over and over again, until he gets it right. This poignant and darkly comedic debut feature from Sean Gillane focuses on Nolan, an aspiring writer who feels stuck. He is frustrated with his career, his relationships, the world and ultimately with himself. Unable to keep from displaying his considerable disdain, he focuses on everything wrong in his life as he treads the same dissatisfying paths. When he meets the stunning and unpredictable Cassie, she invites him to let down his guard and enjoy the world around him. Nolan slowly gives in to Cassie's exuberance, but just as he begins to change his perspective, circumstances conspire to throw his already fragile psyche into turmoil. Turning even more deeply inward, Nolan attempts escape, but must ultimately face his life as he has made it. Martin Taylor has totally lost touch with his family. He has no clue who his teenage daughter's friends are, why his son only communicates with an electronic sign outside his bedroom door, or why his youngest child only watches faith TV. Convinced the family needs to reconnect, Martin surprises the wife and kids with a little experiment-he locks them in their own home with no power, no heat, no running water, and absolutely no contact with the world outside! The sudden holiday staycation isn't what the Taylors had in mind for the weekend, but they'll have to team up to prove they can survive Dad's wacky mission. With a heartfelt message and some persistence, one little member of the family helps put their priorities back in the pews, because they'll need all the faith they have to get through this! A naive man-boy falls in love with a hotheaded blind girl and tries to help win back her heroic lover, Steve. Four friends -- Pankaj (Naseeruddin Shah), Bobby (Atul Kulkarni), Shakti Chinappa (Ravi Kissen), Albert Pinto (Kay Kay Menon) -- want to rob a lonely house in a lonely stretch of it's Rs 20 crore fake Indian currency... and the very fake note vending machine that lies in there. Just one problem: They have no plan... A young man struggles for closure after the death of his parents. The Backseat was made using a combination of documentary and fiction filmmaking techniques. We enlisted our own family members to portray versions of themselves and constructed a fictional situation in hopes of evoking very real conflicts and relationship dynamics. The performers, all of which are non-actors, were never given scripts or made aware of the full story-arc that we, as the directors, had pre-planned. Drawing inspiration from the direct cinema of the Maysles and fiction films like The Blair Witch Project, it is our intention to blur the viewer's concept of reality and invite them into a world that feels real and honest while still providing the emotional beats and traditional plot elements of a conventional narrative. A small town girl in West Bengal, India when she earned a scholarship from the prestigious University of New South Wales in Australia to pursue her master's degree in Economics with inevitable butterflies in her stomach. Liverpool, 1978: What starts as a vibrant affair between a legendary femme-fatale, the eccentric Academy Award-winning actress Gloria Grahame, and her young lover, British actor Peter Turner, quickly grows into a deeper relationship, with Turner being the person Gloria turns to for comfort. Margaret (Sara Matos) and Rui (Lawrence Ortigao) after studying in England, are now returning to Portugal for a holiday camp, where they reconnect with friends from other times and participate in a Summer Festival. Missy M, Tatiana (Mafalda Portela) eventually gets in the middle of the couple, and live a romantic adventure with Rui. Written by Joao Ferreira A man proposes to his boyfriend. The offer of marriage is accepted, and then quickly rejected -- all in the days leading up to Christmas. These sexy sirens bring a whole new meaning to "Ladies of the Night" as they lure victim after victim to their VampSisters.com website. Utilizing the web to entice victims to their lair, they seductively work their beauty and their bodies to fulfill an unholy desire to feed on human blood! Once the kinky fun begins, the sisters bare their fangs and the feeding frenzy begins! After these sensual bloodsuckers are finished, they drag the bodies to a hideous creature they keep locked in their shed. As the Missing Persons pile up, two undercover vice squad detectives pose as a kinky couple to infiltrate the Vampire Sisters' home. A chilling battle between the sisters and the undercover cops leads to a mind-blowing finally climax; Iggy -- the creature in the shed -- is finally released In Bucharest on a winter's morning, a couple make love. Adina wants to move in with her boyfriend Radu as soon as possible. He, on the other hand, is slightly more reluctant but appears to simply tolerate her plans. Today is New Year's Eve and Radu and Adina have a lot to do: the two have planned a visit to Adina's parents followed by a party with friends. While buying last-minute gifts at the supermarket, Radu thinks he spots ex-girlfriend Nadja, who he has never forgotten. In one small moment, Radu's insecurities about Adina come bubbling to the surface. No sooner have the corks begin to pop, the relationship comes to an abrupt end. This is followed by the perfectly timed offer from Radu's friend Alex to hit the town with him and his friends. Radu accepts the offer in the hope that Nadja is also out. Director Paul Negogescu draws a portrait of Radu with precision and subtle irony - and captures the atmosphere of a New Year's evening with great authenticity. After years in a mental institution, Ethel is taken in by her aunt. Many people including the head nurse of the institution and a local detective believe letting Ethel leave that hospital was a huge mistake. Two kids look to throw an ambitious dance show in order to save their struggling youth center. Alice Lantins is 38, ambitious and so committed to her work that she neglects her personal life.  In short, she is the ideal candidate for the next editor of the magazine Rebelle, or would be were it not for the fact that she appears to be stuck in a rut.  When Balthazar, a charming 20-year-old, crosses her path, her colleagues begin to see her in a whole new light... It all begins at a party in Santiago, Chile, when a seemingly innocent gesture -- the offer of a ride home -- ends in a passionate night of lovemaking and intense conversation for young singles Bruno and Daniela. Shacked up at a flea-bitten motel for a one-night stand, the pair lingers deep into the night, alternating between powerful physical encounters and an ever-deepening emotional connection. On-the-run from the London mafia, Omi returns to his ancestral village - a place he'd flown from with his grandad's money and grander 'London Dreams'. Will Omi be able to hide his failures while chasing love, and the lost recipe of the infamous dish, 'Chicken Khurana'? Random Acts of Romance is a feature comedy about intense characters in extreme relationship situations -- and the crazy and obsessive behaviors that spring from this thing called love. The story is paced like an emotional roller coaster, punctuated by moments of uncomfortably illuminating hilarity as characters confront situations we all identify with. When Charlie and her girlfriend Cerina decide to have a baby together, the idea of using Cerina's ex-boyfriend Josh as the live-in donor turns an easy on-paper idea into a much more challenging event. Canada is the first country in the world to have an official multiculturalism policy, which is now over three decades old. Most people think that multiculturalism is a well entrenched principle in this country. Yet, at the first sign of disquiet in any part of the world, Canada's Multiculturalism policy is called into question. This hot-button issue is confronted head-on in this riveting documentary. The film records the history of various immigrant groups who are not officially recognized in history books. Can the word 'diversity' replace 'multiculturalism'? Is it just a word or a principle which determines how Canadians relate to one another? A man named Alucinio drifts on the Antarctic desert amid a winter storm. He has been betrayed -in dreams- by the woman he loves. When he is about to freeze to death is rescued by a poulterer who will introduce him to the secrets of pornophilosophy. Meanwhile, in Boston, the crazy artist Gropius Cantor and his little sect are getting tear the structure of reality. The space begins to twist on itself with unpredictable consequences for the future of the characters and all mankind. A story full of lechery, sarcasm, extravagance, impossible geometries, discovery of existence's hidden sides and a pinch of Magick. Autobiographical account of the cult 80's British pop group 'Madness (II)' , with members of the group playing themselves, charting their rise from humble beginnings as pub band The Invaders to chart success and their first overseas tour. The film follows the ups and downs of individual members of the group, and features all of their early hits including "The Prince", "One Step Beyond", "Baggy Trousers" and "Night Boat to Cairo" 4 friends that Glenn, Pipin, jadoel and Rivet. They are fairly well-known boy band, which often appear in the cafes. Until one night, on the way to a cafe, Pipin, jadoel and Rivet suffered the unfortunate fate as a tragic accident that killed them. After the death, they were still hanging around like any other human. Pipin still pursuing his love for a beautiful lecturer, while jadoel and Rivet are still looking for their love. Taken from a short story by Fajar Nugros, "Cinta di Saku Belakang Celana" (Love in the Back Pocket) A student filmmaker goes through the trials and tribulations of his senior thesis, all the while learning that his life on screen is not so different from the one off This sequel to the box office hit All for One finds the previously tight-knit trio dispersed: Nikolai is on parole, while brothers Ralf and Timo are planning a heist involving the unlikely combination of unsalted butter, a strict diet and a helicopter. When their seemingly impossible heist succeeds, Nikolai asks to borrow some money to start over. The brothers reject him, but when all three of them are tricked by a fish-loving banking executive, they are forced to team up again. "Openings --The Search for Harry" is a humorous and insightful feature length movie presentation based on true events and is the story of one man's journey from being closed off from those most important in his life, to reconnecting, and to rebuilding an authentic richer life. Join Harry Reed on his often touching adventure into the remote mountains of Colorado. Mark &amp; Soniyo, after having been brought together by fate, have to win over their parents consent. OCONOMOWOC is an absurd comedy about Lonnie Washington, a confused adult who moves back in with his boozing mother and reluctantly teams up with his friend's mishandled t-shirt business in hopes of finding a little direction. Patch Town, inspired by the award-winning short film of the same name.  After years in a loving home, Jon, a toy, was forgotten, deserted and ultimately betrayed by his adoptive mother. He returns to live a sad life as a worker on the line; a life of factory work and oppression in a place where hundreds of cabbage babies are born every day. The thankless task of shucking, picking, and processing these newborns to go out into the world and to their new mothers has taken its toll on Jon. With each new birth, Jon slips deeper into sadness, lamenting the days when life was good and he was loved. Irish American writer goes broke hustling his book, then finds his fortune in his Irish heritage. A sealed ancient Mayan cave would be blown open unleashing Xtabai to wreak havoc on the world and destroy civilization. She begins by infecting the inhabitants of a nearby village with a terrible and deadly fever. The government responds by placing the village under quarantine. A team of students along with their teacher escape into the jungle to find a cure, guided only by a dream. They go deep into the bowels of the Mayan underworld, hunted by Xtabai herself. Will they ultimately succeed in defeating the evil Xtabai and saving mankind from her curse? How many will live to tell the tale? Jay Johnson is a master storyteller and ventriloquist who redefines, re-imagines, and reintroduces you to the wonderful art of ventriloquism. Tom Murphy, a middle-aged Irish-American man from Cleveland, travels to Ireland for his best friend's wedding and to find the perfect woman. An allergy-ridden, eavesdropping sound engineer and his boisterous new roommate are thrust into a missing girl case when he discovers clues to her disappearance in his neighborhood recordings. When little fish Kevin is swept up in a net and taken from his home in the vast oceans to the small glass fish tank of a restaurant, he must find a way to escape and make his way back home. Cult classic starring Ralph Macchio as a want-to-be blues guitar virtuoso who seeks a long-lost song by legendary musician Robert Johnson.  Daal Mein Kuch Kaala Hai is a tale of a budding actress (Veena Malik) who is over motivated to become a successful in Bollywood. The story starts with Mr. Dabu who is a middle aged man in his forties, a total looser absconded and is being left unaccompanied in life. All of a sudden he gets rich after hitting a roll-over prize of birthright, and then decides to walk off to this actress to share his destiny and his future in the company of her. The starlet gets surprised and shocked after witnessing so much of wealth with him in cash. She initially agrees what his boyfriend had planned out to con Mr. Dabu, but is totally puzzled on what to carry out. They both sooner or later travel to the mysterious island, which is further followed by her boyfriend and a couple of unknown friends. The entire journey is filled with full humor, enjoyment and entertainment. Written by Aanand Balraj With her winnings from an essay contest, a waitress gets dolled up and goes to a swanky resort to snag a millionaire husband. Five British friends head to the Andes for a stag weekend. Of course, they're unprepared, get lost - and inevitably ignore all warnings about the sinister local legend of the 'The Hunter'. Tomohiro takes his fiance Machiko to his hometown of Aridagawa in Wakayama Prefecture to see his family.Tomohiro's family includes three siblings. His younger brother Takeshi refuses to go to school. His older sister Yumi isn't interested in their family. Younger sister Sayaka has an inferiority complex and has a fear of dating. There's also Satomi who everybody calls Mama and she does all of the housework. Kayoko is called Kaka and she works as a snack bar manager. Narumi is called Haha and she is a high school teacher. Finally, there's their father Shoichiro better known as Chichi. It's an unusual family, but able to exist in harmony. Due to Machiko's appearance, the family becomes shaken. A struggling actress tries to help a friend prove his innocence when he's accused of murdering the husband of a high society entertainer. Sua and Jib are like any other couple in this world except for one exception: for the past 5 years they have kept their relationship a secret since the bank where they are employed has a strict "No Fraternization" policy. It's not a big deal until they decide to get married. The only problem? Which one of these two Type-A overachievers will put marriage before a career and resign? With neither willing to take the leap of faith they both turn incident into opportunity when an ATM glitch in Chonburi province cashes out over $130,000 baht. The terms are simple: whoever is able to recover the money first gets to keep their job. The couple will turn into no holds barred competitors. Who will literally "go big" in their career or "go home" in this romantic comedy about what two people won't do for each other in the name of love? It's the age old battle of the sexes but this time around how can victory be easily declared in a war... Chandini comes to India to attend Veer's sisters wedding. In those four days, she wins everyone's heart. Lenny has relocated his family back to the small town where he and his friends grew up. This time around, the grown ups are the ones learning lessons from their kids on a day notoriously full of surprises--the last day of school. Jodi Breakers is a Hindi film directed by Ashwini Chaudhary featurring R Madhavan and Bipasha Basu in the leading roles with Omi Vaidya and Dipannita Sharma in supporting roles. Antoine and Laurent, old friends, spend their vacation in Corsica with their respective daughters: seventeen-year-old Louna and eighteen-year-old Marie. One evening at the beach, Louna seduces Laurent. Louna is in love, but for Laurent it was nothing more than a momentary distraction. Without revealing her lover's name, Louna confides in her father, who tries by any means to discover who his daughter's lover is. How long will the secret be able to be kept hidden? Gao-bing works in a bakery in a small town. The owner, Mr Chiu, is so into his Rock 'n 'Roll band, and the apprentice Di doesn't seem enthusiastic about learning baking at all. The business of the bakery is getting down and Gao-bing doesn't know what to do with the situation. All he can do is work harder and makes more bread. Ping, the daughter of Mr Chiu, grew up together with Gao-bing and is Gao-bing's girlfriend. She often complains that Gao-bing only follows the traditions and doesn't take any dramatic actions to save the bakery. In order to develop revolutionary new flavors, Ping takes baking courses in the city where she meets Bread. Bread, born in America, is charming and humorous. He falls for Ping at the very first sight. Even though Ping is with Gao-bing, she finds Bread's bread has a special magic. She thinks Bread might be the one that saves the bakery In 2017, ournalist and filmmaker Marie Nyrerod created this series of topical short films using outtakes from footage she had recorded with director Ingmar Bergman for her 2006 feature documentary BERGMAN ISLAND.  Hanna is a 30 something single woman from Helsinki. She has a good job and great friends and has almost given up on finding the Mr. Right. One night, Hanna meets Markus, a dark stranger who sweeps her off her feet. A disgruntled summer-stock actor contemptuously disregards the superstition surrounding Shakespeare's tragedy, Macbeth and, by doing so, unleashes the curse of 'The Scottish Play' and wreaks havoc on the company.  Sandy becomes a heart breaker after swearing off love. She leaves a trail of heartbroken men until her friend and a gorgeous co-worker compete for her heart. A group of beach goers discover the mystery of a Loch Ness Monster in the ocean. Further investigation shows that this is only one of a whole planet full of them, and they aren't too happy with Earth. The tables are turned as four teenagers are sucked into Jumanji's world - pitted against rhinos, black mambas and an endless variety of jungle traps and puzzles. To survive, they'll play as characters from the game. Combining a family vacation with business, Walter Richmond (William Hurt) takes his wife (Jennifer Tilly) and their 10-year-old, mute daughter, Melissa (Francesca Brown), to the Netherlands -- where Melissa inadvertently witnesses a murder. Unable to tell anyone what she's seen, the frightened girl vanishes in an attempt to elude the killers. Meanwhile, her parents try desperately to piece together the puzzle leading to Melissa's disappearance. A movie about growing up in Singapore, which focuses on the lives of two families where the oldest children gets involved with the local mafia. The night after another unsatisfactory New Year party, Tim's father tells his son that the men in his family have always had the ability to travel through time. Tim can't change history, but he can change what happens and has happened in his own life - so he decides to make his world a better place... by getting a girlfriend. Sadly, that turns out not to be as easy as he thinks. Who said a patchwork family is without problems? Two years after the turbulence of Kokowaah, everyday life turns to everyday chaos... Dominique, a formidable and possessive husband and father, manages a large pet store, the Paradis des Betes, with his sister. One day he goes too far and disrupts his family. Jayaraman is popularly known as Kunjaliyan(Young Brother-in-law) in Gopalapuram, a village in the Kerala-Tamil Nadu border. He is the younger brother of three sisters. The sisters were caring him as their own child since the death of his father and mother. Jayaraman was the pet of his sisters and he was not interested in to do any job. He is lazy. Everything was perfect until the sisters got married. The brothers in law were not interested in Jayaraman at all and they were not considered him as their younger brother. One day he left Gopalapuram to become a millionaire. Somehow he reached Dubai after years he left from Gopalapuram and he managed to get a job there. Unfortunately he got terminated from his job due to the due global recession. He is forced to go back to Gopalapuram and he is not interested in his return to his village without being a millionaire. Upon being told his doctor's office no longer has appointment reminder cards, 77 year-old Sherman's day is turned upside down, resulting in many innocent lives falling into immediate danger. In this horrifically funny animated film, lives will be lost and things will explode in the darkest and wildest cartoon allowed in the U.S.! Schwartz's poetic 16mm work meditates on the sights and sounds of slowly crumbling glaciers, charting an interior dance between desperation and hope. The carefully deployed superimpositions, strident soundtrack, and contrasting tones of intensity and tranquility suggest the unpredictable rhythms of metaphysical transformation. A big new home, a lovely wife and a new job seem to steer Henrik firmly towards the middle age and a bourgeois lifestyle. There is, however, a substantial amount of boyish prankster still in him - sometimes a little bit too much. Director Martin Lund's understated, offbeat humour often evokes Bent Hamer's delightful studies of lone males (O'Horten, Kitchen Stories) Two highway road workers spend the summer of 1988 away from their city lives. The isolated landscape becomes a place of misadventure as the men find themselves at odds with each other and the women they left behind. Hugo, a dispirited English Literature professor, sets out on a one-way trip in search of a lighthouse. Halfway there he meets Paco, an 18 year-old smart ass, hitching a ride West. The road takes the unlikely pair to a greasy spoon in the middle of nowhere, where three peculiar waitresses persuade them to stay the night and, unknowingly, change their lives. Jed Wilkins is a free-lance maid and an embarrassment to his family. While his parents are on vacation, he runs into a drifter girl who changes the maid business forever. A pawnbroker's assistant deals with his grumpy boss, his annoying co-worker and some eccentric customers as he flirts with the pawnbroker's daughter, until a perfidious crook with bad intentions arrives at the pawnshop. Fun-loving, popular goofball Gerry is a typical high school student - he plays basketball and video games and is all about the ladies. But being the class clown can be a real bummer when no one takes you seriously on the important stuff. One day Gerry meets Melinda, a straight-laced fellow student who begins to show him that life is about more than just fun and games. Set in the San Francisco suburb of Concord, this charming romantic comedy shows that reaching one's full potential takes a little bit of humor and a whole lot of sincerity. Jatt is a mischievous lovable sort of a guy whilst Juliet is the typical Punjabi modern day girl. Sparks fly when their paths cross on their way to Canada due to their different outlook on life. But as faith brings them together time and time again their hatred for each slowly turns into friendship only to realize its true meaning when they get separated. Will life give them one more chance to prove their love for each other or will they continue to be at loggerheads? A bus load of American students, all jocks, cheerleaders and nerds, are on a culture trip in Europe when they stumble upon a mysterious Hamburger stand in the deep European woods, selling 100% American Burgers. A visit to the Burger Factory behind the stand, renders them trapped in this unknown territory, and they are about to realize that European notion of American Hamburgers is terrifyingly different from what they're used to... The road trip descends into a battle for survival as Americans are treated as cows. Who's going to end up in the slaughterhouse? Will the nerds ever get to score with the cheerleaders? Cliques are formed... Strategies are made... And in the midst of it all they learn a thing or two about friendship, survival, consumerism, horny teenage urges and, perhaps most importantly, to never visit a fast-food restaurant ever again. And the nerds somehow end up having the... Best. Summer. Ever. It's the dead of winter and Crow is alone in the frigid tundra. He happens upon Fox's cabin, but finds his host less than hospitable. The story of Karl, Christian and Leo will forever change the way you view the relationship between men and women. In a world were women have the power and all the advantages, they've learned that there is only room for one kind of man - the kind that shaves his balls. In a competition to beat Casanova, they fall victim to their own most charming and destructive in a game all men and women are doomed to lose. Pornopung is a dark and entertaining journey through the forefront of modern seduction and sexuality. It will make the most ardent feminist admit that they've won the war of the sexes. "The fact that I'm playing myself doesn't mean that it's me." Four old schoolmates, today well-known Czech actors (Pavel Liska, Tomas Matonoha, Josef Polasek and Marek Daniel), decide to make a movie together. Their ambitious colleague Jan Budar takes up directing duties and financing has arrived from Poland. What started out pleasantly enough, however, soon goes awry. Liska's pronunciation difficulties, Daniel's alter ego Havlat, and Matonoha's financial machinations turn the shoot into a fight for survival. More than just a film about friendship and the absurdity of actors' lives, director Marek Najbrt gives us a witty meditation on reality and illusion, and a unique take on the reality film genre. One of Pavel Liska's on-set comments ("I didn't know if I should act as if I were acting, or act as if I weren't acting, or just not act at all") illustrates the provocative nature of Najbrt's subversive, quasi-documentary game. Robert Gould Shaw leads the US Civil War's first all-black volunteer company, fighting prejudices of both his own Union army and the Confederates. Amor Cronico follows Grammy-nominated, Cuban-born CuCu Diamantes as she embarks on a whirlwind tour of her home country. Interweaving glamorous live performances with a fictional romance, the film pays tribute to the history of cinema in surreal fashion. Backed by a high energy Latin soundtrack, Cucu's journey is a visual love poem to the sites, sounds, and people of Cuba. Manager Pascaline and chef Angelo have been, for several years, striving toward earning the coveted "chef's hat" in the Gault Millau restaurant guide. Tonight is Valentine's Day: one of the busiest nights of the year. Angelo provides an appropriate menu and Pascaline lovingly sets the tables. As always, Pascaline has everything under control. Her customers expect a lot tonight. For every couple that has won a table they expect to get love on their plate. Hopefully nothing goes wrong. Continues the romantic story of Javier and Angela, who, after having sworn eternal love and having their first child, decide to divorce. Detroit Winter takes us through a day in the life of Todd, a morally desensitized, wise-cracking jerk. All is right in his world until he hits a bump in the road when Todd runs into his ex-girlfriend. Akin and Mary meet for the first time at an airport where they accidentally bump into each other and mistakenly swap their identical phones . This leads to a destination mix up after they receive one another's text regarding a travel destination. Consequently, Akin ends up traveling to where Mary is supposed to go and vice versa. Neither knows about the swap until they have reached their opposite destinations and "the phone" stops ringing (In Mary's case) and "Won't stop ringing" (In Akins's case) . As a result of the phone swap, they agree to help carry out each other's missions, armed with the information and data on each other's phone. But it's not as easy as they both think as new obstacles and complications rise at every turn as they both struggle to adapt to their alien environment and situation. Mary has to walk in Akins shoes and represent him in a company meeting while Akin has to represent Mary in her the family meeting. This they do with hilarious results Relangi Mavayya is a gentleman from a small village Relangi and he believes in human values and relationships. He has two sons Peddodu aka Mallikharjuna Rao and Chinnodu aka Seetha Rama Raju. Peddodu is an emotional guy and his maradalu Seetha is in love with him since her childhood. Whereas Mahesh Babu is a witty and charming young man and he falls in love with Geetha, the daughter of Rao Ramesh. But Rao Ramesh ridicules Prakash Raj for his low wealth and this strains the relationships between both brothers. In the end Seetha's marries Peddodu, Geetha's marriage is planned with Chinnodu and Geetha's father apologizes to Relangi Mavayya. When his only friend dies, a man born with dwarfism moves to rural New Jersey to live a life of solitude, only to meet a chatty hot dog vendor and a woman dealing with her own personal loss. Two best friends in college Mitch and Elizabeth make a pact that if in ten years after graduation they are both not married they will marry each other. Ten years later Mitch (still single) finds out Elizabeth never got married so he decides to travel across the country, find her and follow through on their pact. What he soon realizes is it wont be a simple as he thought. She lives her own little world. Will it explode and disappear forever? When Nenette (Josiane Balasko) discovers the identity of her father in a letter, she quickly goes off in search of him. But instead of finding her father, she is met by her half-brother, Paul (Michel Blanc). Paul, a bitter man who gave up his dream to take over his father's pharmacy business, is less than thrilled at the arrival of his 'embarrassing' half-sister. After refusing to take her in, he soon gets a taste of his own medicine. Under the influence of a potent drug, for one day Paul is generous, happy and sensitive. The next morning, however, once the drug has worn off, his nasty side comes back... Jack is pleased with himself for the first time in years. He has decided to stop fucking anything with a pulse and also to cut back on his eager and enthusiastic drug use. Then his best friend crashes into a moose in the middle of the night on the Swedish border. He is found with a hoof buried in his forehead and 2.5 kilos of cocaine in the trunk. Over the next 24 hours, Jack loses his house, his girlfriend leaves him and takes their daughter with her. And as he is about to find out: when you think you have hit rock bottom, it can always get worse. A Hispanic family find hope in their extraordinary son named Sailboat when a personal gesture awakens a global desire. Armed with a "little guitar", Sailboat leads an offbeat cast into the miraculous story of the greatest secret never told. On the eve of his wedding, a successful writer travels around the country to meet up with ex-lovers in an attempt to make amends for his wrongdoings. A youth comedy about the tragedy of the first love. An experiment in the area of the film language. REC, accidentally pressed in the middle of a fight. Jealosies, breakups, reunions. A few bedroom scenes, shot with a home camera. Cries and whispers of the urban outskirts. The audience of the film are both Bergman fans and YouTube viewers. An unlikely basketball team of unappreciated middle-aged Texas women, all former high school champs, challenge the current high school girls' state champs to raise money for breast cancer prevention. Sparks fly as the women go to comic extremes to prove themselves on and off the court, become a national media sensation, and gain a new lease on life.  A documentary about 'The Magnificent Seven'. A house sitter bites off more than he can chew when a dead body mysteriously shows up at the estate he's watching. About a young man set to win a pokertournament, but eventually he finds himself in the dark underground of Stavanger. In danger of losing his badge, a big city detective agrees to aid a small town sheriff in a routine missing persons investigation only to discover that at least one girl has gone missing in this sleepy fishing town each year for the last twenty years. When a body finally emerges on the lake and suspects literally crawl out of the hills, the two lawmen realize they're being toyed with and to make things worse, the killer seems to have set his eyes on a group of sorority girls who are not only isolated by the lake, but have their own nefarious plans in mind. Outnumbered and out of options, the two lawmen must solve the mystery of the missing girls or suffer the same fate. A runaway boy befriends a pack of homeless puppies. Together, they stop a bank robbery and find a family to adopt them all. Known as Nan Sempit by his friends, Adnan (Shaheizy Sam) is an orphan and a 'mat rempit' who decides to move to the big city in Kuala Lumpur after being treated unfairly by his aunt's family. During his stay in KL, Adnan lives with his elder brother Macha (Cat Farish) and works as a dispatch guy at a private company. He develops a friendly relationship with his boss, Nadia (Intan Ladyana) who comes from a very wealthy family. Soon, their relationship turns sour when an argument breaks open between Adnan and Zack. "Bujang Telajak" tells the story of three best friends, played by Saiful, Nabil dan Johan, who fall in love with the same girl, named Puteri (Fazura) and end up competing with each other. The three of them are actually professional magicians, who met Puteri while filming for a commercial. The three friends decide to follow Puteri to learn more about her, only to discover that she is also a kindergarten teacher and part-time model. In order to get closer to Puteri, Saiful turns to her blind father, Haji Hashim (Mustapha Kamal) hoping to hear her secrets from him. To his surprise, Saiful is told by Hashim that Puteri longs to marry with someone who is handicapped, as she believes that it is the only way that she will obtain true love like her mother. And so begins the disguise of the three friends as disabled individuals in order to win Puteri's heart, including sabotaging each other. Who will triumph in this comedic love story? A horror comedy about a couple, Aminah dan Hussin, who decide to pay a visit to their hometown with their three children, Azri, Epul dan Rina. In actuality, Aminah longs to ask her mother, Nek Temah, to care for her three children. A well-known shaman in the village, Nek Temah tells the three siblings about the dos and don'ts of the house or they will have to face the consequences. First, they cannot go out of the house after evening prayers. Second, they cannot enter the mysterious room in the house that is sealed with a red tape. However, when Nek Temah goes out to see a patient, Epul hears a sound of a bottle falling from the sealed room. He tries to open it, only to be stopped in time by Nek Temah. Wilhelm Wilder (Will) is a talented actor stuck on a New York City children's TV show where he portrays Bad Luck Bunny, a hapless green rabbit. Feeling a failure, he bears his fate with touching self-irony, but grows sulky and petulant when he thinks that his wife, daughter and all his friends have forgotten his 40th birthday. In the confusion following a road accident, all the world believes he is dead. Instead of rectifying the situation, he decides to fulfill a fantasy and attend his own funeral. Here he will learn what everyone really thinks of him. With the aid of his best friend Rad, an Indian restaurant-owner, Will becomes Vijay Singh, a handsome and gentlemanly Sikh, complete with turban and beard.  Will confronts a unique problem: everyone likes Vijay, and most of all, he likes Vijay, more than he ever liked himself. (Sam Garbarski) Emilia, a law-school graduate, falls in love with her married boss, Jack. After Emilia marries Jack, her happiness turns unexpectedly to grief following the death of her infant daughter. Devastated, Emilia nonetheless carries on, attempting to forge a connection with her stepson William and to resist the interference of Jack's jealous ex-wife. Dressed as a clown, the clever rascal Grimm holds up the most secure bank of Montreal and takes 30 hostages. While confusing and ridiculing the police with his strange behavior, he calmly manages to rid the bank of a fortune. But then an unsatisfied companion arouses trouble... Lal Baadshah is a 1999 Bollywood film directed by K.C. Bokadia and starring Amitabh Bachchan in a dual role, Raghuvaran, Manisha Koirala, Shilpa Shetty and Amrish Puri. Nirupa Roy also appears in her last film playing Bachchan's foster mother. This was Bachchan's third film since his comeback after a five-year hiatus; it failed at the box office but hit in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar. A trio of clueless minors embark on a quest to get into the local bar, in the hopes of scoring with the opposite sex. Local skate-park hero Ned Venture, along with his multi-talented brothers and sister, gets thrown into the wildest, craziest, adventure of his life after accidentally finding a large stash of diamonds stolen by a wannabe gang of mobsters.  An acclaimed writer, his ex-wife, and their teenaged children come to terms with the complexities of love in all its forms over the course of one tumultuous year. Pauline, a devoted and generous home help nurse, raises her two children alone, while also looking after her father, a former steelworker. Taking advantage of her popularity, the directors of an extremist political party suggest she become their candidat at the mayoral elections. 4 barbers, 4 lives,1 story... The Fade is an intimate portrait of four Afro barbers across the world over seven days. The observational documentary reveals exactly what this profession means to society in the 21st century. Set in Ghana,Jamaica, USA and the UK the film interweaves their stories and examines the polarized opposites of the locations. Creating an international dialog of the colorful lives of four men who do they same thing in different time zones, with very different realities. Nathan believes he is entitled to live the way he wants, but when tragedy strikes, he is forced to give up his plans and make a choice--his siblings or his girlfriend. Or maybe he doesn't have to give up anything. Maybe he can have it all. Hollywood is a hot spot for celebrities, and tour guide Scott Michaels (E!'s "20 Most Horrifying Hollywood Murders," FindADeath.com) knows their, well, haunts. DEARLY DEPARTED is an all-access tour of the "backlots" of L.A. - locations where the most infamous murders, suicides and bizarre crimes involving A-listers have taken place. The Viper Room, the site where "The Black Dahlia" was discovered, and dozens more legendary spots are explored in this funny and equally shocking ride into L.A.'s seedy underground. A serious health scare ignites John Thomas, an insurance salesman in his 50s, to take a closer look at his life. Motivated by a misguided obsession with getting Barack Obama elected, John takes an overwhelming involvement in the Presidential campaign. While John becomes obsessed with the ideal of change that Obama represents for Americans, he has in turn neglected to create positive change in his own life, particularly with regard to his health and familial relationships. John hides his health problems from his strong, yet supportive wife, Molly, creating a strain on their marriage. John seeks the support of a Republican relative, MLK, who initially starkly resists supporting a Democratic candidate. John's son, Kalil, rebels against his father's avid support of Obama by supporting the Republican candidate as well. John neglects to support his daughter, Tamika, at a crucial moment in her life...  The eruption of the Icelandic volcano Eyjafjallajokull causes major disruptions to travelers' plans around the world. For Alain and Valerie, it's a catastrophe. Because to make it to the small Greek village in time for their daughter's wedding, this divorced couple, whose mutual hatred knows no bounds, will be obliged to set out on the road together. Momo has one dream buried for years: become a petanque champion. When an international tournament is announced, he drops his ordinary life to win the first prize and fulfill his dreams. After spending 5 years in Hollywood, California, Carlos has go back to his home in Puerto Rico to make his first feature film. We are all a little pieces of the great JIGSAW PUZZLE. And there is only one that fits to other... we look for it and find the same...we try to put it, but... it is the same but not the right one... there left an empty space. Can we rewrite our destiny? Can we overcome the last barrier... death? A pair of star-crossed dancers in New York find themselves at the center of a bitter rivalry between their brothers' underground dance clubs. A film by Akram Zaatari (2010) In 2007 three artists joined the conservative Slovenian Democratic Party (SDS) and officially changed their names to that of the leader of that party, the Prime Minister of Slovenia, Janez Jansa. While they renamed themselves for personal reasons, the boundaries between their lives and their art began to merge in numerous and unforeseen ways. A genuine satiric comedy, based on real conversations - both amusing and sad - overheard by a journalist in one of the most expensive Moscow restaurants. Hilarious and revealing, this is a film about women who choose between affection and money, film producers that don't really know what they're filming, and weary businessmen who sometimes say screw it, down a shot and leave their mother-in-laws to pay the bill. But most of all, it's about true love that favors noisy kitchen floor over gilded fine-dining halls. The real first comedy about love. Grandfather's wife unexpectedly leaves him for another man and this sparks a series of events. His son and grandson arrive from abroad and set of for a journey to find a woman dear to each of them. One weekend, Aunt Bam's nephew-in-law Stewart is granted a court-ordered visitation with his children. Although his new, much-younger wife Mona is a bundle of nerves, Stewart seizes the opportunity to reconnect with his children, whom he loves dearly. Then their mother, his ex-wife Gloria, shows up drunk. It will take Madea's partner-in-crime, Bam, to tame this situation and set a few things straight. Three college students on a road trip across the Southwest experience a detour - the tracking of a computer genius who has already hacked into MIT and exposed security faults. When the trio find themselves drawn to an eerily isolated area, suddenly everything goes dark. When one of the students regains consciousness, he finds himself in a waking nightmare. The film follows a modern day theater group from Minnesota as they travel to the Czech Republic to perform a cabaret piece originally performed in Terezin in 1943. Green meadows, blue sky in Swabia: Actually, the world of the two villages Oberrieslingen and Unterrieslingen should be in perfect order. But she is not. Why? Because the two hostile villages have had to share a church and a cemetery since the Middle Ages, which has caused squabbles and squalor to this day. A woman who gets paid to break people up is forced to become a matchmaker when some new competition muscles her out of the break-up business. Now, in order to save her company (and keep her high-priced wardrobe) she'll have to rely on her old nemesis: love.  When Santana's girlfriend leaves him for a preacher he tries to win her back, but there are complications around every corner. Liza's a nurse, seeking love. Her only company is a long-dead Japanese pop star, who turns her into a fox-fairy out of jealousy. Now, every men who desires Liza shall die horribly. Can she overcome the curse? A German man fells in love with a Turkish woman and changes his lifestyle for her family. A resort for individuals who want to lose weight is helps several women discover friendships, acceptance with body image and hard truths. Comedy - In this wild and racy Twilight parody, Stella Pond is heartbroken over the breakup with her vampire beau, Bedford Mullen, until shirtless and newly ripped friend, JB Lycan, catches her eye. But JB's a closeted werewolf -- and a vampire's worst enemy. -  John Gearries, Christopher Sean, Tanya Zoeller Laid-back baby boomer Yuichi (Ryo Iwamatsu) is a middle-aged manga artist and singer-songwriter when he isn't at his salaryman day job or watching out for his elderly mother. Suffering from increasing dementia since her husband's death, Mitsue (Harue Akagi) is a constant source of comic energy or annoyance for Yuichi, and he and his son must soon decide if they should put her in a home for the elderly. Jumping back in time, we see how Mitsue (played by Kiwako Harada) tracked the tumult of the latter half of the 20th century, being raised as one of 10 brothers and sisters, surviving the war, and having to push her alcoholic husband (Ryo Kase) along in life. "Pecoross" is directed by the oldest active film director in Japan, Azuma Morisaki, who creates an emotionally complex work that is only the more profound and life-affirming for its cartoonish portrayal. Charlie who comes to Spain with a group of artists wants to live a new life, so he runs away from the group to find another job. Later, under some circumstances, his talent for cooking gets him the job of a chef for the Spanish ambassador. The 37-year-old Munich survivor and rickshaw driver Basti struck by lightning than one day unexpectedly the 17-year-old Dina from Bitterfeld turns up on his doorstep and quite credible claims to be his daughter. Moreover, they presented him her baby Paul and asks Basti, fearing further turmoil, not only attention, but also money. The mechanic Behnke wants to join the Nazi party to secure a good living. However, after his Jewish neighbors have been taken away, he changes his views. Trying to remain "a non-political man," he withdraws from reality and becomes a Nazis laborer. On July 14th, 1951, Enzo Ferrari defied all the odds and won his first Grand Prix defeating arch rival, Alfa Romeo. His machine, the Ferrari 375, had enough performance and power to be competitive. But Ferrari's rookie driver, Froilan Gonzalez, was up against world champion and legend, Juan Manuel Fangio. Ferrari bet his reputation, and perhaps his future as a car manufacturer, on a strategy he considered a secret weapon - his car should need less fuel to make it through the race than that of his nemesis. If he's right, Ferrari could win the race and make a name for himself. If he's wrong, it could be another humiliating and devastating defeat. This programme reveals the full story of Enzo's career, from his early days as a racing driver to quitting Alfa Romeo and establishing his own company, Scuderia Ferrari, the tragic loss of his son Dino and, ultimately, the incredible scenes of his first Formula One victory. Ammaa Ki Boli is a comical genre movie directed by Narayan Chauhan and produced by Mukesh Chaudhary under the banner of Street Act Production. The story revolves around an old-aged husbandless mother, her 5 grown-up children's and a second-rate two-seater scooter. The movie features Faruk Zafar as Ammaa in lead role, following with Priyal Patil, Govind Namdev, Sitaram Panchal, Sanjay Mishra, Hrishita Bhatt, Zakir Hussain Actor, Ishtiaq Khan, Shekhar Singh and others in their respective important roles Macky Galvez is a depressed young man contemplating why he had several failed relationships. Galvez meets Ces Bricenio, a modern-day woman who is afraid of commitment. Jimmy in Pienk is a quirky comedy about Jimmy Bester (Louw Venter), a rugged seventh generation "mielie" farmer.  Jimmy's father suddenly dies in a freak accident, he is confronted by two loan sharks who come to collect what his father owes. Jimmy gathers the courage to leave his home and travel to Cape Town to seek help from his uncle (Gys de Villiers), and he is not prepared for what awaits him. Religion, mysticism and reality entwined. A Cast &amp; crew of western culture artists and misfits travel to Gabon, Africa, the believed origin of the Garden of Eden.. home of one of the most powerful psychotropic plants on Earth. Their experience mimicked the script but the film never got made.. the documentary did. Plant loving Hilda, has created a museum where she preserves endangered and rare plants from all over the world. Meanwhile Attilem, a new genetically modified cereal, is launched on the market. Growing with little water and fertilizer while generating high crop field Attilem looks like an ideal solution to eradicate starvation and provide an alternative to diminishing oil reserves. But nothing is at it seems... Dexter and Dee Dee wreck havok using Dexter's latest invention: a hand-held device that turns people into various animals.  The short film that inspired the TV-series. A valet parking attendant borrows a client's car to spend the day with his son, but gets into unexpected trouble. Young career woman Samantha 'Sam' Hoyt gets swept off her feet by Benjamin 'Ben' Rosen, who romances her better then anyone before, so she jumps at the offer of becoming his fiancee. If Ben thought a girls typical obsession with the perfect wedding was testing, she soon proves a particularly bad case, and before he gets used to that meeting each-others parents complicates things gravely, as Jewish and church wedding traditions don't exactly mix easily. They take their time preparing while living together. Then fate strikes again: the key man from the client of her firms advertising campaign is Luke Stinson, the perfect gay at college whom she could never date because of a rather serious fall just when they could have kissed. Luke proves still as irresistible, gorgeous, charming, easy-going and simply too sexy for any female not to lust for at first sight, and... After a childhood of playing cantinas and honky tonks from Texas to Tennessee, this band of brothers 'Los Lonely Boys' from San Angelo Texas rocked their way to the top of the American music industry, determined to fulfill their father's long held dream. An eccentric writer must choose between his work and the love of his life. Looking back, he reflects on whether he has made the right decision. Deep in the Bavarian countryside Kleist's historical drama Michael Kohlhaas is being shot. But instead of shooting a huge epic with impressive costumes and extraordinary props, grown-up men in suits fight with imaginary weapons. What has happened? Young director Lehman is fighting for his film, although all funds have been canceled. He's convinced that the actor's play and the fantasy of the audience will be sufficient. He fights for his vision as much as Kleist's Kohlhaas fights for his rights. This film has to be finished. Whatever may come. Even if he has to go too far. Washington, D.C. psychologist Carol Bennell and her colleague Dr. Ben Driscoll are the only two people on Earth who are aware of an epidemic running rampant through the city. They discover an alien virus aboard a crashed space shuttle that transforms anyone who comes into contact with it into unfeeling drones while they sleep. Carol realizes her son holds the key to stopping the spread of the plague and she races to find him before it is too late. In this bloody long-standing feud, two families seek vengeance against each other as they unmercifully attempt to destroy each other's loved ones. An ambitious city councilman has his life turned upside down when he discovers that his every move is being filmed by a camera crew that only he can see. Gangsters, Gamblers and Geezers is story about two lovable losers, Krish and Lee who get fired from their call centre jobs. After spending all their money in a crazy month of partying, they have no money to pay to Olu, their Nigerian landlord. Olu gives the boys 48 hours to pay their rent or else 'things will get biblical'. A Wall Street investment banker who has been set up as the linchpin of his company's mob-backed Ponzi scheme is relocated with his family to Aunt Madea's southern home. Mark, a hitman haunted by his past as a corrupt Miami cop and the death of his wife and son,  prepares for his next killing. Gradually he becomes fascinated by the beautiful prostitute who lives in the next apartment and they embark on a passionate affair. Their dreams of a life together are complicated by her pimp being a drugs baron; before they can escape he must die, but things are never that simple... The story of a gangster, a pizza boy and a dumb plan. An evil criminal organisation called Sigma kidnap prominment business leaders to harvest their DNA and only Karate-Robo Zaborgar can save them. Paulette lives alone in a housing project in the Paris suburbs. With her meager pension, she can no longer make ends meet.  Despondent and weary, a cat's insurrection she once assumed indefatigable has lapsed, quelled by the rigid, unflinching deluge of societal constraints and expectations that will never abide an aberration like her. The dilapidation this desiccated state has brought hangs heavy 'round her neck, obstructing her convalescence. Clandestine ambitions do not assuage her torment amidst these myopic times, but she has to try. With everything, she'll break free from the paralysis of reverie and cement her abstractions others condemn by whatever means make her unique, or resign to this life.  A film about imagination, in which the protagonist goes on internal journeys around the world, overcoming fears and making new discoveries. A light hearted take on love, relationships and singlehood. A scientific experiment unknowingly brings extraterrestrial life forms to the Earth through a laser beam. First is the cigar smoking drake Howard from the duck's planet. A few kids try to keep him from the greedy scientists and help him back to his planet. But then a much less friendly being arrives through the beam... A 300-year-old Hungarian vampire/succubus disguises itself as a female high school teacher. The teacher seduces and possesses popular students and sends them out to kidnap promiscuous school girls with the intention of draining and drinking their blood in order to retain her erotic beauty. Max, in his imagination, is a "Relentless" heartthrob who makes women swoon. His life takes a turn when he persuades Dan, a young smart, athletic and cultured young man, to take him under his wing and teach him to be everything he ever dreamed of. However, they will compete for the love of the same woman. Psychological horror about a lonely young woman traumatized by a difficult childhood, and her increasingly desperate attempts to connect with the people around her. A match made in stoner heaven turns into a love triangle gone awry when Lyle can't decide which matters most, Nina or Mary Jane.  The cast from the original Hobgoblins reunites for a 20th Anniversary reunion. The actors share wild stories from the set that you'll have to hear to believe. Inter-cut with clips from the film, it follows Hobgoblins' journey from low-budget straight to video feature, to Mystery Science Theater 3000 hit, to becoming voted one of the worst films of all time. Hysterically funny, the actors don't hold anything back. Ustad Hotel is a quaint place run by a foodie named Kareem, who is fondly called Ustad, on a beach in Kozhikode. He sells biriyani - not to make money but to ensure that his biriyani has his customers Faizie's stay in Kozhikode continues for a bit longer than what he had anticipated and during his stay with his grandfather, Faizie unearths a real world that exists beyond the sea and its shores. The film is about the bonding between Faizi and his grandfather and how a few days with his grandfather and Ustad Hotel changes his life for ever. Kaya Yanar (born 20 May 1973 in Frankfurt am Main, Germany) is a German comedian best known for his comedy show Was guckst du?! (Whaddaya lookin' at?!).  In 2006 he ended his comedy show to pursue a film project. In 2012 "Agent Ranjid rettet die Welt" was released. "The Bella Vista" is the story of a house started as a football club, becoming a successful transvestite brothel and changes at last to a Catholic Chapel, all in a small conservative village in Uruguay. In this playful documentary, two transvestites, one brothel's Madam and a gaucho football player, will bring to life this battle for control of a single physical space, driven by the same motivation: passion. A captivating statesman from Americas past takes a modern family on a series of wild adventures, opening their eyes to the origins and importance of the U.S. Constitution. At the age of 10, Australian-born Andi Gibson had what she describes as a close encounter with a flying saucer. Naturally, everyone assumed she was bonkers. That is until one notable evening, 17 years later, when an airborne extra-terrestrial armada launches a nation-wide assault on Andi's home country and at the same time, for unspecified reasons, kidnaps her mother. To add to the debacle, it seems the other nations of the world are far too insulted by their exclusion from the attack to come to Australia's aid. Now it is up to Andi, her hypochondriac brother Elliot, retired boxer cousin Keith and documentary filmmaker friend Cam to stop the attack and rescue Andi's mum. Enlisting the help of Andi's equal-parts mysterious and cringeworthy father, the gang must battle car-chasing spaceships, martial-arts aliens, giant killer robots and, perhaps most frighteningly, a deluge of family secrets in their fight to save Australia. Bloody hell, this is gonna be a long night 5 friends have a plan to rob a transporter that can change their lives. Nuvva Nena (English: You or me) is a Telugu Romantic comedy film directed by debutante P. Narayana and produced by Vamsi Krishna under SVK Cinema banner. The film stars Shriya Saran, Allari Naresh, Sharvanand, and Vimala Raman in lead roles with Brahmanandam, Ali, Jeeva, Srinivasa Reddy, Raghu and Kovai Sarala appearing in other significant role.[4] Bheems composed the film's soundtrack with Mani Sharma providing the background score for the film.It is based on Hindi film Deewana Mastana. Ze (Joe) is just another typical invisible working class man in a big city. He is a quiet, lonely and simple man who works as a janitor at a residential building and also fixes wicker chairs and baskets. Not even the unexpected visit of Jandira, a distant cousin and a woman full of life, seems to have an impact on his routine of silence. However, after suffering a heart attack, Ze is informed by his doctors he only has about six months of life left. Now, both Ze and Jandira will question their values of love, happiness, life and eternity. Based on the numerous options available on sites such as Facebook, Relationship Status tells the story of a number of KL-ites from all walks of life whose relationships are created, changed and sometimes even ruined by social networking and the way we communicate in this day and age. The story of a journalist from Delhi who happens to go to Kashmir and gets caught by STF forces, how her one day in a specially police cell changes her life. A lonely man finds friendship in the last place he expected in this gentle comedy from writer/director Ed Simpson. A serious man with no friends to speak of, Joel Bixby (John Cariani) moves to a small town and strikes up a friendship with vociferous senior Leo Applegate (Edward Asner). When Leo invites Joel to join a small group of men who regularly gather in a small room to exchange stories, Joel sees it as a good opportunity to come out of his shell. But the more time that Joel spends with the group, the clearer it becomes that he was chosen to fill the space left by a dearly departed member who is deeply missed by his old friends.... Over the course of their regular meetings something incredible happens to reclusive Joel he finally realizes that even lifes biggest problems dont seem quite so bad when youve got friends to fall back on in your time of need (IMDb.com) A guy from Croatia is accidentally involved in a world tragedy - the arrival of aliens demanding changes on earth or otherwise we are all gone at 13.11 pm eastern time 21 December... Werner Herzog's exploration of the Internet and the connected world.  A woman grows suspicious of her controlling husband after she discovers secrets about the women in his past. Tells the "riches to rags" story of the Nobles, three upper-class twenty-somethings that appear to have no limits to their checkbooks, and no direction in their lives. Until one day, their father tries to teach them a lesson by staging a financial scandal that forces the whole family to escape to an old house in the poor side of town, and leads the "kids" to do what they haven't done before: get jobs.  A successful author (Ali Fazal) pretends to be a geek in order to impress his girlfriend's (Anisa) brother (Gulshan Grover), because he expects his brother-in-law to be intelligent.Anyway, while the hero's almost on the verge of winning over his girl's bhaiya, his rowdie lookalike shows up, adding to the drama. That's not all. Even the bhaiya has a lookalike which doubles the drama and confusion. Redirecting a wrongly posted letter leads an ex-priest into the fantasist world of an ex-scientist trying to clone Princess Diana, and her enemies hellbent on trying to stop her. Caught in the crossfire of justice and lust, he is forced o choose the right path - but does he know what horror awaits him...? Just Ate tells the story of Eve, a brilliant, young and bulimic chef. Eve spends her time closed off in her room, distracting herself from life with food, or working at the restaurant she manages with her tyrant boss, Martin. She ignores her family, despite living with them, and her only friend is her perverted co-worker, Benji. But when she meets an enigmatic homeless man at the soup kitchen she volunteers at, Eve finds herself wanting to live again. But can a girl with so many secrets ever really let anyone in?  Kenneth Williams was the star of the Carry Ons and Round the Horne. Despite his fame, he led a life full of mental torture as he tried to overcome his homosexuality in 1950s Britain. This film follows his life and eventual death based on the many diaries he kept Vaadhyar film directed by debutant Nidheesh Sakthi and written by Rajesh Raghavan about a government school teacher named Anoop Krishnan, his dream is to become an MBA holder, but circumstances force him to take up teaching profession. He is chosen to work at Kottapuram Saraswathi Vilasam U.P.School, he doesn't do his job properly as he works there with no interest and the problems that occur leads to the rest of the story. If you want to melt away fat, build lean muscle and get serious about your fitness, then join Stephanie Oram and XTFMAX. XTFMAX includes 12 complete workouts designed to shred fat and build long lean muscle in just 90 days. Each workout demonstrates 4 different workout levels so regardless if you are a beginner, or ready to take it to the next level atheletically, this program works for you. Comedy set in Montreal Peter Parker and his friends go on a summer trip to Europe. However, they will hardly be able to rest - Peter will have to agree to help Nick Fury uncover the mystery of creatures that cause natural disasters and destruction throughout the continent. Two goofy hick brothers (Elvis and Aaron), their crazy redneck Momma and sexy sister (Prissy) must exorcise their mobile home of an ancient demon set free to fulfill an end-times prophecy, with the help of a low rent TV evangelist named Reverend Wiggems, or the world will be destroyed. Story of 3 Bachelors wandering for girls When his wife dies, Carl offers his only son, Janeau, 12, a fresh start. They move to Mont Saint-Hilaire, where Janeau makes friends with Julie, a talented Pee-Wee hockey goalie determined to compete in the annual World Tournament held in Quebec. She convinces Janeau to join the team, but he has a hard time being accepted by the rest of the players, including Joey, the star player who has to endure constant pressure from his father. In their first screen appearance together, Stan plays a penniless dog lover and Oliver plays a crook who tries to rob him and his new paramour. The Muslims Are Coming follows a band of Muslim-American comedians as they visit big cities, small towns, rural villages, and everything in between to combat Islamophobia! These Muzzies not only perform standup at each tour stop but create ridiculous interventions in unsuspecting town squares, like the ol' classic, "Ask a Muslim Booth." Saguni is a Tamil political satire film directed by Shankar Dayal. The film features Karthi and Pranitha in the lead roles, while Santhanam, Roja, Prakash Raj, Raadhika Sarathkumar and Nassar appear in supporting roles. The film along with its dubbed Telugu Version Sakuni released on June 22, 2012, It received mixed reviews. David Samuels is from an intellectual Jewish family from the posh Amsterdam Old South, where he is often mistaken as Moroccan because of his dark hair. David is a remarkable man on a mission: to find a ghetto fabulous queen with great tits and thick buttocks. His parents and friends declare him mad, but David continues unabated. His search leads him to the Bijlmer, where, after some wild adventures he is left disappointed. Will David ever find his ideal woman - a large, dark sex goddess with booty and brains? Following the wedding of young Jenny Piper and Arthur Fitton (Hayley Mills and Hywel Bennett), a rowdy reception is held at a local pub where the newlyweds are subjected to much well-meaning but vulgar ribaldry. The couple returns to the Fitton home to spend their first night together before leaving for a honeymoon in Majorca, but they are followed by some of the wedding guests who keep the party going until early morning. Worse yet, when the youngsters finally are permitted to retire, their bed collapses as the result of a practical joke. Documentary spotlighting six Southern 'women who love women' sharing fascinating, personal stories of the kisses that sealed the deal on their sexuality. Neky and Eppo are best friends. They spend their time the best way they know -- watching B-movies and commenting on them for their video blog: Eppo en Neky's Cultcorner. But life as a teenager is far from easy. Especially for Neky, his mother spends most days lying on the couch, his sister is a pain in the ass and his father has just found himself a new Thai girlfriend. Not to mention the fact that Eppo is a magnet at attracting bullies at school. But that's only the beginning -- Neky's life changes drastically once he starts receiving mysterious messages in a bottle, a bunch of Gothic-Punks arrives in the neighborhood, and Eppo becomes obsessively fascinated with a new B-movie, "Escape from the planet of worms"... Most love stories are about losing love or finding it. This is a story about what happens in between. The story of an African American nightclub in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina that was a significant stop on the Chitlin' Circuit in the segregated South. The owner, Charlie Fitzgerald, welcomed blacks and whites to his club. From the 1930s to the 1960s, many of the greatest black musicians played there, including Billie Holiday, Ray Charles, Ruth Brown and Little Richard. In the rapidly economically developing South Korea of 1983, a young teenage boy named Jaeyoung, who is struggling with a strained relationship with his rather remote father, has two dogs named Jinjin and Akida. It soon becomes obvious that Jaeyoung's father cares more for the two dogs than he does for his son. In an attempt to gain his father's attention, Jaeyoung releases one of the dogs into the wild, and this changes everything. Oakland-bred comic and best-selling author Moshe Kasher comes back to the Bay Area in this standup special. Back on his home turf, Kasher finds comedy in these uproarious stories about the people he's met -- and how they see him. Recorded live at the New Parish nightclub in January 2012. Imagine Wes Anderson's Bottle Rocket fused with the reality TV show Survivor, and you might get the slightest inkling of this hilarious buddy-comedy-crime-caper that spins entirely off the rails. Two party-animal, reality TV stars (Jason Trost - The FP, and Lucas Till - X-Men: First Class) are stranded in Thailand. The only way home, and last chance of reclaiming their reality star-status? A treasure map... to a treasure map... Hilarity and adventure ensue in this indie comedic gem. A New Jersey guy dedicated to his family, friends, and church, develops unrealistic expectations from watching porn and works to find happiness and intimacy with his potential true love. Siddharth, Omi, and Jai are close friends and roommates who are studying at Delhi University. Siddharth has completed M.A in Economics and is preparing for Ph.D. Siddharth is very studious and spends most of his time with books whereas Omi and Jai are busy in chasing girls, watching movies or dramas; only common thing among them is smoking. One day Omi and Jai see a girl who is new to their neighborhood and try to impress her by their tricks; they give up when both of them experience shameful events. After some days, Neha shows up as Chamko washing powder salesgirl to their flat, upon seeing whom Jai and Omi hide quickly. Siddharth sees Neha for the first time and a love story begins. But when his two friends find out, they decide to put an end to their relationship as a revenge to the embarrassment inflicted upon them by the girl. Initially, they succeed in separating Siddharth and Neha but later on repent The story of Aiven Raula Pai Gaya has shown the issues which are relatable to common people's life in modern days. Its the story of three college friends, enjoying their young life but mostly it revolves around Rajveer (Ravinder Grewal). Rajveer is the commander of a short army of three friends and leads them to find fun every time. But with his fun loving life, he has to go through some real difficulties at his family level, friendship level and in his love life. When everything is going right in his life suddenly he gets hit with a big shock which changes the motive of his life. Then he decides to take turn towards rectifying all the problems caused because of him. This short film portrays the story of singer Paul Anka, who rose from obscurity to become the idol of millions of adolescent fans around the world. Taking a candid look at both sides of the footlights, this film examines the marketing machine behind a generation of pop singers. Interviews with Anka and his manager reveal their perspective on the industry. Lenny is a surveyor who just lost his job. When a new opportunity arises, he doesn't think twice to take it. What he doesn't know is that this new job will test, not only his abilities, but also his will to survive. Becca and Jason might save the world, or destroy it. The husband-and-wife design team have created "Your Friends Close," a video game which forces you to choose between collaboration and backstabbing in a high stakes multi-player competition. At a party celebrating the sale of their game, a sudden betrayal creates an opportunity for one close friend to share in their life-changing success. But at what cost?  A suspenseful, intimate drama with dark comedic elements and a generous dash of science fiction. A young woman commits a hit-and-run, then finds her fate tied to her victim. When two estranged friends are reunited at a funeral, they embark on a night in Los Angeles. In an attempt to discover the city, they discover themselves. On the same day a burglar wants to kill you and your ex wants to make up - and for the life of it, you can't decide which is worse. Three thirty-something friends band together when their carefree existence is threatened. An inventor creates a camera that can duplicate what it films. Using this camera he attempts to capture and preserve a moment of happiness between himself and his lover in the hope that his duplicate self will be happy forever if the recording is projected in an endless loop. Harde Strenger is about  Bobby, Alex and HK who on day are indebted to the village no.1 asshole "Slegga". Everyone has a way to raise money, these guys have many.  Harde Strenger offers ridiculous situations, dry jokes, action-packed scenes, romantic moments, "raning" and folk music. The Internship is a short film about race, class and privilege within the creative industries. It follows Josh, a young design graduate working in a dead end job has a chance meeting with his idol, a famous design magazine editor who offers him a rare and prestigious internship. However, he must convince a family to who internships mean an extra financial burden, and in an industry in which their culture has never really been well represented; that it's a chance worth taking. LOVE: AS YOU LIKE IT is a no-budget, feature-length film adaptation of William Shakespeare's romantic comedy AS YOU LIKE IT set in modern-day San Francisco's hip Mission District. The film, which features an unique overall vision incorporating both super 8mm film and digital video, follows a group of dynamic characters as they struggle with what it means to love, and to be loved. Unapologetic and unforgettably wild in its approach to combining Shakespeare and cinema, LOVE: AS YOU LIKE IT is simply not to be missed. This is not Shakespeare at its finest; this is Shakespeare the way its meant to be - bold, brave and brassy. Retirement at last! Middle-aged and divorced, company owner Richard Jones is looking forward to a worry-free existence as he arrives at his office on his last day of work. Much to his dismay, he discovers that the management buyout of his company was fraudulent. The company is now bankrupt and the employee pension fund -- including his own -- has been embezzled. Enlisting the help of his ex-wife Kate, Richard sets out to track down the shady businessman behind the fraud... Based on the highly popular series of children books comes the cheerful film-comedy Teach! chronicling the funny misadventures of a young intern teacher at an elementary school. Louise meets Nathan, her dreams resurface. It's also the story of her ailing brother, their mother, and the destiny of a leading family of wealthy Italian industrialists. The story of a family falling apart, a world coming to an end and love beginning. Drake gets into a betting game with his best friend which involves courting the unsuspecting Sophia. When Sophia finally falls for him Drake must tell her that everything was just a game, a bet. Four black students attend an Ivy League college where a riot breaks out over an "African-American" themed party thrown by white students. With tongue planted firmly in cheek, the film explores racial identity in 'post-racial' America while weaving a story about forging one's unique path in the world.  ALL MATEUSZ'S WOMEN is a story of a gallant conqueror of hearts, a carpenter - Mateusz Klos. His random death doesn't stop anything, on the contrary, it is the beginning of an avalanche of events that subvert upside down life of a small, quiet and peaceful town. In a witty, original and full of charm way the film deals with a difficult issue of death When an American filmmaker is commissioned to make a film for a Middle East Biennial on the theme of 'art as a subversive act,' his film is banned for blasphemy, he is asked to destroy every copy, and threatened with arrest. Some of us grew up on the streets. Some of us never grew up. High school senior Tara is so painfully shy that she dreads speaking to anyone in the hallways or getting called on in class. But in the privacy of her bedroom with her iPod in hand, she rocks out -- doing mock broadcasts for Miami's hottest FM radio station, which happens to be owned by her stepfather. When a slot opens up at The SLAM, Tara surprises herself by blossoming behind the mike into confident, "Radio Rebel" -- and to everyone's shock, she's a hit! A coming-of-age movie that tells a story unfolding in every high school around the country -- a story of kids hiding their true identities in plain sight, even as they feverishly pursue their hearts' desires. Young friends struggle to come to grips of getting older. An agoraphobic psychologist and a female detective must work together to take down a serial killer who copies serial killers from the past. Guto, aspiring actor, dreams of hitting the big-time in Sao Paulo. He takes classes, rehearses, works out, auditions. He knows his big chance could find him anyplace, at any moment. His idol and role model is Zeca, an old-school TV comedian who--even on his last legs-- still lives on in the hearts of a generation. When their paths intersect, Guto's luck begins to change. But is that really possible? A dark comedy, set in Dublin, Ireland. It follows two final year Trinity College students, Charlie (womanizer) and Ken (virgin), over the course of 2 life-changing months. After Ken enlists Charlie to help him lose his virginity, things don't go to plan for either of them. What do you do when you find yourself in need? You pick up your phone and start calling. But what if everyone seems out of reach? What if you appear to be disconnected from any available network, mobile or not? And what if the only phone call back is the one you dread the most? A washed up wrestler decides to come out of retirement. A detective from Hong Kong teams up with an American gambler to battle against a notorious Chinese criminal. The trials and tribulations of the latest Indie Folk Star - Jolene. Indian bilingual romantic comedy film based on the same-titled short film directed by debutant Balaji Mohan. Starring Siddharth and Amala Paul,the film was simultaneously produced in both Tamil and Telugu languages When old flames reunite, will it be second time's the charm or a case of once bitten twice shy? Jimmy and Cherie, two ex-lovers from Hong Kong, cross paths in Beijing and can't seem to forget each other, despite being involved with someone else. Torn between fidelity towards their new partners or following their hearts, they explore the struggles, doubts and fears that exist among modern young couples 'Electoral Dysfunction' uses irreverent humor to illuminate how voting works - and doesn't work - in America. Hosted by Mo Rocca (a Correspondent for CBS News, a panelist on NPR's 'Wait, Wait ... Don't Tell Me!' and a former Correspondent for 'The Daily Show'), the film is structured as a road trip that begins when Mo makes an eye-opening discovery: The Constitution does not guarantee the right to vote, putting America in the company of Libya, Iran and Indonesia. Mo explores the battle over voter fraud and voter I.D.; searches for the Electoral College; critiques ballot design with Todd Oldham; and encounters experts and activists across the political spectrum who offer commentary on why our voting system is broken and how it can be fixed. A demeaning game-show appearance, an ill-advised mushroom-picking outing that goes horribly off the rails, inquiries from a cynical reporter -- things just keep getting worse for the middle-aged politician at the centre of Estonian director Toomas Hussar's satire about a shallow, fame-obsessed post-Cold War culture. (TIFF) All the couples are back for a wedding in Las Vegas, but plans for a romantic weekend go awry when their various misadventures get them into some compromising situations that threaten to derail the big event. With dark shades on and a burning cigarette between his lips, Makoy will do whatever it takes to get back his girlfriend Sonia, who's pregnant with their child. He makes the trip to remote Pulupandan, her hometown, and is quickly rebuffed by Sonia's mother Fely. But Makoy has never been one to give up. With the help of Sonia's father Nestor and his ever-dependable helper Bart, Makoy stays in town to surprise Sonia on her birthday. But alas, Makoy gets into trouble with a group of townsfolk who transform into tiktik--horrific, man-eating creatures with a taste for fetuses that are still in the womb! They are angry, and they are hungry for revenge. Will their thirst for blood and retribution be quenched? Will Makoy finally get his act together, protect Sonia and their baby, and once and for all prove himself worthy of their love? Who will win in the battle between men and monsters? The Franchise Shane Douglas accidentally kills a wrestler in the ring. The wrestler's brother Angus seeks revenge by surrendering his soul to an ancient demon to gain the power to raise the undead. Angus then pays for a private show at an empty prison to lure Douglas and his friend Rowdy Roddy Piper into a death trap. A young businessman, bent on success, loses everything and discovers a family that he never knew he had. Juan is in his 30s, bored with his life, and isolated from his friends. He is just dedicated to being a good boyfriend. One day, his girlfriend dumps him, and he leaves the house they shared not knowing where to go. Eventually, he rents an apartment, reunites with his friends and when he starts enjoying his life again, his chief assignes him a job with Luciana, a colleague from the office. Juan doesn't tolerate her, but for those rare things that sometimes happens, he starts to fall in love. In World War II era Los Angeles, the manager of the Culver Hotel leaves his nephew in charge for a weekend. The nephew changes the name to the Hotel Rainbow and overbooks with royalty, assassins, secret agents, Japanese tourists, and munchkins (from the cast of _Wizard of Oz, The (1939)_ ). Secret Service agent Bruce Thorpe and casting director Annie Clark find romance amidst the intrigue and confusion. Meet Zach. Nice guy. Terrible taste in women. They leave him, but they never forget him. He's heading into the next bad break-up when the newest fad in H2O drinks starts turning his ex girlfriends into zombies who have one idea - getting back together with Zach! Three friends must stop the Ex's and save the world. Boris is a satisfied fifty-year-old man with a wife, a daughter, a son, and... A lover. Younger one, of course. But he suddenly runs out of luck and thinks up a new plan to get back his harmonic life. However, with each new move he becomes more tangled up in a web of unexpected situations, his baits fall on unforeseen places, and his marital triangle gets more and more angles... Usual good fun show with plenty of belly laughing jokes without too much obsenity easy listening country humour with a few sketches. The film tells the story of a parrot who after being sold to traffickers of animals as a child at the time of Marcos Perez Jimenez, passes from hand to hand all his life and changing its name depending on your business, while being observed before his eyes the evolution of Venezuela for 50 years (1950 to 2000). Gianna is a theater actress who tries to stage a show, but meanwhile she has to take care of her elderly mother. Santos, a fighter finished pacheco overweight and suffers from his recent divorce with Busty Mendoza, a voluptuous and wild woman fighter. To get out of your depression, Santos begins a campaign to help Sahuayo Zombies (gray and harmless characters with which fully identifies). However, his philanthropic campaign soon becomes a very profitable business that leverages Santos for their benefit. The population becomes a zombie plague and Busty Santos threatens to dispose of them. However, the Peyote Murderer (rivals Santos) who gets rid of the zombies. But the world without zombies turns out to be worse than anyone could have imagined and the only chance to save the nation is that the Saints and the Peyote work together to return to repopulate the world Sahuayo zombies. A film where anything can happen - the hero and the heroine changes their faces, age, look, names, and so on. The only same thing: The love between man and woman... in an archetypical love story cut from 500 classics from all around the world. For a long time, a group of friends have been on a yearly summer trip to Laholm. This year, they want to go somewhere else, at least everyone except Ulf, who force the others to join the trip - by saying he has cancer. The film is an ensemble comedy written and directed by Pedro Almodovar. When it appears as though the end is in sight, the pilots, flight crew, and passengers of a plane heading to Mexico City look to forget the anguish of the moment and face the greatest danger, which we carry within ourselves. Film starring Lauren Myers, Israel Wright and Merritt Glover  A spoof of all the "found-footage/documentary style" films released in recent years. During a weekend corporate retreat, her best friends convince unlucky-in-love Lonnie to "switch the script" and take control of men. Lonnie impresses every man in the place with her beauty and charm-most importantly, her boss' good-looking son David. Now, Lonnie tries to embrace her new personality without turning away what quite possibly may be "Mr. Right." Detective Sara Ross leads her misfit Police team on a hunt to find Pinsky, the world's most notorious prostitution ring leader, only to come head to head with Mavis Bonder's FBI team, causing a stir in her case and her short temper. Funnyman Gary Owen (Think Like A Man, TV's "House of Payne") has been entertaining America for over a decade with his brutally honest, side-splitting comedy and is one of the hottest talents in stand-up comedy in the country. Now Owen is back with his no-holds-barred, untamed brand of humor in the all-new hit comedy performed LIVE from Las Vegas to sold-out audiences.  This side splitting release from comedian Gary Owen captures a live stand-up performance recorded in front of a live, sold-out crowd in Las Vegas, and featuring Owen's trademark unbridled brand of sharp commentary. Larry hosts the biggest, the silliest, most excellent countdown of Silly Songs in the history of Silliness! Find out the #1 songs from first and second decades of VeggieTales Silly Songs, voted on by you - the fans!! PLUS witness the debut of an all-new, sure-to-be-favorite Silly Song picked from thousands of fan submitted entries! BAD BLOOD chronicles how a "miracle" treatment for hemophilia became an agent of death for 10,000 Americans. A documentary on the history of the song "Hava Nagila." For his 50th birthday Marcos only receives an invitation to the wedding of the only woman he loved; 30 years ago. With the chinese mafia after his restaurant and the shattered dream of becoming a writer, Marcos decides to go to the wedding. Fernando, the irresponsible delivery guy joins Marcos in this cross-country adventure. Will they make it ti the wedding on time? After a quick courtship, two lovers hastily decide to tie the knot. As their first year of marriage unfolds, temptation and incompatibility put their relationship in jeopardy. The friendship between two life-long girlfriends is put to the test when one starts a family and the other falls ill. Ten actresses live in a folk hotel to prepare musical performances. One of the famous actresses suddenly disappeared without a cause, although less one, but the musical or as usual, but until the end of the show, the missing was still not found, it became a case. A year later, the remaining nine women each received a mysterious letter. This twisted Iranian narrative follows a mysterious couple from Tehran as they distribute large bags of money in an impoverished mountain border town. Beginning as a black comedy, the film's mood transforms as the games played by Kaveh (director Mani Haghighi) and Leyla (Taraneh Alidoosti) become increasingly perverse, as they find inventive ways of humiliating the recipients of the cash. The immorality of the central characters is at times sickening, and their chain of lies is often as puzzling to us as they are to the townsfolk depicted onscreen. What is the relationship between the pair and why are they giving away money to the needy? Modest Reception has no easy answers nor pat resolutions - instead Haghighi takes the viewer on an intriguing ride into the dark recesses of the human spirit. A group of B-string superheroes go on a reality show in hopes of hitting the big time. An alien intending to claim Earth for his people before their homeworld is destroyed by a comet decides not to eliminate humanity when he hears their music. Instead, he lives among them until another alien is sent to find and kill him. Jorge has no money or insurance when his wife needs heart surgery, so he decides to rob a bank. The film is revolves around a set of people out of the oddball and whose fallacy about each other's backgrounds leads them into a muddled situation. The outcome of the whole chaotic scenario is comically related marital mix ups. The film in the end is a total bedlam that the guys hide their wives and family from each other. Guam, U.S.A.  Thursday, November 24, Thanksgiving Day. Alex, a local newspaper photographer, gets into a "green card marriage" with her good friend James, a Guam-born Filipino.  Miriam, a former member of the Philippine press and now an established Guam journalist, longs to repair a damaged relationship with her American husband.  Ella, a hotel housekeeper for almost 20 years, finds means of sending her 88-year old mother to the Philippines with the uncertainty of coming back.  As the island of Guam celebrates this classic American holiday when people count their blessings and give thanks, the lives of the three Filipina immigrants intersect and find themselves at a tug-o-war of sacrifice and significance where they must find their home or must they find it somewhere else. After the forced suicide of Nobunaga Oda at the Incident at Honno-ji, powerful figures Katsuie Shibata (Koji Yakusho), Hideyoshi Toyotomi (Yo Oizumi), Nagahide Niwa (Fumiyo Kohinata) and Tsuneoki Ikeda (Koichi Sato) meet to decide on a successor. The conference would become Japan's first group made political decision. The meeting was known as the Kiyosu Kaigi.  --AsianWiki An Honest Liar tells the incredible story of the world-famous magician, escape artist, and world-renowned enemy of deception, James 'The Amazing' Randi. The film brings to life Randi's intricate investigations that publicly exposed psychics, faith healers, and con-artists with quasi-religious fervor. A master deceiver who came out of the closet at the age of 81, Randi created fictional characters, fake psychics, and even turned his partner of 25 years, Jose Alvarez, into a sham guru names Carlos. When Sanju a master safe cracker teams up with two dangerous criminals to commit one last heist. The robbery is successful and Sanju is given the task of hiding the money till things cool down and the booty can be split. Three months later, the associates return to collect their share of the loot, but Sanju refuses to even recognize them! They realize he enrolled into an accident and is suffering from strong amnesia and decide to stay with Sanju and his wife Neetu until Sanju remembers where he hid the money. What dangerous game is Sanju playing? A retrospective documentary about the groundbreaking horror series, Friday the 13th, featuring interviews with cast and crew from the twelve films spanning 3 decades. New York manicurist Mamie Murphy plans to marry a rich man, so she repeatedly turns down the proposals of honest reporter David Haines. When she is announced the winner of $2,500 and a ticket worth $150,000 for champion horse Lady Luck, if the horse wins an upcoming race, Mamie is pursued by wealthy sportsman Jack Conroy and nightclub owner and racketeer Tony Morelli. A young boxer is taken under the wing of a mob boss after his mother dies and his father is run out of town for being an abusive alcoholic. After she has been dumped by her boyfriend, Pauline allows her sister to take her to a palace on the Italian Riviera.  Instead of savouring the delights of a carefree existence, Pauline prefers to take on the role of an amateur sleuth, convinced that a crime has been committed in the environs.  She ropes a handsome lifeguard into her investigation... A single woman runs a rent-a-cat service to provide companions for lonely people. The Tentacle's Claw is the story of one man's quest to use the power of mind control to take over the world, and the one woman who could stop him. Dr. Demonious Horlack has set up his laboratory of horrors in a quiet, seaside town. The former Nazi scientist has devised a way to control simple creatures using the power of the mind. With the help of his assistant Gunda, he has gained power over a giant cephalopod, and is using the creature as his personal assassin. Fortunately for the people of the planet, there is a schoolteacher, Marie LeMay, living in the same town. As the traumatic tentacle attacks start to take their gruesome toll, Marie begins to unlock innate, psychic abilities. Her brain scientist boyfriend, Professor Dick Goodwin, helps her recognize the potential she has deep within the recesses of her mind. The stage is set for an epic, psychic showdown. But can she prevail... An over-the-top horror/comedy that centers around a small Texas town terrorized by evil possessed baby dolls! Speckles, a ferocious tarbosaurus and his young son junior, mourning the loss of their family in an epic battle, roam the lands in search of food, adventure and peace. Under the watchful eye of his dad, Junior is growing up healthy and strong, but with an overconfidence thanks to his young age. After one encounter results in Junior being kidnapped, Speckles embarks on an adventure to the ends of earth to find his son. Encountering friend and foe, ally and enemy, Speckles will stop at nothing and will take on all corners to save his offspring. Patriarch and entrepreneur August Manzl is terminally ill. As his four grown-up children are all spoiled and sluggish, he comes up with a rather cynical idea to determine the future leader of the families empire: whoever of his children shows the courage and willpower to end his suffering within the next week will become the sole heir - and simultaneously proof the skills necessary to succeed in a modern business world. Between the children a murderous competition evolves. Recent MIT grad Matt Franklin should be well on his way to a successful career at a Fortune 500 company, but instead he rebels against maturity by taking a job at a video store. Matt rethinks his position when his unrequited high-school crush, Tori, walks in and invites him to an end-of-summer party. With the help of his twin sister and his best friend, Matt hatches a plan to change the course of his life. The stand-up comedian is a special breed, both an artist and an artisan. They work by painstakingly developing a persona, scripting and editing an act, and revising it on the spot to suit the energy of a given audience. If the audience does not grasp the countless hours crafting the routine, and the empathic micro-calculations, then the act was a success... well, as long as it was funny. When whites hunger after the gold on Ute Indian land, a bigoted young man finds himself forced into a peacekeeping role. In 1923 a Japanese comes to Munich and immediately falls in love with a street artist with a red hat, without knowing her past is. She turns to the Japanese, for the first time she thinks she has found her really great love- exotic stranger attracts her. They say a lot, but they do not understand each other - but they can show their love. Nevertheless, the relationship is doomed to failure from the beginning. Disappointment, death and loss. I'm not entirely sure what this one's about, folks, but that hasn't stopped me from watching the embedded trailer a couple of times tonight. It's a little jarring and a touch annoying, but that, I think, is what makes this film so alluring. Although a proper synopsis detailing a few plot points would be nice to have, all you really need to know about the flick resides in its title. There is, in fact, a dinner party taking place, and crazy things are happening at a mad rapid pace. Beyond that, your guess is as good as mine. But don't waste your time over-thinking it.  Director Shang Jing's "Crazy Dinner Party", which stars Fan Wei, Huang Bo, Monica Mok, Liu Hua, and Liang Guanhua, opens in China on January 23rd, 2012. When will the rest of us get to partake in said festivity? That remains to be seen Frits and Freddy Frateur are brothers who, after a confrontation with the white collar criminal Carlo Mus, kidnap his wife, Gina. The situation for the brothers goes from bad to worse as more and more people get involved, and all want a share of the ransom money. Part interpretive history, part nature documentary, part biography, "Under the Hollywood Sign" combines archival pictures, new HD footage and interviews to tell the story of Beachwood Canyon, Los Angeles. Hailey attends her niece's school recital only to learn that the beloved music teacher has vanished. Hailey soon discovers several startling secrets amongst the staff, as well as a link between the missing young teacher and the school's reconstruction funds. Sex sells in America and these guys know it. The Amateurs follows a small town band of loveable losers who hit upon an idea that can make their dreams and fantasies come true. Thinking they've found the road to riches and fame they decide to make the world's most innocent adult film. Everyman's fantasy turns into a hilarious misadventure when they find they're in way over their heads. In 2016, GRAMMY-nominated trio Above & Beyond left the electronic world behind, risking it all to go acoustic. Their new film Above & Beyond Acoustic - Giving Up The Day Job, follows the group's unlikely journey from the DJ booth to the Hollywood Bowl. An architect heads to the altar with her fiance, unsure of  her marriage and their future. She relives her disastrous  wedding day, put together by her fiance's overbearing  mother, over and over until, with the help of his brother,  she begins to face her biggest fears and discover what she  really wants in herself and in her life. Victor Tellez is an intellectual, world-weary film critic who prefers to think in French and eschew the cliches of romantic movies...until he finds himself living a sappy, feel-good love story of his own. George Biddle, CPA is a swashbuckling accountant challenged by Ronald Black, his old high school math nemesis, now a rogue IRS Agent. Their last childhood face-off ended in controversy... and now Black wants a rematch. He's leading our hero down a paper-trail of challenges (loosely based on the Twelve Labors of Hercules) that culminate in a renewed face-off at the Biddle Family Chicken Farm and Feather Pillow Factory. Cal Weaver is living the American dream. He has a good job, a beautiful house, great children and a beautiful wife, named Emily. Cal's seemingly perfect life unravels, however, when he learns that Emily has been unfaithful and wants a divorce. Over 40 and suddenly single, Cal is adrift in the fickle world of dating. Enter, Jacob Palmer, a self-styled player who takes Cal under his wing and teaches him how to be a hit with the ladies. Sonja, a city girl from Zagreb, a vegetarian and a hardcore animal-rights activist, strongly opposes bullfighting in Dalmatinska zagora (Dalmatian Hinterland). People find this irritating and they conclude that no matter how passionately Sonja loves animals, she would never dare to stand in front of a bull. Bets are raised and Sonja faces a challenge in the form of Ante, known far and wide for his powers of persuasion. A worldwide filmmaking collaboration. Composed of fifty 2 minute scripts by different writers, with each script to be filmed by a different filmmaker they will be edited together to make one feature length film. Following the release of Zombie Women of Satan, the movie about the events of the first film, Pervo's career hasn't quite gone to plan. Shunned and unwanted, he's a fading star. But not to be defeated, he returns to this sequel with a new manager, a trusty bodyguard and the beautiful actress Dahlia Von Rose as they tour the country promoting their new movie. With things looking bleak though, it seems Pervo's fifteen minutes of fame are just about over. However, a chance encounter with a mystery millionaire could turn all their fortunes around. But is it a chance encounter? Or a diabolical revenge plot? Lured to a party at an enormous mansion, all is going well until those zombie women escape and end up running wild.  'Children of the Stars' is the strange but true story of a UFO contactee group who relive their past lives on other planets by making their own science fiction films.  In 1973, Ruth Norman, a 73-year-old widow and self described cosmic visionary, purchased 67 acres of land in the mountains east of San Diego, California as a landing site for the Space Brothers (emissaries from the Intergalactic Confederation). Nearly 40 years later, a group of dedicated followers still await their arrival. Katsuya Maruyama (Hiraoka Takuma) is a middle school student boy full of obscene thoughts. He then meets Tatsuo Shimoi (Tsuyoshi Kusanagi), a single father who moves into the same apartment complex. Tatsuo Shimoi is a bit of an enigma, not getting along with the housewives in the apartment complex and doesn't appear to work.Through meeting the mysterious single father, Katsuya grows as a person. The world's got a lot of problems, but Vir Das has a lot of answers as he discusses travel, religion, his childhood and more in this stand-up special. Sean &amp; Kikki fly to Africa to record the coolest video ever.  Eat Spirit Eat is an absurdist comedy about Oliver and a pack of misfit orphans growing up in a foster home. Oliver spends his childhood incessantly flipping through TV channels in the hopes of getting a glimpse of his actor father who he has never met. Challo Driver is the story of Arjun Kapoor, a fiery young construction magnate and Tanya Malhotra, an arts graduate from Chandigarh -- who unwittingly becomes his chauffeur. He has a penchant for firing drivers and she has a proclivity for quitting jobs until fate -- and an unassuming bet -- throws them into the deep end and they have to stick out together for a stipulated period of 6 months!  A Punjabi comedy.  A woman who lives in a lighthouse takes action against her childhood sweetheart who runs a beach hotel. A horror feature film about 4 girls who move into their first off-campus house only to find that the owner is a soul-eater. The director Daniel Sanchez Arevalo ('Azuloscurocasinegro', 'Cousins  '), he embarks on a new comedy that has as a backdrop the World Cup in South Africa and the setting is a wedding that takes precisely the day of the final. This will be the occasion in which five brothers, all with biblical names, Adam, Daniel, Caleb, Benjamin and Ephraim, gather to celebrate the engagement of Ephraim, the youngest of them, who marries his pregnant girlfriend. Will hours of uncertainty, joy and euphoria back, but it's time to unite for a common good. Can all together to face the situation and erected winners heading? Promiscuous things going on every night at LKF. Tonight, a photographer hits it off with a girl that just broke up with her rich ex-boyfriend; an office boy in advertising mistakes his cell phone for a pretty married woman's; a broker gets to know a prostitute a lot more than he should; a patrol officer comes across a female DJ working at a night club, they're like familiar strangers to each other. Camille was only sixteen and still in high school when she fell in love with Eric, another student. They later married and a child and were happy for a while. But now twenty-five years have passed and Eric leaves her for a younger woman. Bitter and desperate Camille drinks so much liquor at a New Year Eve's party that she falls into an ethylic coma and she finds herself... propelled into her own past! Camille is sixteen again when she wakes up this morning, her parents are not dead anymore and she must go to school, where she will meet her schoolmates and, of course, Eric. Is she going to fall for him again and... be miserable twenty-five years later? Or will she avoid him with the result never having her beloved daughter? Who ever said that time traveling was fun? Nearly 15 years in the making, Chris Sullivan's Consuming Spirits is a meticulously constructed tour de force of experimental animation. Shooting frame by frame in 16mm, Sullivan seamlessly blends together a range of techniques--cutout animation, pencil drawing, collage, and stop-motion animation--into a distinct, signature visual style. In the process, he constructs a hypnotic, layered narrative, a suspenseful gothic tale that tracks the intertwined lives of three kindred spirits working at a local newspaper in a Midwestern rust belt town. The accumulation of these images builds to a great atmospheric effect, achieved through an adroit combination of inventive set design, ever-shifting visual perspectives, fluid camera movements, a vivid color palette, and a haunting music track. Sullivan succeeds in creating, with great artistry, a hermetic, self-contained world emanating from his own unique and vivid imagination. (Jon Gartenberg, Tribeca Film Festival) In mid-1990s America, we follow the tragic sex life of Jolie Jolson, a wannabe thug (and great-great-grandson of legendary vaudevillian Al Jolson) in suburban Washington as he strives to become something he can never be - black. Spring (Teresa Mo) and her daughter, Autumn (Karena Ng), work respectively as a Designer and Steward Manager in a Multinational Enterprise of Men's Underwear founded by their brother and uncle Hugo(Raymond Wong). To win back his ex-girlfriend, Miao (Hai Qing), who is now a World Class Fashion Designer; Hugo pretends his business to be at a brink of bankruptcy and hoping to recruit her for help. Miao seizes the opportunity to take revenge on Hugo and she demands him to establish a new Fashion Line name to achieve positive results before she will accept the offer. In this completely improvised mockumentary, questionably talented documentary filmmaker Angie hopes to save her failed career by turning her camera on the all-time low point in her longtime roommate Diane's desperate search for love. Meenakshi, a Marathi gal with an ultra-sensitive sense of smell, lives her life in her dreams, dancing and enacting her favourite actresses Sridevi, Madhuri and Juhi. Not believing in arranged marriages, Meenakshi awaits her prince when she comes across Tamil artist Surya, to whom she is strangely attracted to. The rock band North America has invested everything in its music for 17 years, but the big breakthrough has not come true and the members are thinking of disbanding. All of a sudden they get an invitation to a mysterious talent show weekend. In this entry in the MGM "Crime Does Not Pay" series young Frank Davis, dropping out of school and joining a small-time hoodlum gang, finds out that leading a life of crime is not all he thought it would be. Broderna Hardrock is a film about two brothers who are planning a heavy metal convention in their sleepy village. Their mother, the village priest, worries about them and wants them to settle down and have families. A young female teacher and line dance instructor in the village sets both their hearts beating faster and, unaware of each other's feelings, they enter a battle to win her affections. Four people whose lives have come to a standstill. Killjoy is back in the fourth installment of the demonic clown series. This time Killjoy is being accused of not being evil, since he let one of his victims(Sandie) get away. Killjoy must rely on his only chance of proving how evil he really is... get Sandie into hell as his witness. Vera is a TV star, her fiance Constantine - a professional tennis player. They're going to get married soon. Veterinarian Nikita and beautiful surgeon Ilona are also in a hurry to formalize the relationship. But one crazy morning destroy all their plans. Nani is a flower decorator, madly in love with his neighbor Bindhu. He gets killed by the baddie, Sudeep, a powerful businessman. Nani comes back as a housefly to get his revenge. Fioravante decides to become a professional Don Juan as a way of making money to help his cash-strapped friend, Murray. With Murray acting as his "manager", the duo quickly finds themselves caught up in the crosscurrents of love and money.  An original television film about a city who goes to the village for vacations and finds real friends there. Four teams from the grittiest corners of Chicago meet for a no holds barred dodge ball tournament. Comedy about the crazy adventures of three friends - Alexey, Tolik and Marina, who decided to commit suicide. Four life-long friends who fail miserably in the dating world, set out to find the 'Perfect' way to pickup women. The lessons learned through their trials however turn out to be a lot more than they originally bargained for. Lee Hanlon, the smartest student at an elite military school called the Complex, is intrigued by the academy's Black Skulls brotherhood but finds himself thrust into the role of global savior when he discovers their devilish origin. Wadjda is a 10-year-old girl living in a suburb of Riyadh, the capital of Saudi Arabia. Although she lives in a conservative world, Wadjda is fun loving, entrepreneurial and always pushing the boundaries of what she can get away with. After a fight with her friend Abdullah, a neighborhood boy she shouldn't be playing with, Wadjda sees a beautiful green bicycle for sale. She wants the bicycle desperately so that she can beat Abdullah in a race. But Wadjda's mother won't allow it, fearing repercussions from a society that sees bicycles as dangerous to a girl's virtue. So Wadjda decides to try and raise the money herself... Frank is a man who thinks he has lost everything, until his house is destroyed by a tornado. Then when he goes to the insurance company, he's told they won't pay because the damage falls under the "Act of God" exclusion in his policy. With nothing left, and nothing left to lose, he decides to sue God himself for damages, naming representatives of the world's religions as defendants in the suit. What starts as a ridiculous stunt, becomes a beautiful, funny, soulful odyssey in which he rediscovers that love itself... requires a leap of faith. Freemont Gordon isn't passionate about his successful Architecture job in Los Angeles. After he turns 30, he finds his job isn't enough and he quits and goes on a road trip. Along the way, he meets the most amazing and generous everyday folks. Freemont shows his thanks by building secret tree houses for the families in hopes of giving their kids fun places to play. Freemont finds that doing what he loves is what matters most. A Harvard Medical School graduate takes a position at a mental institution and soon becomes obsessed with a female mental patient, but he has no idea of a recent and horrifying staffing change. This creature feature tells the story of a an old grumpy man (the hermit) on revenge, a pack of hunters and a rugby gorilla mascot running for his life, with one thing in common: an alien being that has crashed to earth, eating anyone in its path. Now it's up to the heroes to stop this menacing creature at all cost. Fat Cat is a gangster comedy set in Italy and in London. It 's the story of two goofy criminals from Italy that get in trouble with their boss, a schizophrenic and flamboyant crime lord named Mosca, and will struggle to come out of this situation alive. Karen, Kristel and Josje of K3 are overjoyed that their three nieces come to spend the weekend at their apartments. The joy quickly turns sour because the three girls appear to be spoiled brats. This attracts the attention of chief Angel Manuel. In the Cloud Kingdom, where the angels live, Manuel is the director of the Department of rascals. The children who are little rascal, should stay honest for 24 hour and strictly follow the rules of the Angels Book. Because if they do not, is a very special punishment.  Manuel orders his assistant Ture to change the three nieces' character, but he instead takes K3, by mistake. Now they need to behave for 24 hours, a task which reveals itself very difficult. When yet another anniversary passes without a marriage proposal from her boyfriend, Anna decides to take action. Aware of a Celtic tradition that allows women to pop the question on Feb. 29, she plans to follow her lover to Dublin and ask him to marry her. Fate has other plans, however, and Anna winds up on the other side of the Emerald Isle with handsome, but surly, Declan -- an Irishman who may just lead Anna down the road to true love. Bobby, New York City 'super' of a tenement building, attempts to carry out his mother's last dying secret wish. Tale of life, love and the pursuit of happiness... in Cleveland. Nine vignettes about love: an old war hero defends the honor and memory of a long-lost love; a man's past comes to light in the midst of a perfect date; a recently separated paramedic gets more than he bargains for when he is thrust in the middle of a domestic dispute; a desperate man employs his friends in an elaborate scheme to meet the girl of his dreams, a recovering sex addict returns home to start a new life. There are thousands of stories of love, lust, loss and despair all over Cleveland-these are just a few of them. The death of Roberto, the canary, forces a family to come to terms with their own grief. The peeping tom rom-com 'How To Meet Girls From A Distance' is a funny and heartwarming film that looks at how far we go for a crush. Premiering in Wellington as part of the New Zealand International Film Festival, How To Meet Girls From A Distance tells the story of Toby. Trying to win the heart of the beautiful Phoebe, he is determined to become the man of her dreams. A middle-aged golfer and lifelong womanizer finally gets a taste of his own medicine when he meets a confident but needy female lawyer. A comedy about funny adventures of the married couple on the remote island. Steve and Harry become involved in an art theft. Harry is framed by the crooks, and arrested by the police. Steve has to prove his brother's innocence. A group of mysterious villains known as 'The Alliance' sets a trap for the Taxpayer. They imprison him, torture him, and make plans to publicly crucify him. Local janitor Richard Randolph rounds up retired Superheroes, and hatches a plan to rescue the Taxpayer. The villains stage a public rally, where many citizens come to watch the Taxpayer's crucifixion. The heroes invade the bad guy lair, and a large battle ensues. Various comedic and action-packed musical numbers are intertwined throughout the madness. In the midst of the big political debate and battle for mankind will the heroes save the day? Robert Brown is an agnostic Shakespearean actor. His new girlfriend, Valerie, drags him to church after a night of pre-marital sin. He is impressed with the amount of money given to Valerie's church, and he's especially impressed with the reverend's $70,000 Hummer. Robert and his stoner friend, Gary, realize that being a preacher is a lot like acting - you memorize a monologue, you put on a costume, you do a show, and people give you money. So Robert and Gary decide to create their own church and Robert transforms into the Rockin' Reverend. His sermons are controversial, being an agnostic. As he becomes successful, he is tempted by greed, lust, and drugs. He must choose between being a rock star reverend or being a good father, loyal friend, faithful boyfriend. Down and out, directionless, and without a driver's license, Emma is going nowhere fast and she knows it. The men and women this bisexual enigma has been sleeping with think she's a waitress, an artist or a kindergarten teacher... while in reality, she works in a seedy porn shop, dressing up nightly as various "sexy" characters. One night at the local Albany bar, Emma meets Mason, a transgender IT technician who seems to have it all. Could Mason be the knight in shining armor she's been searching for? Soon, Emma finds her web of carefully crafted lies beginning to unravel when she encounters one of the few things she hasn't before- sincere feelings for another person. Little Bi Peep... it's hard to find someone to love ewe.  A man struggles to save his family-owned restaurant as it is running in loses. He soon falls for a health inspector keen on shutting down the place. When his brother enters the scene, things get worse. Poverty stricken lovers Eden and Matilda have enough trouble just getting through the days, but when Eden buys a pet spider the real troubles start. Through hypnotism and telepathic mind control, a sinister music maestro controls the singing voice, but not the heart, of the woman he loves. A new Turkish Superman Mark (Casper Crump) and Laura (Mille Lehfeldt) are lovers. He is a singer in a failed boyband. She is getting tired of playing second fiddle to the relationship. But one day Laura is measured by the talent seeker Aslan, and it turns out that she is unbelievably talented. Laura becomes confident and successful. At the same time, Mark's career is going downhill. Mark discovers that talent can not only be measured but also stolen by Aslan's machine. In the name of love Mark sucks all of the talent out of his unsuspecting girlfriend and shoots for the stars - with massive consequences at home. Campus rivals bond over hockey. A pair of weed-loving, free lance video journalists find themselves targeted by a mark they slandered in one of their exposes. The journey of Manolo, a young man who is torn between fulfilling the expectations of his family and following his heart. Before choosing which path to follow, he embarks on an incredible adventure that spans three fantastical worlds where he must face his greatest fears. The year is 1991, and Spud Milton's long walk to manhood is still creeping along at an unnervingly slow pace. Approaching the ripe old age of fifteen and still no signs of the much anticipated ball-drop, Spud is coming to terms with the fact that he may well be a freak of nature. With a mother hell-bent on emigrating, a father making a killing out of selling homemade moonshine, and a demented grandmother called Wombat, the new year seems to offer little except extreme embarrassment and more mortifying Milton madness. But Spud is returning to a boarding school where he is no longer the youngest or the smallest. His dormitory mates, known as the Crazy Eight, have an unusual new member and his house has a new clutch of first years (the Normal Seven). If Spud thinks his second year will be a breeze, however, he is seriously mistaken. Gloria returns to her bleak home town after failing as a singer in New York. She falls for a grifter who claims to be the former manager of a famous singer. Her passion for singing is reborn, but she is pushed into uncharted territory. The true story of how Ray Kroc, a salesman from Illinois, met Mac and Dick McDonald, who were running a burger operation in 1950s Southern California. Kroc was impressed by the brothers' speedy system of making the food and saw franchise potential. He maneuvered himself into a position to be able to pull the company from the brothers and create a billion-dollar empire. Damien Shadows introduces you to 5 blood curdling horror films, all of which are actually enchanted and or cursed. Damien shows you how to ward off the spirits after each terrifying tale in this anthology. From demented sisters, to panty raids gone wrong, to killer mimes and bad periods, this film will take you on one wild ride! Story of former major league baseball pitcher Bill 'Spaceman' Lee following his release by the Montreal Expos.  A struggling NYC matchmaker is hired by a king to find his son a suitable wife in time for a national celebration. As the clock ticks towards her deadline, the matchmaker finds him the perfect wife -- only to realize that she's fallen in love with him! Film follows two friends attempting to rob a petrol station, but are so useless that they end up working there all night. Rafael, Elmo, and Pablo run away from the strict Catholic retirement home where they live with Carlos, Rafael's grandson, to embark on an adventure and prove life does not stop because of age. An ensemble of interconnected twentysomethings struggle with the complications of life, work, and love as they cross paths in the city throughout one day. "A Short History of Decay" tells the story of Nathan Fisher, a thirty-something Brooklyn "hipster" (Greenberg) whose writing career is stalled, much to the chagrin of his ambitious live-in girlfriend, Erika (Chriqui). When she unceremoniously dumps him, Nathan retreats into a depressive funk, not knowing where to turn-- finish the novel? work on the play?-- when he gets a call from his brother in Florida telling him his father has been hospitalized. Racing down to "snowbird" central, Nathan finds his father (Yulin) on the mend (albeit grumpy), and his normally addled mother (Lavin) a bit hazier than usual. His quick visit turns into an extended stay during which he discovers that his aging parents are actually in much better control of their lives than he is. He also meets a woman (Perkins)--his mother's manicurist, no less-- who is the polar opposite of Erika, but who may just be exactly what Nathan needs. Bumboo movie is based on one simple idea. Every person meets someone, who screws it up and makes life miserable (In the 'Bambaiyya' lingo it is called as 'Vaat Lagna'). In Bumboo the movie each character screws someone or the others happiness. Each situation is humorous and ends up into comedy of errors. Bumboo is based upon "L'emmerduer" which is by Francis Veber The story of Jawan of Vellimala revolves around a high-range village called Vellimala , a dam in this village and the people living there. The villagers of Vellimala consider the dam as a sign of their pride. Gopi Krishan, the central character, who took voluntary retirement from military service, reaches Vellimala as a labourer. Varghese is a government employee at the Dam site and Koshi Oommen, another character reaches there for some personal need. These three play the main three male characters in the film. Mamta Mohandas plays the role of a project officer at the Dam site and she also works for the development of the society. The story reveals the incidents happening when these characters and the villagers meet together. Once, Rui has aimed at a singer. However, now, she was frustrated and was doing the hostess's work in the country. When Rui goes home together with a friend's Tsunko, She met Momoko, the rival at the time of her having aimed as a singer. Momoko became an idol singer and was successful. On the grounds that Momoko has ridiculed Rui, Rui killed two friends, her and her. In order that Rui may escape a crime, She formed the idol group together with Tsunko pretending to be Momoko and others.  Harbans Rai and Ranjit Rai are two wealthy businessmen who absolutely *loathe* poverty and poor people . As fate would have it , Harbans Rai's daughter Madhu falls for a poor mechanic Raja while Ranjit Rai's son Ajay romances a poor girl Kajal . When Harbans and Ranjit come to know of it they try various ways to separate the lovers. An espionage patriotic action thriller Weekend trips, office parties, late night conversations, drinking on the job, marriage pressure, biological clocks, holding eye contact a second too long... you know what makes the line between "friends" and "more than friends" really blurry? Beer. A womanizing yet lovable loser, Charlie, a waiter in his early 30's who dreams of selling his book entitled "7 STEPS OF HEALING THE MALE BROKEN HEART" finds himself still working in restaurants to survive in the Big Apple. Low on cash, he's left with no other choice but to look for a roommate to share his tiny studio. Surprisingly, the first person to answer the ad is his ex and only love of his life Pam, who broke his heart and disappeared without reason and the inspiration behind his book. The Pam he remembered was a youthful spirit with lots of money who is now broke and disheveled. A new story begins and it is up to Charlie to find out why she ran out on him and what's happened to her over the past three years. With a potential new love in his life, he must gather the strength to help Pam get back on her feet without rekindling old feelings. Set in an English woodland countryside, Debra and her best friends Jamie and Nancy pick up Dan, Nancey's ex, to go out to the woods to score some weed. Unknown to them a killer who resembles death is cleansing the countryside. With a wannabe policeman and an assortment of the public out for some fresh air, the woods are no place to go down today. In the summer of 1991 an elderly woman Ghislaine Marchal is found murdered in the basement of her home with the message "Omar M'a Tuer" (Omar has kill me) written beside in her own blood. Despite a lack of forensic or DNA evidence, her Moroccan gardener Omar Raddad is found guilty and sentenced to 18 years in a French prison. Shocked by the case, and convinced of his innocence, journalist Pierre-Emmanuel Vaugrenard moves to Nice to investigate, and uncover the truth... On the anniversary of their grandmother's death, four cousins, as close as brothers, reconnect on a road trip to the Texas Rio Grande Valley to pay respects to the woman who helped raise them. Hidden beneath their friendship, the truth of their childhood surfaces to reveal a darkness in the family that won't stop until the cousin's lives are changed forever.  Blending comedy, Mexican folklore and terror, Blood Cousins puts a new spin on revenge films and defines the word,'retribution'. Hemlock Society is a school that teaches aspirants how to successfully commit suicide. Meghna, one of the aspirants, has a near-death experience, turning everybody's lives upside-down. Struggling movie producer To Wai-Cheung (Chapman To) is hardly able to make ends meet, yet his daughter (Fiona Sit) hopes to one day sees him being interviewed on TV. In order to fulfill his daughter's dream, he meets Tyrannosaurus (Ronald Cheng), a Guangxi based triad head and a movie investor with a peculiar taste. Tyrannosaurus wants to remake a category III movie starring his childhood idol Siu Yam-yam called Confessions of Two Concubines. An elementary school principal and a third grade teacher find romance... Three years after Mike bowed out of the stripper life at the top of his game, he and the remaining Kings of Tampa hit the road to Myrtle Beach to put on one last blow-out performance. Recorded live at Hammersmith Apollo, Russell questions the values of heroes and leaders. 'Messiah Complex' is a disorder where sufferers think they might be the messiah. Did Jesus have it? What about Che Guevara, Gandhi, Malcolm X and Hitler? All these men have shaped our lives and influenced the way we think. Their images are used to represent ideas that often do not relate to them at all. Would Gandhi be into Apple? Would Che Guevara endorse Madonna? Would Jesus be into Christianity? He concludes it's all a load of rubbish and encourages the audience to stop voting, ignore advertising, look to the transcendent within themselves and others...and kick over some bins on their way home. Plus there's sex. Obviously. Andrea, a young executive is trapped through the weekend on the rooftop of her office alongside Gualberto, the janitor. Truly lost in an asphalt and glass sea, both characters think over their lives and values. Guillermo works for a human trafficking ring. One night he discovers two refugees, Alondra and her son, Victor, hiding in his truck. He reluctantly shelters them in his apartment, and begins to grow attracted to them. Meet John Wolfman - politician, single parent and werewolf. A man whose (hairy) hands are definitely full. Not only is he trying to stop his opponents from selling the US to China (by way of the controversial CHIMERICA Bill), but also solve a series of grizzly murders in the capitol. Add to this a crazed Mad Scientist, Smokey the Bear, a Miss Teen Beauty Pageant and a race against time to save his 8 year old son Bobby Wolfman from a murderous Vice President, and you have a movie that will keep you howling. Made entirely from recycled, stock &amp; public domain footage with a newly scripted, scored &amp; re-voiced soundtrack with enhanced visuals &amp; post production. You've simply never seen anything like it before. Why do 11,000 people die in America each year at the hands of gun violence? Talking heads yelling from every TV camera blame everything from Satan to video games. But are we that much different from many other countries? What sets us apart? How have we become both the master and victim of such enormous amounts of violence? This is not a film about gun control. It is a film about the fearful heart and soul of the United States, and the 280 million Americans lucky enough to have the right to a constitutionally protected Uzi. From a look at the Columbine High School security camera tapes to the home of Oscar-winning NRA President Charlton Heston, from a young man who makes homemade napalm with The Anarchist's Cookbook to the murder of a six-year-old girl by another six-year-old, Bowling for Columbine is a journey through America, through our past, hoping to discover why our pursuit of happiness is so riddled with violence. Two roommates deathly afraid of ghosts both fall in love with a girl who believes their home is haunted. Not Another Celebrity Movie adds a unique twist to the spoof genre as the talented cast portrays the biggest cinematic icons there are: the celebrities themselves. Packed with a star-studded crew of celebrity look-alikes, this parody of Oceans 11 follows the misguided antics of Charlie Sheen as he tries to meet with Justin Bieber, whom he believes is his illegitimate son. When his attempts to reconnect are thwarted, Sheen engages the services of Brad Pitt, George Clooney, Robert DeNiro, Tom Cruise and seven other celebrities to implement a plot to kidnap the pop sensation at an upcoming concert at the Riviera Hotel &amp; Casino in Las Vegas. The resulting antics are, in a word, Winning! A Punjabi comedy. Children Without Parents is a work of autobiographical fiction, where the filmmaker Casey Puccini explores his relationship with his brazen siblings in the days right after their father's suicide. The orphaned adults soon enter into a match of emotional destruction, targeting each other's insecurities, and channeling the worst of their posthumous father's personality. Puccini plays himself in this heartfelt pre-enactment, revealing the destructive underbelly of family dynamics. Bloodsucka Jones rises from the pages of legend to help a chronically confused David and would-be vampire hunter Tony, save David from his vampire girlfriend's brother and his pop-collared cronies.  The story of this movie deals with issues like why our country is lagging behind in sports and why only cricket is a popular sport here when compared to other sports. And the story tries to depict that if right talent is encouraged our country can also be leading in sports. A horror comedy centered on a guy who learns that his unusual stomach problems are being caused by a demon living in his intestines. When Emma moves in with her estranged, gay son, the pair must learn to reconnect through food where words fail, and face the foreclosure of the family's Chinese restaurant and a stubborn fear of intimacy. McDull: The Pork of Music is virtually a musical, describing how the kindergarten, now destitute in HK's depressed economy, forms a student chorus to raise operating funds. The choir, of course, becomes wildly famous, and, guided by shady manager Big M (Ronald Cheng), reaches the apotheosis of HK culture: on stage with superstar Andy Lau. When a small town is overcome with a blood lust, the local Witch Doctor is thought to be the source. What they don't know is that he has a different agenda. Sriram Venkat is the most shallow guy on earth who doesn't value relationships, family, friends, life or the country. Not necessarily in that order. Because he couldn't care less about the order. This makes him the clear 'black' sheep of the family. Tati is a typical teenager, unable to learn mathematics, but very intelligent when creating plans to escape the punishment of the mother. During the summer, she needs to hide that she has to do math classes to improve her grades, conquer Zeca, the most popular boy in school and also care for the heartache of her mother, who wants to try to find a new love. Four friends become stranded in Eastern Europe and have to become hit men, prostitutes, corrupt cops, smugglers and more to make it home. A young girl is frustrated by her over-protective mom. At school, she meets another fearless little girl that is going to have a big influence on her. The worst teachers of France landed in England for an ultra-secret mission. With Boulard, the King of the Dunces, they are parachuted in the best school of the country, and they will apply their famous methods on the future of the nation. Maggie is resentful of being pointed out and laughed at in public because she resembles the cartoon character in the George McManus comic strip "Bringing Up Father." She visits McManus in his studio office and tries to persuade him to stop drawing the syndicated comic-strip. He tells her he will...in 1959. Maggie, not getting any younger, retains counsel and takes McManus to court. Dory is reunited with her friends Nemo and Marlin in the search for answers about her past. What can she remember? Who are her parents? And where did she learn to speak Whale? Mike is thrust into a world of murder and assassination after running into his best friend Ed, presumed killed in action 10 years ago. In order to keep themselves alive, Mike and Ed must now work together as members of - The Hunters Club. During the 1980s, a failed stand-up comedian is driven insane and turns to a life of crime and chaos in Gotham City while becoming an infamous psychopathic crime figure. The Grand Budapest Hotel tells of a legendary concierge at a famous European hotel between the wars and his friendship with a young employee who becomes his trusted protege. The story involves the theft and recovery of a priceless Renaissance painting, the battle for an enormous family fortune and the slow and then sudden upheavals that transformed Europe during the first half of the 20th century. Jhonny is often fooled by villagers as he is fit for nothing. He is in love with Maria but is often targeted by her brothers. Then enters Sam, who will be like a Samaritain to Jhonny's family. "A filmed chronicle about the construction of a 1000-foot dry-stone wall by a novice stonemason in rural Quebec. The stonemason, Chris Overing, is to complete the stone structure within eight weeks; the filmmaker, Bill Stone plans the film as a straightforward telling of this laborious yet creative task. But after Overing realizes he has woefully underestimated the time and energy required to construct the wall, both projects evolve into something altogether different." - by First Run Features The entire family stays at Dave and Sandy's home for the holidays. Kassandra wants a puppy for Christmas, but Mom and Dad aren't ready for that. Will Santa grant Kassandra's only wish for Christmas?  Two generations of professional baseball players return for a reunion game at one of their minor league stops en route to the big leagues. Unbeknownst to them, the owner of the club, on his way to a month of rustic living in the high Asian elevations, and desiring a connection to home, arranges an inducement to get the players to reveal novel anecdotes from their past 'on and off the field' baseball lives. The only apparent commonality between the two groups is their success on the ball field, each team providing the locals with the only two minor league championships for the small town nestled in the valley of the Allegheny Mountains. Three stories: "Naked Run", "Belle Ile en Mer" and "Anti-Virus". Three adventures of young people of different sexes, desperate to change their lives, form pieces of a mysterious puzzle in Benoit Forgeard's hypnotic and ethereal debut. When four generations of the Cooper clan come together for their annual Christmas Eve celebration, a series of unexpected visitors and unlikely events turn the night upside down, leading them all toward a surprising rediscovery of family bonds and the spirit of the holiday. Burger Beard is a pirate who is in search of the final page of a magical book that makes any evil plan he writes in it come true, which happens to be the Krabby Patty secret formula. When the entire city of Bikini Bottom is put in danger, SpongeBob, Patrick, Mr. Krabs, Squidward, Sandy, and Plankton need to go on a quest that takes them to the surface. In order to get back the recipe and save their city, the gang must retrieve the book and transform themselves into superheroes. Return to the Class of Nuke 'Em High follows a young couple that are up against the school glee club. Unfortunately, the glee club has mutated into a gang called The Cretins. When the other students begin to undergo mutations, our couple must solve the mystery and save Tromaville High School When five sisters return to their home in Sicily to divide up the family art and antiques, all hell breaks loose. Do You Like My Basement? tracks how one man's creative frustration bore a need to make the perfect horror film. Stanley Farmer was rejected universally by the film world. His frustration provoked a darker side and soon cunning, guile, devilish charm and a sociopath's streak compelled him to produce a home-made magnum opus. A film that blurs the lines between reality and fiction and demands the attention of the very world that spurned him.  The film follows Sanna, who sets out to document the countless ways there are to ruin a marriage for her doctoral thesis. Based on a true story. . . . In the late 1940s, Martha Beck and Raymond Fernandez were America's notorious "Lonely Hearts Killers." Their lethal scam was simple; they would swindle and then viciously murder lovelorn war widows who would answer their personal ads in which Ray would describe himself as a sexy Latin lover. A comedy about pizza deliverers. An Elf is left behind by Santa to help rescue the Harper family from a lousy Christmas. The Elf and the family get more than they bargained for, as the kids help the Elf discover his special powers and true identity as a budding superhero. A ghoulish collection of fireside tales guaranteed to scare the living as well as the dead. A fun filled weekend turns deadly when a group of unsuspecting theatre goers are trapped inside, after a ravenous spirit is resurrected and released from a Ouija board. They must confront their most terrifying fears and destroy the spirit before it finds and kills them first. Clay, Michael and Andrew are fascinated by a yearbook from Chico High's class of 1990 that they discover at a Value Village. Intrigued by the cryptic word "Caduceus" emblazoned across the cover, and by the countless sweet mullets and dream girls inside, the three friends lock onto one particular student: feather-banged mystery man Timothy Truelove. When the guys discover tickets for the 20th reunion available online, they can't resist the temptation to crash. This is hands down the most awesome road trip you'll ever take from Portland to Chico, California! Will they get busted by the Reunion Committee? Will Truelove show? What the heck does "Caduceus" mean anyway? The documentary equivalent of a John Hughes movie, Finding Truelove is an exuberant comedy that pays homage to all things '80s-from Saved By the Bell to Howard Jones to Back to the Future-with pure energy and heart. A documentary about Buffalo wings and the ragtag team that set out to find the perfect one. An aspiring actor discovers that his spacious new apartment comes complete with eight friendly ghosts. Timo Stigu Mertala is a celebrated, award-winning adman, and sworn to singlehood. He is a well known figure in the Helsinki nightlife. In Da Cut is a comically inspiring story of a young aspiring film maker, fresh out of school, who feels ready to take on the world - by chasing the illusion of beautiful women, big cash and quick recognition in the film circuit. On the path of fulfilling his life long dreams he comes to the shocking revelation that nothing in Hollywood is personal; it's just show business! While on a grand world tour, The Muppets find themselves wrapped into an European jewel-heist caper headed by a Kermit the Frog look-alike and his dastardly sidekick. In their most unsettling compilation to date, Found Footage Festival curators Joe Pickett and Nick Prueher present their latest and greatest array of VHS wonders. Didgeridoos will be blown, sponges will be rainbowed, opossums will be massaged, and senior citizens will be fed salad. It's all here! Recorded live at the Music Box Theatre in Chicago. Winning isn't everything....it's the ONLY thing! In the tradition of 'Waiting for Guffman' and 'This is Spinal Tap',' Leap 4 Your Life' is a feature film mockumentary about a community dance competition. The story follows a group of colourful teen contestants and their enthusiastic parents as they prepare and compete in the 10th Annual Leap 4 Your Life event. Three estranged sisters deal with the death of their father. A bachelor party spirals out of control in Poland's 3D answer to 'The Hangover'! Andrew (Boris Szyc) and Marta (Sonia Bohosiewicz) are about to get married. But on the stag night, Andrew finds himself drawn in to an evening of mischief. As the party kicks off, no one can anticipate the incredible and outrageous situations these guys are going to get into. Although there are obvious similarities between this and Hollywood mega-hit 'The Hangover', the filmmakers say 'Kac Wawa' was written first - AND is based on real events. A society novelist brings a brash young chorus girl home in order to study her for inspiration for his new novel. His family is distraught, but soon her behavior has forever altered their snobbish ways. Ryosaku, a struggling actor, endures daily abuse from his wicked wife. One day, the janitor of his apartment gives him a 'The Pod of Good Fortune'. And his life begins to go awry. The sudden death of his abusive wife...suspicion of murder...an impulsive cover-up...same old routine on set...an unexpected visitor...and the body count rises. This fi lm closely follows the daily life of the protagonist as the bizarre and horrifi c drama unfolds. When people are pushed to an extreme situation, it's also the most comical. Full of such aspects, the stor y reveals the secret side of the people surrounding the protagonist. Where will the 'The Pod of Good Fortune' lead this man's unfortunate life? Only the Pot can tell. 3 childhood friends who have never left their hometown in the suburb try to get into porn as a way earning easy money. The tables are turned as four teenagers are sucked into Jumanji's world - pitted against rhinos, black mambas and an endless variety of jungle traps and puzzles. To survive, they'll play as characters from the game. A shopkeeper takes God to court when his shop is destroyed by an earthquake. Alvin Bernstein isn't crazy; he's method. When an unlikely group of travelers cross the desert in search of the land of hope and plenty, they take the wrong turn! Who will save them? Will they ever find this land, this land filled with plush carpet everywhere you turn, this land called -- Las Vegas? Two young men, one rich, one middle class, both in love with the same woman, become US Air Corps fighter pilots and, eventually, heroic flying aces during World War I. Devoted best friends, their mutual love of the girl eventually threatens their bond. Meanwhile, a hometown girl who's the lovestruck lifelong next door neighbor of one of them, pines away. Two best friends - Shiryaev and Molotok are looking for Kolchack's treasure. A story based on O'Henry novell adapted to today Moscow realities.  Remake of Race with the Devil. Kate and Martin escape from personal tragedy to an Island Retreat. Cut off from the outside world, their attempts to recover are shattered when a man is washed ashore, with news of airborne killer disease that is sweeping through Europe. A woman's journey of self-discovery and the dynamics of her zany family.  Alexis Fish (Gina Rodriguez) is left broke and broken-hearted after the death of her cheating husband, working as a phone sex operator and a walking meatball hero. As she returns to her hometown of Brooklyn for a distant aunt's funeral, she fears to admit to her family and overbearing mother (Priscilla Lopez) that her life is a mess. With help from her quirky sister Kayla (Ana Ortiz) and a new love interest (Steven Strait), Alexis realizes she must let go of her past to define her own future. Leo the dishwasher falls in love with a bride on the day of her wedding - to another man. After getting fired from his current job as a pilot and dumped by his current wife, he seeks to find a new job. Out of desperation on the job market he disguises himself as a woman in order to get a job from Silver, a company seeking a female pilot. The lines between his female and male life as well as his personal and love life starts to become a blur which he eventually cannot handle. Domingo is happy in his insignificant life until, in an unfortunate accident, he commits an involuntary manslaughter. Tormented by not feeling any guilt, he dives into a spiral of violence hoping to recover it so he can get back to being just a normal guy. After the death of her oldest sister, a 30 year old globe-trotting nature photographer is guilted onto a family trip to Cape Cod - along with the younger sister she used to torment. Amid recriminations, revelations, a very weird shopkeeper and an old romance, they square off against the patterns of childhood. Three unemployed men seeking love Broke, busted, and living in a tent outside their parents backyard. Vince and Freddy hit on the idea of a lifetime, Sharkproof wetsuits, and are determined to strike it rich. They go to a local loan shark, Max who owns a club in downtown LA to fund the venture. At the club they both fall in love with the same girl, Isabella the receiving half of knife throwing duo who are preforming at the club. Yuri is her drunk, knife-throwing partner. When Isabella chooses the boys over Max he sends his goons to reclaim her. Suddenly the boys must become the men they pretend to be, but now it's sink or swim. Almost Sharkproof, a bromantic comedy. Culture-Clash-Comedy about Turkish brides importet into Germany. 32 renowned Brazilian screenwriters of the contemporary Brazilian cinema talk about their creative processes. From the concept of script to their agreements and disagreements, going through their experiences with filmmakers, their reaction to the finished film, critic, and even controversies on auteurism. The film is set in Tuscany during the Black Death. As in the Decameron, ten young Florentines take refuge from the plague. But instead of telling stories, they have lusty adventures, bawdy exchanges, romance and swordplay. There are randy nuns, Saracen pirates, and a sexy cow. Oliver Fellows, a failed city banker, is pursuing fulfillment on an old farm in Southern Portugal. He and his neighbor, Manel, face unprincipled enemies in a highly amusing quest to save their valley from exploitation. Four people deal with all the pain and sadness they have and find the root cause. The Fitzroy is a live action black comedy set in an alternative post-apocalyptic 1950s. The world is covered in poisonous gas, and the last place for a traditional seaside holiday is The Fitzroy hotel, an abandoned submarine just off the coast of England. The film centers on Bernard, the hotel's bellboy, cook, maintenance man and general dogsbody, as he faces a constant battle to keep the decaying hotel airtight and afloat. But when he falls in love with a murderous guest, he is thrown into a mad day of lies, backstabbing and chaos. As Bernard struggles to hide her murders from the other guests and suspicious authorities, his world literally begins to sink around him. An out of work husband takes his wife's advice on exaggerating his work experience. When he does, he accidentally lands a job as a superhero. Now with no powers to speak of, he must become a hero as his city is threatened by a great evil. Following Pentatonix on their sold out 2015 tour featuring behind-the-scenes footage, live performances and the making of their debut album + over 25 minutes of extras including deleted scenes, On My Way Home tour video, & more! Reg and Lindsay run an organic fertiliser business. They need a fresh supply of their "secret ingredient" to process through the meat grinder. Reg comes across two guys and a girl with a broken-down vehicle on their way to a music festival. Road movie about two young people from different parts of the world, their vastly different clashing cultures and their journey of self-discovery during the drive to the largest music festival in California. Three slackers from Grand Rapids drive across America in an old motorhome searching for a mysterious folk music festival in the desert.  Along the way, they encounter many obstacles including suspicious border patrol guards, alien abductions, bad haircuts, bad dreams, and bad directions.  Finding a music festival in the desert turns out to be more difficult and strange than they expected. A horror / comedy about a group of kids in the eighties that get trapped in a skating rink overnight and are killed off one by one by hideous demons. Ken Park focuses on several teenagers and their tormented home lives. Shawn seems to be the most conventional. Tate is brimming with psychotic rage; Claude is habitually harassed by his brutish father and coddled, rather uncomfortably, by his enormously pregnant mother. Peaches looks after her devoutly religious father, but yearns for freedom. They're all rather tight, or so they claim. Michael is committed to getting his best friend Chris to sober up and get his life back on track. With the best of intentions, Michael implements a plan to convince Chris to go to rehab before his drug addiction leads to an early death. But what begins as an attempt to save his friend's life quickly takes an unexpected turn as the two friends confront personal demons, the consequences of past actions, and forces beyond their control. A mockumentary satire about American politics, religion, Hollywood, health food nuts... and reality shows! Guido and Antonia are a young couple with opposing characters and working schedules: he works a night job as a doorman in a hotel, and she works as an employee for a rental car service. This is the story of what happens to Guido and Antonia when they decide to have a child. VEEPS: Profiles in Insignificance is the story of Bill and Wayne-two middle-aged men in search of their American dream, their lives at a disappointing stall. They see a shot at a mid-life redemption and grab it. They follow the Vice Presidents as others follow athletes or rock stars. For years they've plied their curious obsession alone, singing the praises of men who won't even sing their own. Eager and inspired, they hit the road followed by a film crew eager to chronicle this offbeat but quintessentially American narrative: A story of friendship and the shared dreams and passions of a lifetime, it's also a story that takes a turn neither Bill and Wayne nor their camera toting biographers could possibly fores A rock and roll horror fantasy where we meet the immortal Louise and her beloved Charlie. Unfortunately, due to Louise's supernatural origins, every man she sleeps with must die! Charlie was Louise's first love from the 1920's, who she accidentally killed before realizing what she is: a descendant of Lilith, the mother of all demons! This race of women must feed on the souls of men once every full moon, or else they will menstruate to death. Now a hundred years later, Charlie returns reincarnated, and Louise must struggle with staying away from the love of her life, or risk losing him a second time! PMS has never been this deadly! Edwin Rouper is a man born with a serious neurological condition called Koontz-syndrome, an illness which makes him irritating. A story of two opposites (Mark Lee and Maggie Shiu) who try to help three ghosts to fulfill their last wishes. During this journey, numerous events will bring both humans and ghosts closer, where friendships are formed and romance blossoms. Is a horror comedy movie which has a touch of Malaysian culture especially the Chinese. This movie contains four different stories and uniquely blends together which contains elements of fear, mystery, love and humor. A very suitable movie which surely will entertain all ages and races in Malaysia, as 85% of the worldis population believe in ghost. "Aku Ada, Kau Ada???" is a Malaysian musical comedy romance set in Korea, starring Yana Samsudin and Shaheizy Sam. Directed by Rahila Ali, the film tells the story of two archenemies, Tina and Nordin, who constantly clash with each other as the leads of a musical. However, amid their constant bickering, the two eventually fall in love, bringing a whole new set of complications as they each refuse to believe that it is possible for the other to reciprocate. This musical tells the story of a girl named Nurul Aiman who possesses a chubby body, less-than-desirable physical features and a naive but kind heart. Despite her looks, she is as much a lady as other girls her age. Her best friends are Lana dan Azadan, whom she has known since childhood and she lives in a backwater village with her mother Lia, her father Hairil and her grandmother Nenda Zaimah. In school, Aiman is friends with a guy named Johari, who is good-looking and smart, and who also secretly harbours feelings for Aiman. At the same time, Lana and the most popular girl in school, Rita, fancy Johari. Osman, called Man by his friends, is a young man with a devil-may-care attitude who travels to the city of Kuala Lumpur with only some cash given by his mother Maimon, which are the only assets that his father left them with. In Kuala Lumpur, Man stays with his village friend, Salim, who teaches him a lot about city life. It is through Salim that Man meets Nadia, an ex model. However, Man fails to see that Nadia is only looking for a boy toy to buy her expensive gifts. Eventually Man's assets run dry and he is forced to work odd jobs in order to fund his living. Will Man ever be able to pick himself up and adapt to the harsh city life or will he fall victim like so many people before him, who fail to see beyond the superficial? Isabel Reyes (Rhian Ramos) is an infamous soap opera villain in the country. Everyone simply loathes Isabel which makes her the most condemned personality in the world of television. But by some weird twist of fate, Isabel\'s life turns upside down when she encounters a near-death accident. The wicked antagonist experiences a sudden change of heart and being the top kontrabida of her soap opera, Isabel couldn\'t just deliver her heartlessness and cruelty in front of the camera. Her over-the-top villainous persona disappears and she finds herself powerless to kick and slap the lead star. Isabel\'s show hits a major ratings slump and the network advises her to take a break from work with hopes of reigniting her passion. To solve her dilemma, Isabel seeks the help of the biggest kontrabida icon in the country, no less than Ms. Bella Flores. She finds her on YouTube and says that for Isabel to get herself back, she needs to find the person who hurt her the most. Muzafar and Feruz are two easy going shepherds from Taboulistan, a tiny country in Asia that is unknown to the rest of the world. To alert the world to his country's existence, the son of Taboulistan's president decides to instigate a program of publicity terrorism. To that end, he recruits our two naive shepherds, their mission: to destroy the Eiffel Tower! But the France that Muzafar and Feruz discovers is far from what they had expected... Minions Stuart, Kevin and Bob are recruited by Scarlet Overkill, a super-villain who, alongside her inventor husband Herb, hatches a plot to take over the world. A vengeful widow is out to seduce the relatives of the man she blames for her husband's death. After making their way through high school (twice), big changes are in store for officers Schmidt and Jenko when they go deep undercover at a local college. But when Jenko meets a kindred spirit on the football team, and Schmidt infiltrates the bohemian art major scene, they begin to question their partnership. Now they don't have to just crack the case - they have to figure out if they can have a mature relationship. If these two overgrown adolescents can grow from freshmen into real men, college might be the best thing that ever happened to them. A teenager loses his hearing after a terrible accident. Shortly after, he falls in love with a foreign girl living in Mexico. He discovers that being in love makes him hear again. Elsa, Anna, Kristoff and Olaf are going far in the forest to know the truth about an ancient mystery of their kingdom. All-American couple who try to bridge the generation gap with their free-spirited son on a trip, frisky business and misunderstandings galore ensue, all funny, vibrant and charming. An underachieving vocal coach is motivated by her father, the king of movie-trailer voice-overs, to pursue her aspirations of becoming a voice-over star. Amidst pride, sexism and family dysfunction, she sets out to change the voice of a generation. During World War II Stan and Ollie find themselves as improbable bodyguards to an eccentric inventor and his strategically important new bomb. Loose morals and cocaine lullabies are a way of life for the hard-living doctor/owner of a group home for wayward teens. With issues and tissues for miles and a bookie on his ass, he keeps the doors open and the patients revolving. An obsessive fantasy nerd gradually becomes unhinged when a charismatic hipster joins his role-playing game In this hilarious crime comedy, a gifted 12-year-old boy and three elderly men plan a bank robbery in order to seek revenge on the institution for cheating the youngster after the death of his father.  On the brink of turning 30, endearing misfit AMELIA searches for signs to show her how to deal with her obsessive parents, her eccentric boss and her virginity. Two best friends make the best of going to high school by dreaming up fashion magazine photo shoots, and bribing their siblings to model for them.  Rene indulges all his fantasies and loves designing clothes. Frankie lives for her camera and punk rock. They both fall for Sasha, the shy soccer player with a soft spot for poems by Pushkin. When the three of them are caught between competing invitations to prom, their high-fashion drama could destroy their friendships along with the entire prom. Zef's stormy relationship with his brother Roni is further aggravated when Roni marries his daughter just as he is attending to his wife's funeral. The two brothers have never got on with each other. One is faithful to his religion, the other lives only for the present. Between London, Paris, Saint-Tropez and New York, a series of confrontations and betrayals threatens to drive the family further apart, but out of this confusion will come a great love story, perhaps even two... After Kensuke (Naoki Kawano) graduated from college, he began to work at a company. He didn't get along with his co-workers and six months later quit his job. Since that time he has stayed in his home for 5 years. One day, Kensuke learns about men who enjoy dressing up as women through the internet. At first he feels uncomfortable about them, but he becomes interested in those men. He begins to exchange emails with cross-dresser Karen (Kouta Kusano). Karen has a charismatic personality. What if William Shakespeare never existed... until now. Our Modern Bard is caught in a love triangle of confused sexuality, cross dressing, mistaken identity, and bedroom trysts. Does Shakespeare love his lusty best friend, Wilma Hartford, who's also a drag queen, or his lovely long-time girlfriend Anne Hathaway. This battle to understand Shakespeare's true heart is a comic romp. All the while, Shakespeare peddles his screenplays in Hollywood. Renaissance and modern sensibilities clash when an all-male stage version of Macbeth and the misogynistic low-budget film "The Taming of the Shrew" open simultaneously. The combustion makes "The Bard," played by comedic genius Jason D. Johnson, the most controversial screenwriter in Hollywood. Alice owns a network of sex shops and workaholic who, in trying to reconcile the harsh routine of work and family life, suffers nervous breakdown, she is forced by her husband to go to spa. Precisely at this time, appears unique opportunity to expand its business in New York. Using fun gimmicks, risks his health, leaves spa party there with family to ride, but actually in order to facilitate their professional interests. In trying to reconcile the agendas, engage in hilarious situations and mistakes that culminate in the possible separation of the couple. Garden gnomes, Gnomeo & Juliet, recruit renown detective, Sherlock Gnomes, to investigate the mysterious disappearance of other garden ornaments. The theology of the Book of Revelation An obnoxious meter maid and social media junkie, Michael fakes his own death to see which of his many friends will attend his funeral. It's the day of the Orange Parade in Glasgow, but for Jon, the thrill of leading the parade and swinging the mace soon turns to horror as he learns the truth behind the costumes and songs. In 2013 Jeremy Clarkson and Richard Hammond embarked on what they hoped would be the perfect road trip. It started well and ended, quite frankly, very badly.  Unbowed, the Top Gear pair are back for another crack and this time they're hoping to avoid inconveniences like apprehension by the French police. Welcome, then, to The Perfect Road Trip... 2.  Once again, Clarkson and Hammond are seeking joy and perfection wherever it may be with a range of fast, beautiful and exciting cars unleashed on glorious roads amongst gorgeous scenery and drenched in Mediterranean sunshine.  As part of their arduous research into perfection, the duo will also undertake some ridiculous challenges and hilarious stunts culminating in a strangely literal car race on the island of Capri.  Top Gear - The Perfect Road Trip 2. This time it really is perfect. Except for the bits that aren't. A young man goes to ask a young lady on a date, but he runs into something unexpected. An army of passionate women launch a revolution to "Free the Nipple" and decriminalize the female body. Based on a true story, this mass movement of topless women, armed with First Amendment lawyers, graffiti installations and national publicity stunts, invade New York City to protest the backwards censorship laws in the USA. Cyrus, Tim and Erik were high school buddies and meet again ten years later. They spend the summer together in Brazil. All of them are occupied in dealing with experiences from their past but new developments make them face their inner conflicts and their friendship with each other Edmond Dantes's life and plans to marry the beautiful Mercedes are shattered when his best friend, Fernand, deceives him. After spending 13 miserable years in prison, Dantes escapes with the help of a fellow inmate and plots his revenge, cleverly insinuating himself into the French nobility.  THE AUTEUR follows formerly renowned porn director Arturo Domingo (Five Easy Nieces, Requiem for a Wet Dream) through a bizarre weekend as he receives a lifetime achievement award at a film festival in Portland, OR. Encountering crazed fans, former collaborators, bitter enemies and free-loving hippies, Arturo attempts to put the pieces of his broken career and personal life back together. A young professor has become a shell of a person following the death of his wife. Crippled by a numbing grief, he's shut himself off from the world. At the same time, a young singer-songwriter has lost faith in the struggle to make a name for herself as a musician. Bogged down by the pressures of turning her art into commerce, she's lost sight of why she wanted to make music in the first place. This deeply moving film chronicles the budding friendship between the professor and the singer, as the energy and beauty of her music begins to bring him back to life, and the value of her music to this man reawakens her to the merits of making music. A comedy centered on the romance between an obscure novelist and his new girlfriend, who also becomes his muse. What happens when a group of Anime fans are forced to fight for their lives against an army of undead vampires? Four women, who have their own different sorrows, embark on a road trip. They look back at their past and restart their lives... Jinko (Aoi Miyazaki) and Motoko (Sakura Ando) have been friends since their university days. One day, they hear a rumor about their former classmate and friend Miki (Kazue Fukiishi). The rumor is that Miki ran into the sea, but got out safely. Jinko and Motoko decide to visit Miki to see if she is OK. In addition, Haraki (Shiori Kutsuna), who Jinko met at the library where she works, joins their trip as a driver. Their one night and two days road trip begins. An edgy comedy about the sexual adventures in parenthood. A-Tai (Alan Ko) narrates that he is the son of Uncle Da (Chen Po-cheng) and Aunt Da (Samantha Ko), who run a troupe in Taichung. Uncle Da's troupe does traditional performance in front of religious processions. The religion requires performers to "initiate the faces and pose as gods"--to put on a special face painting, or to put on a heavy body puppet costume, both of these represent gods' persona. The performance demands training of martial art, acrobatics and endurance, and the performers are negatively associated with gangsters by the society. Uncle Da has been competing with Wu-cheng (Liao Jun), who studied with Uncle Da under the same master. A-Tai grew estranged with his father and the troupe, and went to Taipei to study Rock music, until a mysterious old man in blue coat bids him home. Puppet Master X follows the characters of Danny as he attempts to rescue his girlfriend Beth with the help of Toulon's puppets. However their help is short lived as they end up getting stolen by Ozu (Terumi Shimazu). Danny and Beth must try to rescue the puppets while trying to defend themselves against a new batch of puppets. Meanwhile the occultist Commandant Moebius is attempting to use the serum that animates the puppets to create a master race and take over the world It's early summer and Agathe is back in France, at home in Montreuil. She has to get over her husband's death and return to her work as a film director. The unexpected arrival at her house of a couple of Icelanders, a sea lion and a neighbour that she has always desired yet never vanquished will give Agathe the strength to get her life back on track... Outside a small, typical American town, an elusive cult of demon worshiping gender queer assassins live in infamy, awaiting the day their savior will return to Earth & end the Gender Binary. Within the context of an avant-garde horror film, we examine cinematic stereotypes and exploit them to our darkest advantage. This film was made over two summers in Portland, Oregon by a group of young artists as an exercise in trust & complete collaboration. Trannysnatchers! is a document of a life-changing work for all involved. Three misfits embark on a weekend they will never forget. While returning from a military expedition a helicopter crash lands a commando unit in a dense, remote tropical jungle - a lost world populated by dinosaurs. Now they must find a way out of this isolated valley before becoming prey for prehistoric predators. Kelly Lofton is a young, successful dentist who has all the material things a woman could ask for. However, Kelly has struggled to find time for love in her busy schedule, so when her younger sister Susan gets engaged to a seemingly perfect man and organizes an extravagant engagement party, Kelly panics. Drama based of the classic book with the same name. Marcus and Trand explore their youth together. The film's story is similar to fantasy films like Yamaleela, Yamudiki Mogudu, Yamagola and Yamadonga. Bullet Raja (Ravi Teja) is a small time crook with a good heart. He bumps into Swetha (Taapsee Pannu) at a function and falls in love with her. But Swetha is already engaged to Harbour Babu (Sushant Singh), a powerful local goon. Harbour Babu hatches a plan to finish off Bullet Raja and he succeeds in his efforts.  Bullet Raja heads to Yamalokam where he realises that his life has unjustly been terminated by Chitragupta (M. S. Narayana) and so he picks up a fight with Yamadharma Raja (Prabhu). A helpless Yamadharma Raja decides to send him back to earth into the body of Home Minister Ravindra (Ravi Teja), who is killed by his associates Balram (Sayaji Shinde), Shantaram (Avinash) and Pavitrananda (Raghu Babu). After Bullet Raja enters into Ravinder's body, he confronts his enemies and fulfills the wishes of his mother Parvathamma (Jayasudha) and his followers. The survival and wrath of a woman in a land lost of its humanity. Misfit Heights is a film about an apartment building populated by puppets who have to struggle for survival when a mad scientist's plan to rule the world with an army of undead goes awry. It's up to the last few survivors to fight their way into his secret lab and put an end to his evil plan before they are eaten by the undead. Or, before the buildings superintendent returns from vacation and evicts them. Nookayya (Manoj Manchu), who calls himself Nokia, is an expert cell phone thief. He has a good heart though and together with his friends Nampally (Paruchuri Venkateswara Rao) and Charger (Vennela Kishore), he takes care of orphans and abandoned kids. He is deeply in love with Shilpa (Sana Khan), who is a waitress in a pub. Sana wants Nokia to settle down in life with a nice car, lots of cash and a house in order to marry. A desperate Nokia starts hunting for ways to achieve these things in life. On a separate note, Anu (Kriti Kharbanda) and Kiran (Raja Abel) are a newly married couple. On a trip to Bangalore, Kiran is kidnapped by a gang headed by Shajahan Bismil (Murali Sharma) and they demand a ransom of 2 Crores. In a curious twist of fate, the paths of both Nokia and Anu cross. They team up to save themselves and Kiran. How they are betrayed by the people they trust forms the rest of the story. Gerardo is a young man who lost everybody he loved in life. When he starts a relationship with Mar, he thinks all of the emptiness has disappeared. Now, Mar is gone. And he looks to reconnect with the people once gone from his life to help him find Mar. In the way, he begins to find himself and close the circle that was previously open. A mother dies unexpectedly leaving her soul split, one-half redeemable and the other in need of redemption. Al Pereira, the one and only original private-private detective, is fighting against all the shameless women on earth - especially the Alligator Ladies. Eric Schultz, the most popular student at Lake O'Dell High School, is coerced by his guidance counselor, Sylvia Martin, into fulfilling a list of her high school fantasies in order for him to graduate. The story is set in 1947, following a long-retired Holmes living in a Sussex village with his housekeeper and rising detective son. But then he finds himself haunted by an unsolved 50-year old case. Holmes' memory isn't what it used to be, so he only remembers fragments of the case: a confrontation with an angry husband, a secret bond with his beautiful but unstable wife. A western occupation propaganda film in which a boy repairs a western style doll that comes to life and uses a magic pen to rebuild his bleak and war torn world into a happy place resembling western civilization. Richard Dacier owns a tour agency specialized on organizing safaris for European tourists eager to confront the African wild life. Actually, he took the job after his father and never went into the savanna by himself. As he owes big money to some mobster, he is compelled to convey a fake tourist, with a suspicious suitcase, toward Mozambic. To avoid suspicion from the authorities, he is supposed to tour a group of tourists as usual. The only problem - he is completely unexperienced as a guide! Nebbishy filmmaker Joanna Arnow documents her yearlong relationship with racially charged poet-provocateur James Kepple. What starts out as an uncomfortably intimate portrait of a dysfunctional relationship and protracted mid-twenties adolescence, quickly turns into a complex commentary on societal repression, sexuality and self-confrontation through art. Two beefed-up twins (played by the Paul brothers, Peter and David, who have appeared in several programmers as The Barbarian Brothers) operating on opposing sides of the law, team up to stop a nefarious crook in this actioner. Peter Jade is a notoriously arrogant burglar who ends up with the key to an enormous underground cache of diamonds. David Jade is a cop who joins forces with Peter after greedy Philip Chamberlain, wanting the diamonds for himself, kills David's partner Big Hair. Guyliner. Someone lamenting by crashing waves on a beach or to their reflection in a fountain. Yes, we're talking about the 80s! Todd and BJ, two lonely wannabe artists, find one another and create the not-so-dynamic R&amp;B duo "Eternity." A revolutionary film about the cinematic genius of North Korea's late Dear Leader Kim Jung-IL, with a groundbreaking experiment at its heart - a propaganda film, made according to the rules of his 1987 manifesto. Through the shared love of cinema, AIM HIGH IN CREATION! forges an astonishing new bond between the hidden filmmakers of North Korea and their Free World collaborators. Revealing an unexpected truth about the most isolated nation on earth: filmmakers, no matter where they live, are family. Middle-aged Ohio secretary Jane Hudson has never found love and has nearly resigned herself to spending the rest of her life alone. But before she does, she uses her savings to finance a summer in romantic Venice, where she finally meets the man of her dreams, the elegant Renato Di Rossi. But when she learns that her new paramour is leading a double life, she must decide whether her happiness can come at the expense of others. A romantic comedy about Jean-Marc who is a convinced bachelor and also very busy. So busy that he almost missed his own daughters wedding ceremony... The Marchena family is living a great moment, but no happiness is complete. Manuel suffers from the cravings of Sobeida's pregnancy and Modesto seeks the Woman of his Life. Susanita faces great danger and Mama Susana is diagnosed with a deadly disease. Because in life, money is not everything----will they be so lucky as to live in a united family? Juanito moved to New York to succeed as an actor. Years have gone by but success has not come his way and now he takes an odd jobs to survive. One day he is visited by his apparently successful cousin. However, their life together will discover the reality behind each of them. In Emil Christov's uber-stylish spy-movie pastiche, a charismatic schemer in an authoritarian police state, fired from his job as a secret-police informant, conjures up his own imaginary spy network and builds up an archive that he turns against his former masters. (TIFF) When a petty crime thrusts him into the company of a feisty eighty-one-year-old African-American woman named Rose Price, Grantham and Rose push the boundaries of their relationship, their lives, and what it means to love, as they take a road trip back to their roots. Filmmaker Trevor Graham is an Australian 'hummus tragic'. Every week in his Bondi Beach home he observes the hummus making ritual, mashing chickpeas, lemon juice, garlic and tahina. But when the Hummus War erupted in 2008, among the usual suspects, Israel, Lebanon and Palestine, Graham was hungry for more. But this war ha no soldiers, bullets or tanks. Just chickpeas and hummus. Make Hummus Not War is a humorous homage to the chickpea's most distinguished dish. But there's a personal story, how Graham became a hummus tragic, a father who served in Palestine during WW2 and two lovers in his life, one Syrian, one Jewish, with whom he shared a great culinary passion. Two "down on their luck" buddies are convinced by a third to take a vacation. Only after landing in the third world country do they realize that they are there to attempt to capture the United States' most wanted criminal - with no military training. Police inspector Romano is investigating the kidnapping of a journalist entangling himself into a web of secrets of a business tycoon and the police captain. The Gamers: Hands of Fate follows Cass (Brian Lewis) as he sets out to win a collectible card game world championship... and a date with Natalie (Trin Miller), one of the game's top players.  Meanwhile in Countermay, a world far across time and space, Myriad (Samara Lerman) begins to suspect that fate has stacked the deck against her as she attempts to save her kingdom from a ravenous army of the undead.  Set at Gen Con Indy, a massive midwest games convention, this fantasy comedy from the makers of Dorkness Rising and JourneyQuest presents a new chapter in the epic, decade-spanning tale that began in The Gamers. Rachel is a quick-witted and lovable stay-at-home mom. Frustrated with the realities of preschool auctions, a lacklustre sex life and career that's gone kaput, she visits a strip club to spice up her marriage and meets McKenna, a stripper she adopts as her live-in nanny. Desperate to meet new girls, six down-on-their-luck guys come up with the ultimate plan to hook up - cast a fake movie. When tons of hot chicks show up for the audition, it's a matter of who's willing to go the farthest to get the part. A documentary about the often funny, sometimes sad, but always outrageous lives of the residents of a southern trailer park. Religion, politics and gay pride clash in a small Tennessee town when out, proud and living in New York Jason Potts returns home to make life better for the LGBT teenagers. Najib, who lives in Morocco, envies his brother, an architect living in France for twenty years. For lack of money, he decides to join the hexagon, but clandestinely. During his journey, he meets Attila, a Turk on the run that will drag him into his shady business. His arrival in France will be far from being as idyllic as he hoped! A filmmaker sets out to make a new project in order to figure out how he's screwed up every relationship he's ever had.  A sarcastic and self-deprecating Asian-American must take his naive Japanese cousin on a road trip along the California coast to find his ex-girlfriend. Teenager Rick Stevens is willing to do whatever it takes to win the heart of Nina Pennington. He'll have to deal with his best friend's horny mom, a drug abusing boss and even the mob if he ever hopes to land the girl of his dreams. Love is never easy! How to become a man when your mother and your closed circle have decided otherwise? This is the challenge Guillaume took up. The film recounts Guillaume's tragicomic battle from the young age of eight, as he adopts the role of a girl then of a homosexual... until, aged 30, he meets the woman who, after his mother, will become the other woman in his life. Beyond this story of a heterosexual coming-out, the film tells the tale of an actor who never stopped loving women, maybe even a little too much.   Aspiring but less than ambitious photographer Nate clumsily navigates the New York City art world in a post-grad haze, waiting for his breakthrough project to fall into his lap. During a drug-fueled wormhole through the annals of YouTube, Nate discovers his next subjects when an arbitrary click lands him on a crude music video by the Young Torture Killaz--an Insane Clown Posse knock-off group of jaded Delaware teens with a lot to scream about--and the inspiration (and exploitation) flows Add the plot. He's a low level criminal with no future and just out of prison. She's a low level lawyer never noticed by others, a lost soul without a life. Their anger and hostility makes them serious criminals. Love happens in the strangest of places. Bickering and paranoid gods interfere in the lives of mortals in a series of strange misadventures. A mysterious grandmother appears and soon becomes the talk of the town. Known as 'Nenek Gayung' because she always carries a water dipper (gayung) and a pandan mat, which she uses to bathe her sacrifices. Many believe that if you encounter 'Nenek Gayung', you must not look or talk to her as it is rumoured that many have met their deaths after doing so. Who is actually this 'Nenek Gayung'? What does she want? And how can you save yourself from her clutches? A filmmaker from England is hired to direct an epic production in the Caucasus region of Europe. During a layover in Albuquerque, work colleagues Les and Natalie discover more about each other than they ever thought possible.  Anxious and irritable, Les is drawn back into the city by past experiences he can't forget (even if he doesn't really remember the particulars of his previous drunken adventure).  Natalie, refusing to leave his side, follows along as her own secrets are slowly revealed, leaving her feeling both vulnerable and unbound.  A man is brought in by an infertility doctor to supply him with his sperm, where he becomes the biggest sperm donor for his clinic. Kwok Ching (Stanley Fung) is a soon-to-retire television weatherman who really has long aspired to be a news anchor. At home, he's single-handedly brought up three children, but they are fed up with him meddling in their lives. His eldest daughter Mei Mei (Teresa Mo) is a successful lawyer, and married to househusband Yao Ming (Eric Tsang). Tomboyish second daughter Ching Ching (Denise Ho) manages a supermarket and is in love with sissy promoter Lok Yi Nga (Bosco Wong). The youngest son Fu Shing (6wing) is an otaku enamored with beautiful starlet Vivian (Zhang Xinyu) and he unwittingly becomes the romantic rival of billionaire Roberto (William So). Meanwhile, struck by the shocking news of the world's impending doom, Kwok Ching is determined that he must reunite his family before it's too late... Rakugo Eiga is a film featuring Japan's traditional art, 'rakugo' as its theme. It is a modern adaptation of three rakugo tales presented in three short films. The Post War II story of Manhattan born Mike Esposito, a practiced tailor of custom mens clothing; a man of dignity and honor, whose developing involvements with the Italian mob wraps him up in a world of moral dilemma and clashing values. Brace yourself for this mind-blowing battle against one of nature?s most deadly phenomena! Daryl Hannah (Kill Bill Vols. 1 and 2) is a dedicated scientist who reluctantly agrees to fly with a reporter... read more read more... (Dylan Neal, Blood Ties) on a routine storm-seeking mission. But they soon find themselves at the mercy of nature at its most awesome and destructive when a low-level hurricane off the Florida coast unexpectedly turns into one of the most powerful storms in America?s history. As the violent winds buffet and batter the small aircraft, knocking out the pilot, it?s a race against time as the pair struggle to escape with their lives and warn everyone about the fast-moving danger. Spencer turns to his best friend who's planned an unorthodox "mantervention" filled with debauchery to convert him from hopeless romantic to forever player, and in the process they discover that being in love is not so bad after all. After she and her husband move into a haunted house, a woman gives birth to a demonic infant that wreaks havoc. Behind the facade of a beautiful urban home, a combination of complacency and bad investments has left power couple Ben and Gail disconnected, resentful and just about broke. When the cash-strapped yuppies fire their teen-aged daughter's lesbian Mexican nanny, Margarita, they set off a chain of events that lead to her deportation. Thirty miles from the Arctic Circle, in the northern Icelandic town of Husavik, stands the Icelandic Phallological Museum - the world's only Penis museum. Over 40 years, the founder and curator has collected every specimen from every mammal except for one elusive penis needed to complete his collection: The Human Specimen. The film follows the curator's incredible, sublimely comic, often shocking quest to complete his eccentric collection, and the two intrepid men who have raised their hands to be the first human In this irresistibly zany, sharp-witted documentary, director Simon Ennis introduces us to an unforgettable group of characters whose obsession with the moon and lunar colonization has given birth to utopian dreams of truly galactic proportions. (TIFF) The story of Aleksandra and Cyrille, a prominent, trendy, and very well-off Parisian couple, whose life is not quite the same after seven-year-old Aleksei from Russia suddenly pops up in their 100% cashmere, childless home. Aleksandra soon realises that this little boy they have adopted is not quite what she had been hoping for... An ambitious reporter, investigating a senator's assassination, realizes witnesses to the shooting are systematically dying and discovers a multi-million dollar corporation which serves as a front for the recruitment of political assassins. A small fishing village must procure a local doctor to secure a lucrative business contract. When unlikely candidate and big city doctor Paul Lewis lands in their lap for a trial residence, the townsfolk rally together to charm him into staying. As the doctor's time in the village winds to a close, acting mayor Murray French has no choice but to pull out all the stops and begin The Grand Seduction. A young man is madly in love with his mother, until he discovers a horrible truth about her sexual behavior. Acclaimed actress/comedienne Whoopi Goldberg directs and appears in this feature documentary about Jackie "Moms" Mabley, an African-American stand-up comic and show-biz pioneer who emerged from the Chitlin' Circuit of African-American Vaudeville to become a mainstream star. Once billed as "The Funniest Woman in the World," Mabley pushed the boundaries of comedy by tackling topics such as gender, sex, and racism and performed up until her death in 1975. The film includes vintage clips and recordings of Mabley, as well as recent interviews with some of the world's top comedians, including Eddie Murphy, Joan Rivers, Kathy Griffin, Robert Klein, Bill Cosby, and Goldberg - each of whom is a huge Mabley fan. A true passion project for first-time director Goldberg, the documentary shows Mabley's historical significance and profound influence as a performer vastly ahead of her time. A young woman's relationship takes a dark turn when every sound her boyfriend makes starts to annoy her. We don't want to spoil the ending for you, but things get a little messy. Babu, an unemployed youngster, falls in love with a business tycoon's sister, Priya. When he admits his feelings to Priya's brother, he's given the challenge to prove himself as an able entrepreneur. Once upon a time in 2012, three brothers lived happily. One day their mom fell into a coma. So Henri, Philippe, and Louis suddenly started wondering about the meaning of their lives and were swamped by a wave of existential doubts. An entirely new situation for this bourgeois trio in their forties, one which opened a door to the novel and indeed the forbidden... and to the big bad wolf! A feel-good road movie about a broken man who lets the hitchhikers he picks up determine his direction and destiny. Everything changes when he meets a free-spirited woman who guides him on a journey of self-discovery while hiding a secret of her own. A young man, whose world was sports and motorcycles, lost almost his life in a horrible crash. Now he is on the road to recovery to get back on track. Plot unknown. Khanh Linh, a fashion magazine editor, is on the verge of losing her job if her next project is not a hit. She finds herself having to work with Son, a successful photographer who she injured in a car accident. A number of kidnapped and trafficked women find themselves imprisoned in a squalid medical facility. For Paula her continued survival relies on her basic human function. Escape, on any level, is seemingly impossible as the women are condemned to a life of enforced servitude at the whims of their captors; for one reason only - their milk. Eric Swain and Troy Bernier are scientists by day and amateur filmmakers by night. Over the years these two friends have turned out many of their own amateur, sci-fi inspired movies. Journey to Planet X follows the filming of Planet X, the duo's most ambitious endeavor to date, and sheds light on their unique brand of "movie magic." Animals band together to save the day when the evil Otto Von Walrus hatches a sinister scheme to accelerate global warming and melt the Arctic Circle. After his mother's death, Zucchini is befriended by a kind police officer, Raymond, who accompanies him to his new foster home filled with other orphans his age. There, with the help of his newfound friends, Zucchini eventually learns to trust and love as he searches for a new family of his own. Tristan Corbiere's depiction of a dead fisherman's family life, told through pictures of the Mediterranean. Valentine - a tough, cold-blooded owner of a large travel company, got a complex task in a country where a woman, regardless of her professionalism, can not success in business - Turkey. So she calls two workers of the Urals branch - Dima and Misha for help. Czech teacher Peter experiences journey into the past to late 80's to recover his true love Eliska. At present he's nothing but relationship's loser so he tries to find his true love at least at the past. During his journey he passes not just through relationship's problem but thanks to his radical opinions also encounters problems with communists, even if he knows already from the future that totalitarian regime won't last forever. Nina, a former Miss of a province town currently unemployed, who has enough of her boring life with her husband, Cornel. She decides to kidnap Marinela, the bride of an local mobs wedding, in exchange of a huge ransom that hopefully will provide her a better life. Surprisingly enough the bride refuses to return to her disgusting husband and provokes a series of events very serious for her family, but hilarious for the movie. A dark and bloody parody about a Scooby-Doo-like team of paranormal investigators and their devoted dog.. The main heroine is the cosmonaut's wife. Despite the fact that she is on Earth and her husband is in orbit, the spouses decide to "go" on a date to Georgia. The heroine walks through the old city of Tbilisi and the Kazbegi mountains, dines at a local restaurant and tells her lover about all her impressions by phone. So that her husband can better understand where she is, the girl calls him the latitude and longitude of her location on Earth. The Cleary brothers, Sam (John Cena), Leo (Ethan Embry) and Douglas (Boyd Holbrook) took dysfunctional families to a new level: Sam and Leo have grown up hating each other and neither likes their juvenile delinquent kid brother, Douglas, to whom they've only recently been introduced. The sons share the same father, a womanizing drunk, but all have different mothers. Their father died a rich man and when they're brought together by their sister Nina (Amy Smart) to learn which of them will inherit the old man`s fortune, they are handed an unpleasant surprise. A harmless game of "Truth or Dare" among friends turns deadly when someone--or something--begins to punish those who tell a lie--or refuse the dare. Dracula and Renefield relocate to 70's era New York in search of Cindy Sondheim (the reincarnation of Dracula's one true love, Mina Harker). "Trouble adjusting" is a wild understatement for the Count as he battles Cindy's psychiatrist, Jeffrey Rosenberg (a descendant of Van Helsing who changed his name for professional reasons?), who may almost certainly, possibly, may be in love with Cindy too. Although deeply in love with her boyfriend - and indeed sleeping in the same bed with him - a schoolteacher cannot handle the almost complete lack of intimacy he will allow. Increasingly frustrated, she gradually finds her sexual appetites leading her into ever more risky situations, including a developing one with the headmaster. Poor Ivan Olsen is plagued by problems bullied at school and constantly pursued by a gang whose greatest pleasure is filling his pants with water. And when Ivan gets home, his dad doesn't have much sympathy for him either because he is crazy about Tarzan and fails to appreciate Ivan's finer qualities. But one day Ivan gets the chance to live up all of his dad's expectations and give the bullies at school a lesson they will never forget. The big question is whether having superpowers makes life any easier? Plot: Marco, a shy teenager, discovers that he has what it takes to be the perfect porn star. There is only one difficulty: how does he explain this to his parents? While Marco is still thinking about how to break the news, an (anonymous) neighbor discovers a porn tape with him as a star and leaves a note in his parents' mailbox. An ex-football star, paralyzed from the waist down during Vietnam, accepts the challenge of coaching football in a juvenile reform school. In the wilderness of British Columbia, two hunters are tracked and viciously murdered by Aaron Hallum. A former Special Operations instructor is approached and asked to apprehend Hallum--his former student--who has 'gone rogue' after suffering severe battle stress from his time in Kosovo.  Twenty-something Sameer is a brat who thinks he can get away with anything. When he lands a lucky date with 'Chandigarh Ki Shakira', Jasleen, he decides to sneak out his Dad's brand new Maruti without a second thought. After a mad night at a pub, a fun drive around the famous Gehri route and one peck on the cheek, Sameer ends up losing the car. The car was meant to be a gift for his sister on her wedding and is probably the only thing his stingy dad, Tej Khullar ever spent money on. With only three days to find it, he must ensure his dad doesn't get a whiff of what he has done. Else, he will be turned into butter chicken. Sameer's life will be turned upside down as he comes face-to-face with some insane characters like a Bhai from chor bazaar, an old man with a rifle pointed at his nose and of course, the Chandigarh cops. Doctor Innocentaanu is the story of Homeopathic Doctor Bargavan Pillai , who always helps poor patients. His wife Subha lakshmi is unhappy that her husband is not earning a lot to lead a financially healthy life. A group of Russian tourists go on a shopping spree to the neighboring Finland - only to be attacked by Finnish cannibals. We focus on a middle-aged woman and her teenage son who is shooting the film, as we watch it, on his cell-phone. The dogs of Doverville are in trouble again... but Emma O'Conner (Danielle Chuchran) is back to save them in a song-filled, seasonal extravaganza. Mean-spirited mogul Finneas James (Sean Patrick Flanery) plots to shut down the local puppy orphanage, unless Emma can come up with the money to save it. With the help of some friends, she races against time to put together a musical holiday event that just might save the day. Don't miss the new chapter in this heartwarming saga. People Get Ready for a very special musical celebration! Love Train: The Sound Of Philadelphia Live In Concert features timeless hits from producers Kenny Gamble and Leon Huff, featuring The O'Jays, Harold Melvin's Blue Notes and The Three Degrees. Two young guys in a bar hit on the woman they fancy by sending one of them over who tells her that the other one is terminally ill... A retired explorer is convinced to take up one last expedition with an old friend, to chart the never-before-explored Fuerte Valley. But when the expedition leaders turn against them and kidnap their friends to take a treasure, they must race against time to stop them.  A dark comedic tale about love, revenge, and the fickle nature of human morality.  New Federal marshal Len Merrick saves Tim Keith from lynching at the hands of the Roden clan, and hopes to get him to Santa Loma for trial. Vindictive Ned Roden, whose son Ed was killed, still wants personal revenge, and Tim would like to escape before Ned catches up with him again. Can the marshal make it across the desert with Tim and his daughter? Even if he makes it, will justice be served? Cindy was asleep under a maple tree/ Rolled over and said to me/ I dreamt of Air Cries/ I turned over, we were lying on the the/ dry cracked mud of a river bed/ Empty Water/ Puppies, Air Cries Only/ They don't make a sound/ My eyes on fire with nothing/ to quell them/ A piece of steel in the heart/. After being misled by the police about a rape and murder near a popular Washington, D.C. Go-Go club, a jaded journalist begins digging into the establishment's racist framework. Mickey and his friends put together a Choo-Choo train! Graced with a velvet voice, 21-year-old Violet Sanford heads to New York to pursue her dream of becoming a songwriter only to find her aspirations sidelined by the accolades and notoriety she receives at her "day" job as a barmaid at Coyote Ugly. The "Coyotes" as they are affectionately called tantalize customers and the media alike with their outrageous antics, making Coyote Ugly the watering hole for guys on the prowl. A one-day journey of four different people struggling in the city of Mumbai. One with vengeance, one on a mission, one with hope and one looking to con. A story about the relationships between the disabled man Xiangshu and a deaf-mute girl on the run from the police who takes refuge on his land. The Big Ask is a dark comedy about three couples who head to the desert to help their friend heal after the death of his mother. They would do anything for him - except for the one thing he wants. A withdrawn young man, Leland Fitzgerald is imprisoned for the murder of a mentally disabled boy, who also happened to be the brother of his girlfriend, Becky. As the community struggles to deal with the killing, Pearl Madison, a teacher at the prison, decides to write about Leland's case. Meanwhile, others affected by the murder, including Becky and her sister, Julie, must contend with their own problems. An alien narrates the story of his dying planet, his and his people's visitations to Earth and Earth's self-made demise, while human astronauts in space are attempting to find an alternate planet for surviving humans to live on. A documentary comedy about serious issues we have with our stuff, Xmas Without China follows Chinese immigrant Tom Xia as he challenges his American neighbors to survive the Christmas season without any Chinese products. Featurung Zachary Quinto (Star Trek 2, Margin Call), Penn Badgley (Easy A, Gossip Girl), Willie Garson (White Collar), and youtube star Grace Helbig, this raucous comedy chronicles the historical journey from the big bang to the end of humanity. When Stefan Kramer seems to have achieved everything, destiny tells him he has neglected what's most important... His family. His wife, who postponed her singing career to support her husband career and raise their children, is invited to a television singing competition; this participation will change her life. A comedy that tells the story of a famous comedian, who has to touch bottom, to reclaim what's most important in his life... The love of his wife and children.  Written by Claudia Gutierrez Hernandez A detective uncovers a formula that was devised by the Nazis in WW II to make gasoline from synthetic products, thereby eliminating the necessity for oil--and oil companies. A major oil company finds out about it and tries to destroy the formula and anyone who knows about it. Walking to Linas is the story of two artists, Stasha and Ada, on a pilgrimage to director Linas Phillips. This mockumentary comedy follows the hijinx of the two girls and the people that they meet along their journey. This is the feature length version of the web series The Prosaic Life of Stasha and Ada. MOHAMMED TO MAYA is a documentary feature that examines the spiritual and emotional side of sex change through the story of a devout Muslim from India (Maya Jafer), who was persecuted by her orthodox Muslim family and religious community for deciding to undergo sexual reassignment surgery. Filmmaker Jeff Roy follows Maya to three countries (Thailand, United States, and India), along a difficult journey as she struggles to maintain her faith while fighting for personal liberation. A successful writer experiments with a new creativity-inducing brain chip by implanting it in the mind of a naive country girl, Cristi.  The results are better than expected, but Cristi can no longer sleep, eat, smell... or die.  What seemed to be a breakthrough in science becomes a horrific nightmare. The story of a group of friends who reunite for their annual 4th of July weekend only to be confronted by Chad, a strange and beautiful nature photographer who begins to change their lives one by one. Complete copy held by the BFI. Nicte is the best Tourist Guide in the Riviera Maya, her tours are full of unique adventures! She takes tourists to spectacular places where nobody dares to go: swimming in cenotes, tossing for zip lines, snorkeling with turtles and trying local delicacies are some of the experiences her customers will never forget. Suddenly, the local company she works for is bought by a multinational and Nicte will be forced to start from scratch to form her own company.  An Indian student in Prague and a lonely New Yorker correspond online through video letters. A voyeuristic love story about aching for human connection in a hyper-connected world. Welcome to America's Most Haunted, the paranormal show that's not just trying to contact ghosts, they're here to kick ghosts out and send them back where they belong! But this time it's different. This time it's real. And if they can survive the night, they'll have the show of their lives. More than anything, 30-year-old Rose longs to be reunited with Mickael, her estranged 11-year-old son who has been placed with a foster family and blames his mother for their long separation. When she discovers that Mickael is crazy about wrestling, Rose thinks she's found a way to melt the ice: she'll put together a tag team with three girlfriends from the store where all four work as checkout girls... When a professional wingman falls for a professional man-eater, it's only a matter of time before they realize that they're in love with the competition. Legendary secrets are revealed as Aladdin and his friends--Jasmine, Abu, Carpet and, of course, the always entertaining Genie--face all sorts of terrifying threats and make some exciting last-minute escapes pursuing the King Of Thieves and his villainous crew. When a man's wife flakes on a last-ditch effort to save their marriage, his overeager brother-in-law joins him on a trip to a hipster resort in Nicaragua. An comedy set in 1960s Helsinki. The story revolves around Elsa, a resolute hatmaker who is in complete control of her life. Besides running her shop, she sometimes doubles as a fortune teller. When Jan, a Czechoslovakian jazz musician and Elsa's old lover comes to town to perform at a "peace and friendship festival", her well-organised life is jolted out of balance. Willy Wonka meets "The Breakfast Club" at Christmas. When kids become so bratty and self-centered that Santa's elves go on strike, Santa, in desperation, must bring six unscrupulous youths to his boot camp to help save Christmas. The Coffee Shop takes place in a gay owned, rainbow-friendly New York restaurant and coffee house where love is constantly tossed into the blender. Chuad meets Tonliw and falls in love with the TV show host. That's when he decides to seek the help of Pen, Tonliw's best friend. Pen's also got her own set of problems in the form of a controlling doctor boyfriend. When cornered by a police lieutenant, Eddie Randall advises the officer that he has a gun, then tells him how he came to this moment: Eddie relocated to New York's Spanish Harlem and was seduced by Rita Felton, who offers him work in her import/export business. Check out the hilarious story of luck and misadventures of Tino, a family man whose life is transformed after he wins the lottery. Dazzled by wealth, this boaster spends all his money on a life of luxury and ostentation. But after finding out that he is bankrupt, he faces comical situations: besides not telling his wife he is broke because she is pregnant and cannot get upset, Tino must accept help from his neighbor who is an extremely thrifty financial adviser and the only one capable of getting him out of the rut. Houkago Midnighters is about a human anatomical model that comes to life at midnight in a school.  Once a hugely popular clown trio, Oskar, Max, and Viktor are now living very different lives. The intense fight that ended their friendship has left them on bad terms for over 40 years. Max is battling colon cancer, Viktor's wife is losing a battle to Alzheimer's, and Oskar, who's never been the best dad, is trying to rescue his daughter from an abusive relationship. The good old days are gone indeed. Despite their situations, each one still tries to maintain a sense of humor. They look fondly on the days when they were slapstick superstars. However, when it comes to the issues that led to their career demise, they just can't seem to let their anger go. As they hesitantly agree to a reunion, they begin to find that the only way back to the top is through forgiveness. Jamie is a boorish, insensitive American twentysomething traveling in Chile, who somehow manages to create chaos at every turn. He and his friends are planning on taking a road trip north to experience a legendary shamanistic hallucinogen called the San Pedro cactus. In a fit of drunkenness at a wild party, Jamie invites an eccentric woman--a radical spirit named Crystal Fairy--to come along.  Ten director graduates from Marina Razbezhkina's School of Documentary Film and Documentary Theatre lived with a camera for two months in order to chronicle the last "Russian winter" and its popular uprising against Vladimir Putin's presidential run. People, faces, conversations, protests, failures and triumphs come together to chronicle the campaign. A couple is having a wedding anniversary date in their own apartment. He is at the kitchen, concentrated, cooking a heart-shaped chocolate cake, insistently interrupted by their chihuahua dog, which wants him to play fetch with her. Meanwhile, his curvy wife is getting ready: bathing, dressing in her sexiest clothes, and applying make up. Their movements and actions are, without them knowing, synchronized and mimicked by the other, and they lead to the bedroom. What about the dog?! A blind detective, former cop, teams up with a policewoman who admires him to solve the disappearance of a girl friend of hers, years ago. Besides, he helps her to improve her skills as an investigator. Sex, love, break ups, turning 30, and staying in. A computer hacker's goal to discover the reason for human existence continually finds his work interrupted thanks to the Management; this time, they send a teenager and lusty love interest to distract him. In the small town of Boone, North Carolina, Jonathan Caviness has a meaningful life complete with close friends and a fulfilling career. Yet something is still missing. With an unexpected phone call from Jonathan's high school sweetheart, Elizabeth Stratford steps back into his life. He travels back to his home town Jena, Louisiana to visit her, giving him a glimpse of what it is he might have been missing. But the burning question is, 'Why is she back after all these years?' When a cheesy Little Saigon Real Estate salesman attempts to lure new customers by networking at funerals of complete strangers, his life soon begins to spin out of control. He gets sucked into a strange, dangerous world and must decide to stay and fight or withdraw from Little Saigon. King Henry II of England has trouble with the Church. When the Archbishop of Canterbury dies, he has a brilliant idea. Rather than appoint another pious cleric loyal to Rome and the Church, he will appoint his old drinking and wenching buddy, Thomas Becket, technically a deacon of the church, to the post. Unfortunately, Becket takes the job seriously and provides abler opposition to Henry. Pepijn and George's steady, seven-year relationship is shaken up after they allow a young student named Cas to sleep on their couch until he finds a place of his own. Gradually, both men fall head over heels for Cas' laconic charm and it forces them to reconsider their many long-term plans. Is Cas' presence endangering their relationship or is he actually a blessing in disguise? Two sworn enemies, Boetie (Leon Schuster) and Beast (Kenneth Nkosi) are forced to do a road trip together on foot, only to discover that they have been conned into being part of a TV reality show. When her boyfriend dumps Emily, a spontaneous woman in her 30s, she persuades her ultra-cautious mom to accompany her on a vacation to Ecuador. When these two very different women are trapped on this wild journey, their bond as mother and daughter is tested and strengthened while they attempt to navigate the jungle and escape. Long time friends Vaughn (a devout hypochondriac) and Larry (a hapless and perpetually single romantic) have never met a challenge they haven't run from. When a chance encounter with a stranger leads to their finding themselves transported to an old west town in the 1870s, they're forced into situations where failure appears to be a foregone conclusion. Terrified by change and even the hint of danger, Vaughn and Larry are a given a task that must be completed within two weeks or risk never returning to their modern day reality. Given their built-in limitations, a hilarious series of events ensue as they work to overcome their fears, competing interests and they must do battle with an ill-tempered gunslinger in an effort to return home. A socially awkward, heavy-set college student conducts a philosophy class experiment by conning his sexy, womanizing best friend into posing as "himself" to date a beautiful, charming woman from an online dating website. He's doing all this to prevent himself from losing his scholarship and flunking out of school. Once the truth unfolds, he realizes it was a huge mistake. Watch as the hilarity unfolds in this wacky comedy. Blood Trail is a hand-drawn animation which took over two years to complete. With the exception of some of the acting, Emerson Frakes was the sole creator of the film, from drawing, to editing, to the music. The process of creating the film could be compared to creating a work of art for the reasons that the creator had full control over the production, something that rarely occurs in movie making. In the age of 3D animation, Blood Trail reverts back to the roots of animation by using a hand-drawn technique which gives the viewer a unique cinematic experience. The technical aspects of the animation add a comical element that parallel the dark humor found in the story.  Half-witted longtime friends Albert, Isaac, Mozart "Mo", Michaelangelo "Mike" and Aristotle "Aris"  were used to living moronic yet pretty normal and hassle-free lives until successful career woman Becky Pamintuan accused them of killing her father and ruin everything for them. The Moron 5 are more than sure of their innocence but for the life of them, they can't find any single satisfactory argument on how to prove it especially when their opponent would do everything to punish them for whim. The film tells about the life of Warsaw Commissioner John Blonda. A Berlin writer sets out with a lively kebab vendor through the Alps where she comes face to face with love, loss and a Fiat obsessed pimp. a 2012 Filipino romance-drama film directed by Mac Alejandre, starring one of the hottest Kapuso loveteams in the generation Julie Anne San Jose and Elmo Magalona. In the crowded by lanes of old Delhi, Shuklaji runs a small photo studio as a front for small time crime. Over the years he has groomed a bunch of youngsters in the art of pick pocketing and petty crime. Then one day a girl comes into their midst and then everything collapses. A little-known actor discovers that he is hugely popular in Serbia. The estranged daughter (Lauren Lee Smith) of a recently deceased filmmaker gains a new understanding of her father when she offers to create a retrospective of his work. The young and timid surgeon Zhang Wenli has lost contact with his best friend Ji Yinchuan after his study. He hopes to see the charismatic Ji Yinchuan at a reunion organized by his girlfriend, however he doesn't show up. Through flashbacks, where dream and reality are one, the relationship the three young ones had with each other during their study is slowly unraveled.  A young woman struggles to move on with her life after the death of her husband, an acclaimed folk singer, when a brash New York writer forces her to confront her loss and the ambiguous circumstances of his death. A woman named Kit moves back to her parent's house, where she receives a mysterious invitation that would fulfill her childhood dreams. A militant performance-artist and a tall Korean foreign-exchange student become trapped in a small Southern town. The Tarzan story from Jane's point of view. Jane Parker visits her father in Africa where she joins him on an expedition. A couple of brief encounters with Tarzan establish a (sexual) bond between her and Tarzan. When the expedition is captured by savages, Tarzan comes to the rescue Members of a once-promising hip-hop group, now in their late 30s, struggle with regret, disappointment, and change on Election Night 2008. Franny is seven years old. Franny's mother's new boyfriend is 26 year old Nico, an aspiring filmmaker who couldn't even finish his graduation film. The first time they meet, Franny finds Nico in her mother's bed. From that moment on, Nico and Franny need to find a way to get along, love and hate each other - often all at once. Television producers and adventurers Josh Thomas and J.J. Kelley test their skills on an epic adventure down India's sacred River Ganges. Su-chan, Mai-chan, Sawako-san follows the lives of three women who are former co-workers. 34-year-old Su-chan works at a coffee shop and has feelings for the manager there. 34-year-old Mai-chan works at an OA machine maker. She is in a relationship with a married man. 39-year-old Sawako works as a web designer and also takes care of her grandmother. -san and her mother take care of her grandmother. Nick and Meg Burrows return to Paris, the city where they honeymooned, to celebrate their 30th wedding anniversary and rediscover some romance in their long-lived marriage. The film follows the couple as long-established tensions in their marriage break out in humorous and often painful ways. Donald Duck arrives at Brownstone National Park. The park's ranger, J. Audubon Woodlore, asks the bears to participate with the tourists but...no stealing! Humphrey decides to pair with Donald particularly because of the roast ham he has. When Donald doesn't reward the bear with his food, Humphrey tries a variety of means to get the ham finally getting Donald's attention by lying down on the road pretending that Donald ran over him. After Donald pays up with food, he sees through the scheme and struggles with Humphrey. After the ranger makes Donald and Humphrey clean up the resulting mess, he too notices the ham and makes off with it but is scolded for it by Donald and Humphrey. 30 years ago, David's younger brother Simon disappeared without a trace and has never been seen since. David is still looking, and the search for Simon has become his life. British comedy about an unpopular and uncool student who decides to hold a massive birthday party in his rich parents' house as a way to win the heart of the hottest girl in his college class. Ramiro is a journalist that after being on a car accident, develops phobia to speed. Suspended from his job, a mysterious publisher commissioned him to write the unauthorized biography of Ana Patricia Jones Ahumada, a Chilean rock legend. The investigation leads them to start a relationship, until one day she dies in a car accident. Devastated, Ramiro meets a woman of identical features and try to reconstruct it the image of his beloved, but is this a coincidence? Free adaptation of Hitchcock's Vertigo. Ram, a successful theatre artist, saves Mandar from committing suicide. He then ends up developing a special bond with Mandar and even helps solve his problems. Jiaming, a free spirited teenager, has never taken school seriously. However, he is forced to confront his future when he flunks his O level exams and drops out of school. While deciding his future, Jiaming decides to help out at his parents music pub, Meng Chuan.  Jiaming's buddies Caogen, Haoban and Xiaopang pass their exams and move on to Junior College. But they are caught renting porn magazines by the principal and are suspended for a month.  During this month, the boys join a local music competition, have a taste of first love, and work hard to bring business back to the struggling Meng Chuan. In this coming-of-age tale, Jiaming and gang realise the harsh realities of the real word. In growing up, choosing to follow your heart is never easy in the face of societal expectations. A struggling couple are in dire straits and living paycheck to paycheck. When an opportunity to live rent-free in a 55 and older community arises, they are forced to disguise themselves as seniors and try to fake their way into living there. The movie opens with Lord Vishnu (Bramhanandam) trying to pacify Lakshmi Devi (Kovai Sarala), who is quite disappointed after listening to words of Narada that Lord Vishnu didn't gave any present to Lakshmi Devi on the eve of her Birthday (Akshaya Tritiya). Lord Vishnu shows a love story between 2 orphans Ravi Teja (Ravi Teja), a settlement broker in Hyderabad and Ileana (Ileana D'Cruz), a taxi driver living in Bangkok. Arjun falls for Shalini at first sight. Initially, Liya resists his advances, but later falls for his charms. When Liya's uncle Nambi , a dreaded goon, gets to know about the relationship, he makes life hell for Arjun. French filmmaker Eric Lartigau directs the anarchic buddy comedy Bullit and Riper, originally released as Mais qui a tue Pamela Rose? French comedic television stars Kad Merad and Olivier Barroux are both the protagonists and the screenwriters. As a parody of Hollywood cop films, the story is set somewhere in the American Midwest as fabricated by the French. After losing his regular partner, FBI agent Richard Bullit (Merad) gets assigned to the book-learned cop Riper (Barroux) to investigate the death of a stripper. American movie stereotypes abound, such as shock jock Phil Canon (Gerard Darmon) and sheriff Steve Marley (Jean-Paul Rouve). Thomas Nichols thinks he has life beat. He's successful, handsome, has loving friends and family and a longtime girlfriend who adores him. How can he go wrong? By being unfaithful! Three interconnected stories explore the complicated relationships of young, attractive Argentinian adults searching for true love Dancer and choreographer Dave St-Pierre is adored by critics and audiences alike. His subversive, innovative works are taking Europe by storm. But his own body is failing him. Dave is 34 and has cystic fibrosis. The average life expectancy for sufferers is 37. His doctors have given him two years to live unless he has a lung transplant. With the sense of urgency growing, his best friend and creative partner, director and actress Brigitte Poupart, turns her camera on the daily life of a man who is waiting for a life-or-death call from the doctor. A call that could come at any moment. United by art and friendship, the two create a space in which creativity emerges as a vital act. Over My Dead Body is an engrossing private diary that accepts neither taboos nor fate. It features testimonials from Dave's friends, loved ones and collaborators, as well as excerpts from his works. During the seventies, the massive arrival of television in the Brazilian countryside puts in jeopardy the business of running small movie theaters. Francisgleydisson is the owner of Cine Holliudy, and he must be extremely creative to keep his passion for cinema alive.  A month's vacation with the family can mean a lot, which is what Lily realizes when she returns home after several years living abroad. Her mother, a character with an exceptional simplicity, forces her to visit their relatives, giving her a family tour through the abandoned landscape of her childhood making her explore her own frustrations, limitations and faults we all inherit. Three very different women who are hiding a secret are forced to work together to save their own skin. A young actress has retired from films to marry the son of a prominent and rich politician in New York City. The father objects strongly to the marriage. The actress is being blackmailed by a second-rate artist who has stolen some letters from her that could be misconstrued. During the payoff, she is knocked unconscious, and awakens to find herself involved in a murder and the police have her marked as the number-one suspect. A mahout has lost his elephant. A theater owner has lost her god. A god has lost his identity. A devil has lost his teeth. A constable has lost his faith. A tea stall owner has lost his cycle. An elephant has lost its way. And they've all lost their marbles as they come together to search for something even they don't know. A journey into chasing the one thing that drives us all: a purpose. Jack has finally managed to propose to his infertile girlfriend when his life is turned upside down by the arrival of an old one-night stand that introduces him to his seven year old son. Every nation gets the heroes it deserves. A man with a special blood type is used as a device for human doping athletes skiing national team. A flock of storks fly in the misty sky, all carrying white bundles. One of the bundles falls and a little girl called Juniper ends up in a strange world. This is the beginning of a wonderful, magical adventure as the girl tries to find out who she really is and where she came from. She finally meets an old troll called Rolli who tells the girl his own, eventful story. The girl and the troll become friends and together they encounter a dangerous threat against the fairytale woods. This is a universal tale of bravery and friendship that takes its audience through exciting plot twists, circus spotlights and the splendor of the fantastic forest. Four Angels return from a failed mission to assassinate Ronald Reagan in 1981, and learn that their failure will have dire consequences on the future of humanity. Our current administration was never supposed to happen. Dark Fist tells the story of Eddie (Andy Warski), a desperate, depressed man who's down on his luck. When he loses his job, he plans to rob a convenience store, instead he gets himself tangled with an underground crime syndicate. He becomes the crime fighter known as Dark Fist. A poor and wronged woman's son returns from the big city to avenge his father, a honest school teacher.   When Martin and Sol try to solve the enigma of a missing neighbor, they will discover that nothing is what it seems, that your hearing can trick you just like your imagination and that your heart is a double-edged weapon.   The police force of a remote Midwestern town search for a killer Santa Claus who is picking off citizens on Christmas Eve. An aspiring dancer moves to New York City and becomes caught up in a whirlwind of flighty fair-weather friends, diminishing fortunes and career setbacks. A big mall security guard becomes friend with the attractive woman. The only problem: he doesn't know yet that she is a mall owner. Gerry is a talented but down-on-his-luck gambler whose fortunes begin to change when he meets Curtis, a younger, highly charismatic poker player.  The two strike up an immediate friendship and Gerry quickly persuades his new friend to accompany him on a road trip to a legendary high stakes poker game in New Orleans. As they make their way down the Mississippi River, Gerry and Curtis manage to find themselves in just about every bar, racetrack, casino, and pool hall they can find, experiencing both incredible highs and dispiriting lows, but ultimately forging a deep and genuine bond that will stay with them long after their adventure is over. This Metaphysical Dark Action Comedy "A MAN CALLED NEREUS" is the debut feature of writer/director Nathan Hill, for Armored Vision. Nereus is an autistic man who is being held captive by the Filaria crime family due to his unique ability to predict the exact outcome of sporting events through time travel. However, this all changes the moment he is kidnapped by a junkie who plans to take him to Las Vegas. Now on the run, the two must weave through madmen, corrupt law enforcement and new-age terrorists. One of pop music's truly innovative bands, The Police were one of the most pervasive musical influences of the 1980s. Led by charismatic singer Sting, the band cultivated an artful fusion of rock and reggae that was defined by Stewart Copeland's minimalist drumming. EVERY BREATH YOU TAKE contains videos from the band's inception, including such classics as "Roxanne," "So Lonely," and the newly created clip "Don't Stand So Close to Me." The visual quality of "Every Breath You Take," which was filmed in black and white, is exceptional. English satellites who conduct research from space discover large oil deposit in the area of tho Old Mines in Cyprus. A big part of the area belongs to C... (he has bought it from his Turkish Cypriot colleague) who has retired there with his wife. The outbreak of a big economic crisis leads the two sons of the family to bankruptcy forcing them to move their families to the house. This whole situation is made worse when the Cyprus government keeps asking to buy the house, and our protagonist character stubbornly refuses. Moreover two English agents and the Turkish Cypriot heir, camp outside the house. The house is in a state of internal and external siege. Tom Lee is more interested in the arts than in sports, something that sits uneasily with both his father and his classmates. Tom's school housemaster Bill Reynolds even gives him a hard time for his "effeminate" interests. However, Bill's wife Laura sympathizes with Tom and tries to help him with her own overtures. As the Avengers and their allies have continued to protect the world from threats too large for any one hero to handle, a new danger has emerged from the cosmic shadows: Thanos. A despot of intergalactic infamy, his goal is to collect all six Infinity Stones, artifacts of unimaginable power, and use them to inflict his twisted will on all of reality. Everything the Avengers have fought for has led up to this moment - the fate of Earth and existence itself has never been more uncertain. A rib-tickling comedy about a group of spirits who, in their various idiosyncrasies, try and save their only haunt, their resting place, when some unscrupulous builders try and break it down to build a modern monstrosity. In the working-class Paris suburb of Montreuil, Jimmy's restaurant, the Bombay Bar, is on the verge of being closed down by creditors. Jimmy is despondent -- the fact that his wife is about to have a baby isn't helping matters -- when he and his business partner Fifi find unlikely inspiration in the form of "Riches et Sympas," a TV show dedicated to the lives of the rich and famous. Figuring that getting the "right" people to frequent their business will ensure its reputation, Jimmy and Fifi persuade Jimmy's friend, the laid-back, unemployed Mike, to pose as a nobleman and lure his moneyed associates to the Bombay Bar. Mike agrees, and after crashing a posh charity ball, he finds himself being taken in by the likes of society fixture Arthus de Poulignac and Evrard, the latter of whom ensconces Mike in his private mansion. Unfortunately, Mike soon becomes a little too fond of his newly-acquired lifestyle, leaving Jimmy to wonder what to do with the monster he unwittingly created. Quirky and rebellious April Burns lives with her boyfriend in a low-rent New York City apartment miles away from her emotionally distant family. But when she discovers that her mother has a fatal form of breast cancer, she invites the clan to her place for Thanksgiving. While her father struggles to drive her family into the city, April -- an inexperienced cook -- runs into kitchen trouble and must ask a neighbor for help. A lifeguard at Lake Muggel has his hand bitten off and the marks indicate a shark attack. The lake is closed to the public by extending a local festival indefinitely while the city council thinks of what can be done to remove the shark. The public becomes restless having their lake closed for so long and come up with a plan to drive the shark from the lake with large quantities of beer. Deeply ensconced in a top-secret military program, three pilots struggle to bring an artificial intelligence program under control ... before it initiates the next world war. When a mysterious cyber-attack cripples civilization, a group of old college friends and lovers retreat to a remote country cabin, where they must cope with an uncertain future while navigating the minefield of their shared past.  Eric Hayes is a stringer. One notch below the lowest rung of the journalistic ladder. A video vulture preying on police chases, ambulance runs, and random street violence, selling his footage to the highest bidder and living on a steady diet of cigarettes and bloodlust. For years, Eric has lived off of other people's pain and misery. But he's about to discover something beneath the streets of Los Angeles even hungrier for blood than he is. He's about to discover THE GHOULS. Despite cricket fever running wild, there are two people in India who dislike its influence over their lives. The first is Dr. Satyajit Chavan, who will not permit anyone in his home nor the hospital to view nor hear anything related to it; and the second is Kashmira, who is recently married to Sarabjeet Singh, and hates cricket as her husband is obsessed with it and has even neglected to be attentive leave alone take her for a honeymoon. Then there is Hemandra Patel, located in England for over 10 years, works as an airport Janitor, but has told everyone he is a Customs Officer, is awaiting word on his becoming a Citizen, but his fate rests with Immigration Officer, Cook, who hates all Patels, including Sardar Vallabhai Patel. Watch how the world cup influences them, and the shock that awaits Hemandra when he finds that his daughter is secretly seeing an English-African male by the name of Silver. Newly engaged, Thomas meets his future father-in-law Gilbert, who has been married for 30 years to Suzanne. Disillusioned Gilbert is convinced that his marriage has meant he's missed out on life. He persuades Thomas not to marry his daughter Lola and encourages him to drop everything else in his life as well. The two men then throw themselves into a new brats' life full of adventure, convinced that freedom is elsewhere. But at what cost do we rediscover our adolescent dreams? The film tells the story of an eight meter long crocodile on the rampage in Hangzhou. Xiao befriends Amao, a 36 foot crocodile, who lives on his fathers croc sanctuary. Soon his father is forced to sell the crocodiles to a gangster who plans to use them for high priced meals. The story begins. A couple lives though three different lives over different eras as destiny conspires to make them fall in love with each other, against all odds. The Girl Witch Bibi Blocksberg and her best friend Tina have adventures on a horse ranch... As Chance's high school reunion approaches, she must come face to face with the one fear that she has yet to accept. In this psychedelic comedy, a lone red balloon, dearly cherished from childhood, multiplies as it leads Chance on a journey of acknowledgement. Corey Jacobs an up and coming actor has dreams of making it big in Hollywood! Follow him as he goes through the ups and downs of getting to the next level. Will he make it? From the makers of Hack Job and I Spill Your Guts! Rich and Benny have always had trouble with the ladies, until they befriend a demon named Az. It's a non-stop party until a killer, soul eating beast leaps through an open portal from the underworld and starts terrorizing their city. Now it's up to Az and the boys to send the creature back to the depths of Hades where it came from, all the while looking good and doing it Cool As Hell in this horror comedy. Featuring a killer punk, hardcore and metal soundtrack and appearances from genre favorites Tom Savini and Frank Mullen as well as Andrew WK, the Meatmen and more! The "black sheep" son of a wealthy family meets a young psychiatric patient who's been raised in isolation her entire life. He takes the naive young woman home for his brother's wedding an improbable romance blooms, as she impresses everyone with her genuine, simple charms. Remake of the German film "Barfuss" (2005). Adaptation of Alex Pareja's book Max and Annie's weekly game night gets kicked up a notch when Max's brother Brooks arranges a murder mystery party -- complete with fake thugs and federal agents. So when Brooks gets kidnapped, it's all supposed to be part of the game. As the competitors set out to solve the case, they start to learn that neither the game nor Brooks are what they seem to be. The friends soon find themselves in over their heads as each twist leads to another unexpected turn over the course of one chaotic night. Unmade in China follows American director Gil Kofman as he travels to Xiamen, China to direct the Republic's first ever thriller. Once there he discovers that the old adage of making a film three times, once in the writing, once in the shooting and once in the editing, is in fact just the opposite in his host country, where his film is unmade three times. Undaunted by his inability to speak or understand the Mandarin language, Kofman directs his frequently recast actors through a translator as government censorship and constant cultural mishaps hijack his script and derail production. Like Man of la Mancha set in Communist China, there has never been a film quite like this. A couple invites their 4 children for a barbecue back at their farm by the seaside. A Sunday barbecue; endless toasts; a family like any other, yet a family like none other. A driving instructor must use her other-worldly gifts to save a lonely man's daughter from a rock star looking to use her for Satanic purposes.  The Mommy Returns tells the story of a mother, Ruby (Pokwang), who dies right on the day of her 25th wedding anniversary with husband, William (Gabby Concepcion). With her untimely death, she leaves behind her three children Amethyst (Kiray Celis), Topaz (Gerald Pesigan), and Sapphire (Jillian Ward).  Ruby is also temporarily trapped in PURGA (short for Purgatory) with its guardian, Dyoga (John Lapus) and the pesky Manny, the chicken pet of San Pedro.  When Catherine (Ruffa Gutierrez), a younger and prettier woman comes into the life of William, Ruby escapes from PURGA and returns to earth as a ghost to drive Catherine out of the family she left behind. "It's amazing what we can experience when we get involved with nature", and Raven nut Rick Boufford shows you how it can begin right in your own backyard. In "Backyard Beginnings" Rick uses his unique relationship and love of nature to share his secret to a "happy life." Love's wires are crossed in this hilarious caper; strategies and misunderstandings abound as the young protagonists struggle to navigate their way through life, land jobs, and find a place to live. This movie is a story of Liquior shop with bar attached. Feelings will be before going to the Liquor shop and after consuming coming out of the bar and its in &amp; out matters. A film is not encouraging to have drinks and not to have drinks and no lesson out of it. It is only in and outs of the liquor shop according to the Director Kamalakannan[8].  A small village and a Kalyana Mantap was made as a liquor shop atached with a bar and local peoples been engaged in that and asked them to stay there for twenty days and all shots taken there and night itself editing ad shown to them with the training given to them as per Kamlakannan Director of the Movie. Cameraman Sumee Baskaran handled N7 camera and shots has come out excellent as per his speeches. "Karaoglan - Altay'dan Gelen Yigit" is the first adaptation based on a famous Turkish historical comic book by Suat Yalaz. Ajab Gazabb Love ('Strange and Amazing Love') is a 2012 Bollywood romantic comedy film directed by Sanjay Gadhvi and produced by Vashu Bhagnani. The film stars Jackky Bhagnani opposite Nidhi Subbaiah in lead roles, along with Arjun Rampal, Darshan Jariwala and Kirron Kher in supporting roles, whilst Arshad Warsi appears in a cameo role. Bathing Franky is a 2012 Australian film that centers on a young man struggling to reconnect with his life after being released from prison.  Florence and Vincent Leroy are a model couple. They have great jobs, a perfect marriage and delightful children. And now they want their divorce to be an equal success. But when they are both simultaneously promoted to their dream jobs, their relationship becomes a nightmare. From that moment on, the gloves are off, the two exes declare war and will do everything in their power to NOT have custody of their children. The explosive, inspiring and true story of a savage street fighter who turned his life around fallowing a conversion to Christianity. He felt God's call, and acted upon it, to take the message of Jesus Christ to teenage gangs all over America and beyond. Mirza - The Untold Story is based on the legendry love story of Mirza and Sahiba. Mirza is being played by Gippy Grewal and Sahiba is played by Mandy Takhar. Mirza and his Sahiba fall in love with each other at a very young age. However, one of her brother's, Jeet (Rahul Dev) disapproves of their relationship and forcefully distances them apart.n Mirza. Reverend Brooks leads the town in a contest to stop smoking for a month, But some tobacco executives don't want them to win, and try everything they can to make them smoke. If townspeople don't go nuts, from wanting a cigarette, or kill each other from irritation and frustration, they will will a huge prize. It's a jungle out there for Blu, Jewel and their three kids after they're hurtled from Rio de Janeiro to the wilds of the Amazon. As Blu tries to fit in, he goes beak-to-beak with the vengeful Nigel, and meets the most fearsome adversary of all: his father-in-law.  Jim Wood has a dream to be famous, but he's too busy chasing the dream, he risks missing what success really means. In San Andresito, anything can be found: From trendy shoes or expensive perfumes, to cellphones, candies and movies. In this place, Agent Wilson Tenorio is falsely accused of murder and must prove his innocence to save his life. Marital fidelity can wear you down, and Ondra and Vitek are certainly suffering from a case of serious fatigue. Working side by side and living next door to each other, it doesn't take long before these two long-married middle-aged pals start comparing sex notes, and it's plain to see their latest scores have fallen far below what they would have hoped. Luckily, a surprise holiday on a tropical island rekindles their interest in their wives - only they don't exacly lust after their designated partners. With no one to divert their attention, their roaming eyes inevitably settle on the wrong spouse, and pretty soon they've established their own little Holy Quaternity. Sequel to the 2012 film "At Stake: Vampire Solutions", the AS:VS team is back and facing a host of new problems as they work to avoid government shut down, and fight to stay alive while combating the growing vampire threat. Set against the 2003 northeast blackout, "B.O.Y.D." follows a group of 20-somethings as they embark on a journey with equal parts debauchery and self-discovery. Featuring the sights and sounds of western new york, it is an unforgettable experience that reminds us all what it feels like to be stuck in a rut and how much fun you can have getting out of it. A hard-working small business owner and his two associates travel to Europe to close the most important deal of their lives.  But what began as a routine business trip goes off the rails in every imaginable - and unimaginable - way, including unplanned stops at a massive sex fetish event and a global economic summit. Maya elopes with Balakrishnan only to abandon him the next day. Balakrishnan then feigns a happy marriage for which he hires a girl, Mayamohini who later turns out to be a man hunted by the cops. Oru Kal Oru Kannadi is an upcoming Indian Tamil-language comedy film written and directed by M. Rajesh. It stars producer Udhayanidhi Stalin, in his acting debut, Hansika Motwani and Santhanam in the lead roles, whilst featuring Harris Jayaraj's music and K.Balasubramaniam's cinematography. The film, named after Yuvan Shankar Raja's hit song from Rajesh's debut film Siva Manasula Sakthi (2009), Still some of the Scenes are filming. It is currently in production stage and planned for release by the end of 2011. Sudigadu is a 2012 Telugu comedy film directed by Bhimaneni Srinivasa Rao and produced by Chandrasekhar D Reddy under Arundathi Movies. It is the adaptation of C. S. Amudhan's debut tamil super hit movie Thamizh Padam Reckless desire wreaks havoc over Memorial Day weekend as a family confronts the volatile and fragile nature of love. A modern retelling of Anton Chekhov's "The Seagull", set in rural New England. A down on his luck man gets into an absurd but high stakes bet where he has one summer to find, and hook up with, every girl he had a crush on from 1st to 12th grade. Nathalie, Christophe and Joelle are in the midst of an existential crisis. Brought together by Selma, 95 and seriously ill, they will spend a memorable summer on the banks of the Moselle. How ironic that the one whom they had intended to help to die should help them to live... Modern farms are struggling to keep a secret. Most of the animals used for food in the United States are raised in giant, bizarre factories, hidden deep in remote areas of the countryside. Speciesism: The Movie director Mark Devries set out to investigate. The documentary takes viewers on a sometimes funny, sometimes frightening adventure, crawling through the bushes that hide these factories, flying in airplanes above their toxic manure lagoons, and coming face-to-face with their owners. In any Hotel, there are stories. Each guest there has one, a past, a conflict, as well as hope. Set in a hotel over the course of 24 hours, 'Checking In', tells five stories, each allowing us an insight into some of these guests. What happens when an Asian wedding goes awry? Can a one-night stand be more than just that? Will a singer regain her inspiration? And can you really get away with stealing the complimentary soap!? These are just some of the stories you will find when you 'check in'. The Rifftrax guys riff the shockingly bad movie Birdemic: Shock and Terror Danny wants something more. Expelled from school and living in his grandfathers flat, he longs to live up to the image of his estranged father Danny Senior Filmed in one long take, it's about a woman moving and her ex-boyfriend. Govinda plays role of a person who is an easy going person and Priyanka enters his life. He wants to win her over and for this he keeps making one after another mistake. In order to impress her, he tells many lies and she starts hating him.  This film is remake of successful Tamil film "Priyamudan" directed by Vincent Selva. A tender coming of age story of two brothers thrown into turmoil by their father's declining health, GRAND DEPART reveals a young man looking to his future, while struggling with his past. Between his domineering brother Luc (Jeremie Elkaim) and his incorrigible father (Cesar winner Eddy Mitchell), Romain (Pio Marmai) finds that he can't go on being the boy who does what is expected of him. Approaching 30, Romain decides that it's time to face his family as an adult and, in the process, learn more about himself than he ever imagined. A young boy helps the Browns clan defeat the Lion, Bear, and Bengal clans. The Browns clan was played by the then-members of the Cleveland Browns.  A courageous homicide detective falls into a treacherous web of depravity after plunging herself into the world of sexual fetish videos in pursuit of an elusive serial killer. A madman has been slicing up bridesmaids all over the city, and Detective Greer English (Laura Romeo) is determined to see that justice is served. As the wave of terror continues, Detective English focuses her investigation on Billy Tagg (Michael McGovern) - a fetish photographer who specializes in the extreme. But Billy isn't who he appears to be, and by the time Detective English discovers he's been taken over by an ancient entity known as "The Tickle Monster," she may already be laughing her way to an early grave. A man and a woman who is only given so much time to live fall in love and resolves heart aching love into a bright and cheerful one. 70-year-old widower Ben Whittaker has discovered that retirement isn't all it's cracked up to be. Seizing an opportunity to get back in the game, he becomes a senior intern at an online fashion site, founded and run by Jules Ostin. The history of Italian zombie cinema, beginning with the breakout worldwide influence and success of George Romero's Night of the Living Dead and continuing through to Lucio Fulci's trend-setting Zombie Flesh-Eaters (Zombi 2) and its many imitators. A woman is disliked by men in her village because of her bad temper. She uses her martial arts skills to beat up men who are unfaithful to their wives. In a fateful bumper car collision, Jake and Ella meet and become the most loving couple in the long history of romance. But when a scheming "other" woman drives a wedge of jealousy into their perfect courtship, insecurity and hatred spell out an untimely fate. With only the help of a disgraced magician and his forbidden "soul machine", Ella takes the form of Jake's numerous lovers, desperately fighting through the malfunction and deceit as they try to reclaim their destiny. Jimmy Boner, a 20-something slacker living with his parents, is given an ultimatum by his wicked stepmother to find a job and move out within 3 months after he accidentally walks in on her book club meeting wearing nothing but an iPod. Jimmy scrambles to find a job and lands an interview at a rundown, overworked accounting office where he meets Ivana, a recently-demoted corporate ice queen with whom Jimmy falls instantly in love. Through a miracle of fate, Jimmy gets the job despite having no marketable skills and puts his nose to the grindstone, working grueling hours and enduring Ivana's constant disappointment, in the hopes of impressing her and garnering her affections. Chaos, hilarity, and triumph ensue as Jimmy seeks to gain independence and find true love. A comedy about love, loneliness and fear. One-time teen lovers reunite when the woman reveals the man to be the father of her daughter. Status Quo play a series of shows in Fiji and become embroiled in a secret Russian Roulette ring lorded over by Jon Lovitz. ABSEITSFALLE is the story of Karin and Mike. They work at Perla, a washing machine manufacturer. She is a career woman, he is on the assembly line and plays for the factory soccer team. The company is owned by an American corporation. Until now it has been business as usual, but all of a sudden comes the news that 400 redundancies are needed if Perla is to survive. Suddenly, there is everything to play for. Written by Anonymous A soccer magnate on a promotion tour in Addis Ababa gets mixed up in a fake kidnapping. His supposed liberator is a 12-year old street kid with a plan - to have the Godfather of soccer take him to ballplayer's heaven. Siblings find their dead uncle's secret stash VHS tapes. The tapes feature sick solicitors, gruesome dares, patricide, demonic technology, monstrous fruit and many more horrors. As they eagerly watch each of these shocking, bizarre, comedic and bloody movies, little do they know that they are conjuring something very ghoulish and gruesome. In the tradition of horror anthologies like V/H/S. A one-month-journey of twin sisters from London back to their home, Bangkok, by train.  They traveled via the famous trans-Siberian route through many countries such as Germany, Russia, Mongolia and China, with many stories to tell. In 2012 the comet Rose crossed the skies of the city of Barcelona and its magic that night caused 346 love stories flourish. An atmosphere of dreams, hopes and desire mixed to give a special connection between people. From these stories six are the stars of the film. A dinner among friends with a love of life is coupled with a first time for miles.  An encounter that can change their lives and revive old ties that clash with the discovery of a baby on the way. In parallel, the struggle between friendship and love strikes the last story, a clandestine love between gay athletes who have to make a tough decision. A documentary on the electric guitar from the point of view of three significant rock musicians: the Edge, Jimmy Page and Jack White. A dysfunctional love story about an Irish food writer and a politically committed Spanish woman. Rock Polotan (Concepcion) and Tracy Fuentebella (Dos Santos) are teenage sweethearts and both nursing students in a university in Manila are in love and full of dreams. A youthful indiscretion leads them to early parenthood, a situation they face squarely, and quite maturely, by planning to get married. They shortly realize, however, that the problem behind their wedding plans has less to do with themselves than with their own parents. After a mobster agrees to cooperate with an FBI investigation in order to stay out of prison, he's relocated by the authorities to a life of suburban anonymity as part of a witness protection program. It's not long before a couple of his new neighbours figure out his true identity and come knocking to see if he'd be up for one more hit--suburban style.  Two high schoolers make it their mission to help their friend lose his virginity before senior year. After Beetle blows it with local hottie Felicia, his friends take him on a hilarious quest to find an underground brothel shrouded in myth and secrecy, LOLA'S LOVE SHACK. From the album Crowd Control (1981) The Tough Titty is about to go under after losing a lot of money and gaining no customers. After they bring together their staff for the night to declare bankruptcy and lay offs, little do they know that around them the city is being sieged by the walking dead. Following the events of Captain America: Civil War, Peter Parker, with the help of his mentor Tony Stark, tries to balance his life as an ordinary high school student in Queens, New York City, with fighting crime as his superhero alter ego Spider-Man as a new threat, the Vulture, emerges. Isaki Lacuesta presents a social satire in which five common or garden citizens, from a country pretty much identical to our own, see their lives ripped apart by the economic crisis. With nothing more to lose, they come up with a crazy plan to save the Spanish and world economy: kidnap the chairman of the Central Bank and demand that he return everything to the way it used to be. When a young woman learns her parents' killer has been released from jail, she is forced to revisit old wounds while discovering the destructive power of hate and the true cost of family secrets fully revealing themselves. The Patels, members of the Gujarati farming community, are obsessed with migrating to the United States to buy a motel.  Jompa Tormann is back, and everything is better, except the humor, which is even worse than in the first movie of vengeance. A kindergarten principal finds a series of morbid cartoons drawn by a docile pupil. A porn actor struggles to rise to the occasion while filming his first porno. A middle-aged nightclub bouncer faces off with a rebellious teenage stripper. Director Ken Kwek tells three iconoclastic stories in a short film that pitches political correctness out the window of Singapore mainstream cinema. Tired of being overlooked for bigger roles, a struggling dwarf actor sets out to be cast as the Tin Man in Martin Scorsese's remake of The Wizard of Oz. Suraj has everything any young man would kill for-an MBA, a well-paid job and an offer from the UK. But his dream is to become a filmmaker, and so he says goodbye to his career. Disowned by his family and friends, Suraj starts out at the bottom, pasting movie posters on walls and also faces rejection from the industry as well. This movie follows his journey from being an MBA to a filmmaker. Can There Be Love In Zombietown? YouTube is not just an amateur video site. The third most trafficked site on the Internet is among of a handful of mediums building the careers of independent artists who are making over six figures a year by just uploading videos to the internet. PLEASE SUBSCRIBE is a feature-length documentary that gives an exclusive look and explores the phenomenon behind of some of the most influential and unique content creators currently taking the world of online entertainment by storm. "The Party Is Over" tells the story of three unusual guys who are roommates at a Southern California university and whose privileged lifestyle and the freedom that goes with it lead to bizarre and obsessive, even twisted, relationships with three equally complicated women.  Romance, crisis and adventure on one of London's luscious commons. Alan and Thomas are bored by their lives. One is a geologist, but works at a university, where the director refuses to finance his once-in-a-lifetime Alaska mission. The other directs a TV talk show that's about to be canceled. They both need a change. They had a dream in common, and their lives will bump one into each other. Dreaming Alaska is a story about dreams put away in a drawer too many times, but those dreams are what defines ones personality, just for having tried to pursue them. A film about love...freedom...friendship...LIFE. Maybe your Alaska is waiting just around the corner. Stop dreaming, start living with this feel good "zero budget" fresh comedy filled with music! Three women believe they can survive without the help of a man, but the arrival of Ashok Raj, a lawyer trained drama director, into their lives forces them to revise their opinions. On vacation from Mexico, wealthy man-children Oscar and Arturo are causing havoc in New York City, partying like there's no tomorrow. Their sense of entitlement is only outmatched by their unchecked stamina. Amidst the debauchery, the two get caught up in a Homeland security investigation that threatens to derail their amusement. This rambunctious comedy of mistaken identities and sexual promiscuity is a riot from start to finish.  Ritchie is the epitome of everything wrong with modern man: a pompous, foul-mouthed idiot, driven only to get the latest girl of the week  Something changes after his first real relationship that includes Ritchie's two favorite things: frequent condomless sex and freshly baked cookies. Through his "confessions," we learn his womanizing goes much deeper, fueled by a scar caused years ago. But leave it to his new best friend, a transgendered prostitute named Ginger, to help Ritchie work through these psychological issues. Sachiko runs a business in Japan, but her business fails. She then escapes to Bali. There, Sachiko meets rich Japanese man Aniki. From him, Sachiko gets encouragement. The hospitality division in Koichi Prefecture can't promote the beautiful nature in the area due to a strict rule by the prefecture government. Popular writer and Koichi area native Kyosuke Yoshikado is appointed as a special envoy for tourism in the area. He then receives a recommendation to meet Seien, a former employee of Koichi Prefecture, who once hatched an unusual idea to promote tourism. Seien pushed forward a project to import pandas into the area, but lost his job because of that project. Meanwhile, hospitality division employees Fumitaka and Taki visits the tourist house which is run by Seien and his daughter. When they arrive, the daughter throws a bucket of water at them, still angry for the way her father was dismissed from his job. From there, a plan for the hospitality division is born. A deadly car accident brings together a group of previously unrelated people, each of whom is forced to deal with the emotional fallout. Four women who have reached the bottom of despair are ready to do anything to re-surface again. And at that very moment life offers them the most absurd opportunity-to fulfill their dream. On the borderline between fantasy and reality the four of them realize that when you have nothing you can risk everything. They rush into a planned bank robbery without realizing that money is the last thing they need. Because fate collides them with people who dream as well. After their overenthusiastic RA is imprisoned in Mexico, a group of college freshmen are plunged into their first semester under a renegade Resident Advisor, Dean "The Dean" Slater. The boys battle viral video stigma, psychotic girlfriends, and hangovers on their way to creating a more analogue college experience. A comedic drama about a group of people (and several robots) living on a space station in a 1970's-version of the future. When a new Assistant Captain arrives, she inadvertently ignites tensions among the crew, prompting them to confront their darkest secrets. Barely contained lust, jealousy, and anger all bubble to the surface, becoming just as dangerous as the asteroid that's heading right for them. "Muffin Top: A Love Story" is the story of Suzanne (Cathryn Michon) a Women's Studies Pop Culture professor at Malibu University, who studies images of women in the media for a living, and yet is made insecure by the constant parade of female perfection that is our airbrushed culture. She has been going through IVF treatments to get pregnant by her network executive husband (Diedrich Bader), but discovers on her birthday, that her husband has knocked up his younger, skinnier, co-worker (Haylie Duff) and wants a divorce. Happy Birthday! She goes on to find a more authentic version of who she really is, despite the delights of being suddenly single in Los Angeles, where low self-esteem for women is our number one export to the world. Mordy, a high school senior and science prodigy with no athletic ability whatsoever, puts his bright academic future at risk to follow his dream: to play college basketball. He sets forth on a mission to catch the eye of athletic recruiters by becoming a national celebrity. Set in present day Burbank, California and the surrounding San Fernando Valley area, . BENNY BIG-TIME (The BBT) learns his brother has been arrested on suspicion of a few recent bank robberies. With every bit of the life savings he's socked away over the years, The BBT hatches a plan to help out this older brother escape the repercussions of his fate by complicating his own with the assistance of five close friends -- ERIK, DEREK, JAMIE, K.C. and KYLE. The gang have only four days to create a 'red herring' that will throw off the officials and clear The BBT's brother's name by actually robbing a small bank. If all goes to plan, this is enough 'reasonable doubt' in the brother's case to clear his name. The BBT figures to exactly recreate his brother's crime and arm himself with only a few folders of photographs which contain the bank tellers' friends, families, pets, places of residence and ... Written by Doug Maguire Forty-one years after lovers Marcel and Marijke parted, a letter of request arrives from the Municipality Search Service looking for Marcel, who has now transitioned into a woman called Marcella. A celebrity petroleum engineer discovers a rundown property in Park City. Danny is obsessed with a fictional movie character action hero Jack Slater. When a magical ticket transports him into Jack's latest adventure, Danny finds himself in a world where movie magic and reality collide. Now it's up to Danny to save the life of his hero and new friend. Will runs a successful pawn shop business like a well-oiled machine. In fact, he's been in control of his whole life since he could walk except for his love life. Vanessa's gorgeous, spiteful and treats men like objects, your typical woman acting like a male syndrome. So when she hooks up with Will, he's just another financial pawn to satisfy her needs. But when he catches her cheating on him she has to quickly convince him he's the love of her life. Will, being the good guy that he is believes her at first but then quickly gets a call from a friend saying she may be up to it again! He then sets out to catch her in the act leaving his fellow misfits to run the pawn shop. Your new favorite movie is the one you're about to make. Set in contemporary Hong Kong, several young people are searching for romance and struggling to learn the difference between lust and love in an adventure that takes them to the mainland where pleasure is much more readily available. A man asks his wife for a 'leave of absence' in order to care for his mistress who is dying of cancer. Unable to maintain a single healthy relationship, twenty-five year old Brooke Miller sets out to find why she cannot stop cheating on her boyfriends. Two friends hit the road to Buenos Aires aboard an orange Opala 72, with a mission: be with as many women as possible. This is all a plan to wash the honor of "Caco", a man who found his girlfriend in bed with an Argentine. The Moomins along with Little My and Snorkmaiden had a sea journey that after storms and desert island dangers leads the family to Riviera, the place that takes their unity to the test. A group of Berkeley students make it rich in the stock market and become the youngest landlords in the city of Berkeley. Dave Lizewski is an unnoticed high school student and comic book fan who one day decides to become a super-hero, even though he has no powers, training or meaningful reason to do so. The "Himawari So" ("Sunflower House") is a group home for mentally underdeveloped adults. Manga artist Itpon Aijo (Naoto Takenaka) begins to work at the "Himawari So". He moves into the home with his daughter Mako (Shihori Kanjiya), who is mentally underdeveloped. Uyan (Takayuki Takuma) is a resident at the group home. Uyan and Mako begin to develop feelings for each, but Itpon becomes worried about them. Popular pastry chef (Chi-lam) meets a nurse (Annie) and falls in love with her. Soon he realizes that she is an overly sensitive girlfriend who is also suspicious, jealous, controlling and slightly violent. She checks up on him 24-7 and screens his computer, phone, blogs and Facebook contents and messages. Desperate to get rid of his crazy love, he decides to start an investigation into her past to find out the secret behind her crazy behavior... A man and a woman come from two very different cultural backgrounds, and decide that they won't get married until they convince their parents. As feared, differences between the families pose a hurdle. Peter Parker and his friends go on a summer trip to Europe. However, they will hardly be able to rest - Peter will have to agree to help Nick Fury uncover the mystery of creatures that cause natural disasters and destruction throughout the continent. When Hollywood "Big Wig" DJ Miller heads out on a luxury vacation, his plans "accidentally" go terribly awry. He ends up on the other end of the earth and out of his element, but he learns that there are no accidents. Along the way, DJ meets a cast of characters that touch his heart, make him laugh and cause him to rethink everything that he has ever known and thought was true. His journey takes him through the highs and lows of a life that he never knew existed, and he will ultimately be put to the test when tragedy strikes. no overview yet. All grown up in post-apocalyptic 2018, John Connor must lead the resistance of humans against the increasingly dominating militaristic robots. But when Marcus Wright appears, his existence confuses the mission as Connor tries to determine whether Wright has come from the future or the past -- and whether he's friend or foe. The Pizza Boy is a dark comedy written, directed and produced by Brad Jacobowitz. Brad(Brad Jacobowitz) has come to a violent crossroads where he will have to choose whether to make life changes for the better or go down a path of destruction. The Pizza Boy is a portrait of the disgruntled working class man in modern times. Sasha tries to get her soon-to-be ex husband Kyle laid so she can move on with her sex life guilt-free. After the death of her daughter, Julia Lofting, a wealthy housewife, moves to London to re-start her life. All seems well until she is haunted by the sadness of losing her own child and the ghosts of other children. A boy mistakenly reveals falseness about his family to the in laws. For that he had to take some people to act as his relatives. A documentary about the tragic life of the forgotten German comedian Heino Jager. In a small town suffering from the news of its first ever serial slasher, local high school athletic director Lance Dawson decides to get his down on his luck buddy, Paul Blake, a job coaching girls basketball. But when the fact that Paul has never coached, let alone played, basketball could cost both of them their jobs, they seek out Daniel Buckworth, the town's local psychic, for help. Buckworth's plan to summon spirits to help the girls win games fails when instead of just communicating with them, they accidentally awaken them in the form of zombies. Main Street has seen its better days as it gets ready for a three way battle royal between the slasher, zombies, and a group of friends who may be this small town's only hope for survival. Tara and Angie take some "goofy pills" to escape the boredom of their small town life. Brian is stuck babysitting them until they come down from their righteous high. Kat receives a weekend at a couples retreat as a gift from her mother, even though she and her boyfriend had broken up six month prior. Kat's friend Samantha proposes that they pretend to be a couple and go there anyway.  Best friends Mark and Gary write, cast, and rehearse a musical about marriage equality that's set to open a major theatre festival in six short weeks. When Kyle returns from his stag-do with a sexually transmitted disease, he's left unable to have sex with his fiancee Lydia in the run-up to their wedding. After a weekend of cohabitation and surreal adventures, Alek and Uncle Kapriel realize although they use very different tools, cinematography and actors against poetry and cognac, their ultimate goal is the same: to immortalize a story.  Married or dating? Then you'll love this smart, snarky, hilarious but heartbreaking film about relationships, sex &amp; love. Four couples gather for an L.A. dinner party and decide to play kissing game "Seven Minutes in Heaven." Be careful what you lust for! Gaspard Dassonville may be 63 but he stubbornly refuses to show his age. A well-known television producer, he amuses himself with women who are half his age, and life has never felt so good. Then, one day, his age catches up with him with a vengeance, when he is forced to take care of his elderly father Hubert. An indomitable oldster, Hubert soon manages to unsettle his son's illusory youth, but things take an unexpected turn when a care assistant with a colorful imagination comes between them... Famed writer Del Shores pulls no punches in his latest live standup act, which features his hilarious and uncensored confessions about everything from raunchy love affairs to backstabbing during his career in entertainment. Todd and Bruce, a hapless screenwriting team, get one last shot at success thanks to Todd's wealthy uncle, Sarge. If they pen a worthy horror script, Sarge will fund the entire project. But there is one condition - the script must be complete in two weeks. With the deadline looming and no fresh ideas, Todd and Bruce head to Shangri-La, a serene artist's retreat, with the hope that the peace and company of fellow artists will inspire greatness... or, failing greatness, at least enough for straight-to-DVD. Shangri-La proves to be anything but serene, as the artists die off one by one, seemingly by accident. Bruce convinces Todd to soak in this morbid atmosphere to help with the writing, but soon those two are fighting for their lives as well. When a failed baseball player's ex-girlfriend moves back to the neighborhood with her seven-year-old daughter, he realizes he carries more regrets than how he handled his baseball career. Rosemarie is a hard-working young woman living in a small English town in the 1950's. She left Austria with her father during the war to escape the Nazi oppression and since then, despite poverty and loneliness, she has always kept the faith that better days would arise. When she meets Anton, one of her father's friends, she immediately falls in love and starts believing in a fortunate destiny with him. Against all impediments, their secret love affair may help Rosemarie to find out where she really belongs. Gilby finds himself in a tangled web of lies when the truth proves to be too much to admit and even harder to accept. Broken Leg is a movie about Karla, a perennial college student who's afraid to face the real world. She needs her older sister, Kate, to co-sign on yet another student loan. As a test, Kate asks Karla to look after her husband, Theo, who recently broke his leg. Karla thinks this will be an easy way to prove she's responsible but little does she know that Kate and Theo are expecting a baby and that Theo views this weekend as his last chance to party. Over the weekend Karla and Theo will learn a lot about responsibility. Everyday Is Like Sunday is a comedy/drama aiming the lens at post-collegiate characters stuck between their imminently-ending youth and impending adulthood. The film follows Mark, Jason, and Flora, as they realistically attempt to pull themselves out of economic and emotional doldrums. A spirited cancer survivor goes on a spontaneous search for 'The Berlin Patient' - the first man in the world actually cured of HIV. The Culebra and Cabesa, a pair of criminals, decide to take a bank at gunpoint, dressed as penitents. The plan is simple: Get in, get the money, take off all the loot quickly and catch the first flight to Brazil. But things get complicated when a man on his fifties, victim of the economic crisis goes into the bank loaded with explosives, threatening suicide. What would be the easiest shot in history, becomes a nightmare carnival A recently released convict finds himself trapped between his urban criminal past and his new life on probation as the only black man in a conservative white Wisconsin farming town. Valentin is Acapulco's resident playboy, until a former fling leaves a baby on his doorstep and him heading with her out of Mexico. An insurance salesman, Albert Tuttle, is hired as a body guard for a millionaire. Finding love is never easy. For Ravi Patel, a first generation Indian-American, the odds are slim. His ideal bride is beautiful, smart, funny, family-oriented, kind and--in keeping with tradition--Indian (though hopefully raised in the US). Oh, and her last name should be Patel because in India, Patels usually marry other Patels. And so at 30, Ravi decides to break up with his American girlfriend (the one who by all accounts is perfect for him except for her red hair and American name) and embark on a worldwide search for another Patel longing to be loved. He enlists the help of his matchmaker mother, attends a convention of Patels living in the US and travels to wedding season in India. Witty, honest and heartfelt, this comedy explores the questions with which we all struggle: What is love? What is happiness? And how in the world do we go about finding them? Metropolis Pt. 1: The Miracle and the Sleeper, A Fortune in Lies, Under a Glass Moon, Surrounded, The Ytse Jam (with drum solo), To Live Forever, Take the Time, Eve, Pull Me Under, Another Day, Another Hand / The Killing Hand, A Change of Seasons (original version),  Wait for Sleep, Learning to Live A 34 year old single woman, Nancy, hung-over again, exhausted by the endless fruitless set ups by her friends, traveling across London to toast another 10 years of her parent's successful happy magical marriage runs in with a 40 year old divorcee, Jack, who mistakes her for his 24 year old blind date. Nancy, deciding to go with it, happens to hop on the most chaotic yet hilarious journey of her life which neither of them will ever forget. The 1992 Danish football team competes for the European Championship. "Cavemen" is a comedic film with a slight edge of drama revolving around the lives of somewhat single, somewhat unemployed guys living in a warehouse converted to living quarters in the 'Arts District' of Downtown Los Angeles, California they are toiling adulthood and realities of love. After their fathers death, two brothers dispute the inheritance: the local movie theater known as Linterna Mujica. Their dispute may or not bring the town to its apocalypse, but it will for sure turn it upside-down. 'Imagine if the Sex Pistols made boots instead of music', says director Kowalski of a group of Cracow punks who make leather shoes for a living. They run their business as if they were a band of rock stars, living by their own rules, making the product by hand, heads bobbing in unison to their favourite bands. Kowalski's roots in American underground cinema make him the perfect interpreter of the punk aesthetic. On September 11, 2001, terrorists attacking the World Trade Center rise from the dead as zombies. A cheerful parking attendant considers it his job to do more than validate parking. He wants to validate the customers themselves, delivering compliments about their appearances and the inner qualities behind them. Everyone who comes up to him with a ticket walks away validated as a worthwhile human being. Soon, the parking attendant becomes so popular that people line up for validation... Nathalie (Jeanne Heckmann-Adam) is 26 years of age and is the first of her family born inside the country. Having few friends and no boyfriend, her life is somewhat monotonous. It is far from making her happy but it also keeps trouble away.  One day, as a gift, her grand-father gives her the trendiest bicycle of the year! Unfortunately, a group of bike thieves who are also members of the mafia, steal the bicycle away! This situation becomes tragic when her grand-father dies trying to protect the bike.  A couple of days later, Nathalie decides to take revenge.  Without any magic tricks or special powers and with only a knife at hand, she will become a brutal anti-hero angry and without mercy  She will become NATH FURIOUS. An elderly angel goes on his journey through his retirement home and beyond as he lives out his final moments. As he is pushed down the drab corridor he nods goodbye to his fellow residents and disappears through a door for his definitive performance. A young female coal miner struggles to realize her dream of becoming a circus acrobat in this winning, life-affirming fable that is the first Western-financed fiction feature ever made in North Korea. (TIFF) All Alza Bennett wants is to get home to her estranged family for the Easter holiday, but an auto mishap leaves the high strung executive more than 700 miles short of her destination and standing on the doorstep of a grizzled, reclusive farmer named Lincoln, who's goal in life is to be left alone. After a deal is struck the mismatched pair sets out on a three day odyssey of misadventure along the highways and byways of America where they encounter rat infested hotels, convenience store hold ups, rural rabbit stalkers and a starstruck couple from a local trailer park. Best of all, they are forced to encounter each other as the two worlds of the princess and hermit collide at each and every turn. A humorous retelling of The Story of The Prodigal Son, told through the eyes of a young woman looking to make amends while she searches for the road back home. The teenagers of Disney's most infamous villains return to the Isle of the Lost to recruit a new batch of villainous offspring to join them at Auradon Prep. Alice's boyfriend Frank is a Scotland Yard detective who seems more interested in police work than in her. When she agrees to go out with another man, he attacks her and she defends herself and kills him. When the body is discovered, Frank is assigned to the case. He quickly discovers that Alice is the killer, but so has someone else, and they are threatening blackmail. Moving from England to California, the youngest cousins of Elle Woods must defend themselves when their schools reigning forces turn on the girls and try to frame them for a crime. Eddie, a fourteen-year-old juvenile delinquent of sorts, collides with a car during a petty theft and dies in the hospital. Due to some confusion in heaven, however, he is given three days to clean up his life with the help of a beginner angel - and save his mom. Four ladyboys who has different characters for each other. However, all of them are riotus enough to think about robbing a bank to finishing their wild dream.  However, the plan they expected did not go as what they think of. While they are almost robbing the bank, there is another group of young people robbing the same bank at the same time! Desipte their failure in robbing a bank, they were mis-recognised as the robbers ...... After blowing his chance to play college football by bombing the S.A.T.s, Anferny Fertado joins an underground football league at the drug store of his summer job. He joins the team to win the heart of Jada Thomas, which is the beginning of an interracial relationship, but multiple obstacles such as a rival player Donte Styles, his boss Mr. Deaton, Jada's father, Pops, and the societal pressures of middle class Cincinnati, Ohio, stand in his way. An art instructor and an English teacher form a rivalry that ends up with a competition at their school in which students decide whether words or pictures are more important. An outrageous comedy for all ages, much beloved health guru Jack Strong is abducted from earth along with some of his students and transported to FAT PLANET, where food is worshiped and everything is getting bigger, and unhealthier, by the pound. Jack's mission is to teach the entire planet the benefits of eating healthy and getting in shape, while trying to make it back home to earth. Dr. Berger happily lands a job at the prestigious Beverly Hills medical centre in Los Angeles and is eager to impress his new boss. After attending a Gala arranged by his superiors, he "mistakenly" volunteers to go work in Africa for a month at an under-resourced hospital. Leaving his fiance behind, this American Doctor heads out to Tanzania to follow through with his promise. A veteran homicide detective who has witnessed his socialite girlfriend kill her husband sees his inexperienced brother assigned to the case. Action / Comedy - Five retired ex-military men attempt the unthinkable and dust off their old uniforms for one last explosive mission. The team quickly discovers that they are up against an enemy from their past. This time, The Dependables mission is personal. With guns blazing, the group puts their lives on the line to defeat their arch nemesis and save their grandchildren. Fed up with being censored in their post-Trailer Park Boys lives, the out of work stars/world-renowned 'swearists', Mike Smith, Robb Wells and John Paul Tremblay decide to start their own uncensored network on the internet. Chad Turner has been implanted with a the only working biometric computer chip (aka The Mark of the Beast) in the world. The chip has the power to change the world with whoever controls it and Joseph Pike is determined acquire the chip even in the face of the most unforeseen event "The Rapture". Pike has taken hostage Mr.Cooper the head of security of Avanti the chip maker in order to help locate Turner and deliver the chip to his boss. Amongst the chaos Chad Turner must beat all odds to stay alive and keep the chip from falling into the wrong hands High school seniors Logan and Blake prepare for an epic Spring Break as they travel to the beautiful and exotic Mexican beach resort of Puerto Vallarta hoping to hook up with their high school crushes. Surrounded by hot girls in teeny bikinis, the guys are truly in heaven. After meeting at a club, Logan falls for a mysterious local beauty named Gaby but then realizes the next morning, when his grandfather's Rolex watch is missing, that she was after more than just his heart. It's about the lonely garbage detective Hansjorg Stahli, who's looking for a garbage criminal and true love. After being released from prison, a man known as The Rambler stumbles upon a strange mystery as he attempts a dangerous journey through treacherous back roads and small towns en route to reconnecting with his long lost brother. This film, photographed in London, is an exploration into the depths of unconscious reactions. Two goofy extras enroll to a weird audition for a big 3D production In the Susukino red light district of Sapporo, a private detective (Yo Oizumi) drinks alcohol with his driver Takada (Ryuhei Matsuda) in his favourite bar. There he receives a phone call from a woman who identifies herself as Kyoko Kondo. The woman asks the detective to complete a simple task. The detective, having an excellent sense for danger, thinks the work is easy and accepts the case. The next day he begins the investigation. For Burgess "Buzz" Zwink (Bradford Jackson), wasting life is a way of life. At thirty-two years old, and still living with his parents, Buzz's adult life seems to be nothing more than a continuous haze of debauchery. That is until his carefree recklessness lands his lifelong friend in the hospital after another of his drunken mishaps. Faced with the reality of his choices as he reluctantly forces himself into sobriety, Buzz begins to realize just how much pain he has caused to those around him. With the help of a young Inupiaq boy (D'Artagnon Moonin), and an elderly, life-long alcoholic (Thomas G. Jacobs), Buzz must face his past, present, and possible future in order to take his life back from the bottle, and above all else, seek forgiveness not only from those he has wronged, but from himself. Sadie, a young female novelist, and an enigmatic woman named Francesca, are enticed by an ex-lover to join him at his Italian villa for a weekend celebration being held to honor the release of Sadie's latest book. Once there, Sadie begins to fear his true intentions as she and Francesca become embroiled in a dangerous game of moral and sexual discovery. Nicky, an accomplished con artist, gets romantically involved with his disciple Jess but later ends their relationship. Years later, she returns as a femme fatale to spoil his plans. Jane Marple solves the mystery when a local woman is poisoned and a visiting movie star seems to have been the intended victim. The First Winter is the story of Portuguese man's first winter in Winnipeg. A halfway-romantic comedy about brain damage and life after college. Four Italian men are suddenly involved in awkward situations, while they are spending the Christmas holiday, stuck in Amsterdam. ... Massimo Boldi, Christian De Sica, Enzo Salvi. ... Stars: Massimo Boldi, Christian De Sica, Enzo Salvi. The film is set in a world, the Popular Democratic Republic of Bubunne, in which women hold the power and men are forced to wear veils and stay at home. Seeking funds for her orphanage in India, Isabelle travels to New York to meet Theresa, a wealthy benefactor. An invitation to attend a wedding ignites a series of events in which the past collides with the present while mysteries unravel. Andres (Jean Pierre Agostini) it's a fan of Los Leones del Caracas one of the principal baseball teams of Venezuela. Julissa (Juliette Pardau) it's a fan of Los Navegantes del Magallanes, the rival team. One day Andres gets tickets to see the game in Magallanes VIP Zone. He meets Julissa and her dad who is not only fan but one of the team's managers. Andres and Julissa will fall in love and will have to pretend to be fan of the other's team. But soon trouble will arise. Marko, Adi, Aco and Dejan hag out in front of block of flats in Fuzine. Marko is pissed because he quit playing basketball and because the sexy TV presenter doesn't notice him and because his father Radovan is going to beat him up for quitting basketball. Adi is irritated by the fact that his brother Sanel id a drug addict and because his father Mirsad prefers to shang waitresses somewhere in Austira rather than to deal whit this. Makarovicka chefur girl gives a hard time to Aco and Aco would like to tak a revenge on Damjanovic - bus driver. Dejan is anxious because his mother Sonja wants to move to Slovenske Konjice. Policemen stop the boys one night and their world starts to disintegrate. Best Friends Forever (BFF) is the 16th year anniversary presentation of Star Cinema starring the Megastar Sharon Cuneta and the Comedy Queen Ai Ai delas Alas. Sharon and Ai Ai will be playing as best friends in this comedy film helmed by box-office director Wenn Deramas of Tanging Ina and Ang Tanging Ina N'yong Lahat. 7 girls and 1 fab gay guy plan a getaway to a remote ranch for a week of gossip and grub. They start off where they always do, old rivalries in place, extreme vanity covering great insecurities, but with a true love for each other underneath the bickering, sniping and sassing. A number of drinks into night one and a dark secret is revealed. The house they rented is the site of a mass murder of teenage girls 15 years earlier. Blood still stains the floors under replacement carpets. The killer still runs free. The girls take it for what it seems - a fun story for a rainy night by a roaring fire. But after one of them disappears and is discovered dead, the story doesn't seem so fun anymore. 1 by 1, they die, killed by their own vanity. The fun-filled week turns into a race against death. Who will make it out alive? Suffering from the worst of interpersonal gipijeung the timid woman 'Shallow Water' (gohyeonjeong)  50 billion dollar crime errand at a time of winning Sister torrefy bent!  Aka 'write' referred to as the love of her life, because somehow met five men behind it turns .... Graced with a velvet voice, 21-year-old Violet Sanford heads to New York to pursue her dream of becoming a songwriter only to find her aspirations sidelined by the accolades and notoriety she receives at her "day" job as a barmaid at Coyote Ugly. The "Coyotes" as they are affectionately called tantalize customers and the media alike with their outrageous antics, making Coyote Ugly the watering hole for guys on the prowl. Two young people are confused by their feelings for each other. In a surreal little town called Gemona, lives Mauri, a man with a strange personality, afflicted by a rare kind of syndrome, that force him to stay always at home and spy his neighbours. Pieri, his doctor and lover, after the last removal, because of Mauri's continues attentions for the previous neighbor, went to Auckand for a convention of a clinic study case of a Mauri's syndrome. Left alone, Mauri, start to think about his neighbors, and his thoughts bring the man to terrible, sharp and strange deductions... Brought together by their shared love of music, ten years on Liam and Natalie are at breaking point. In their case opposites attract but don't necessarily work long-term. Making the difficult decision to separate, they must split their prized music library. But the soundtrack that defined their relationship keeps pulling them back together. Mamma Stella is on edge. As if she hadn't got enough trouble already with her daughter Rosa Maria, who has left her husband now Costantino, her son, has disrobed. Afraid to be the talk of the village, relegates him to a distant lighthouse belonging to the family. But Costantino does not remain far from the madding crowd for long. It does not take long indeed before all the local (or even distant) outcasts flock together there: Magnolia, a retired escort girl; Arturo, Rosa Maria's estranged husband; Valbona, a lesbian; Rosa Maria herself; and, to crown it all, two eccentric workers accompanied by a little girl... After a period of chaos, this small world gradually discovers that unity makes strength. The Dealers tells the story of Rami and Avishay, 27 years old friends that share an apartment in a small Jerusalem neighborhood. They spend their days smoking and playing in a soccer team with other losers, which its coach Zvika is determined to take the "Jerusalem neighborhood cup" with. In need for money they get entangled in a drug deal with Sagi, a local gangster, which forces them to learn the hard way about taking responsibility, loyalty, and friendship. The movie is a humorous view of the colorful, multi culture, unique and somehow funny Israeli society. A group of rag tag superhero birthday party impersonators are hired by a crime-ridden town to help clean up their streets. The impersonators soon find themselves in over their heads in a hilarious fight for survival. Plot unknown. Jack is a solitary man with a mysterious past. His strange habits will soon become stranger when his past catches up with him. Charlie, an artist seeking a connection between her work and her deceased father's music, teams up with Louie, an obsessive record collector. Together they scour the South in search of the elusive 45 that hails from the heyday of '60s garage rock. An ordinary suburban couple finds it's not easy keeping up with the Joneses - their impossibly gorgeous and ultra-sophisticated new neighbors - especially when they discover that Mr. and Mrs. "Jones" are covert operatives. An affable underachiever finds out he's fathered 533 children through anonymous donations to a fertility clinic 20 years ago. Now he must decide whether or not to come forward when 142 of them file a lawsuit to reveal his identity. A fly-on-the-wall film crew follow cult Comedy Rock Band 'Dead Cat Bounce' on a desperate quest across Europe to reunite lead singer Jim with his long lost father, who he believes is the legendary rock singer and Whitesnake frontman David Coverdale. The true story of a young woman whose lust for life means she is determined to be so very much more than just another cancer patient. Punjabi comedy. A romantic comedy about a love story between Jordanian Monaliza, and Egyptian Hamdi, set in present day Amman among a community of nosy stereotypes and quirky characters. Javier is a successful writer of novels that, since his wife left him, lives plunged into a creative crisis. Concerned about this situation, his literary agent has a great idea: to embark him on a transatlantic ship bound for Europe. There, the novelist should find thousands of stories. However, the moment you leave port, something unexpected happens that will change your plans completely.  After teenage ambulance driver Ernest Hemingway (Chris O'Donnell) takes shrapnel in the leg during World War I, he falls in love with Agnes von Kurowsky (Sandra Bullock), a beautiful older nurse at the hospital where he's sent to recover. Their affair slowly blossoms, until Hemingway boldly asks Agnes to be his wife and journey to America with him. Richard Attenborough directs this drama based on the real-life experiences of the famed novelist. Cal Weaver is living the American dream. He has a good job, a beautiful house, great children and a beautiful wife, named Emily. Cal's seemingly perfect life unravels, however, when he learns that Emily has been unfaithful and wants a divorce. Over 40 and suddenly single, Cal is adrift in the fickle world of dating. Enter, Jacob Palmer, a self-styled player who takes Cal under his wing and teaches him how to be a hit with the ladies. Lotus Cat Food is under new management and this time they have improved the recipe even more. Kevin is a young footballer who recently made a multimillion deal by transferring to FC Barcelona. He hardly realizes what is happening to him. Too young, too rich, too beautiful. His girlfriend Elza knows how Kevin should spend his millions. She is eagerly anticipating her birthday where Kevin will ask her the most important question of all. Kevin's grandmother Karla observes it all from the sidelines with concern. Fortunately there is the down-to-earth event planner Lizzy who shows Kevin the meaning of true love. Sabri, a barber in Yozgat - a very small city in the middle of Anatolia - has an emotional breakdown when he runs into Yavuz and Nese, who come to the town to sing in a small music hall-bar. This will also affect Nese and Yavuz. None of their desires will be how they want them to be. Wile E. Coyote suspends his chase with the Road Runner to explain to two young boys watching him on TV why he wants to catch the speedy bird. A shy but ambitious film student falls into an intense, emotionally fraught relationship with a charismatic but untrustworthy older man. Three urban working poor young men who impersonate crew of a Guidance Patrol to earn money How lucky are you -or are you not? That's the question Red Numbers asks. The story revolves around a guy who, according to a Fengshui master, only has three lucky minutes in his miserable life. His fortune is wrapped up with a greedy family whose grandfather - dead or alive, nobody knows for sure, holds the key to the winning combination in the 4D lottery. Three minutes, four numbers, a lot of money - or maybe not. Recently fired and facing eviction, a new dad has his life turned upside down when he meets a wealthy couple who offer a path to financial security... but at a price. A cabaret dancer witnesses a murder and is forced to hide from gangsters by disguising herself as a male Princeton student. Beneath Bruce Garrett's under-confident, overweight exterior, the passionate heart of a salsa king lies dormant. Now, one woman is about to reignite his Latin fire. In a postapocalyptic future, jaded cop Max Rockatansky (Mel Gibson) is ready to retire. But his world is shattered when a malicious gang murders his family as an act of retaliation, forcing a devastated Max to hit the open road seeking vengeance. As he travels the Australian outback's empty stretches of highway, he tours the bloodstained battlegrounds ruled by marauding bikers who feed on violence. Hitoshi Nagano (Kazuya Kamenashi), who works at an electronics store, picks up a cellphone left behind by a customer and goes about a scam. He calls the person's mother and pretends to be her son. He then gets the mother to transfer money to his bank account. Soon, Hitoshi gets a lot more than he bargained for. (Source: Asianwiki) Eva is a divorced soon-to-be empty-nester wondering about her next act. Then she meets Marianne, the embodiment of her perfect self. Armed with a restored outlook on being middle-aged and single, Eva decides to take a chance on her new love interest Albert -- a sweet, funny and like-minded man. But things get complicated when Eva discovers that Albert is in fact the dreaded ex-husband of Marianne... Fledgling screenwriters retreat to a quiet country manor to work on their script, but a constellation of needy characters produces constant interruptions. A sassy, no nonsense madam runs a "coloreds only" brothel in Dallas,Tx in the late 1950's. While she and her house of tricks service their regular customers, they run into some very peculiar first time customers and their colorful expectations. She is forced to make a tough decision once she is presented with an unexpected request, that ultimately alters her lifestyle. Sundarapandiyan , who has finished college and goofs around in his village with friend Murugesan , decides to pitch in when Arivazhagan seeks his help in wooing Archana . But she rejects Arivazhagan and also another suitor Bhuvaneshwaran. Complications arise when she says she has been in love with Sundarapandiyan for a long time. When their beloved Polish immigrant mother passes away, the sisters Emma (Kiberlain) and Rosemonde (Devos), and their brother, Charles (Berry), are obliged to deal with the personal and physical aftereffects, which include the cozy, old fashioned flat where she lived on the movie's titular street (located in the heart of Paris' chic 2nd arrondissement). Srinivas is a gullible lover who gets used by girlfriends for his money. Shreya is fed up with guys who wants to take their friendship to next level in order to have a physical relationship. They happen to meet each other when they decided to not to fall in love. Their relationship starts with hatred and lies. The rest of the story is all about how Srinivas and Shreya unite after many twists and turns Nick and Meg Burrows return to Paris, the city where they honeymooned, to celebrate their 30th wedding anniversary and rediscover some romance in their long-lived marriage. The film follows the couple as long-established tensions in their marriage break out in humorous and often painful ways. A small circle of friends suffering from post-collegiate blues must confront the hard truth about life, love and the pursuit of gainful employment. As they struggle to map out survival guides for the future, the Gen-X quartet soon begins to realize that reality isn't all it's cracked up to be. Chris, a career-obsessed orphan whose attempts to forge a dependable and tranquil future for himself spin out of control after news reports of a deadly hurricane trigger a flood of mysterious dreams from his childhood. Chris loses everything and is plunged into a world of con-men, hustlers and dreamers, where he is forced to confront his own mixed up notions of life, love, and career. This is the story of an Israeli man, Jack, whose wife has been killed in a suicide bombing, leaving him in charge of two young daughters. Jack, on the verge of suicide, decides they need a fresh start and moves the family to New York. He quickly meets, marries, and moves in with Kathy, a mother of four, to try to fill the void. It doesn't. He needs some quixotic pursuit to keep him going. Kathy's stepdaughter Carmen gives him an idea: Sumo Wrestling. With Jack training, the kids start getting into trouble, Carmen tries to seduce Jack, Kathy's at her wits end... the family is falling apart. With his first match approaching, what can Jack do to do save his life and save his family? The Queen is an intimate behind the scenes glimpse at the interaction between HM Elizabeth II and Prime Minister Tony Blair during their struggle, following the death of Diana, to reach a compromise between what was a private tragedy for the Royal family and the public's demand for an overt display of mourning. A man, long haunted by the paranormal, captures on camera the horror and hilarity he and his beautiful girlfriend encounter after moving into a new home. A catastrophic volcanic eruption releases ancient dragon-like creatures on the surrounding areas. Scientists believe this could start a chain reaction of volcanic eruptions giving way to a global Dragon Apocalypse. In an apartment building in Beirut, on the last day of the year, seven characters start their day by visiting their psychologist as part of the weekly ritual. On that couch in their psychologist's office, they face themselves and their loved ones in trying to define what is most important to them. Each of them, from the patients to the residents of the building, has a different story to share, inner secrets and hidden wishes. All keep to themselves, except for the porter Abou Karim, who extends his presence and allows himself to interfere in the lives of others and in their destinies. After the re-emergence of the world's first mutant, world-destroyer Apocalypse, the X-Men must unite to defeat his extinction level plan. story of a bohsia's life, played by Nabila Huda. Tasha (Nabila Huda) is a girl who grew up without a family and education, forcing her to seek refuge in the underworld, amongst the street gangsters. She soon grows tired of her meaningless life, but her road to redemption is one paved with many obstacles. Veera Narasimha Naidu (Prabhu) is a faction leader in Kurnool who raised his sister Saraswati (Seetha) with love and Affection to make her forget the loss of their Mother. During the marriage time, she eloped with Basha (Suman), whom she loved which led the death of Narasimha Naidu's Father. Thus enraged Narasimha Naidu cuts the leg of Basha which created a rift between the two families. On a case to win the property belonging to Saraswati, Basha wins the case on Narasimha Naidu after a long gap of 25 years. Seeing the sorrow of Saraswati, her son Sulaiman (Vishnu Manchu) vows to unite the two families and waits for a situation. Mael Lambung (Zizan Razak) is a well-known car transporter in Kuala Lumpur. His life takes a chaotic turn when he meets Maria (Juliana Evans), who asks for his help in eluding the villains who are after her. Their run to save themselves takes Mael and Maria to Terengganu, which also happens to be Mael's hometown. It is then revealed that Mael is a drifter. Back in his estranged neighbourhood, Mael reunites with Rozie (Shenthy Feliziana), his former love who is now engaged to Tiger (Taiyudin Bakar). Conflict arises when Tiger grows uneasy with Mael's return due to his jealousy of Mael's and Rozie previous relationship. Mael's troubles escalates when the villains who are after Maria because of a microchip that contains sensitive information about a bid for a government's project finally catches up to them in Terengganu... Mansor Akob's comedy stars Zizan Raja Lawak as a man named Afik who becomes mentally unbalanced after the death of his stepsister, Amy. In his traumatized state, he is misunderstood as insane, and is sent to a mental asylum as a result. There, he meets its various inmates and finds out for himself the meaning of being human. While on a seemingly routine job, a jaded hit man discovers that he's not the only one with his target in the crosshairs. A coming of age story about a 16-year-old boy who finds himself searching for escape in the island of Puerto Rico after his mother leaves him and his sister with his grandparents in a surf town. His fascination with a hula hoop model leads him to steal his grandfather's car to meet the object of his affection in person. After a teen steals a VHS tape titled "Slaughter Tales" from a yard sale, he seals his fate by ignoring a ghostly apparition in his bath tub and watching the stolen tape. as the movie progresses, simple nightmares turn reality as evil is released from the tape. A mild mannered birder seeks revenge on a younger rival, after losing the highly coveted Head of Ornithology position at the National Park. On New Year's Eve 1871 Annelie is born - 15 minutes too late, since her parents had calculated her birth to be exactly at midnight. These 15 minutes will again and again become the girl's fate. Two internet anarchists wreak havoc on the world, and each other. Don Fabijan is a young priest who comes to serve on an unnamed small island in the Adriatic. In order to help increase birth rate on the island, he decides to pierce condoms before they are sold. He therefore teams up with the newsagent Petar and the pharmacist Marin. After they abolish all forms of birth control on the entire island, the consequences become more and more complicated. Quentin Jacobsen has spent a lifetime loving the magnificently adventurous Margo Roth Spiegelman from afar. So when she cracks open a window and climbs back into his life-dressed like a ninja and summoning him for an ingenious campaign of revenge-he follows. After their all-nighter ends and a new day breaks, Q arrives at school to discover that Margo, always an enigma, has now become a mystery. But Q soon learns that there are clues-and they're for him. Urged down a disconnected path, the closer he gets, the less Q sees of the girl he thought he knew. Malagasy Mankany is a colorful and entertaining dramedy-adventure set in Madagascar about three sociology students named Jimi, Bob and Dylan. When Jimi's father becomes suddenly ill and nears death in his home village, the three friends embark on a journey of a lifetime from the capital of Madagascar to the deep countryside to bring assistance to Jimi's family. On the road trip, the trio encounters off the wall characters that embody the spirit of the island of Madagascar. Their journey ends with each of them standing at the very edge of their future, which brings them not only face to face with their own fate but the fate of their country. Millennial entrepreneurs, Drew and Max, run a webcast that streams live exorcisms that are, in fact, elaborately staged hoaxes. But they get their comeuppance when today's actress becomes mysteriously possessed by a real demon that holds the crew hostage. To make matters worse-- the possessed victim is Drew's fiancee, Lane. In front of a rapidly-growing global audience, the demon subjects Max to a series of violent and humiliating challenges meant to punish him for his online charade. Meanwhile, in an effort to save the love of his life, Drew discovers that the demon's sinister motive is not only about revenge, but also to expose the dark secrets he, Max, and Lane have been hiding from one another. With only the show clock remaining, it's a matter of time before either the truth is revealed or the demon forces them to meet their maker. Bill struggles to put together his shattered psyche, in this feature film version of Don Hertzfeldt's animated short film trilogy. When ten executives secretly meet to sell off their company, they're murdered one by one in this darkly comedic romp through the halls of corporate America. Keiko, daughter of a famous sushi chef, leaves home to escape his overbearing training in both sushi-making and martial arts. Finding work at a rural inn, she is bullied by the staff and ridiculed by the guests, including the president of Komatsu Pharmaceuticals, who has come to the inn for a vacation with his associates. Little do they know, however, that disgruntled Komatsu researcher Yamada has followed them there with designs on revenge, using a serum he developed that can awaken the murderous instincts of fish on rice, creating...killer sushi! Bloodthirsty tuna and squid soon descend upon the humans, killing many and turning the remainder into zombie-like creatures. Farah hits the road with her buddies to stump for John Kerry in the 2004 presidential election, hoping the trip will be her opportunity to finally shed her unwanted virginity. She soon finds her efforts on both political and sexual fronts continuously thwarted. A dysfunctional gang of criminals takes a middle class Maori family hostage and discovers too late that they are cannibals. A thirty-six year old radio show host embarks on a cross-continent search to find herself, in the process discovering that her sex is "stuck" and waging a valiant effort to release it while simultaneously accomplishing her many unmet goals in life. Carolina (Beatriz Rico is in her mid-thirties, and her life is falling apart fast: not only has annoying blonde Lula (Imma del Moral) been recruited to take over the show that Carolina created, but the besieged hostess is beginning to feel that time is running out for her to chase down the dreams of her forgotten youth. In search of guidance, Carolina turns to openly gay carpentry shop owner Compass Rose (Jorge Luis Gonazales). Compass is Carolina's best friend, and while his advice often veers towards the hysterical side, the two quickly hatch a plan to travel to India in search of a guru.   In this fully animated, all-new take on the Smurfs, a mysterious map sets Smurfette and her friends Brainy, Clumsy and Hefty on an exciting race through the Forbidden Forest leading to the discovery of the biggest secret in Smurf history. A small business owner is about to lose her shop to a major corporate development. Cameron Esposito decided to do something a bit different for her bachelor party: record her first standup special. Filmed in Cameron's hometown Chicago just two days before her wedding, the special covers everything from the secrets of a women's locker room to gun control to marriage equality and proves that, yes, Cameron Esposito is Marriage Material.  After living for years as a struggling artist in New York City, Jake is calling it quits and returning home to Ohio. On his last day in the city, he persuades his three oldest friends - Billy, Rocks and Gunderson - to help him retrace their greatest adventure together: a walk down the entire length of Manhattan. A provincial chemist in the throes of a mid-life crisis must choose between burying his dearly departed grandmother and cremating her in this quirky comedy of manners starring Valerie Lemercier, Denis Podalydes, and Isabelle Candelier. Chloe, Leonie and Penelope, three friends who have not set eyes on each other for many years, are reunited in a notary's office. It appears that Chloe's aunt, with whom they used to spend their summer holidays, has died and bequeathed them her house in the country. The three young women agree to spend the weekend at the house, to clear it out so that they can sell it. As soon as they arrive at the house, old memories come flooding back. It is the beginning of a very long weekend... Ada was settled in her life, she was pleased with it, or thought she was. She was one half of a couple who seemed happy, she'd had a child, was even due to get married, and wham... she met Paul... And this Paul was writer to boot, who lived alone with his grown daughter, had an exceedingly intrusive mother, and had the unfortunate idea of losing his father when this story had hardly got off the ground... Life started to gather speed. It was about time. A short film about two boys getting caught smoking weed in a school lavatory. A recently dumped and unemployed man in his 30s decides to moonlight as the 'son' of his childhood hero, a bygone local celebrity Horror Host named Ghostman. When his videos go viral, he must settle an old score with a high school rival and figure out where his life is headed, all while keeping his identity secret from a new woman in town he's fallen for. A story about love beyond any borders... June Bennett goes to Yorkshire to marry one of the richest men in Britain. Despite being twice her age, she knows what she is doing.  An Indian family is expelled from Uganda when Idi Amin takes power. They move to Mississippi and time passes. The Indian daughter falls in love with a black man, and the respective families have to come to terms with it. The world is going absolutely crazy when the giant meteor is approaching Earth... In Sid's very first film debut, Sid and his classmate Gabriela enter a contest and win the exclusive opportunity to visit a new modern science museum before it opens to the public. Barry Montenegro, a ruthless, cynical, politically incorrect, and quite possibly sociopathic Hollywood actor becomes the prime suspect when a series of brutal murders rocks his latest production. When porn director Pablo reluctantly breaks up with his boyfriend, Juan, he encourages him to stay in touch. Juan moves away to live in a lighthouse and eventually writes his ex, but in the interim Pablo has taken up a psychotic new lover, Antonio. Antonio intercepts their correspondence and flies into a towering rage, terrifying Pablo but inspiring him creatively as he works on a play about his transsexual sister. When Lincoln encounters a radical queer hitchhiker, his inner artist awakens, threatening his job, his recent engagement with Lucas, and the campaign for marriage equality. The movie follows the life of an unpopular comedy duo. The duo, called "Boso Swimmers", have been working together for 12 years, but the duo sees little future in their comedy careers. They then begin to write their thoughts in a diary The valedictorian of a prestigious school begins her post-college life during the recession A magician competes in an international magic competition where he goes head to head with a female street magician he has fallen in love with. This film shows great magic performed by a cast of professional magicians. Like a great musical where the songs and the story are seamlessly intertwined, Desperate Acts of Magic does the same, mixing story and magic as one. 41-year-old Shizuo Daikoku (Shinichi Tsutsumi) suddenly quits his job at a company to become a mangaka. His family and friends become involved in his new pursuit... A farmer lost his wife and is anything but looking for a new romance. But when a popular TV dating show plans to film a new episode on his farm, he is lured into becoming a participant in the show to save his farm.  Kendra, who is at wits end with her fiance, explores the world of dating, with coaxing from her friends, to find that true love comes when least expected.  'The Marathon' is a feature film which contains humour in combination with impressive drama. The garage of four jass playing, smoking and beer drinking mechanics is threatened to be closed. The 'genius' idea to run the marathon of Rotterdam while being sponsored seems to be the only solution. The condition of the sponsor deal; making it to the finish line. However, training is difficult for the hedonists and it changes relationships, and even their future. Are all the efforts worth the fight when their seems to be more to it then just making it to the finish line...? Starring: Olzhas Nusuppaev, Eduard Tabyschev, Olga Landina, Bakhytbek Baymukhanbetov, Kanagat Nurtay, Viktor Soukhorukov The best wine salesman in the Yakima Valley is headed for a breakdown, and only two people can help him. One just broke into his house. The other is having an affair with his girlfriend. An inspirational speaker becomes reinvigorated after meeting a lively woman who shakes up his mundane existence. Shelley is living a carefree life until a rival gets her tossed out of the Playboy Mansion. With nowhere to go, fate delivers her to the sorority girls from Zeta Alpha Zeta. Unless they can sign a new pledge class, the seven socially clueless women will lose their house to the scheming girls of Phi Iota Mu. In order to accomplish their goal, they need Shelley to teach them the ways of makeup and men; at the same time, Shelley needs some of what the Zetas have - a sense of individuality. The combination leads all the girls to learn how to stop pretending and start being themselves. After spending 12 years in prison for keeping his mouth shut, notorious safe-cracker Dom Hemingway is back on the streets of London looking to collect what he's owed. A young girl runs away from her carnival family to make it in New York and becomes involved with a young songwriter. A group of college boys, bored with the every day "gay life" of LA, decide to skip Pride weekend in exchange for a camping trip in the woods. Quickly overcome with boredom in their new surroundings, the boys venture into a game that ultimately unleashes the vengeful spirit of a local legend known as Malice Valeria. Overcome by her deadly plan of tainted love and her thirst to take back what was lost long ago, the boys must now band together before they fall victim to the poisons of a broken heart. During a party somewhere in Paris, an apprentice filmmaker, Boris, and a young executive, Marilyne, play at being a loving couple when they've only just met. They end up really falling in love. Five years later, Marilyne, accompanied by Boris and their two kids, goes to Ibiza on a business trip. Just as Boris, tired of being a househusband, is about to leave her, Marilyne takes off on a lover's spree. Five years later,; Marilyne reappears in the depths of the Pyrenees as the leader of a group of American women on a "personal growth" tour. She learns that the man who is to introduce them to the mysteries of coqs de Bruyere mating rituals is none other than Boris. In the same way that, five years earlier, they played at being intimate when they'd only just met, Marilyne and Boris will now play at being strangers when they know each other, For the very best. 2013 Italian comedy Twice Vincent thinks he has found the woman of his life. Twice his ideal woman left him for the same man: Denis. Now Vincent is pursuing a happy love affair with Anna, but he fears that history is about to repeat itself. He tries to understand his adversary. Just what is it about him that makes him so irresistible to the opposite sex - his taste in gaudy shirts or the fact that he teaches wrestling as if it were a philosophy? When Ricky Miller, a single, quiet 40-year old aspiring writer and manager of Debbie's (think Denny's) and probably the last person you'd notice in a crowd is 'hit by lightning' and meets the love of his life, the beautiful Danita on E-Happily.com, he is catapulted into a relationship online but it's a lot more than what he bargained for - this includes being asked to kill! Hounded by his best friend Seth who thinks no "10" would even go out with a guy like Ricky unless she had ulterior motives (or needed glasses), Ricky starts to get skeptical himself. Turns out, Danita confesses she's actually married to a handsome affable crime novelist and former Rabbi, Ben Jacobs. Is Danita telling Ricky the truth when she says wants to leave her husband but fears for her life if she does? Will Ricky go through with the plan to kill him so he and Danita can live happily ever after?  Martina and Lupita are two housemaids who steal shoes and clothes from their boss Marcela, trying to impress Lupita's boyfriend. When Marcela founds out about the robbery, she and her friend Marifer go looking for them to retrieve her stuff and bring them to justice. "What did you tell God?" is a comedy that uses Juan Gabriel's songs. 10 Things I Hate About Life follows two desperate souls saddened by childhood trauma who meet while each is attempting to commit suicide. In 1985 a summer vacation in Ocean City, Md., changes the life of a shy white teen who's obsessed with table tennis and hip-hop music. In this Hunger Games spoof, Kantmiss Evershot must fight for her life in the 75th annual Starving Games, where she could also win an old ham, a coupon for a foot-long sub, and a partially eaten pickle. Two sisters travel to a cheesy tourist trap where they battle toxic monsters dressed in bigfoot costumes in order to save the ones they love. A teenage girl named Mary has turned away from her faith in God and rebels against her Christian family. She doesn't really see the point of being a Christian, and she doesn't see the error of her ways. However, when she and her friends go to a party one night, she learns a truly valuable life lesson. Jasmin ( Meryl Valerie ) is crowned the new Miss Zurich because the real winner is decapitated in an unexpected way. To mourn the dead Miss does not remain much time, because shortly afterwards the remaining beauties have in a Missen-Camp, which takes place on an island in Tanga Atoll. What begins in paradise ends in hell - a masked killer brings a Miss at a time. Quick is clear: The murderer is among them. While superior to the one Miss contestants how to outwit and kill the murderer, the other run for their lives. The jungle turns into a battlefield.  Now the girls must remain calm. However, this is easier said than done. Candidates freak out and can not really look different from the face of death. Jasmin, who appears among the candidates to be the only normal to be in love, meanwhile the photographer Serge ( Patrick Rapold ). Together they try to escape the killer. Can they escape the fearsome killer, or they face an ugly death? Superstar Alexander Marcus is on top of the world, worshipped by his fans. Wherever he and his companion Globi show up, there's excitement. Nobody knows that Alexander has become addicted to the dangerous drug egoin, thanks to his evil new manager. After a high dosis and bad trip, his career is destroyed, Globi vanished, and Alexander hospitalized in a psychiatric hospital... Documenting the creative brilliance and passion of three stand-up comedians working the comedy club circuit in the "flyover zones" of middle America, Road Comics: Big Work on Small Stages explores expectations of where and how comedy thrives today in the United States. Anthropologist and first-time filmmaker Susan Seizer  follows comedians Stewart Huff, Tim Northern, and Kristin Key as they earn their living on the road, pausing along the way to discuss the business of being funny with regional club owners. Two policewomen from Internal Affairs arrive in a provincial precinct to investigate the death of an Algerian woman who was an informer. One punches, the other eyes, tip top. Two guys desperate for cash open their own muscle-for-hire business. This inadvertently opens a gateway into the heart of the city's seedy underworld. Under constant attack from hitmen, zombies, religious extremists, and serial killers - can they rescue their baby and pay the rent on time? While sorting through a mess of books in the staff room, Ohana happens upon one of Denroku's log books from long ago. Within it, it recounts a story of Ohana's mom when she was the same age as her. The story of Charlie Darby, who has everything going for him: a great job, friends, family, the whole package. The one thing Charlie doesn't have is love, because every time he gets close, he goes clinically insane. When he meets the perfect girl, Charlie must overcome his psychosis to claim his chance at true love. The Manzoni family, a notorious mafia clan, is relocated to Normandy, France under the witness protection program, where fitting in soon becomes challenging as their old habits die hard. Documentary film about The Beatles rehearsing and recording songs for the album Let It Be in January 1969. The film features an unannounced rooftop concert by the group, their last performance in public. Released just after the album, it was the final original Beatles release. This film has not been commercially available since the 1980s. Emilio Ortiz is a teenager who is dedicated to birthday cheer during a summer with her best friend Bern ,perform this peaceful work together which will be revolutionized with the arrival of the lush neighborhood Sol a girl who comes to care for her little cousins   to the house of his uncles. Emilio will see this as an opportunity to approach what appears to be the ideal and perfect girl of his dreams, becoming the babysitter of his neighbors and beginning a series of curious events, the only thing that still does not realize is that sometimes love is closer than he thinks. Uptight and straight-laced, FBI Special Agent Sarah Ashburn is a methodical investigator with a reputation for excellence--and hyper-arrogance. Shannon Mullins, one of Boston P.D.'s "finest," is foul-mouthed and has a very short fuse, and uses her gut instinct and street smarts to catch the most elusive criminals. Neither has ever had a partner, or a friend for that matter. When these two wildly incompatible law officers join forces to bring down a ruthless drug lord, they become the last thing anyone expected: Buddies. Ushi Hirosaki has to marry according to Japanese tradition before her 30th birthday. Because time is running out, her family decides she has to marry a huge sumo wrestler. A rather unfortunate combination, so Ushi wants to look for a nicer candidate herself. She travels halfway around the world to find her dream husband. Along the way she does valiant efforts, for example to learn table manners and to lose her Japanese accent. World renown vampire fighter, Professor Bartholomew Dubbs is giving a weekend workshop on how to find and kill vampires at his Institute for Vampire Slaying.  Little does he know that his class has been infiltrated by vampires and the leader of their coven, Camelia Bumbescu is out to kill Dubbs during the red moon to avenge the death of her lover 300 years earlier by Dubb's great great great great great grandfather Gunter Dubbs.  The good Professor has three assistants lead by by Samantha Wilson who try to help but how can they possibly compete against this odd band of misfit vampires. A 19-year old college freshman unwittingly re-imagines his childhood imaginary friend, Gary, to survive his first week at school. Ron Douglas has no luck in women, and when his bride runs away on their wedding day, he goes on holiday up in the mountains, only to be reminded more of his misery when placed in the honey-moon wing of the hotel. However he finds love with Cynthia, a beautiful blonde, and his self esteem improves. Cynthia invites him for Christmas dinner, and he accepts, only to meet Cynthia's eccentric cannibal family, and finds out HE is the main course. This is a fast-paced comedy about a 40-year-old gay man who finds himself dating two equally lovable men - a secure 50-year-old who came out later in life, and an adventurous 30-year-old who wasn't looking for a relationship. What he doesn't find out right away is that the two men are, in fact, father and son. And as they say, wackiness ensues. In this heist film turned horror fest, director Alex de la Iglesia's love of mayhem is on full display as a gang of gold thieves lands in a coven of witches who are preparing for an ancient ritual -- and in need of a sacrifice. Mark Kaminsky is kicked out of the FBI for his rough treatment of a suspect. He winds up as the sheriff of a small town in North Carolina. FBI Chief Harry Shannon, whose son has been killed by a mobster named Patrovina, enlists Kaminsky in a personal vendetta with a promise of reinstatement into the FBI if Patrovina is taken down. To accomplish this, he must go undercover and join Patrovina's gang. independent - Filmmaker returns to his hometown to track down his secret club.- Whit Scott Brooks Caldwell, (Cary Elwes) an erudite and handsome lawyer, seems to have it all: wealth, social status and a red hot career. His success is, in reality, a product of his marriage to his beautiful, socialite wife, Amanda, (Terri Polo) a wealthy timber heiress. Unlike most, who would remain content to enjoy a life of luxury and privilege, Brooks continues to risk everything by having extramarital affairs. Brooks' philandering, in addition to humiliating Amanda, has driven her to the point of a mental breakdown. Having been pushed over the edge, Amanda orchestrates a just and elaborate plan to bring her husband down. When Brooks leaves for a weekend romp with his latest squeeze, (Agnes Bruckner) his life quickly descends into a bizarre, nightmarish, downward spiral. Antonio and his friends find the way to make a movie in a bohemian city of the Third World full of dream and hopes. In the vein of MEET THE PARENTS and GUESS WHO'S COMING TO DINNER, ANITA HO follows down-on-his-luck Harry Ho, who finally decides to propose to his girlfriend, Anita, on her 30th birthday. But when Anita decides to spend her birthday in Las Vegas with her entire family - who has never met Harry - the fireworks begin! Unbeknownst to the young couple, Anita's traditional Chinese parents have a nice Chinese doctor in mind for Anita, and they don't approve of Harry, an unpaid Korean writer. The film follows the journey of three young men, who flee from their wives, for a vacation to the international tourist-destination Goa. During the trip, they become friends with an immature youthful older man, who is on the verge of a divorce. The film explores their time in Goa In the last days of 2012 everyone is talking about the end of the world. This doesn't seem to affect the routine of Wachi, a grumpy watchman. However the arrival of Tesla, an impulsive fifteen year-old girl, does. Tesla, Wachi, an a lively 80 year old called Trini, spend the last days of 2012 together, sharing a bond despite, their differences. A mild-mannered father is transformed into a killing machine after his family is torn apart by a violent act. In their village of Puglia (Southern part of Italy on the Adriatic side) Federico and Riccardo have been best friends since childhood. Federico is a penniless playboy, while Riccardo is a young fashion designer. To pursue his dream, Riccardo trades his home for Milan. When Frederick discovers that the Puglia Region provides funding in support of business activities, he convinces Riccardo to come back and open a fashion house. But there is a problem: funding is only available to common law couples, and so Federico and Riccardo must pretend to be a gay couple, and enlist the help of the local newspaper editor, a journalist and Richard's despotic girlfriend .. Two years after the death of his beloved wife, Pat O'Brien (Tommy O'Neil) summons his children back to their homestead in the west of Ireland. Fionn (Liam McMahon) travels from New York, Gareth (Emmett Hughes) from London, and daughter Una (Slaine Kelly) returns from Dublin, fearing the worst. Pat is not the only family member bearing the burden of a secret. The O'Briens is a modern comedy about a dysfunctional Irish family and the town they grew up in. In Japan, gonzo filmmakers hatch a three-pronged plan to save an actress's career, end a yakuza war and make a hit movie. Set in colonial times, the stooges are convicted criminals who are banished from England to the American colonies. When they arrive, they find that the colonists are starving because the local Indians won't let them on their hunting grounds. The stooges go hunting any, and after a wild chase, are captured by the Indians. They escape and another wild chase ensues. Two gangsters, one case full of drugs, one abandoned hairdresser, travels to the bathroom, and travels in time. Charly was abandoned right after birth in a convent. He is not aware of who the couple who are about to arrive and dine at the inn, actually are. Karla is about to show up with a dead man and one hundred dollars in the trunk of her car. Two small town women capture a handsome fugitive who breaks into their house trying to escape a snowstorm and the law. It is April 1974 and Julie Dujonc-Renens, young feminist journalist and the cunning Joseph-Marie Cauvin, leading reporter for the Swiss radio, have been sent to Portugal to investigate Switzerland's aid to poor countries. Sparks fly during the bus trip with Bob, sound engineer approaching retirement. The projects financed by Switzerland prove to be calamitous and the workers' revolution that suddenly breaks out doesn't help, obliging our heroes to disregard first the radio's management, and then their own codes of conduct. After her experiences in Nazi Germany, actress Macarena Granada traveled to Hollywood, where she became a star. In the 1950s, the diva returns to Francoist Spain to star a Hollywood blockbuster about Queen Isabella I of Castile. (A sequel to "The Girl of Your Dreams," 1998.) Beautifully shot in black and white, it blends conventional narrative technique with impressionistic camerawork, symbols and voiceovers to create an intimate study of sexual expression and repression. It begins with footage from a stylish old potboiler about an isolated convent, whose tale of passions leashed and unleashed provides the leitmotif for a young lesbian who watches it and the lonely nun she pursues and seduces. As the two women's lives come closer to joining, voiceovers from the biography of a 16th century lesbian nun and the reminiscences of a woman's closeted romances at a Catholic school flesh out the theme. When the two women finally meet and make love, the woman's careful unwrapping of the nun's complicated prison of clothing is both foreplay and liberating metaphor. A local doctor is recruited as a cold war spy to fulfill a very important secret mission in the Middle East, only to experience that his mission is complicated by a sexy female double agent. An eccentric theater artist struggles to stage an OJ Simpson musical with the help of his childhood friends. A hybrid narrative film with doses of mockumentary, musical comedy and dance film, "Improvement Club" traces a rag-tag Seattle performance group's attempt to expose the American Revolution's fatal flaws. When the ensemble loses their shot at a New York premiere, their desperate wish for an audience takes them into the backwoods of the Pacific Northwest on what becomes a surreal pursuit of trust, togetherness and the true motivation behind their work. Loosely based on the making of director Dayna Hanson's real-life performance, "Gloria's Cause". The thing you need the most drives you to unbelievable depths... Young Claudia works in a supermarket where she promotes various types of products. One night, she ends up in the emergency room with severe appendicitis and meets Martha, a patient, laying in the bed next to hers. Exposure follows a rookie Detroit African-American female cop who stumbles upon corrupt officers who are murdering a drug dealer, an incident captured by her body cam. They pursue her through the night in an attempt to destroy the footage, but to make matters worse, they've tipped off a criminal gang that she's responsible for the dealer's death. Coming 50 years after the release of Space Oddity, the 90-minute film explores the Bowie before Ziggy Stardust, following the period from 1966 when he changed his name from David Jones to Bowie. It includes footage from the BBC Archives including footage of a BBC audition in 1965 of David Bowie and the Lower Third, which included a performance of Chim-Chim-Cheree and Baby That's A Promise. After his mistress runs over a young teen, a Wall Street hotshot sees his life unravel in the spotlight, and attracting the interest of a down and out reporter.   Zoey, a woman trying to find her role in this world, saves troubled men in search of her own completion. She meets Quinn, a guy who believes he is the world's savior. He must fight a 'friend' to the death to stop the oncoming Apocalypse. This is the story of Zoey taking her newfound charity case under her wing as she is compelled to help the damaged Quinn come to reality, while fighting her own past demons as they are revealed. Rabba Main Kya Karoon is a roller coaster ride, which centres around a big - lavish Delhi wedding. Between surrealism, unusual characters, art and magic tricks, "Swim Little Fish Swim" is a dreamlike journey from childhood to adulthood. A dangerous gangster called the Lizard escaped from prison. He steals chickens and spits on old ladies. There's only one man who can catch him: the commissioner Roy Schneider! Detective Hazel Micallef hasn't had much to worry about in the sleepy town of Port Dundas until a string of gruesome murders in the surrounding countryside brings her face to face with a serial killer driven by a higher calling. Sunny is struggling to make a living in the Bollywood industry. He takes a job as assistant director (the operative word being assistant) for an American documentary filmmaking team, but during filming in the Indian Rajasthan province he is kidnapped by Pakistani terrorists - and detained in a small village in Pakistan. The situation is delicate, but the villagers share Sunny's passion for Bollywood film, and little by little the hostage and the guardians come to understand each other. Eventually, Sunny lays a plan to escape with the help of the villagers. When their abusive parents are killed in a car crash, twin sisters Rosie and Violet vow to run away to Kentucky in search of a better life. While on the road, the girls meet up with Pete, a drifter working as a grounds keeper on a derelict army base, who takes them in. While Violet falls for him, Rosie becomes increasingly angry and hostile, and the sisters' childhood bond is eventually destroyed forever. After a stint in a psychiatric hospital, a young woman returns to the house where her father killed the entire cast of The Artist during his exorcism. During a pro lockout, Doug "The Thug" Glatt is injured and must choose whether to defend his team against a dangerous new enemy, or be there for his wife as she prepares to give birth to his daughter. Before Dawn on New Year's Day, six friends will tell each other everything and anything they wanted to say or admit to each other, without repercussions. But that's easier said than done. Mia, an aspiring actress, serves lattes to movie stars in between auditions and Sebastian, a jazz musician, scrapes by playing cocktail party gigs in dingy bars, but as success mounts they are faced with decisions that begin to fray the fragile fabric of their love affair, and the dreams they worked so hard to maintain in each other threaten to rip them apart. Oceane, a young girl from the Parisian suburbs, gets dumped on a highway station. She then follows a stranger, Oliboy, an odd forty-something musician who is about to do a summer tour in the south-west of France. She will discover his life philosophy in an authentic isolated surf camp ; a timeless summer paradise. This story of emancipation on the background of surf and rock music uncovers the tracks of Oceane's chaotic family past. A woman attends wedding of successive men in her life, though she gets to find a soul mate. Erik Myers tackles relationships and drug use in this hilarious comedy set. Kesavan and Murugan are content to live out of their fathers pockets, whiling away time with their buddies and wooing their respective lovers. How do they turn responsible adults? In this documentary five severely wounded Iraq/Afghanistan veterans work with professional comedy writers and A-List comedians Lewis Black, Zach Galifianakis, BJ Novak, and Bob Saget to explore their personal experiences through the healing power of humor. Writing their own stand-up comedy routines they find new perspectives from which to view their injuries and their lives - all of which culminates in a performance at two of LA's top comedy clubs. Vaanu (Kreshna) and Vallu (Ma Ka Pa Anand) belong to a wealthy family and lead a happy life. They are jobless and roam around their town doing mischievous acts. They behave as arch rivals, who really care for each other. What happens when Vaanu falls in love with Anjali (Monal Gajjar) forms the crux of the story. Buenos Aires screenwriter Pablo is hired to write a new romantic comedy. As he begins his story, he visualizes his characters living in Madrid. Pablo creates a meet-cute between Marina and Victor, a cute couple in Madrid who are soon totally in love. Yet as Pablo gets more and more into the script, he finds it difficult to separate his movie characters from what is happening in his own real life - specifically, his own love life. Maya is living the ultimate fashionistas dream: she is working as a stylist for one of the French trend setters, in the capital of haute-couture: Paris.  One of the IT girls of fashion, shes following her dreams until one night, when her life takes a sudden turn: shes being deported back to Morocco, after being stopped for over speeding, because her Visa expired some time ago.  So in no more than 24 hours, shes deported back to her family and original country. The strong cultural shock and the judgmental differences are pushing the woman to obtain back her place in the city of dreams and her dreams, no matter the costs. But that doesn't mean she will have to return alone, as she finds other things also among her way back to the city. The Boy Who Sees Upside Down The story of a relationship between a wealthy widow and a frivolous young girl. Trust Me follows flailing Hollywood agent Howard, who seemingly strikes gold after signing the next big child star. What results is an unexpected ride through the nasty inner workings of Hollywood, as Howard desperately tries to make it in an industry that has no interest in recognizing his bumbling but ultimately genuine nature. CIA Analyst Jack Ryan is drawn into an illegal war fought by the US government against a Colombian drug cartel. An American in Tokyo, a Korean in Bavaria, and a German in Mumbai: Prepare for a real culture clash when you have to pass your driving test again in another country... A real life comedy. "Geek USA" is a quirky romantic comedy filled with 90s nostalgia about a high school senior in a rock band who suddenly goes from zero social life to having three very competitive dates for prom. A powerful Chilean gangster uses everything in his power to stop the woman that wants to kill him, a sexy mercenary known as "the machine gun woman". The staggering sum of cash he offers for her head sets in motion an army of hitmen. And also, by accident, bursts in the life of naive DJ Santiago, a common youth that will have to steel his guts against the underworld, and above all, survive the irresistible - and bloodthirsty - Machine Gun Woman.  - Written by FICV All Norah ever wanted to be was a reality TV star. But her dream-come-true quickly turns into a nightmare when she allows a motley television crew of chickens, led by a sociopath, 'Charlie Chicken', to invade her home, manipulate her emotions, and drag her and her soon-to-be-ex-boyfriend into the desert on what is supposed to be a glamorous reality TV shoot. Deep in the surreal landscapes of the Joshua Tree desert, it becomes a battle of species. The hilarious antics of the oddball chicken crew, the blind faith of a reality TV star wannabe, and the cruel perversions of one really 'bad chicken', all spiral downward into an extremely unique Spaghetti Western. After giving up on making it in the Chicago improv scene, a young comedian fatefully reconnects with the former love of his life one fall night while working at a coffee shop in his hometown. Afraid of growing old and alone like his divorced father, Warren must choose between winning her back or finding the courage to go after his dreams a second time. Salvador Mallo, a filmmaker in the twilight of his career, remembers his life: his mother, his lovers, the actors he worked with. The sixties in a small village in Valencia, the eighties in Madrid, the present, when he feels an immeasurable emptiness, facing his mortality, the incapability of continuing filming, the impossibility of separating creation from his own life. The need of narrating his past can be his salvation. Ana and Alberto get married. Their best friends warn them about the seven year itch: the usual time when a couple starts experiencing big problems in their relationship. We will follow Ana and Alberto on their marriage until they reach their seven year itch. Fresh out of rehab, a young woman moves back in with her parents and sister, and soon becomes involved in a mystery that has left people in her town paralyzed. From Director Brandon Ho &amp; Writer Joseph Reidhead comes the Romantic Comedy "Missed Connections" a story about love, identity, the universe, and well, sandwiches.  Marc Reid (Kevin O'Keefe), a discouraged romance novelist, is setup on a blind date with girl named Melissa by his over excited sister Julia (Sarah Kent). Marc, a little less than enthusiastic, ends up picking up Jessie (Tatum Langton) instead of Melissa from the apartment complex. As the night unfolds Jessie and Marc meet up with old friends Gary (Bryce Chamberlain) and Mary (Renny Grames) and make a couple of new friends along the way.  Things are complicated by Jessie's boyfriend Trent (Lawrence Fernandez). But will Jessie and Marc be able to find love? Can Jessie help Marc rediscover romance and his passion of writing or are they cursed to simply be another missed connection? A man plans the perfect Christmas for his perfect little family... but who is who when nobody is who they say they are?! When an author decides to turn his book tour into a stand-up comedy tour, he enlists his best friend from high school to come along. They haven't seen each other in 20 years but quickly fall into their old habits of outrageous behavior. As the tour progresses however our heroes learn they're not kids anymore and what started out as mere hijinx is now endangering their friendship, their careers, and their lives. A man tries to keep his partner from straying by romancing the object of the man's affections himself. The story depicts two star-crossed lovers: Marcus Hanson, a Thai superstar, and Joey Hermosa, a Filipina baker. When Marcus decides to fly to Philippines to escape from his career, he meets Joey. Even though their worlds collide, the two later fall in love. But their relationship is tested by conflicts from their worlds. Self sabotage permeates the relationships of Tom, Charlie and Hannah as they drive across the country to rescue Lily from her own wedding. It's a love triangle turned emotional horror story. The bitter fight for supremacy between the three most popular girls at North Gateway High takes an unexpected turn when their classmate, Tanner, is outed and becomes the school's first openly gay student. The trio races to bag the big trend in fashion accessories, the Gay Best Friend, while Tanner must decide whether his skyrocketing popularity is more important than the friendships he is leaving behind. A German girl travels to Israel to help people with disabilities, where she learns a lot about the role of her grandparents in WWII and meets a man who wants to move to Berlin. Using a 1945 Charlie Parker song, American indie animator, George Griffin greets us with a dizzying dance of torn Pop Art images. Shreds of consumer culture flash before us, swayed and absorbed by the tempo and power of Parker's horn. Three stories with surrealistic comedy elements compose 'NO CONTROL IN A RANDOM WORLD'. A Chilean kid who speaks only in German language; a man fighting with his mind about their way of living; and an old couple trying to solve a problem in silence, an uncomfortable and violent silence are the main elements of this film about how humans have no control in their decisions and how they easily accept all life mutations, even if they are the weirdest ones. At last, Josephine has found her perfect non-smoker-cat-loving-amazing-cook-perfect-man-soulmate. They've been in love for two years and everything is peachy. Until she realizes she's... pregnant. Time for Josephine to transform her life, mature into a responsible adult, not become like her mother, get a job, hold on to her man, refrain from falling out with her friends, and tell her sister, who's been crashing at her place, that she's got to move out. A bunch of overwhelming challenges that Josephine will have to face in her own, special way. Richard Feynman was a scientific genius with - in his words - a "limited intelligence". This dichotomy is just one of the characteristics that made him a fascinating subject. The Pleasure of Finding Things Out exposes us to many more of these intriguing attributes by featuring an extensive conversation with the acclaimed Nobel Prize winner.  During the course of the interview, which was conducted in 1981, Feynman uses the undeniable power of the personal to convey otherwise challenging scientific theories. His colorful and lucid stories make abstract concepts tangible, and his warm presence is sure to inspire interest and awe from even the most reluctant student of science. His insights are profound, but his delivery is anything but dry and ostentatious. A woman searches for her adult son, who was taken away from her decades ago when she was forced to live in a convent. Based on a stage play of the same name by Amy Nostbakken and Norah Sadava, the story follows Cassandra as she tries to organize the affairs for her mother's funeral. This hilarious and moving 'mockumentary' follows the exploits of Vincent Di Bona, an eccentric Hollywood director, and his protege, movie star Kelly Wind, as they embark on the most important project of their lives. Convinced they are being used by the 'Great Spirit', Vin and Kelly set out to create the perfect movie before the world ends on December 21st, 2012, in order to pass it on to the future inhabitants of planet Earth. The perfect film? A remake of Disney's 1970's classic 'Pete's Dragon'. But when Vin casts an unknown boy in the lead role of Pete, his friendship with Kelly will be put to the test, as will his entire world view. Six young adults struggle with their personal demons while staying at a secluded mansion during a dark and stormy night where a seemingly innocent game of 'taboo' brings out their inter-most secrets which soon leads to murder. Ben, a 25-year-old with anxiety and OCD still living with his mom, awakes one morning to a proposition: go on an all-expenses-paid road trip to Salt Lake City in order to move his Great Uncle Harold out of a retirement home. When she suggests he bring his friend Richardson along, Ben hesitates... Nonetheless, he invites Richardson to join him on the journey. With a fanny pack fully stocked with hand sanitizer in tow, the two hit the road... Jesus Christ and Gautama Buddha, the founders of Christianity and Buddhism, are living together as roommates in a Tokyo apartment while taking a vacation on Earth. The comedy often involves jokes about Christianity, Buddhism, and all things related, as well as the main characters' attempts to hide their identities and understand modern society in Japan. LOOK AT US NOW, MOTHER! is about the transformation of a highly charged mother/daughter relationship from Mommie Dearest to Dear Mom, from hatred to love, as told through the filmmaker's story. The film is an unflinching look at the complex bond between mother and daughter. It reveals insights into family behaviors, patterns and generational, societal, cultural and individual histories. The film takes the audience on a journey spanning decades and continents, filled with conflict and emotional land mines. Told through biting humor and raw honesty, this is an intimate story about family dysfunctions and forgiveness. Blood Riders is a blood soaked adventure comedy about 4 young friends who stumble upon a body after stealing a car. That discovery pushes the friends on a road trip around town during which they try get rid of the increasing amount of corpses. Along their wild ride the kids encounter neo-Nazis, punk artists, devil worshipers and a plan to resurrect Hitler. What would it be like if your last name was Hitler? Director Matt Ogens seeks that answer by intimately portraying a diverse group of individuals with that same unfortunate name. Modern British dairy farms must get bigger and bigger or go under but Farmer Stephen Hook decides to buck the trend. Instead he chooses to have a great relationship with his small herd of cows and ignore the big supermarkets and dairies. The result is a laugh-out-loud emotional roller-coaster of a film, a heart warming tearjerker about the incredible bonds between man, animal and countryside in a fast disappearing England. Intrigue and greed come between an immoral woman and the man who loves her. This film is believed lost. Comedy King Allari Naresh has teamed up with Sharmila Mandre and director Devi Prasad for the comedy film 'Kevvu Keka'. Boppana Chandrasekhar is the producer. The movie has released today, so let us see of if it is going to entertain as promised.  Story :  Buchi Raju (Allari Naresh) is a salesman in Kalanikethan Mall. He lives with his uncle Abrakadabra Appa Rao (Krishna Bhagawan), who is a magician. Buchi Raju happens to come across Maha Lakshmi (Sharmila Mandre) one fine day and falls in love with her. Maha Lakshmi also responds to Buchi Babu and they fall in love.  Maha Lakshmi's father Subba Rao (M.S.Narayana) does not approve of this alliance as Buchi Raju is not a rich guy. To win Maha Lakshmi's hand, Buchi Raju promises to earn a lot of money within 6 months and leaves.  What happens next? Will Buchi Raju succeed in his efforts? That forms the story of this film. Yamudiki Mogudu: Ee Nela Thakkuvodu is a 2012 released Telugu socio-fantasy and comedy film directed by E. Satti Babu. 'Play like the music doesn't matter.' The unbelievable true story of the band that gained massive east coast popularity in the late 1980s despite having a complete lack of musical talent and ambition. A powerful PR machine built their fame, and soon their primary objective was to invent new and creative ways to get kicked off stage without actually playing. Narrated by 'Alice Cooper', Skum ROCKS!, is a genre-bending film described by some as a true-life 'This is Spinal Tap', and by others as an independent 'Rock of Ages'. 'Skum Rocks!' chronicles the rise, fall, and return of this infamous band, giving new life to the tale of 'The Emperor's New Clothes'. Three female friends recall their misadventures (more sexual than cinematical) attending the Locarno Film Festival. 8pm in a rundown prison. A prisoner on death row will be executed. He has the right to make a final declaration. But the law doesn't stipulate how long he can talk. So, as long as he talks the execution is postponed... A white alligator lives in a big river in a village. It drags Kadir's daughter, Juleha, and drowns her. Thanks to Komar the alligator tamer, Juleha is found alive. Apparently, the alligator is an incarnation of Jafar, a friend of Komar. (filmindonesia.or.id) Brothers Jack and Oliver reunite to put their beloved dog to sleep. While their zany mother plans a party to celebrate Stella's life, things go awry when the brothers discover they love the same girl. Far away from the civilized world, in the deep isolation of the lonely backwoods, Carl Henry Jessup spends his days in twisted contemplation and hazy reverie of the good old days. His contempt for outsiders keeps him close to his hillbilly family home. Carrying on the family business, Carl keeps an eye out for Grade A meat. Teru, the world's most useless detective, meets with a mysterious young girl called Kurara, who has an extraordinary talent for getting involved in accidents and incidents. Not to mention, her ex-boyfriend has implanted a bomb in her stomach... When Kurara leaves her bracelet behind, Teru thoughtlessly puts it on. Suddenly, Teru hears a wedding march play, to warn him of an impending explosion. Turns out the bracelet was a pair bomb to go with the bomb in Kurara's stomach. When the song plays, it's 1 minute until the bomb explodes. If Kurara and Teru stay apart from each other for any longer than 30 minutes, both bombs will explod  12-year-old Pelle accidentally gets bitten by an ant and develops unimaginable superpowers. With help from his friend, comic book nerd Wilhelm, Pelle creates a secret identity as the superhero Antboy. Slowly things start to happen in the surburban community, and when a scary and crazy supervillain, Flea, enters the scene, Antboy must step up to the challenge.  The first Danish superhero-movie. Based on the books by Kenneth Bogh Andersen. Two Latvian actors travel the country and visit different witches and healers to find purpose to their lives after years of alcoholism, which has had a great impact on their personal health. On the way they run into trouble, adventure and many comic, as well as tragic situations. Dian (Lisa Surihani), a sweet and naive blogger, travels to Istanbul in hopes of convincing her medical student boyfriend Azad (Tomok) to propose to her. She rents out an apartment, not knowing that it is already leased to quirky and shy artist Harris (Beto Kusyairy). Despite the unwanted roomate, Dian tries to make the most out of her sticky situation and conceal it from Azad. But when Azad eventually finds out and leaves her, Dian has to decide whether she should run and fight for Azad or stay and discover if Harris is the one who is meant for her. A sequel to the 2013 horror comedy. Looking for the Jackalope A management professor, about to turn 60, takes the plunge - a year in which Chris becomes Christa. Otto Wall is just a little unlucky in life, and unbeknownst to him, in love. When his wife suddenly asks for a divorce, he bounces between a search for answers, desperate attempts to stay connected to his daughter, and his fateful reentry into the dating pool. Sometimes you can live your whole life in a few days... A high school graduation trip in which love, friendship, desire, illusion, innocence and the forbidden are all part of the adventure. Charm and disillusionment shine through teenage friendships as the characters try to understand what is happening to them and what they should do with their future. Life could not be better for best friends Neal and Isaac. They just graduated college and landed their dream job with a top investment bank. But when they discover their boss is planning a crooked student loan deal, their lives are thrown into turmoil. Determined to stop the corrupt plan, they concoct a crazy scheme of sex, drugs and espionage resulting in a wildly chaotic adventure. "A love letter to Calcutta," declares Mainak. "It's about a typical Bengali family of dadu (grandfather), parents and three brothers and their love interests. Then there's the Marwari community which plays a big part in today's cosmopolitan Calcutta. This is a film about the Calcutta we see now. It's urban and young and yet the Bong idiosyncrasies are very much there." An international company has acquired "Supermarkets Oceano". The long-awaited end-of-the-year tour has been replaced by a day of integration according to "international standards". A group of workers willing to demand their rights will make this Office Trip an unforgettable day. A clown, a painter wannabe, a lousy actress and a plastic artist coincide in a misterious art gallery that hides a secret. Soon they will realize that they have begun a path where they pay a very high price to succeed in the world of art. Raphael, a young executive who is on the verge of losing a multimillion dollar architectural deal with a large distribution company lead by the awkward Stanford(s). Raphael suffers a sudden death in his family and has to immediately leave to go to the funeral in his home town of Metzburgh. Seeing this as his big chance to get ahead is Wayne, a jealous co-worker who is in competition with Raphael. As Raphael returns to Metzburgh, he experiences a life changing event: witnessing a Grim Reaper taking a soul. This sighting results in Raphael becoming a Reaper and having to explore his own conscience and the lengths he will go to get his own life back. But Death, has other plans for the naive young executive. VERNON RICHARDSON and IMANI TOWNSEND meet unexpectedly at a cozy Jazz club, unpretentious, and unaware, they're a match made for heaven on a popular internet dating website. They fall in love with the people they really are, but the influence of life's circumstances and false expectations keep them apart. However, their pseudo internet personalities keep them closer than they know. Vernon, an aspiring writer, takes a job at Townsend Publishing, run by Imani, setting up the ultimate serendipitous showdown with destiny...the two Vernons and the two Imanis shall certainly meet. His game of borrowing cars and money to impress the love of his life is soon discovered, leaving Imani heartbroken, so he makes a promise to make it up to her if she will just give him a second chance at a first impression. A bright, modern, refreshing and romantic comedy. Chan-young, a young journalist, is sent to investigate a village which has supposedly been possessed by demons. The incidents taking place have been so strange and terrifying that local shamans and other religious leaders have simply given up, abandoning the town. But upon her arrival, Chan-young discovers that an all-star team of supernaturally-inclined heroes has assembled to rid the village of evil. This team includes Mr. PARK the exorcist, Shi-min the monk, Wol-gwang the clairvoyant, Seung-hee the tarot master, and Seok-hyeon, an engineer. Chan-young follows the heroes as they prepare for an epic battle against the village's evil forces. Stuck in the corridors of time, Godefroy de Montmirail and his faithful servant Jacquouille are projected to a time of profound political and social upheavals: the French Revolution... specifically, The Terror, time of great dangers, during which the descendants of Godefroy and Jacquouille had their castle and all their property confiscated by arrogant aristocrats, fleeing and lifes hanging by a thread. In late eighties, in Ceausescu's Romania, a black market VHS bootlegger and a courageous female translator brought the magic of Western films to the Romanian people and sowed the seeds of a revolution. Slacker Max fell so hard for single mother Alice in college that he developed a website aimed at winning her heart. Years later, after his venture has earned him millions of dollars, Max risks his entire fortune performing an ever more complicated series of social contortions to get close to Alice, now a politically motivated factory worker. After serving six years for killing his schoolmate, a young man learns that someone is out for revenge. The second gripping slab of the "Spacemen Belong in the Future Probably" saga, in which Chase discovers more about his mysterious attackers, and those who saved him from certain stabby death. It's a hot summer day in 1933 in South Philly, where 12-year old Gennaro lives with his widowed mom and his ailing grandpa, who sits outside holding tight to his last quarter, which he's promised to Gennaro and which Gennaro would like to have to buy a ticket to the plush new movie theater. But grandpa's not ready to pass on the quarter or pass on to his final reward: he has some unfinished business with a woman from his past, and he enlists Gennaro to act as his emissary. When Dr. Doofenshmirtz's latest invention causes the Marvel heroes to lose their powers, they team up with Phineas and Ferb to save the world from Doofenshmirtz and the Marvel villains. Four former harlots try to leave the wild west (Colorado, to be exact) and head north to make a better life for themselves. Unfortunately someone from Cody's past won't let it happen that easily. A look at the life and work of legendary photographer Elsa Dorfman, whose subjects have included such friends as Allen Ginsberg, Bob Dylan, and Jonathan Richman. When notorious womanizer Connor Mead attends his brother Paul's wedding, he is forced to re-evaluate his behavior as he comes face-to-face with the ghosts of girlfriends past, present, and future, along with his deceased uncle. The experience changes his attitude and allows him to reconnect with his first and only love, Jenny. On his last day in the big city, a disillusioned actor tries to make peace with never making it big. my best friend everyone Oddball hot dog vendor Albert is shocked to find himself becoming the bizarre muse of enigmatic NYC photographer Ivan Worthington. But shocks come his way even more so when he finds out how difficult is is to succeed in the art world, leading him to take his own photographs that suit his very unique - and very limited - skill set. Zombie Hunter is set in a post-apocalyptic Zombie wasteland caused by the mysterious street drug "Natas". We follow one man who has nothing left other than a beat up Camaro and a trunk full of guns and booze. He runs down Flesh Eaters, hunting for sport and redemption, while also running from his past. After crashing into a small group of survivors, who are running low on resources, he decides to lend a hand. But a surprise attack by the Flesh Eaters forces them on the run and puts the Hunter's skills to the test. The ambitious punk rocker Max and the eco-activist Inge cannot stand each other, ever since Max publicly exposed her by singing the offensive song "When Inge is Dancing" in front of the whole school. But for Max and his classmates Fabio, Joscha  and Lukas this song in particular has become a real hit at school as well as in the regional music scene: Their band called Systemfehler is on the verge of a breakthrough. But just before the important gig, which could get them a record deal, guitarist Josha is injured and can't play. Inge happens to be an excellent guitarist, and the only person who can fill in at such short notice. But when Max asks for her help, she imposes one non-negotiable condition: If she decides to play with the band, they will not perform the song "Wenn Inge tanzt". Wile E. Coyote uses, among other things, a dehydrated boulder to try to catch the Road Runner. He applies a drop of water to enlarge it from pebble-size to usual boulder dimensions, but it enlarges as Wile E. is lifting it over his head, coming down on top of him. A man must struggle to travel home for Thanksgiving, with an obnoxious slob of a shower ring salesman his only companion. Two customs officers undercover, Marshal Remo Signorelli and Brigadier Riccardo Riva, try to stop Massimiliano Grilli, a master of evasion. On one occasion, Remo meets his old friend Fulvio who suspected he had an affair with his then girlfriend and now wife. The third instalment of "Momok" chronicles the development of M. Jamil's latest directorial. During the movie's filming, mysterious incidents take place where the cast and crew are allegedly disturbed by "Momok". Nothing can be done about it, even though Tok Wan, a Malay shaman, is called in to help. Where has Ajaq, the new actor gone? And is Sheril Aida just too into her role or is she possessed? Will M. Jamil ever finish his film? For John Cuttin it all started with the first sip of the wine of her life. A "Marzemino", a typical wine of the province of Trento, quoted by Lorenzo Da Ponte in his libretto for "Don Giovanni" by Mozart.  The instant he tasted the blood-red drop of nectar John felt a sort of pleasant and mysterious explosion of the senses, and from that moment on, his nature is transformed. In just three years, from shy bank clerk and faithful husband became director, tombeur de femmes and the most revered and respected expert on wine in Italy. Just as he had predicted the enigmatic "Professor" who had convinced him to taste his first glass of wine. The only event that the "Professor" with his accent and his piercing blue eyes, had not predicted was that he would soon be charged with the murder of his wife Adele. While being put under pressure by the Commissioner Sanfelice, John is to reflect on the last three years of his life, dominated by a single and mad passion: wine. The owner of a seedy small-town Texas bar discovers that one of his employees is having an affair with his wife. A chaotic chain of misunderstandings, lies and mischief ensues after he devises a plot to have them murdered. Four friends and Graduate students in the physics department of their University discover their clean energy machine actually works as a crude, rudimentary teleportation device. Through experimentation, adjustments and some misuse-use of the device, it is quickly discovered that the machine holds many consequences. Leo falls in love with Beatrice, a slightly older high-school student who has leukemia. In Eli Regrets, we are submerged in the darkly comical life of a presumptuous teenager as he is faced with his impending manhood. As Eli enters into the world of timid love, hard drugs, and spilt milk, he must overcome his fears or face the ultimate regret of not knowing. The story takes place in the late 18th century of Joseon Dynasty (1392-1910), during the last years of King Yeongjo's reign. Ice is a commodity more valuable than gold. Blocks of it are harvested from frozen rivers in winter, put in royal storage and distributed or sold throughout the year for general consumption. When corrupt officials conspire to form a monopoly and fix its price, a gang of 11 professionals is formed to stop the scheme -- and to do that they must make all the royal ice blocks in five storage rooms disappear for a night. Hatice has a problem: she desperately needs a man. Because her younger sister Fatma is pregnant and must marry immediately. However, that is only allowed when Hatice is under the hood, as the old Anatolian tradition, to which the father Ismail firmly clings. But where should Hatice find a groom so fast? Because a Turk may not be under any circumstances, which may blaze in the German man already a bit Turkish fire. And so Hatice goes in search of her "Hans with hot sauce". When an execution is sanctioned in the UK for the first time in almost 50 years, it soon becomes a media circus. The television rights are sold, and it becomes the worlds biggest reality TV show, re-branded as X-Day. Darius Weems, a 15-year-old with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy, had never left his hometown of Athens, Georgia. In the summer of 2005, he and a group of young college students traveled across the country in a wheelchair-accessible RV to test accessibility in the United States. Their ultimate goal was to reach Los Angeles and convince MTV's hit show, "Pimp My Ride," to customize Darius's wheelchair. Along the way, they found joy, brotherhood, and the knowledge that life, even when imperfect, is always worth the ride. When a beautiful and mysterious woman bursts into the office of Leo Falloon, desperate to find her missing brother, it's just another day in the life of a hard-boiled detective. The problem is, Leo's not a detective. He sells novelty advertising across the hall from the detective, but how hard can it be? Stop-motion animated short film in which, among other things, a man made of wire looks malevolent. GONE TOO FAR follows two estranged teenage brothers over the course of a single day as they meet for the first time, and struggle to accept each other for who they are. Yemi can't wait for his big brother to join him on the estate in Peckham - but when Ikudayisi arrives from Nigeria wearing socks and sandals Yemi questions both his judgement and his African heritage. A day on the estate filled with danger and excitement teaches both of them the values of family and self respect. On a golden afternoon, young Alice follows a White Rabbit, who disappears down a nearby rabbit hole. Quickly following him, she tumbles into the burrow - and enters the merry, topsy-turvy world of Wonderland! Memorable songs and whimsical escapades highlight Alice's journey, which culminates in a madcap encounter with the Queen of Hearts - and her army of playing cards! Dr. Jack Hammond has best chances to become medical superintendent in the clinic. So he's completely absorbed in his work and has no understanding for his teenage son Chris' problems with school. By accident one of them drinks a brain-exchanging serum, and it switches their identities. This leads of course to extraordinary complications in school and at work, but also to insight in the problems and feelings of each other. After budget cuts and personal demons forced him off the streets of San Pedro, Detective Nick Terry's beat became the classroom, where he patrols the minds of the people in his beloved hometown. A ruthless German spy, trying to get out of Britain with vital information about D-Day, must spend time with a young woman and her crippled husband. Invasion Ireland is a science fiction comedy feature film. Presented in a live news format, the story begins in an Irish future where Martians are living with the Irish. Temperatures are boiling and the recession is at its worse. The world stops to watch live coverage of Zelog, a disgruntled Martian who is holding the occupants of a house in Finglas, North-side Dublin hostage. A live news crew are recording his every word and all sorts of 'spin doctors' and 'know-it-all's' are in the studio using the possibilities of Armageddon as a platform to 'plug' their books and careers. Snoopy embarks upon his greatest mission as he and his team take to the skies to pursue their arch-nemesis, while his best pal Charlie Brown begins his own epic quest. What happens when America's most joyous, dysfunctional city rebuilds itself after a disaster? New Orleans is the setting for Getting Back to Abnormal, a film that serves up a provocative mix of race, corruption and politics to tell the story of the re-election campaign of Stacy Head, a white woman in a city council seat traditionally held by a black representative. Supported by her irrepressible African-American aide Barbara Lacen-Keller, Head polarizes the city as her candidacy threatens to diminish the power and influence of its black citizens. Featuring a cast of characters as colorful as the city itself, the film presents a New Orleans that outsiders rarely see. Eating, Talking, Faucking consists of 18 episodes. Some of which include a story of a 70's old man and 14-year-old kids talking candidly, a story of a soldier who is about to die and a serial killer, a story of men and women who have a blind date in the nude and a story of the creator who made human beings and mediates desires. All of which, contains honest sex talk on the screen. Having suffered a tragedy, Ben becomes a caregiver to earn money. His first client, Trevor, is a hilarious 18-year-old with muscular dystrophy. One paralyzed emotionally, one paralyzed physically, Ben and Trevor hit the road on a trip into the western states. The folks they collect along the way will help them test their skills for surviving outside their calculated existence. Together, they come to understand the importance of hope and the necessity of true friendship. Car theft and kidnapping in Taiwan Rahmat (Reza Rahadian) and Tata (Acha) middle-class couples. They've been married 7 years, but no children. Tata personal desire to have children, greater than Grace for Grace thought that if they both (to have each other), it is enough for Grace.  Shinta (Renata Kusmanto) is an Indonesian super model worldwide. Reputation, image and professionalism is very good and high. Not many know that Shinta recently divorced from her husband, Heru (Dwi Sasono) because Shinta can not give a child diagnosed. Heartbroken and lonely, Shinta busy trying to hold it with a new modeling and nesting houses. At the same time he remembered the previous ex-girlfriend who had left Shinta, Rahmat.  Is Grace could be the perfect person for Tata? Or Shinta?. Add the plot. Bara Mahesa (Dimas Anggara), who wants to be a writer, is restless in the absence of any girlfriend. He then meets Velin Caliandra (Natasha Rizki), a junior that later become his girlfriend. But Velin is a spoiled girl and a source of irritation. Then comes Diandra Pramita (Alisia Rininta), a senior who can make Bara feels comfortable. But Diandra in fact is going to be a source of greater resentment. A Broadway artiste turns a faded film star's comeback vehicle into an artsy flop. Three years after the demise of Jurassic World, a volcanic eruption threatens the remaining dinosaurs on the isla Nublar, so Claire Dearing, the former park manager, recruits Owen Grady to help prevent the extinction of the dinosaurs once again. Qiao Renliang plays the leading role of Peng Da, a rag collector who accidentally becomes the manager of a luxury hotel. Lam Suet portrays Peng Da's best friend Long. While working at a funeral parlour, Lim discovers a mysterious book that contains a "Book Spirit", which decides to gives him winning lottery numbers and financial advice. The winnings at first are meager, but as the their fortune increases, things start to get "complicated". Would-be lovers spend a weekend away from their spouses. Cetto and its city council were arrested, but in prison the conspiratorial former mayor makes no earning name as the gratitude of the powerful secretary. These decide to replace some MPs mysteriously killed precisely with Cetto and two other characters: Rodolfo Favaretto and Frengo Stop Let the drag-off begin! When Conner first meets Devin, he feels an instant attraction to him. However, soon Conner's nemesis, the Puerto Rican drag queen Adora wants Devin all to herself. Conner soon realizes the only way to compete with a drag queen is to become a drag queen. With the help of his club friends, Conner must make it his mission to destroy Adora if he wants to win back Devin. The film is a black comedy about a group of people who try and work their way out of an unfortunate set of circumstances. When a woman tries to outwit her husband's sexy young mistress, the unexpected consequences include starring as King Lear in a very amateur production - with the mistress, an aspiring actress, playing The Fool. Bailey has settled into his new country home and has a crush on a dog from the other side of the fence. When her brother Felix is stolen, Bailey and his brother, Duke, set out to save him before he gets sold at the exchange in historic Cowtown. Will Bailey rescue Felix and win the love of his sweetheart? After witnessing her Daddy's tragic death in the ring Charlie sets out to become a wrestler in his memory. The only things stopping her are a disapproving boyfriend, an overwhelming day job, and her corporate psycho boss - whose dodgy business practices threaten to unleash hordes of brain eating wrestling-monsters on the earth! Faced with a wrestle-pocalypse Charlie has no choice but to open up a can of whoop-ass and take these monstrous Jabronis for a stroll down smack down boulevard! From the director of the international cult film MURDERDROME comes FROM PARTS UNKNOWN: FIGHT LIKE A GIRL. The story of a young girl wrestling with life's issues - and some brain eating wrestle-monsters. In the late 80's/early 90's North America's favorite pastime was collecting baseball cards. People would invest millions, in this game of pirates treasure, by putting their mint condition gold in plastic sleeves, locking it away and hoping it's value would continue to rise year after year. Unfortunately, this house of cards would soon collapse, leaving the pieces of cardboard along with the hopes and dreams of fathers and sons worthless. Stu Stone was one of those sons, and his relationship with his father Jack, who was in the card business, would crumble with the industry. 25 years later, Stu is on a mission to discover why his beloved baseball cards are worth nothing more than the memories they hold of a happy childhood. What he didn't plan on finding though, was the most elusive card of them all, his father Jack. When the government cuts the quota of musical programs permitted on television, teenagers Mark and Cherry lead others youngsters in forming their own political party. Oft-nude blog star Elenore is winding her way through the power dynamics of a relationship with a powerful business woman when she meets Eugene, a married office drone. The two begin a peculiar pseudo-sexual relationship wrought with role playing and cloaked in a form of semi-anonymity that can only come from digitally-born casual relationships. A small residential lodge at Kochi becomes the witness for many stories, of many people, their search for love, money, sex, and the true meaning of life. After leaving the prison, the dwarf criminal Calvin Sims joins to his moron brother Percy to steal an expensive huge diamond in a jewelry for the mobster Walken. They are chased by the police, and Calvin hides the stone in the purse of the executive Vanessa Edwards, whose husband Darryl Edwards wants to have a baby. Percy convinces Calvin to dress like a baby and be left in front of the Edwards's house to get inside the house and retrieve the diamond. Darryl and Vanessa keep Calvin for the weekend and decide to adopt him, while Walken threatens Darryl to get the stone back. A marriage in crisis can survive! Set in Arizona against the national debate over immigration, infidelity and the Internet, "Love a la Carte" pokes fun at subjects that usually make people upset. Here is a comedic fantasy about one couple's struggling marriage and why despite all the reasons their relationship might break apart, their union is stronger together, for better or worse. When Lou's romantic plot to win the heart of his model congress running-mate falls apart, he's forced to improvise. Lost in Thailand is the story of two rival business managers, Xu (Xu Zheng) and Bo (Huang Bo), who are fighting over a revolutionary new in-house technology for control of their company. If Xu wins, his future will be secured. The critical task is to secure control over the shares of the chairman, who is at a retreat in Thailand. Xu catches the first plane to Bangkok, where he meets the happy-go-lucky Wang (Wang Baoqiang), an unexpected travel companion who will open his eyes to life's true priorities Road to the Open is an offbeat comedy about a has-been doubles tennis team, single parenthood, the quest for love, and a once in a lifetime shot at greatness. Somewhere between a midnight movie and a thesis paper, Science, Sex and the Ladies, discusses the widespread misunderstandings about the female orgasm and explores how this came to be and what effects this has on science, society, and our personal relationships. A Yoruba man proposes to his Igbo girlfriend, but when the news eventually reaches their parents, their reactions aren't exactly what they expected due to tribal prejudice. Rivalry between the two families begins, but the couple are adamant on their love prevailing. Starring Kenneth Okolie, Adeniyi Johnson, Tina Mba, Dele Odule, Lilian Esoro, Amaechi Muonagor, Blessing Onwukwe, Dickson Godwin and NEDU The Gang of the Jotas is a wacky take on the famous suitcase mixup at the airport. Nils and Didier are arriving to the South of Spain to play in a badminton tournament. A mysterious and manipulative woman is also coming in to set things straight with the Spanish mafia. When they meet to exchange suitcases, all three of their lives are going to be turned upside down. Although Nils and Didier would never dream of becoming her sidekicks, they agree to tag along. Against all odds, they are going to become first class hitmen ... or maybe not. A fictional movie star, Gray Evans, goes through the disintegration of his marriage, his gradual mental breakdown, and his increasing obsession with a young film student who reminds Gray of his own life before becoming famous. A dark psychological drama, I Love Your Work explores the pressures of fame and the difference between getting what you want and wanting what you get. Four episodes where the end of the world comes as the different ways of understanding cinema directors: with humor, or action, from the thriller, drama or romance. So, join a psychopathic murderer faced with the need to complete their master plan, a fierce battle for gaining access to alleged bunkers offering salvation hopeless romantics an invasion of desperate hunt for the love of his life and a pregnant about to give birth to the last baby on the planet. The 17-year-old Tom filled out a questionnaire for the Employment Agency at a vocational guidance office in his school. He falls in love with the trainee, which distributed the questionnaires. In the evaluation he gets out a job as an apprentice at a funeral home as a funeral professional. A young boy and a talented stray dog with an amazing basketball playing ability become instant friends. Rebounding from his father's accidental death, 12-year-old Josh Framm moves with his family to the small town of Fernfield, Washington. The new kid in town, Josh has no friends and is too shy to try out for the school basketball team. Instead he prefers to practice alone on an abandoned court, he befriends a runaway golden retriever named Buddy. Josh is amazed when he realizes that Buddy loves basketball...that is playing basketball...and he is GOOD! Josh eventually makes the school team and Buddy is named the Team Mascot. Josh and Buddy become the stars of halftime. Buddy's half-time talent draws media attention. Unfortunately, when Buddy's mean former owner, Norm Snively, comes along with a scheme to cash in on the pup's celebrity, it looks like they are going to be separated. Feature debut by notable film critic Wang Wei. The film takes Taipei's trendy Ximending district, best known for its mix of alternative lifestyles, youth fashion and the antimony of adolescent life, and provides an upbeat story of damaged young people finding their purpose in life. The film's upbeat tone may appeal to some, but the complexity of the background is obliterated by rom-com stereotypes. Most of the time, Patrick Angerer enjoys a pretty laid back view of life. So he's not especially impressed by the protest action his workmates are taking against the strict wage targets set by the new management of Falkendorf steel plant. But things suddenly begin to get interesting for Patrick when his ex, Barbara Brossman, still the great love of his life, is sent to Falkendorf as the union's lawyer: as she's brought along her new partner, Patrick has his work cut out trying to convince Babs that his life doesn't entirely consist of football and trips down the pub. Norman Pitkin wants to be a policeman like his father was, but he fails the height test (amongst others). One day he gets out his father's old uniform and "walks the beat". This leads to a level of chaos that only Pitkin could cause Six would-be thieves enter a prestigious dance competition as a cover for their larger goal of pulling off a major heist A night guard at an armored car company in the Southern U.S. organizes one of the biggest bank heists in American history. Being Roma. Being queer. What is it like to live at the intersection of at least two identities? How does it feel to be a minority within a minority? "We, Queer Roma" is a search for answers; a film series that focuses on the media representation of LGBTQI Roma. Three sorority pledges are tasked with ensuring that the gals of Sigma Alpha Pi throw a killer party at an abandoned fraternity house. Unfortunately a vengeful spirit decides to take the killer epithet literally. With a special appearance by '80s hair metal titans White Sister! One day, hospital orderlies, watching corpse in the morgue, recognize film director. Man, even though he died, he begins to remember his life. He made a career making movies, had numerous mistresses, but never realized their dreams. His life was interspersed with many setbacks that enfeebled him from the inside. Although he made a career in film, he was not happy with his life. When Peru's Biggest Action Film Star and Jordan's newest rising talent find themselves pursued by a notorious Bookie, a couple of private investigators are forced to choose between their job and their conscience.  Margaret Mead is the best known anthropologist of all time. How can her legacy guide a species that today faces unprecedented changes to its environment? THE ANTHROPOLOGIST is a follow up to the Sundance hit and Emmy nominee THE LINGUISTS. An experimental film about a group of friends. Two successful marriage counselors must confront problems that may lie beyond the scope of their abilities, in this filmed stage drama by playwright-director Je'Caryous Johnson. Bishop Luther Lance Love Jones (Lavell Crawford) and Beulah Mae Jones (Patrice Lovely) have been married for years, and many regard them as pros on the subject of nuptial issues. However, when three couples on the brink of divorce turn up and ask for solutions, The Jones soon find themelves in way over their heads. They must work doubly hard to reinstill faith, optimism and tenacity in each individual. When an IT guy meets a beautiful girl who dreams of being an actress, he pretends to be a big shot producer to win her over. With the insistence of her suspicious friends, she continually tests to see if he is the real deal. This leaves him no choice but to desperately keep up the illusion, because he finds himself falling in love with her. A highly driven law student eludes her entitled rival as she retraces the path of the underground railroad. After false reports of his demise put him and his work on the map, an artist decides to continue the charade by posing as his own brother. Soon, a reporter enters his life and has a profound effect on him. A reporter's dream of becoming a news anchor is compromised after a one-night stand leaves her stranded in downtown L.A. without a phone, car, ID or money - and only 8 hours to make it to the most important job interview of her life. Dumped over a video he made to amuse his ailing dad, a heartsick Jeremy hatches an elaborate scheme to win back his superhero-loving girlfriend, Lola. Fledgling female stand up learns how not to die on stage.  After another spat with her kids, Dona Herminia decides to take some time off from them and hides away in her aunt's house, where she reminisces about her kids in an age when they still needed her. 'Hijo de Trauco' is the story of Jaime; a 14-year-old skeptical young man who one day discovers that everything he knows about his father is a lie. A demon from Hell has an insatiable lust for blood. He is sent from hell to help a Satanic cult try to resurrect Satan and bring eternal Hell on Earth. An optimistic ex-con reinvents himself as an alternative medicine doctor with hopes of impressing his family. But his plans go awry, and soon everyone's embroiled in this comedy of errors set in the heart of Cajun Louisiana. The 1980s snooker rivalry between Alex "Hurricane" Higgins and Steve "The Nugget" Davis, two very different personalities who helped popularise the sport on TV. A group of single moms are brought together in the aftermath of an incident at their children's school. A self-centered realtor enlists the help of his neighbor when he's suddenly left in charge of the granddaughter he never knew existed until his estranged son drops her off at his home. Helen Keller vs. Nightwolves tells the shocking story of how a group of Nightwolves terrorized a tiny village taking people's hearing and eye sight... and the one woman who fought back. An advertising agency receives a request from one of their clients, a beverage company. The advertising agency proposes a CM involving the queen of enka who has a difficult personality, an actor  on the downside of his career and a hip hop star. who suffers from manic depression. While filming their CM, the shooting set is thrown into chaos. A pair of working class stiffs kidnap the son of San Francisco's most feared gangster only to find out that the father doesn't want him back. Two brothers are fleeing arrest for the "accidental" killing of a young girl. Their destination is their estranged father's desolate compound on the sea shore. Death does not select, man does. Set in Budapest, Heavenly Shift offers an eerie insight into the everyday lives of a rather extraordinary ambulance crew. The films main character is Milan, a young refugee from the Balkan War, who joins a team of paramedics but inadvertently ends up involved in the funeral business in order to finance his fiancee s rescue from the hostilities. A princess has to pretend to be in love with a rude and ignorant boy to obtein success among her citizens. In order to revamp the once famous nightclub she inherited from her grandfather, Renae employs lingerie models, which attract more customers, but also an unknown killer. Jen's romantic getaway with her wealthy (married) boyfriend is disrupted when his friends arrive for an impromptu hunting trip. Tension mounts at the house until the situation culminates in an unexpected way. My Accomplice is an off-beat comedy about falling in love, set in Brighton, featuring songs and live performances from local bands Transformer, Bob Wants His Head Back and The Mountain Firework Company, an ill-starred search for the village of Wivelsfield, the personal politics of perestroika in the wider context of David Hassel-hoff, apricot flapjacks, abruptly unpredictable weather, gathering evidence of a seagull conspiracy, and a small cast of everyday eccentrics that usually don't make it into films: Bulgarians, adults with learning disabilities, very tall women and elective mutes. In a city of this many vulnerable adults, Frank and Ilse might never have met. The Smart Ones is a feature-length comedy about graduate students who rob houses in order to pay for their tuition. In a highly secured vault deep within the walls of Vatican City, the Catholic Church holds thousands of old films and video footage documenting exorcisms/supposed exorcisms and other unexplained religious phenomena they feel the world is not ready to see. This is the first tape - Case 83-G - stolen from these archives and exposed to the public by an anonymous source. Andrea is having a bad luck with girls. Maybe because he's only man in his big family which include mother, three sisters, grandma, nurse and a dog which is of course female also. Nearly half a century ago, Carmen Ignarra arrived to Mexico after leaving behind her Cuban homeland, in the hopes of becoming the greatest Caribbean actress in Hollywood. But the American dream tur- ned out to be more difficult than she'd thought, and her brief initial success was followed by a slow, painful decline. Today, at 80, the woman who was once Cuba's most beautiful actress lives totally forgotten in an old mansion in Monterrey. There she survives thanks to her tenants--strange men who she is constantly blaming for mysterious thefts and disappearances. Laura, a young woman also from the Caribbean, arrives at the mansion to work as an assistant in cleaning and housekeeping. With her she brings a video camera and the secret intention of making a documentary about the diva. Together they talk about the past, about wasted talent and lost loves. The story of British officer T.E. Lawrence's mission to aid the Arab tribes in their revolt against the Ottoman Empire during the First World War. Lawrence becomes a flamboyant, messianic figure in the cause of Arab unity but his psychological instability threatens to undermine his achievements. Comic sensation Amy Schumer riffs on sex, dating and the absurdities of fame in a bold and uncensored stand-up set at Denver's Bellco Theater. The Wedding Diary 2 picks up two years after the marriage of Wei Jie (Aniu) and Zhixin (Elanne), when they welcome a new and unexpected addition to their family. However, all is not well for Wei Jie's in-laws when Zhixin's father, Colin (Jack Choo) suffers a stroke, which puts a strain on the couple's relationship as Zhixin has to step up to handle her father's business and at the same time, ensure that her mother (Kara Hui) does not fall into depression and anxiety due to her husband's condition. In New York, a struggling actress and a successful writer sing about their failed marriage from two perspectives. Paul is a sweet man-child, raised -- and smothered -- by his two eccentric aunts in Paris since the death of his parents when he was a toddler. Now thirty-three, he still does not speak. (He does express himself through colourful suits that would challenge any Wes Anderson character in nerd chic.) Paul's aunts have only one dream for him: to win piano competitions. Although Paul practices dutifully, he remains unfulfilled until he submits to the interventions of his upstairs neighbour. Suitably named after the novelist, Madame Proust offers Paul a concoction that unlocks repressed memories from his childhood and awakens the most delightful of fantasies. In the late 1990s, a drug-addled nihilist resorts to murder to climb the ladder of the London music industry. Devi is gifted with Extra Sensory Perception (ESP). Her gift comes to light one day while playing tennis with her friend, Sudha, when she has a vision of her sister, Rama, being shot to death by a man in a black raincoat. She telephones Rama, finds she is safe and is relieved. Shortly thereafter Rama disappears, the police are notified, but are unable to find any trace of her. Devi then meets multi-millionaire, Ram Kumar, both fall in love and get married. She moves into his once abandoned and legally disputed bungalow, and that's when she starts having visions again. These visions lead her to a wall that is loosely plastered The story of the daring romance Solovyov Sevastyanov G., ctupivshem by the call of blood on the path of the valiant Russian robbery. And while the security forces led by a secret agent trying to close H7 gang Nightingale the Robber, he, with his drive and mischief, restores fairness in my native land. But sooner or later every "Tale" comes to an end ... A tribute to the U.S. 442nd Regimental Combat Team, formed in 1943 by Presidential permission with Japanese-American volunteers. We follow the training of a platoon under the rueful command of Lt. Mike Grayson who shares common prejudices of the time. The 442nd serve in Italy, then France, distinguishing themselves in skirmishes and battles; gradually and naturally, Grayson's prejudices evaporate with dawning realization that his men are better soldiers than he is. Amar, Meet and Prem go into a small town where they encounter a 'femme fatale' in the form of Ragini. Ragini is everything they had dreamed of, but she slowly turns into their worst nightmare! Faustus is a scholar at the University of Wittenberg when he earns his doctorate degree. His insatiable appetite for knowledge and power leads him to employ necromancy to conjure Mephistopheles out of hell. He bargains away his soul to Lucifer in exchange for living 24 years during which Mephistopheles will be his slave. Faustus signs the pact in his own blood and Mephistopheles reveals the works of the devil to Faustus. Using ironic and iconic excerpts from television and film from the 1960s, such as The Joker character from Batman and part of the historic footage of artist Yves Klein's painting and performance from Mondo Cane, General Idea examine the relationship between the mass media and the artist. Stockholm, Sweden. A warm summer night is torn apart by flashing lights and loud music. Trembling air full of hopes and expectations. Four people end up at the same place for the same reason, because the night. When former comedian Mark McCarthy is faced with a rare form of cancer, he hires a young, impressionable cameraman to document his crude and comical lessons on what it means to be a man for his unborn son. When his long-lost outlaw father returns, Tommy "White Knife" Stockburn goes on an adventure-filled journey across the Old West with his five brothers. A stubbornly traditional eighty-year-old farmer - whose social attitudes verge on the prehistoric - raises hell when he is forced to move in with his sadsack, city-dwelling son and domineering daughter-in-law. A kitten who is being tormented by a bulldog finds a savior in a black cat (from the "Black Cat Bad Luck Company") who merely has to cross the dog's path for something very unlucky to happen to the bully. A young married woman from Montreal's Orthodox Jewish community finds freedom from the strictures of her faith through her relationship with a young man who is mourning the death of his estranged father. A dissatisfied young woman's quest for improvement begins when she discovers a self-help book titled "Perfect Thoughts." Davy and Ally have to re-learn how to live life in Edinburgh after coming home from serving in Afghanistan. Both struggle to learn to live a life outside the army and to deal with the everyday struggles of family, jobs and relationships. Sunshine on Leith is based on the sensational stage hit of the same name, featuring music by pop-folk band The Proclaimers. The arrival of a handsome new farmhand threatens the balance between a farmer and his daughter. Coach Banks (Robert Townsend) is used to calling all the shots for his championship high school basketball team and in his own love life. But that's about to change when he meets, Talisa McCoy (Salli Richardson-Whitfield), the mother of a star player, new to Jackson high. She's a beautiful, strong-willed single mom, with her own ideas on a winning team...and the perfect man. Now, this coach will have to learn a few new plays if he's going to stay in the game. When someone murders his beloved cat, Clinton, an adult child, demands justice. Taking it upon himself to solve the case, he teams up with an unlikely ally, Greta, and the two set out to find the culprit lurking in their small suburban town. But as Clinton searches for the truth, he begins to uncover a conspiracy that goes far deeper than he anticipated. It tells the story of Gonzalo and Valentina, a couple who have spent several years together and who run a magical hotel in Isla Margarita: the Just For Two. In an experimental comedy blending wit with intimacy, we follow two characters as they film their way through Paris. The Tanita Corporation has developed the world's first body fat measuring device. The company itself also has many overweight employees. Because of this, the company finds it difficult to persuade perspective customers to buy their product. Company President Unosuke Tanida (Masao Kusakari) then orders all of his employees to go on diet. Vice President Konosuke (Kenta Hamano) hires nutritionist Nanako (Yuka) to oversee the project. Employees are to eat twice at a company restaurant, but problems arise in sequential order. With Nanako's magic recipe, employees at the company begins to see results. Five people who never met are convened by a notary for the reading of a will, and learn they are all brothers and sisters, children of the same father. They'll share a large inheritance if they can deliver the ashes to their father's favorite lake in Arizona. A doctor hires an escort to seduce her husband, whom she suspects of cheating, though unforeseen events put the family in danger. Franky and his best mate Dazza travel in a drug-laden campervan from the western outskirts of Sydney to Uluru so that Dazza's foul-mouthed girlfriend, Shazza, can be reunited with the dying mother she hasn't seen since she was three. A generation is caught between image and the search for authenticity. The psychoanalyst Ines intends not to be lovingly involved with anyone else. However, she ends up falling in love with two men at the same time, unaware that they are father and son. A romantic reimagining of William Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream set against the turbulent backdrops of the 1962 Argentinian military coup and the 1982 war for the Falkland Islands. Yamaho Yama is a 2012 Telugu film starring Sairam Shankar, Parvati Melton, Srihari and Sanjjanaa and directed by Y. Jitender. G. Vijay Kumar produced this film for GVK Arts. Mahathi provided the music. Editing was by Marthand K During the holidays a recent widower and struggling children's author makes one last push for his career while trying to take care of his two little girls. A young writer begins an affair with an older woman from France whose open marriage to a diplomat dictates that they can meet only between the hours of 5 p.m. to 7 p.m. A young couple discovers a secret room filled with cash while house-sitting for rich friends who die while out of the country. A motley crew of aspiring performers come under the guidance of an eccentric and volatile acting coach. Satou Ichirou once called himself 'Maryuuin Kouga' and behaved as if he were a hero in a fantasy world. His strange behavior caused his classmates to bully him and he left the school. At his new school, he tries to behave like a normal boy, but one day he meets a girl who cosplays with a blue cape. She calls herself "a researcher traveling from the outer world to search for the 'Dragon Terminal'". At first, Ichirou rejects the girl, Satou Ryouko, because her behavior reminds him of his embarrassing past, but he changes his mind after seeing her getting bullied. In order to bring Ryouko back to real life, Ichirou accepts her and his past and begins the final battle as Maryuuin Kouga. Templeton has relationships with three different women while searching for love. Recently released from prison, French chef Jacques pursues an obsession -- to leave his past behind and work for the great British chef Victor Ellwood. He knows Victor had an affair with his mother and may even be his dad. Working for iron-fisted Victor is back-breaking, but his existence is softened by the presence of a curious girl living in the downstairs flat. As he falls in love with her, he realises she not only has an aversion to restaurants, but food of all kinds. Is her eating disorder a force too resilient for anything, even love to cure? THE STRANGE AND UNUSUAL is an award wining Comedy/Mockumentary from Strawhouse Pictures. After 4 less than mediocre seasons on TV, a supernatural reality show called The Strange and Unusual is being canceled. With only one episode left to shoot, the show's desperate producer teams up with a dysfunctional crew to give the network a series finale they won't forget. An undercover police officer named Rock Keats befriends a drug dealer and car thief named Archie Moses in a bid to catch the villainous drug lord Frank Coltan. But the only problem is that Keats is a cop, his real name is Jack Carter, and he is working undercover with the LAPD to bust Moses and Colton at a sting operation the LAPD has set up. When the Fist found a mystical gold fleece jacket, he became the biggest porn star of the 1970s. But in the '80s, he's on the cusp of eviction from a run-down studio apartment, having lost his gold fleece and his mojo along with it. When a local street thug named Superfly enters the diner where Fist works, robbing his customers, Fist and friends fight back. And thus begins a wild adventure, as Superfly's bosses come to collect from Fist, sending him on a journey that unravels a conspiracy to sell meat pumped full of estrogen, which threatens to emasculate men. A mysterious virus hits an isolated elementary school, transforming the kids into a feral swarm of mass savages. An unlikely hero must lead a motley band of teachers in the fight of their lives. The life of a sub-proletarian boy in Rome through the 70S and 80s, choosing his own path with his lifetimes friends and family.  Frank, an average and employed middle class man, lets his gambling problem drag him down until he becomes the womanizing, crack smoking, pan handling bum known on the streets as Sparky. A bride-to-be is forced to reevaluate her life when she reunites with her family in Jordan and finds herself confronted with the aftermath of her parents' divorce.  Almost 20 years after the death of legendary comedian Bill Hicks, actor A.J. Moorehead performs a feature-length special in-character as the great man. Filmed on location at the ACME Comedy Theater in Hollywood.  A hard-luck limo driver struggling to go straight and pay off a debt to his bookie takes on a job with a crazed passenger whose sought-after ledger implicates some seriously dangerous criminals. Geraldine is a fairy who lost their wings by using unconventional methods in their missions. His last chance to retrieve them will be the mission "Julia". LITTLE BUDDHO is a dark ethnic comedy about Montenegrin teenager who is sent to Serbia in order to evade blood-feud caused by his father's reckless behavior. Little does he know that even greater dangers await for him. In Belgrade he will face both the avengers who went after him and this metropolis' very own nightlife and foxy ladies. And in cities like Belgrade - women and nightlife can be deadlier than a bullet. People of Montenegro are known for their specific mentality and system of values, not unlike Sicilians, Corsicans or Cretans. Adam (Robin Nielsen) works as a junior associate for a large Toronto law firm. When a business trip takes him to his hometown of Fernie, he reunites with his old friends, Jason (Viv Leacock) and Theo (James Wallis). Adam gets more than he bargained for when he finds out that, due to a series of terrible business decisions, Theo's ski waxing business "Waxopolis" is in serious financial trouble and at risk of being taken over by an evil developer. The three guys hatch a plan to throw a massive fundraising party to try and save the business. But, with the developer and his son on their back, party permit hassles, and a Sasquatch on the loose, will they be able to pull it off?  Claire is about to get married and she goes to Las Vegas with her sister and two friends for her bachelorette party. Things quickly spiral out of control. For years, Martin has been working on his great play about cloud castles, flying pirates and a feisty princess. His secret role model for the leading character is his good friend Isabel, a cheeky young woman who is waging war on genetically modified seeds around the world. And she is leaving tomorrow to go to the middle of Africa for the next three years. After years of separation, Irina and her minister brother, Paul, reunite in New Orleans in this erotic tale of the supernatural. When zoologists capture a wild panther, Irina is drawn to the cat -- and the zoo curator is drawn to her. Soon, Irina's brother will have to reveal the family secret: that when sexually aroused, they turn into predatory jungle cats. Nelson is a man devoted to his advertising career in San Francisco. One day, while taking a driving test at the DMV, he meets Sara. She is very different from the other women in his life. Nelson causes her to miss out on taking the test and later that day she tracks him down. One thing leads to another and Nelson ends up living with her through a November that will change his life forever. MASTODON's The Workhorse Chronicles, the band's first official DVD release, is a first-hand account of the blood, sweat and tears that have gone into making this mammoth band you know today. Go behind the scenes in over three hours of hand-selected footage from the band's personal video archives. The Workhorse Chronicles contains in-depth interviews with each band member and a career spanning range of live performances - including rare footage of the band in their initial form as a five piece through to sold-out clubs worldwide. The Workhorse Chronicles delves deep into the core of MASTODON, exposing all that is loved and respected about this band. Zou Zou tries to help her childhood friend prove his innocence after he's accused of murder. Adam Jones is a Chef who destroyed his career with drugs and diva behavior. He cleans up and returns to London, determined to redeem himself by spearheading a top restaurant that can gain three Michelin stars. An American sniper and his spotter engage in a deadly cat-and-mouse game with an Iraqi sniper. here is a bunch of four friends (Varun Sandesh, Sundeep Kishan, Naveen and Rakesh) are desperate for quick money. The only way of making money is to rob a bank. They devise a plan and get into a bank wearing masks and carrying fake guns. They take the money and are about to escape. A surprise followed by police round-up leads to a complicated situation. The rest of the story is all about how these four turn virtuous and victorious at the end Chuyin Venegas and Cornelio Barraza were the biggest stars of popular music and cinema of the 80's. "The Goldfinches of Rosarito" had no equal as musical superstars, but after ten years of success, they parted ways. Now held in a mansion in Paris, Chuyin is launching  a new album and international tour. But the ghosts of the past and the loneliness will make him change his solo plans and return to the seaside village where he and Cornelius met as children, to live the last musical adventureof  "The Goldfinches of Rosarito". Directed by Vanessa Hope In the dead of winter, Kat and Rose, two very different girls, find themselves spending winter break at their prestigious prep school. What they don't know is that Kat is being stalked by an evil entity, and their lives are about to change forever. Meanwhile, Joan, a young, troubled woman, makes her way across a frozen landscape towards the school. But why? Three very different people in their twenties try to figure out love, sex, identity and friendship in Los Angeles. Young-in and his colleague Seung-dae are a pair of professional bagmen working for various lobbyists in finance, media and a host of other industries requiring political favors. Feeling guilty about his work, Seung-dae tells Young-in he plans on blowing the whistle on his boss Han's illegal activities. Four intimate friends who dream to make a film.  Plot  The film traces the journey of four friends as they strive to give life to their dream cinema. And how their lives are upturned as the cinema becomes their life. New girl Cassie (Brandon Alexander III) and outcast Maggie (Dudley Beene) are easily the most awkward girls in high school. Together, they decide the way to win the hearts of the cute boys and popular girls is to come in first at the school talent show. But rivals Heather, Other Heather, and their popular boyfriends Brett and Dirk will stop at nothing to keep our heroes the laughing stock of the school. It's going to take makeovers, courage, and maybe even a little rapping to beat them in true 80s style. The story of a leading political man, suddenly telling "all the truth" after a serious illness and therefore overwhelming lifes of anyone surrounding him... The year is 1977 and the Black Dawn is putting its diabolical plan to resurrect Count Dracula into motion. Victoria Van Helsing and Patricia Pennyweather must battle the Black Dawn, the mysterious T.R.A. and even Count Dracula himself to save the world. An opera troupe in a small town decides to perform Mozart's Don Giovanni. The view behind the scenes uncovers the world of opera without the glitter. A tale of love and disappointment, about music and passionate love-making and about people that live their lives in spite of the opera. An Oscar-winning writer in a slump leaves Hollywood to teach screenwriting at a college on the East Coast, where he falls for a single mom taking classes there. The trio of Dharam, Paramveer and Gajodhar reunite, this time in the UK. Paramveer opens up the 'Yamla Pagla Deewana' club and re-encounters a visit with Dharam and Gajodhar, after their last visit to Canada. Now, the trio are back with double the fun, double the action, and double the romance, with Suman and Paramveer's love Reet. When the old-old-old-fashioned vampire Vlad arrives at the hotel for an impromptu family get-together, Hotel Transylvania is in for a collision of supernatural old-school and modern day cool. A bullied teen stumbles into possession of a top-secret government formula that turns his dog invisible and gives it the power of speech. A mysterious talking cat uses its powers of communication to enrich the lives of two different families, and bring them together. Because of a technical defect an American bomber team mistakenly orders the destruction of Moscow. The President of the United States has but little time to prevent an atomic catastrophe from occurring. A documentary chronicle of one of our greatest directors. A down and out young writer and a colorful private detective solve several cases during one eventful weekend in New York City.  Following the love lives of different types of men in Amsterdam. Just by watching Lupe stuck at home in her robe and slippers, no one would will guess that in the 80's she was a rock star. Gone are the times of concerts, fame and success. Agoraphobia does not let her leave home. She depends entirely on Paquita, his mother, a superstitious Mexican, with a huge heart, which not only takes care of his daughter but also her teenage grandson. The problem is that Paquita is running out of time and she doesn't  want to leave without getting her daughter back. Helena, a beautiful immigrant actress/model, way too old for modeling and too old for acting without credits finally lands a big job but overseas. Out of desperation and advice of her LA friends she commits a federal fraud to get her traveling documents. To escape jail time she gives out names. In this comedic/dramatic piece as she is still wondering where her career is going she needs to watch over her back wondering if she is going to end up getting whacked by the people she ratted out. A young man persuades his younger brother into robbing a chain of houses with them. Unfortunately for them, one of the houses on their list belongs to a sadistic serial killer. A story about the Latvian basketball team, which won the first-ever European Championships in 1935 and its enthusiastic head coach Valdemars Baumanis. A young man meets a 23-year-old cancer patient on the way to the park and disrupts her plan to commit suicide. Inspired by a less-than-positive past relationship and Woody Allen's "anti-characters", this film dares to explore what happens when your boyfriend treats you like a wench, you're morbidly afraid of bedbugs, you're coerced into making illuminated underwear, and you're also the caterer on an indie film set... which also happens to be your apartment. With a pit bull's passive aggressiveness, Lee pokes fun at pretentious DIY video-making culture by creating a character who is both an unwilling participant and an annoyed observer of a ridiculous project that will surely bring her very little in return, let alone love. Regular guy Ed (Marcus Carroll) awakes one morning to find that his Grandmother has become one of the living dead. While trapped in his home Ed tries to survive the day, keep his house zombie free, stay alive and save the day. The film focuses on the tumultuous romance in the lives of four women in The Hague. Teenage daughter Eva, her mother Judith, aunt Barbara and older sister Anna make it under one roof Hague together a nice game of. They are beautiful, courageous and sensible, but sometimes they just do not know in a world full of tender love, serial dating, slaked lust, affairs, children's desires and indestructible old loves. When Brian's new girlfriend, a stand-up comedian, suddenly disappears, he enlists the help of his broken-hearted best friend and imaginary characters from a cliche romantic comedy to find her. Three gangster groups made up of Malay, Chinese and Indian, for the past 50 years, has ruled a local town in Malaysia. After the three leaders mysteriously die, each of their sons begins to feel a growing hatred towards each other, and tries to take over their respective territory. By escaping from the hands of the Angel of Death, the three leaders return from grave to save their children from a bloody fate at the hands of their rivals. In a classic case of 'wrong place, wrong time' a petty thief named Te Sai (Namewee) becomes their only hope. Can the most unlikely hero save the town from bloodshed on the country's faithful independence day? story of a rock singer who want to produce a music video of his own but does not have the budget for it. At the same time, Saiful, an editor in his late 20's, is harbouring a secret crush towards his female colleague named Ros. Saiful becomes jealous when his boss, Che Wan, also becomes interested in Ros. Strange events begin happening when Saiful finds a mysterious necklace. Ros becomes possessed when she rejects Saiful's attempts to give her the necklace, while the other workers are disturbed by the evil powers of the necklace... Leftwings is a film muzikal rock. Tells the story of four young people setting up an indie band to make rock band WINGS as their idol. They want to fight for the ideals aspiring muzik track "rock" and Cuba also create a name in the mainstream industry. They also want to put dreams into coatings to their idol band, WINGS by naming them as LEFTWINGS bands, namely the band's "left wing" to WINGS. Ben and Annie are a young couple on a weekend trip to Annie's small North Carolina hometown who, after meeting a charming old friend, embark on an impromptu 'Bigfoot hunt' that threatens both their relationship and their lives. A bottle with an evil spirit trapped inside accidentally dropped into a lake at a resort. Few years later, Mawar overtakes the resort and there are mysterious things happen. Fauzi who just lost his wife and daughter in a fatal accident comes to this resort for holiday. Mawar tries to help him getting rid of his depression. However, the invasion of Hantu Air troubles the resort customers continuously. You can't choose your family - which is why Conrad limits his visits with his parents to an absolute minimum. When venomous, irritable Carl injures himself seriously in a fall, his reluctant son Conrad and the butt-of-all-jokes Jonas has no choice but to move back into his old childhood room. Three generations under one roof: a chance for reconciliation - or a total disaster? Two drunk parents attempt to hide their ever increasing financial difficulties from their daughter and social circle through elaborate neighborhood schemes. Tom and Anna Wright, a young American couple, fall into severe debt while renovating Anna's family home in London. As the couple faces the loss of their dream to have a house and start a family, they discover that the tenant in the apartment below them is dead, and he's left behind a stash of cash--$400,000 worth. Though initially hesitant, Tom and Anna decide that the plan is simple: all they have to do is quietly take the money and use only what's necessary to get them out of debt. But when they start spending the money and can't seem to stop, they find themselves the target of a deadly adversary--the thief who stole it--and that's when very bad things start happening to good people. A humble housewife becomes an assassin for money, gaining self-confidence and rebuilding her life. A trio of brainboxes create a cell phone chip that allows telepathic communication. But when the experiment goes wrong and power falls into the wrong hands, the results are terrifying. An odd pregnant girl disrupts the lives of her campy recovering alcoholic mother and vulgar lesbian sister during a nervous breakdown. When Thomas Platz is suddenly made the guardian of a baby - then pretends to be its real father in order to win back Marie, the girlfriend who dumped him a year before. Stuck between staying a man-child forever, and proving he is ready to take the next steps of marriage and family with the love of his life, Thomas goes on an unexpectedly hilarious adventure getting the girl of his dreams to believe he has changed. "Mike Case in: The Big Kiss Off" is about Mike Case, a low-rent private detective who works out of his car and advertises on Craigslist. When hired by the sexy yet unstable socialite Victoria Billows to find her missing husband, Lennie, Mike finds himself face to face with raving lunatics, new age con artists, and, of course, beautiful women. Bharatiya is a story set in a village called "ADNIDE" on the borders of Maharashtra and Karnataka. As part of the fiction, the narrative details the alienation of the village folk from the mainstream because of the lack of amenities. The villagers are brought over for votes by politicians from both sides of the border but when it comes to fulfilling promises or furthering development of the village, the politicians turn a blind eye. Mitraillette is 12 years old and lives in Rose City, a housing estate he would not leave for anything. His whole world comprises his family, especially his 16 year-old cousin Isma, who has taken a fancy to Narcisse, the local crime boss. His older brother Djibril is 22, a student at the Sorbonne who dreams of becoming a lawyer. As for Mitraillette, he has his eye on Oceane, the most beautiful girl in his school... A young bass player and his driver cross Iceland to be auditioned by the singer Bjork. Writer Ernest Hemingway begins a romance with fellow scribe Martha Gellhorn. Comedy starring Nikita Anand, Kurush Deboo and Dinesh Hingoo During a long, hot summer in seventies London, young neighbors Holly and Marina make a childhood pact to be friends forever. For Marina, troubled, fiercely independent, determined to try everything, Holly stays the only constant in a life of divorcing parents, experimental drugs and fashionable self-destruction. But for Holly, a friendship that has never been equal gradually starts to feel like a trap. The elections are approaching and the largest opposition party in the country do not look good. Its leader, Enrico Oliveri can not stand the pressure and disappears. Fearing a scandal, the eminence grise of the party had brought into play the twin brother of the politician. Even if looks like two drops of water with his brother Giovanni may have a different personality. His ideas are innovative and direct approach to get the party in the polls ... A young and naive college art student becomes obsessed with assuming the identity and personality of a departed coed who used to live in her room, and in so doing causes complications that result in two men, a student and her art professor, lusting after her. The whole family is reunited when Sofia comes back for his father's funeral. Quickly, inner problems are revealed. A man attempts to make a new start in Atlantic City with the help of his daughter and a new business partner. Edmond, a man in his sixties whose wife has recently passed away, is told about a secret establishment where men can spend an entire night in bed alongside beautiful, sleeping young women, who stretch, roll over and dream, but never awaken. Bedazzled by their seductive yet innocent tenderness, but distressed about the reason for their deep sleep, he delves into the mystery of the house of sleeping beauties. During the 1980s, a failed stand-up comedian is driven insane and turns to a life of crime and chaos in Gotham City while becoming an infamous psychopathic crime figure. The fourth addition to the franchise sees the return of the army boys including Sergeant Ong, Lobang, Ken Chow and Aloysius, joined by a new female officer, as they are called back for in-camp training under the Armoured Formation of the Singapore Armed Forces. Hilarious situations happen when they are back training together and their military roles reversed. Their brotherhood is also put to the test when new enemy threats arise. Down on his luck in the love department, a man lies about his identity to get closer to the woman of his dreams. Unfortunately, the little white lie that brings them together may ultimately tear them apart. The film is about the entangled stories of a group of young people who happen to be in a bar in Puerto Princessa, Palawan on the eve of All Souls' Day. As midnight approaches, we become complicit as each of them takes the challenge of the Pangangaluluwa, a seemingly innocent Palawan tradition of honoring the dead by stealing something from the living. A young guitarist battles with crabs; an Indian guy gets caught in a crossfire; a hot cougar meets her match; Cosplayers battle for road supremacy; a religious woman finds true faith in a strange kiss; and a bartender prepares a drink that results in the most bitter of brews. The movie holds up a mirror to this dark night and bear witness to the inevitable consequences that mark the choices of the young A world-class marathon becomes the catalyst of clashes between the guests of a women's and a men's dormitory. Armed with toy machineguns and pistols, the young people challenge each other in a breathless race through the city streets. For one of the girls, the battle ends on the beach, where she watches an amazing event take place. Jane, a die-hard fan, wants to win tickets to Billy Fernandez's concert. To do this she must answer the question, "What would you do if it was the end of the world?" In search for this answer she meets different people with different love stories: a 40-year old virgin named Virgie who meets a gigolo named Charles; a hopeless romantic secretary, Barbara who is helping her boss, Ken with "personal issues"; Belle who is in love with her gay best-friend, Butch, an active-executive; Verna who falls in love with a waiter named Elvis in Vietnam; Jomar who is trying to court Ayie with the help of a 35 year old mentally-challenged man named Pipoy; Patty who traces her first love, Alvin to become a model for her company. Everyone thinks of Santa Claus as a magical figure without flaws, but the men who keep his legend alive, real-bearded professional Santas, are nothing like the jolly ol' Saint Nick we've all grown up knowing. In reality, the mall Santa in your cherished children's photo has problems just like the rest of us. Even the jolliest of men fall victim to divorce, job loss, insecurity and even the occasional hangover. 'I Am Santa Claus' is a documentary that follows the lives of five real-bearded professional Santa Clauses as they anticipate and prepare the coming holiday season while showing them for who they actually are flawed, flesh and blood men who feel an overbearing responsibility to protect the integrity of the spotless, untarnished reputation of the "Red Suit." A documentary that explores the life of one of the world's most populated cities from its streets. Shot in 2009-2012 (before and during the Egyptian revolution, and ending with the most recent presidential elections), the film explores the country's collective identity, inherent struggles, and the sentiments that lead through the historic changes taking place in Egypt today. For his third documentary, Egyptian/ American filmmaker Sherief Elkatsha rides through the congested streets alongside a diverse cast of characters-from taxi drivers to ambulances, from traffic cops to private citizens-capturing the unspoken codes of conduct, frustrations, humor, fatalism, and life-or-death decisions of driving in a city where the only rule is: there are no rules. Charming melodrama by the Vitagraph Company about the friendship between a boy (Bobby Connelly) and the grumpy Captain Barnacle(William Shea). This seems to be the first film in a short-lived Captain Barnacle series that Vitagraph started at the beginning of 1917. Young Bobby Connelly was one of the first star child actors and his character Sonny Boy links the two series he did for Vitagraph, the "Sonny Jim" series from 1914 to 1915 and the "Bobby" series in 1917. When tragedy rocks Blackfoot High, rebellious outsider Maddy Killian shocks the student body by joining the cheerleading squad. This decision drives a rift between Maddy and her ex-girlfriend Leena Miller -- a loner who claims to practice the dark arts. After a confrontation with the football team, Maddy and her new cheerleader friends are sent on a supernatural roller coaster ride which leaves a path of destruction none of them may be able to escape. Remake of their own 2001 feature film. A divorced father discovers that his 12-year-old son's new stepfather is not what he made himself out to be. "The Toothbrush" fetishizes an oral essential. The short film is part of the series Patents, presented by Nowness. An Italian composer in crisis takes a break in Valencia, where he takes a shine to a famous singer. An 18-year-old high school girl is left at home by her parents and decides to have a slumber party. Meanwhile, a mass murderer with a propensity for power tools has escaped from prison, and eventually makes his way to the party where the guests begin dropping off one by one.  The story begins with the establishment of the three different worlds apart, bound to meet for an adventure like no other. The humble family-oriented story of Enteng Kabisote, a low-profile technician married to the beautiful fairy princesss of Encantasia, Faye; The battles of the Agimat, the brave village Warrior Hero of Amuleto; and the high tech-yuppie Kingdom of Diwatara ruled by Princess Angelina Kalinisan-Orteza, also known in the world as "AKO" where she leads an environmental advocacy organization. Lester Burnham, a depressed suburban father in a mid-life crisis, decides to turn his hectic life around after developing an infatuation with his daughter's attractive friend. Silvi is in her late forties. Her husband has just left her. Until this point, she was fairly content with her life, but now everything is in ruins. A friend advises her to make a fresh start. But how is that supposed to work? Especially if you see yourself as a team player and there's no team in sight you would want to join. Driven by a sense of longing, helplessness and curiosity, Silvi tries to make new friends and, in her own, touchingly earnest but also naive and charmingly uninhibited way, starts to take control of her life. Anonymous sex, cosy romanticism and bondage games catapult her from one emotional disaster to the next. But, thankfully, Silvi is indestructible. A brokenhearted woman teams up with her ex-boyfriend to try and stop the hitman she accidentally hired to kill him. A grand and adventurous journey of discovery to the last white areas of the world map. But no matter how far we go and how hard we try to find answers, we ultimately meet ourselves and our own transience. When three parents discover their daughters' pact to lose their virginity at prom, they launch a covert one-night operation to stop the teens from sealing the deal. During a wild weekend in Las Vegas, four young friends get into trouble with a loan shark and must skip town in a hurry. But gambling problems may be the least of their worries after they get stranded in the Nevada desert. One of the guys discovers a mysterious metal fragment, then promptly goes missing during the night. When the remaining three catch up with their lost friend, there's something different about him. As his condition worsens, the others realize that something unearthly might be stalking them in the desert. Video recording of a 1978 New York Shakespeare Festival performance. Directed for stage by Wilford Leach and videotaped by Jaime Caro. Drew is a nerdy teacher that can't even control the students in her classroom. When threatened by the classroom bully, Drew does what she knows best... back down. Not even words of wisdom from the principal can muster a show of strength from a wimp who seems destined for a second-rate life. And this is before the zombie apocalypse. With populations being overrun by the rapidly spreading plague of zombies, Drew flees to the sanctuary of the country where she is quickly overcome by a lack of survival skills, the relentless Texas heat and, of course, zombies. But Drew must learn that that running from her problems is much like running from zombies. They find you. They always find you. Along her odyssey, Drew encounters a cast of characters that both help and hamper her path to finding the strength within herself that will make or break her ability to survive these terrible new times of unending death... and her annoying new companions. On the run after accidentally shipping nuclear fusion triggers to Malawi, two AWOL soldiers are mistaken as war heroes and dragged into the politics of a small town. Barry is a talented mechanic and family man whose life is torn apart on the eve of a zombie apocalypse. His sister, Brooke, is kidnapped by a sinister team of gas-mask wearing soldiers & experimented on by a psychotic doctor. While Brooke plans her escape Barry goes out on the road to find her & teams up with Benny, a fellow survivor - together they must arm themselves and prepare to battle their way through hordes of flesh-eating monsters in a harsh Australian bushland. From the land of early Peter Jackson comes another Braindead movie in bad taste. It's the third day of shooting the low budget horror 'Tonight They Come' on location in the wilds of New Zealand. Director SMP is already beside himself having to work with a self-obsessed leading man and a bimbo actress when into his line of fire comes a new runner, wannabe screenwriter Wesley Pennington. Clearly an accident-prone nerd, Wesley nevertheless tries his best to fit in with the crazed cast and demented crew while falling head over heels for Susan, the set caterer. But something nasty has entered the local water supply and suddenly the zombie extras start acting like genuine members of the living dead, gore stunts looks even more authentic and actual severed limbs fly. Reel life turns real as Wesley attempts to save the day while ensuring his latest script will get made. In 1939, a group of African American intellectuals come up with an ingenious and unlikely response to Jim Crow America -- leave the planet and populate Mars. Using technology created by George Washington Carver, a three-person crew (plus one rambunctious robot) lift-off in Earth's first working spaceship on a mission that will take them to a world not unlike present-day America. Their spacey adventure illuminates some hard truths about American culture, and threatens to undermine the time-line of history along the way. The two 15-year-old girls Zoe and Asal are best friends. They are spending their last summer holidays together before the earnestness of life begins. But this summer their friendship is put to the test by the arrival of a backpacker whose name is Kai.  Kelly, Dan and Louis are students at a prestigious business school, destined to become tomorrow's elite. The industrious trio are determined to start putting their education into practise from the off in an attempt to make as much money as they can from their fellow students. Working on the theory that relationships between the sexes can be regulated by market principles, they begin to inflate the popularity of certain individuals artificially, by hiring beautiful and sexy off-campus women as their dates for exclusive and riotous college parties. However their perfect business model soon spirals out of control as their moneymaking scheme takes off in a big way across campus. After her husband, Carl, suddenly leaves, Joline travels from New York to Texas to track him down. Although Joline tries to remain upbeat, she is discouraged when she discovers that Carl already has a new girlfriend, the lovely Carmen. Familiarizing herself with Carl's new home and friends, Joline gets company in the form of her brother, Jay. Will Joline win Carl back, or are there other romantic possibilities on her horizon? High school guidance counselor Jeff, and his platonic friend and co-worker Anne are responsible, well intentioned, kind... and boring. They frustratingly watch on as their peers find love and companionship, while they continue to fail in spectacular fashion when it comes to romance. As they reach their loneliness breaking point they make a pact to forgo their familiar, vanilla personas in exchange for their unexplored, confident alter egos. They wave goodbye to Jeff's awkward all-male book club and Anne's flailing attempts to catch the eye of Jeff's sexy neighbor Max, and say hello to raucous summer nights filled with booze, dancing, and sex. Naturally things don't exactly go according to plan. Shake, Rattle and Roll 14 : The Invasion is a 2012 science fiction horror film directed by Chito S. Rono. The film stars an ensemble casts including Janice de Belen, Herbert Bautista, Dennis Trillo, Lovi Poe, Paulo Avelino, Martin Escudero and Vhong Navarro.  The film was produced by Regal Entertainment, Inc. The film is an official entry in the Metro Manila Film Festival and the film's scheduled release is on December 25, 2012 in Philippine Cinemas nationwide. This fourteenth installment also serves as the Most Independent throughout the entire series for its sole director, Chito S. Rono.  This Installment features the comeback of Janice de Belen and Herbert Bautista which both starred in past Shake, Rattle and Roll installments, especially Shake, Rattle and Roll I which included both of them but in different episodes. It is the journey of an educated man from Mexico City to the center of the United States, with its rigid society, its frigid winter, but most of all, it is an inner journey to face the contradictions between his love for his wife and the macho baggage he carries with him. It is a voyage of growth, funny and painful. Buddy is an abandoned young cocker spaniel waiting dejectedly in his cage for a kind, new owner to adopt him. Suddenly, Billy, a little boy whose hair is as red as Buddy's, appears. It's love at first sight and the beginning of a great friendship. But for Billy's parents, this is where the trouble begins. A film by Jesus del Cerro. Julia, Lucas, Aaron, Nora and Lola  live in a building in the chaotic Mexico City,  . Everything changes when Felix moves to the unoccupied apartment next to them. Felix comes to know their neighbors and this changes the dynamics of the lives of the characters. Soof is reaching 40 and has everything she ever wanted: three children, a small catering business, a sweet husband Kasper and a lovely home. Until she starts asking herself: 'is this all there is'? A sport like football is primarily a passionate celebration, but one that is so massive (economically, politically and socially) that it, of course, also brings many problems. Olallo Rubio's third documentary (and fourth film in total), Ilusion Nacional, is a take on how the world's most popular sport relates to Mexican society and politics. Two brothers become rivals in the affections of the same woman. Their rivalry tears them apart, and causes one of them to be heartbroken. But the two are forced to reunite in order to protect their family from a greedy businessman. Katelin Ballantine, a struggling movie producer in search of an investor, reluctantly follows the promise of money into Dublin's drug underworld where she witnesses a botched murder attempt. Forced to finish the job, she is blackmailed into killing for Edmund Murren, a small time, ruthless drug supplier hell bent on becoming top dog. Two years later, Katelin has put a who's who list of drug bosses six feet under and uses her producer role to maintain a low profile. But, when a seemingly simple job unexpectedly spirals out of control, and her identity becomes known to Murren's remaining ambitious and vengeful rivals, she is cut loose. Now the target, and with family in the line of fire, Katelin must adapt to survive the onslaught of the drug underworld as the thin veil masking her double life slips away. Ailing, egotistical and sexually perverted rock-star Bobby Barzell (who sold his soul for wealth and rock and roll stardom) awaits a liver transplant from a psychotic fugitive of the law; as a vengeful, demonic alien tries to collect a past debt.  Feature length documentary examining the troubled life and tragic death of college football standout and talented NFL running back Lawrence Phillips, whose scars of childhood abuse and abandonment haunted him throughout his career. This is Brendon Grimshaw's love story with Moyenne Island. We decided to distribute it openly so that his story may be known to as many people as possible and so that we may thank him in our thoughts and in our hearts while he is still alive. Brendon has provided us with an example of why not all hope is loss in what at times seems an overwhelmingly mad world... The story is set in the backdrop of a mass marriage ceremony, Raised to believe in performance and in the idea that all abilities must be optimized, Emma is a young, methodical woman who appears determined and relatively sure of herself. But two consecutive failures (real or imagined) lead her to believe that she has a real problem: she is useless in bed. Because she is more fragile than she appears, Emma hence decides to become... the best lay in Paris! She then sets out on a formidable plan of action (theory, practical, validation of acquired knowledge), which soon provokes a series of misunderstandings and disasters within her immediate vicinity. For one thing, her method doesn't turn out to be really adapted to her field of investigation. And Emma has probably also forgotten a little detail: love doesn't obey any plan. In this absurd and nutty quest, Emma will learn to let go, to lose control, and, to finally win her freedom. A youth accused of the murder of his mother refuses to speak to the police. Is he really the killer? Kanna Seto lost her childhood friend Haruta in a car accident when she was a freshman in high school. Carrying the emotional pain from that incident throughout her life, Kanna is still wounded as an adult. Kanna then meets Roku Akazawa, who also carries a painful experience from his past. When Roku was an elementary school student, a girl who was with him got into an accident and died. Because of that incident, Roku carries a heavy sense of guilt. When they meet, time, frozen since that day, begins to tick again. Comedy - A self-anointed 'renegade' male flight attendant must save the day when the airline he works for tries to eliminate flight attendants as a cost-cutting measure. -  Stanley Tucci, Rebecca Romijn, Jayma Mays The film takes place in Slovenia today. Johan (44), is a factory worker, who dreams of a dignified life for himself and his family. His best friend Janez introduces him to Zlatko, who doesn't take bluetouth away from his ear, and he offers him a quick profit, better job and a raise. Accepting the offer Johan robs his wife's mother, who cheers for Manchester United, and his life after that moves downhill. In a dystopian future, a totalitarian regime maintains peace by subduing the populace with a drug, and displays of emotion are punishable by death. A man in charge of enforcing the law rises to overthrow the system. This film is about a family that lives in three different houses in one night when the rain is falling. In each of the houses there's an unrevealed secret, they have their own emotion just like what we feel every time we enter a different house. When the eccentric cast of a mid-90s Public Access show in Detroit reunite after 20 years to make a new episode, they are forced to take a hard look at their lives and reconcile their teenage dreams with the realities of adulthood. Lucas is a successful writer, creator of "Woman is a Goddess", a novel that makes it very successful with women. His girlfriend Sandy is a millionaire with whom he is about to get engaged. Despite being committed, Lucas continues his love affairs ... and the engagement party, Sandy catches him kissing another woman. After a heated argument, Sandy decides to forgive him on the condition take counseling. Therapy which gives the result as a diagnostic: Sex Addiction! and the only solution is the temporary isolation of Lucas. Dagoberto, its editor, offers his cabin in the woods to get cured and finished his new novel, and the urgency to get something fresh to the market. So Lucas is recast in a cabin in the woods, where he has no idea what is about to happen less expected, making this story has an unexpected ending! Groundbreaking transgender comedian, Ian Harvie is unafraid to joke about subjects no other comedian has ever touched. Harvie unveils his first-ever live standup comedy concert film, poking fun at topics from top surgery to his fear of public restrooms to his active sex life. Paolo needs to reach the castle of Alberto Caccia, where he was invited to spend Christmas with his family and Margherita, the ninth month of pregnancy. With them there will also be blessed, daughter of Alberto and childhood friend of Margherita, who was also pregnant. Among various mishaps and blunders, Paolo will combine another of his, coming to make everyone believe, because of a misunderstanding, that Alberto's died for his fault. Leba is a music instructor who lives in a small Lebanese town. Social pressure leads him to get married and have children. Lara, his beloved wife, births a girl, later other one and finally Ghadi, a boy with special needs related with Down Syndrome. Ghadi could have been a burden, but he is a cause of pride and joy for all of them --but a test too that proves the intolerance of other people. Barney Thomson, awkward, diffident, Glasgow barber, lives a life of desperate mediocrity and his uninteresting life is about to go from 0 to 60 in five seconds, as he enters the grotesque and comically absurd world of the serial killer. Members of a dysfunctional family settle their differences after a series of misadventures during their summer reunion A man's attempts to construct the ultimate romantic weekend backfire when his quest for perfection traps his lover in an infinite loop. High school history teacher, Ty Anderson, has a minor online communication with a teasing student which finds him immediately fired and snaps him into a psychotic killing spree, terrorizing his former female students at their slumber party. A divorced father picks up his eight-year-old daughter Lea. It seems pretty much like every second weekend, but after a while Lea can't help feeling that something isn't right. So begins a fateful journey. Early in 1939 Sir Robert Thorndyke takes aim at Adolf Hitler with a high powered rifle, but the shot misses its mark. Captured and tortured by the Gestapo and left for dead, Sir Robert makes his way back to England where he discovers the Gestapo has followed him. Knowing that his government would turn him over to German authorities, Sir Robert goes underground in his battle with his pursuers. While visiting his hometown during Christmas, a man comes face-to-face with his old high school crush whom he was best friends with - a woman whose rejection of him turned him into a ferocious womanizer. As the Best Exotic Marigold Hotel has only a single remaining vacancy - posing a rooming predicament for two fresh arrivals - Sonny pursues his expansionist dream of opening a second hotel. A 50-year-old widow who hasn't quite moved on from her husband's death convinces herself that a pop star is the reincarnation of her dead husband. But is it really all in her head? And just how far will she go to prove it isn't? Ryoro Kurojima (Sadao Abe) is the director of a Tokyo apology center. His job is to teach others how to apologize. Ryoro Kurojima solves problems by using his apology techniques on anything from simple arbitration to a national crisis. An Israeli-Lithuanian scientist is asked by a Russian oligarch to develop software that will match people around the world. Sam &amp; Fordy run a credit card fraud scheme, but when they steal from the wrong man, they find themselves threatened by sadistic gangster. They need to raise PS5m and pull off a daring diamond heist to clear their debt. In a world where women have become asexual and are no longer giving birth to males, a quiet, unassuming housekeeper named Andrew Myers finds himself at the center of a battle to keep men from going extinct.  Romy and Peewee are teenage orphans in the Philippines with an unusual job; they loot the cemeteries and steal precious belongings left for the dead. The townspeople are fed up with their disrespect for the dead that a hefty reward awaits for their capture. Desperate to flee the town, the sail to a desolated island only to encounter a greater foe - THE UNDEAD, victims of contagious alien virus that were unleashed from an ancient meteorite discovered by the obsessed American Scientist named William Seabrook. Trapped on an island and left with nothing to defend themselves, the grave bandits must use their wits to battle the swarm of flesh eating ghouls! The true story of Richard Kuklinski, the notorious contract killer and family man.  Count Floyd, the former horror host of "Monster Chiller Horror Theatre" (SCTV), takes the audience through step by step lessons on how to make the best funny home videos. As a cowardly farmer begins to fall for the mysterious new woman in town, he must put his new-found courage to the test when her husband, a notorious gun-slinger, announces his arrival. A hot-blooded student union leader falls for a state-level cricketer but his anger management issues and violent streak threatens to derail their love story . Harry Sanborn is an aged music industry exec with a fondness for younger women like Marin, his latest trophy girlfriend. Things get a little awkward when Harry suffers a heart attack at the home of Marin's mother, Erica. Left in the care of Erica and his doctor, a love triangle starts to take shape. A war photographer and absent father, who spends more time taking care of his camera than his four daughters, enjoys a happy life in the Alps with his new girlfriend. But his life is turned upside down the day that his best friend tries to reconcile him with his family by telling them a big lie.  After Using the instructions found in an old Jewish diary,  Markus and Thomas hope to gain access to a WW II underground military base formerly codenamed: Cerusit. It was used by the Nazis as a secret research institute and is shrouded in rumors to this day about the lost gold of the Third Reich. The entrance to the cave system, however, lies right within the restricted area of a U.S. military base.. the first of many problems Markus and Thomas will have to face. Milou is a football addict. His life is dedicated to his local team: Le Standard de Liege. Milou has no limit when it comes to his football club. But, when he meets Martine, he will soon find good reasons to start his football therapy.. A politically incorrect comedy that enthralls the viewer into a strategic moment in history where wrong is right and right is wrong, and ultimately answers that age-old question: Is blood really thicker than water? And, if war kills, can weed heal?! A bitter-sweet comedy about two people who wish to live life to the full despite their age. Ota is a retired high-school teacher and at this point in life has various foibles that complicate life for his son and daughter-in-law. Moreover, he has a complicated and risky eye operation ahead. That is why Ota decides that this is the time to look up Jana, the retired actress who had influenced the course of his life many years ago. However, his reunion with Jana - who lives in a retirement home - works out differently to his expectations. Although disappointed at first, it is actually this zestful lady who sets Ota in the right direction again. Thanks to Jana, Ota finds the courage to set out on an exciting road-movie trip of the kind he would never have had the courage for in his youth. Their meeting and the excursion, full of unexpected turns and new impressions, give their lives a new dimension. Three teenagers appear to have a lot of fun on the children's oncology department on the fourth floor of a large hospital. Nick (14) and Iwan (15) both lost a leg as a result of bone cancer. For their friend Olivier (16) an amputation may be the next phase. The fourth of the bunch, Pepijn (15), is so ill and weak that he often stays in his room. Friendship and a deep desire to live keeps the guys mentally balanced. And of course their interest in sexy girls makes them act like any ordinary teenager. They make jokes about their illness. They call each other "sickos". The sickos cannot walk, but with their wheelchairs they do risky stunts and organise joyrides in the corridors of the hospital. Their friendship changes when Gina (16) arrives. The boys try to seduce her, but Gina is not interested at first, until she realises that her stay in the hospital will be a lot less depressive when she has friends. Sickos is a humorous drama that deals with adolescence and chemotherapy A 35-year-old woman fakes being pregnant to fit in with her friends. Charming 60-something Jose returns to Prague after 30 years living in Mexico, though he was convinced that he would never see his hometown again. He was persuaded by his deeply religious Mexican wife Dolores, who is convinced that only a miracle that might be fulfilled by Prague's famous Infant Jesus can help their daughter Penelope get pregnant. And the ideal time for this is Christmas. And when Ruda, his friend from Prague, also insists, Jose agrees to return to the places he used to know and to the memories that they bring back - including his former Prague love. And it becomes evident that the Infant Jesus is not the only one capable of making miracles come true in Prague. Penelope's longed-for conception is definitely not the only one... Chelsea just wants to be a typical teenager, but her stepdad's life making low-budget indie horror films surrounds her with an array of wild characters that leave her embarrassed and frustrated. When she meets Danielle, a fiery young lesbian who has been rejected by her own family, they form a bond that allows Chelsea to re-evaluate her desire for a life that is nothing more than ordinary and come to appreciate her wacky family Yura and Makoto married without ever being intimate. The couple have a happy life together and they move to Makoto's hometown. There, Makoto meets Shiori, who graduated from the same school as Makoto. It turns out, Shiori, who is about to get married, has been thinking of Makoto for the last 10 years. Shiori acts upon her feelings by calling Makoto and then kissing Makoto, which Yura sees ... Live from Lexington, Kentucky, USA Keith Urban preforms to a packed house with classic hits like Stupid Boy, Days Go By, I Told You So, Shine and many more.  When obscenely rich hedge-fund manager James is convicted of fraud and sentenced to a stretch in San Quentin, the judge gives him one month to get his affairs in order. Knowing that he won't survive more than a few minutes in prison on his own, James desperately turns to Darnell-- a black businessman who's never even had a parking ticket -- for help. As Darnell puts James through the wringer, both learn that they were wrong about many things, including each other. A fading actor best known for his portrayal of a popular superhero attempts to mount a comeback by appearing in a Broadway play. As opening night approaches, his attempts to become more altruistic, rebuild his career, and reconnect with friends and family prove more difficult than expected. At a time when nations are warring, a sword with mysterious power called "Heaven's Sword" is stolen. The sword is said to give its wielder the power to conquer the world. Various ninja all over Dokutake Castle and beyond also manuevering for this sword of immense power. Rantaro and his classmates are assigned to retrieve the stolen sword, their first real ninja mission. A recent college graduate in the midst of depression must decide if he will persue his passion or stick to the protective bubble of his small town life. A slip-up on the cricket field results in short-term memory loss for Prem, who is set to marry his lover Dhanalakshmi in a couple of days. When a night in a hospital doesn't bring him to normalcy, Prem's three baffled friends -- Bags, Bajji and Saras -- decide to get him to tie the knot without the groom's and bride's families (including Dhanam herself) realizing his condition. Nadya, a young girl from St. Petersburg, is living and learning in London. Suddenly she decides to pay an unexpected visit to her boyfriend Zhenya. Detective Robert has his own office, a trench coat, a Bogart hat and Downs syndrome. The only thing he is missing is a case. But then a lady comes to his rescue. When radio love guru Dr Emma Lloyd convinces Patrick Sullivan's fiancee to dump him the week before their wedding. He sets about teaching her a lesson for interfering in other peoples lives that she knows nothing about. Things take a turn when he finds himself falling for the very person who ruined his life and everyone is going to have to learn a few lessons about 'Real Love' Anthology Horror When a pampered Hollywood pooch is sent up to North to live with a wise cracking farm-mutt, all leashes are off. In the 1980s a group of foreign-born Korean teenagers who meet at a Seoul summer camp to learn what it means to be Korean. The three boys, from the U.S., Mexico, and Germany, then meet three girls who rock their world. A washed up Hollywood director is trapped in a remote castle by his own fears until the arrival of a mysterious woman offers him possible salvation. Inspired by Dostoevsky's 'Notes from the Underground', Johnny Walker attempts to answer the burning question: Is living a long life vulgar, immoral or just plain bad manners? The movie follows the comedic adventure of Timmy "TJ" Jackson &amp; Jackie "YoYo" Chan as they embark on a mission to rescue their landlords home from foreclosure. In the process they discover that no one is who they think they are. Desperate to pay the bills and come through for their loved ones, three lifelong pals risk it all by embarking on a daring bid to knock off the very bank that absconded with their money. Nick and Molly, commitment-phobic and busy professionals with little in common, are asked to be the best man and maid of honor at the wedding of their mutual friends, Amy and Jamie.  December, 31st. Impossible Moscow traffic, an endless rush leading to nothing, people trying to help but not making things any better. Small talk... about small things that fill one's life -- and make it pass us by too quickly. About Dad, who's only got a few weeks left to live -- and there's nothing you can do to help... About plans for life of a 15-year-old girl -- should she become a cancer specialist or a food designer? A movie about a dysfunctional family of vampires and witches, it is mostly focused on the two children who are hybrids. There is something a bit twisted inside of the teenage girl Madoka. It comes out one day when she has to deal with a groper on a public train. He may be scarred for life by the time she's finally through with him. But for her, at least, this encounter may only be the beginning... Suspension from school, the loss of a friend, a broken heart and lack of inspiration lead to Maude's downfall in this romp through teenage error.  Your teenage years are never easy... but for Maude, things couldn't be worse. Within one week, she is suspended from school, stranded by her best friend, dumped by the boy she loved and inherits an enormous amount of money with the passing of her grandmother- only to be claimed under one condition: Maude must prove by age 18 that she knows exactly what to do with her life. But with her 18th birthday rapidly approaching, Maude must dive into a world of self-discovery or else lose the inheritance. Kimjho Gwang-soo is one of the most recognized Korean gay activist as well as a filmmaker. This is his feature debut as a director and producer. A queer movie that delivers the goods--humorous and touching--and fulfills the director's wish for a more "open" society. A story of two people that masquerade as a couple to hide their homosexuality and keep their real loves intact. Minsoo, who is gay and wants to escape from his meddling parents, and Hyojin, who is a lesbian and wants to adopt a baby, are both doctors working at the same hospital. To fulfill their wishes, they decide to fake their nuptials. Their marriage is surrounded by episodes, some are humorous and others full of pathos. Unlike other films dealing with similar subject matter, focusing on the darker side of the spectrum, the director's choice to keep things lighter and brighter is also a virtue. On a journey to witness the final performance of a mythical musician thought long dead, a group of misfits navigate the barren terrain of a dystopian future, while constantly connected to the nihilistic DJ of radio station FNTN / Fonotune. Influenced by Japanese cinema, graphic design and Manga Comics, Fonotune: An Electric Fairytale is a film about strange encounters, lost connections and, maybe, the end of the world! Florence and Vincent Leroy are a model couple. They have great jobs, a perfect marriage and delightful children. And now they want their divorce to be an equal success. But when they are both simultaneously promoted to their dream jobs, their relationship becomes a nightmare. From that moment on, the gloves are off, the two exes declare war and will do everything in their power to NOT have custody of their children. After an unexpected tragedy, Suzanne searches for the true meaning of Christmas during one sad, strange December in suburban Virginia. Behind every breakthrough in the progression of climbing, there's a true story of doubt and determination, perseverance in the face of failure. From boulders, to big walls, to competition podiums, the climbers at the top of the game share a commitment to do whatever it takes to achieve their vision. A funeral-speech writer gets a new lease on life when he meets a widow who commissions him to write a piece for her 8-year-old son. In the wake of a viral outbreak throughout Bahrain, a group of strangers become acquainted with each other when they realize that they must unite to ward off the undead plague. Bingo, the runaway circus dog, is off the leash and saving Chuckie's life! Bingo and the boy become the best of friends in this canine comedy featuring doggy disguises and skateboarding, pinball and prison. Chuckie and his parents (Cindy Williams and David Rasche) are moving house, a thousand miles away, but Bingo won't be allowed to join them. Chuckie and Bingo's determination to be reunited is t Various lives intersect in and around a West Hollywood motel in this kaleidoscopic comedy about sex, love, and the meaning of life. After a grizzly-bear poacher named Hanaghan kills her fiance and fellow Fish &amp; Wildlife Deptartment officer, Julie Clayton sets out to track the killer down and discover why the FBI is keeping its case secret from her. She is joined in her quest by Rollins, a police detective fresh out of alcohol-dependency rehabilitation. Kirill and Gulnara are looking for the legendary treasure of Ivan Grozny... Maybe they will find it, maybe not - but they will definitely find each other. An overweight party planner meets the love of his life but is comically challenged by his own insecurity in image conscious Los Angeles.    Max, Paul and Simon have been friends for 35 years. They take great pleasure in their one vacation a year together without their partners and meet-up regularly to spend evenings drinking or playing cards. Each has a successful career and they all appear to have perfect lives until the night Simon announces to his friends that he has just strangled his wife, Estelle after a blazing row. Max and Paul are horrified by Simon's confession, but worse is to come when Simon asks them to lie and provide him with an alibi for the time Estelle was killed. Both men are torn between lying or turning over their best friend to the police. When loser Marvin Mange is involved in a horrible car accident, he's brought back to life by a deranged scientist as half man and half animal. His newfound powers are awesome -- but their adverse side effects could take over his life. Now, Marvin must fight to control his crazy primal urges around his new squeeze, Rianna, and his rival, Sgt. Sisk, who both think he's one cool cat. At his fiancee's urging, a very modern Irish groom-to-be reluctantly agrees to a stag weekend with his friends, camping in the western wilderness of Ireland. Much to their chagrin, these modern men are joined by the brother of the bride, a crazy, unpredictable alpha male known as "The Machine", and an explosive Id to their collective Ego. The Machine is a force of nature, and under his leadership, the men--stripped of modern comfort, convenience and, finally, clothing--must begin their journey into the wild. Through the film, Ivan makes a couple of odd decisions in order to overcome his detachment. First, he goes along with the wild desires of his girlfriend, Rosa. Later he gets tricked into adopting a pig. At a time when Ivan's life turns absurd, he must find himself; beyond death and unbearable heat. The film is also an allegory about the desire to overcome the current hard times in Mexico.  Babli (Ranbir Kapoor) is a street smart car mechanic living in a Delhi orphanage. He is charming and lives life to the fullest. He also steals cars to support his orphanage. He has no sense of right or wrong till he unwittingly hurts the love of his life, Tara (Pallavi Sharda). Babli realizes that there is no right way of doing the wrong thing. Babli sets out to fix all the wrongs in his life and he continues to be shameless about it. A woman who is looking for acceptance, who's looking for love, who wants to be appreciated and who wants to belong find what she's looking for from her personal assistant. A Brazilian beauty queen and a Filipino transsexual both become victims of scams. The two become friends, and team up to try and make ends meet. When a pop-star cousin comes to stay, a family's once normal life changes drastically. Clemence is pathologically jealous. Gabriel has asked her to marry him. To test whether he is faithful, unbeknownst to him she arranges that he crosses paths with beautiful Olivia... A Brooklyn mother finds comic relief from domestic drudgery by inhabiting the world in guises--drag king, pole dancer, Santa Claus--managing to find moments of grace even on  thankless days. Three rival actresses and their crew, desperate and hating each other, reunite for a horror movie sequel when someone starts killing them off just like in their movie, in this bitchy, raunchy comedy mystery. A group of people try to survive an attack of bloodthirsty zombies while trapped in a rural Pennsylvania farmhouse. When he finds her, her life changes. But she doesn't accept him. What will he do? Revenge is served on a spear when dirty cops brutally murder DEVIN, an innocent African-American med student. Devin's soul is magically transferred into the body of an action figure named OOGA BOOGA. Armed only with his tribal weapon and the help of his old girlfriend, DONNA, Ooga Booga takes to the streets and trailer parks to find the men who stole his bright future away from him. The bodies begin to pile up as Ooga Booga slices and dices his way through crooked cops, meth heads and demented city officials in order to clear his name. Racists beware! You won't even have enough time to scream, "Ooga Booga!" The film moves around two old school friends,Jeet and Raj who coincidentally came across each after a quite a while. While Jeet, a associate in a big designer company, which he got from his dead father-in-law; Raj is a having difficulties musician in a group. Jeet and Raj was welcomed to a celebration of a non-Bengali business customer of Jeet, where Raj flirted with the businessman's daughter Inka. Balukabela.com is an upcoming Bengali language film directed by Partha Sen.[1] The film was world-premiered in London in May 2012 The life of two desperate Swiss Expats who try to write their first script turns up side down when they discover a dead body on the street. Zach is devastated by the unexpected death of his girlfriend, Beth. When she mysteriously returns, he gets a second chance at love. Soon his whole world turns upside down... Greg is coasting through senior year of high school as anonymously as possible, avoiding social interactions like the plague while secretly making spirited, bizarre films with Earl, his only friend. But both his anonymity and friendship threaten to unravel when his mother forces him to befriend a classmate with leukemia. Rebellious, quick-witted Erica Vandross is a 17-year-old firecracker living with her single mom, Laurie, and her mom's new boyfriend, Bob, in L.A.'s San Fernando Valley. When Bob's mentally unbalanced son, Luke, arrives from rehab to live with the family, Erica finds her domestic and personal life overwhelmed. With Luke and her sidekicks Kala and Claudine in tow, Erica acts out by exposing a high school teacher's dark secret.  Topper thinks summer vacation is boring. He misses his father who is sailing the seven seas. He can't figure out Sille who's cute. And his best friend, Viggo, always has to help out his punctilious dad, Mr Lion, in the cafe on the first floor of the red house where Topper lives on the top floor with his mother. One day, Topper finds a magic pencil and when he draws a rhino on the wall, the drawing comes to life! While Topper and Viggo try to keep the rhino, which they name Otto, well fed with black bread and raspberry soda before it devours all the furniture, Mr Lion pleads with the local authorities to come and remove the stomping pachyderm. Abby, obituary writer turned author, is used to making up quirky, charming characters in her books, but here in Bliss it almost seems like those characters have sprung to life, and Abby is fantasizing about moving right in. The townspeople have set their matchmaking minds in motion and they aren't about to let Abby leave without a little love in her heart. This story humorously uses different events to explore the habit of late coming among Africans. While addressing some of the challenges that several Africans face with being on time, the story also unveils how to combat the infamous African Time. Ironically, many Africans that are late to various social events are seldom late to work and other self-benefiting engagements. (Chijindu Kelechi Eke) When Scott Stratton loses his job, his entire life spirals into despair, and no amount of encouragement can get him off the couch, until his sister hires the life coach from hell to change Scott's life, using any means possible. When Allie (Danielle Evon Ploeger) returns home during her final college summer break, she doesn't anticipate staying long, but that all changes when there's a death in the family and Allie inherits her childhood home.  Her life-long BFF, Kenzie (Kelsey Thomas) helps her deal with her loss, and other family drama, by forcing her to join The Browncoats, the team she captains in the small town's co-ed softball league.  Kenzie's advice for Allie is simple... When life sucks, just grab your glove, and grab a ball. Everything just sort of fades away when you're playing catch. A family, middle-class and entrepreneurial, in times of globalization. Masha Smirnova is a young girl who came to Moscow to conquer the big city. Here she finds a way to make all here wishes come true. But for other people this way is not so pleasant, sometimes even painful. It is a Saturday in autumn, and Karin and Simon are visiting their parents and youngest sister Clara. This family gathering provides the occasion for a dinner together, at which other relatives appear over the course of the day. While the family members animate the apartment's space with their conversations, everyday activities and cooking preparations, the cat and dog range through the various rooms. they too become a central element in this quotidian familial dance that repeatedly manifests stylized elements, disrupting any naturalistic mode of presentation. In this way, adjoining spaces open up between family drama, fairy tale and the psychological study of a mother. "The Phantom Tollbooth: Beyond Expectations" is a documentary that playfully explores the creation, creators, lasting impact and enduring relevance of one of the most universally beloved children's books of our time. Through interviews, animation and archival materials, the documentary traces the friendship between author Norton Juster and Pulitzer Prize-winning artist Jules Feiffer, and the wit and wisdom of the novel over half a century. After being unjustly fired, harassed by his students and labeled a potential menace to society, El Maestro sets out to teach everyone one final lesson. A new family is having difficulty adjusting, when an adorable dog comes into their life. Once his special powers are discovered, the local dog catcher and the (F.B.D.I) Federal Bureau of Dog Investigation will stop at nothing to get him. The Dope wakes up after his victory, but now the leader of The Martial Art Mafia is out for revenge... and he's got a new trick up his sleeve! A family portrait in Tuscany. Leonardo and Riccardo fight to defend what they really love - Leonardo is looking for freedom and Riccardo for family. A funny romantic comedy about a young actor Slava Belkin who works as Santa during New Year days. A sequel of a popular Thai film with a lesbian theme, Yes or No 2 picks up from where the original left off. Two girls, Kim and Pie are in love, but after graduation they have to travel into two different directions for their internship; Kim is going to work in a farm in the northern province of Nan, while Pie is going South to work in a fishery center. Their love is being tested by the distance between them. A man takes revenge on his sister by hiring her as his personal assistant. This the sequal to the 2007 movie of the same name. This time it features Jer, a smart dog that has been adopted by a nice family. But things turn bad when the baby of the family gets kidnapped. Jer makes it his duty to find and return the baby. A follow up to the hit movie of the same name about a boy called Panya and his dreams of becoming a popular singer. The problems of 4 rich beautiful girls Two sexy undercover reporters are investigating the whereabouts of a singer who has gone into hiding. Yoon-Jung accidentally calls a stranger, instead of her boyfriend, and has phone sex with the unknown man. When Yoon-Jung's relationship with her boyfriend turns sour, Yoon-Jung meets Hyun-Seung, the stranger she had phone sex with. The remake of famous Russian comedy "Dzhentlmeny udachi" (1971). A continuation of a famous Russian comedy "Mamy" ("Mommies"). Dr. Mi-Soo misdiagnoses a patient after she meets the woman's husband, whom she assumes to be abusive. With his wife in grave condition, the man sues the hospital. Kang-Il is a widowed firefighter who overhears the situation and when he attempts to counsel the woman's husband, he is assaulted by him. When Mi-Soo learns about the confrontation, she tries to get Kang-Il to be a character witness for her and realizes that he may also be her true love. The funny little details of everyday life; the simple things that makes us laugh. An unforgettable performance from Cem Yilmaz. Yilmaz captures the audience with his hilarious stories about relationships, humankind's struggle with the technology and professional life. Yilmaz proves us that a food delivery or even a funeral might be amusing when considered correctly. Written by Elmalma Brand Communication Circumstances force Mannaru (Appukutty), a dimwitted villager, to take his friend's wife to his home. What happens when the villagers believe the two to be man and wife? Antoine is a musician. The forties, he suddenly decides to end his career. After a few days of wandering, he gets a job as a janitor. Mathilde lives in the old building in the east of Paris where he takes office. This is a young retiree, generous and involved, who divides his time between his associational activities and the life of the condominium. One night, she discovers a disturbing crack on the wall of his living room. Gradually, his anxiety grew to turn into panic and if the building collapsed ... Slowly, Antoine befriends the woman he feared to see slip into madness. Between slips and concerns, both form an awkward tandem, humorous and solidarity which will, perhaps, through this bad patch. After a job interview gone wrong, Lulu sets sail leaving her husband and three children behind. But being an adventurer is easier said than done. Nicolas Bersen is a Frenchman with Russian roots. He lives in Paris and works as a toy seller. Neither the mother nor the French bride - the daughter of the Parisian confectionery "king" - disapprove of Nicolas's extravagance, because the Sorbonne education allows him to make an excellent career in business. Before Christmas, Nicolas travels to Russia to learn more about her background. Who could have imagined that this trip would change his life? In Russia, he is going to get the adventure, family treasures, and ... true love. Unspooled through a series of vignettes, this slice-of-life tale follows a group of young college graduates who are forced -- because of a bleak economic environment -- to shack up with their parents and settle for low-paying jobs. Halim bin Munan (Fizo Omar) is always bullied by his friends because of his straight arrow personality and his strange name, which means invisible in Malay. To make things worse, Halim thinks that he is invisible. His life takes a turn for the worse when he is wrongly accused of indecent peeping at Suriyati (Fiza). To clear his name, Halim goes to meet a shaman named Wak Mali. However, when he tries to speak with Wak Mali, the latter is confused for Halim really is invisible. The reason for his sudden predicament is a special cloth which Halim stole from a nearby grave. The cloth renders him invisible 24-7, which also causes the villagers to suspect Halim after several strange and unexplainable incidents take place. What will happen to Halim now? Following the outbreak of a virus that wipes out the majority of the human population, a young woman documents her family's new life in quarantine and tries to protect her infected sister. The film is about youngsters and the story of the film revolves around a young sheltered man who suddenly discovers life when he comes out on to the streets one day. Jennifer Carpenter, Kristen Connolly and Alexander Poe star in a comedy about three New Yorkers struggling to uncover the truth behind their romantic entanglements. Disheartened by his latest relationship catastrophe, Graham (Poe) attempts to rekindle the spark with his ex-girlfriend, Laura (Connolly). In the attempt to win her back Graham discovers he has a unique problem: Laura and another one his ex-girlfriends (Carpenter) are dating the same guy. A not so good-looking man is enchanted with a spell that turns him handsome from 8 PM to midnight. The story of the famous actor, Culibrk, middle-aged, who before the last day of shooting heard that he fatally ill. Having learned this, he decides to go on record, however, where it expects overall deal with the life that was marked by subordinating all personal career life. In addition to coping with all that he has not and will not come to life to do, and happens to be the scene of the senseless way, missing from the script. This situation, in which removal is sought is necessary and absurd film with a resolution of the single life, leading actor in a series of tragicomic situation. Culibrk, completely distraught, through himself and his life and finds a solution for one and other. Decides that, in the final scene of "fake" his death. A horrible accident takes place between two buses on the highway in Behrampore which includes students returning after winning their kabadi match, a newly-wed couple, a lover taking his love of life to meet his parents and a girl traveling for the very first time to the city of Kolkata - later it's revealed how lives of two couples among those passengers were connected and things take a tragic turn after the accident. Two sexy undercover reporters are investigating the whereabouts of a singer who has gone into hiding. Gerhard Polt's new comedy. A man's plans for a romantic weekend go awry when he learns that his ex-girlfriend, whom he still secretly loves, manages the ski lodge where he and his wife are staying. After falling victim to a humiliating prank by the high school Queen Bee, best friends and world-class geeks, Mindy and Jodi, decide to get their revenge by uniting the outcasts of the school against her and her circle of friends.  Twentysomething Petri got over a break-up by pushing his credit card limit in order to buy stuff. Still, after three years, the anxiety remains, so all things must go into a storage container. For a year, Petri allows himself to retrieve only one item per day. New life begins naked next to a radiator. A down-to-earth portrait of art school life. "Bachelorette's Degree" is a steamy romantic comedy set in Washington, D.C., and explores the dynamics of love and friendship, tested by unexpected circumstances. The film stars three beautiful, successful women as they debunk the notion of women racing for the marriage altar. Instead, it tells the other side of the story. A famous American filmmaker travels to the Yucatan to scout locations for his last movie. The Mayan Apocalypse intercedes  Traumatised by the sudden death of his girlfriend Jake opens a door to a bizarre and surreal journey that leads him to question reality. (Four nominations). It tells the story of two young friends who must find a way for the president of the company in which they work (and father of one of them) safe return home, and that is enclosed strange circumstances naked in the trunk of his car. Venezuelan movie Routine Love Story is a 2012 Telugu film starring Sundeep Kishan and Regina Cassandra. The movie is directed by Praveen Sattaru, who earlier made LBW (Life Before wedding) and produced by Chanakya Booneti. Soundtrack of the film was composed by Mickey J Meyer. The film was Released on November 23, 2012 along with Nagarjuna's Dhamarukam and both the films got a good start at the Box Office in Andhra Pradesh and other parts of the world. In an urban Indian city, A struggling actor battles for his career, but his friend who loses money in a scam deal commits an action that puts both of their lives in danger. The three last days before the incident follows the struggling actor, an ambitious filmmaker, a wannabe hustler, an opportunist, a lover and two cinephile thugs, through an inter-twining vignette of their lives. Life is underwhelming for Samantha Phelps when she graduates college and finds the real world isn't awaiting her arrival with open arms. "Everything will be fine" the doctor promised Jo while she was giving birth to her first child. But, some forty years and four sons later, nothing is happening like it should be during this month of August: as she arrives on Greek soil to organize her traditional festival with her tribe, Jo learns that the latter has been cancelled, courtesy of the economic crisis. The hour seems to be tragic but the maternal instinct grows stronger, she is ready to do everything for the happiness of her sons. Between squabbles and blood and destiny blows, this summer will be like no other. Maggie Peyton, the new owner of Number 53 - the free-wheelin' Volkswagen bug with a mind of its own - puts the car through its paces on the road to becoming a NASCAR competitor. Danny, a commercial editor and documentary filmmaker attempts to finish his film, a study on relationship while navigating the relationships in his own life. Will he continue to chase the unattainable Theresa a hippy new age dancer(Caitlin Fitzgerald) or will he finally admit he's in love with his best friend Carla (Katherine Waterston) who is in an unfulfilling relationship with a political strategist(Gaby Hoffman). Manhattan Romance is a funny insightful look at contemporary life in Manhattan. It explores new age ideas and open relationship as well as true friendship and connection. Death Valley is a place where drunk college kids can run wild on weekends without fear of the police shutting them down. This small desert town is home to a local Biker gang known as the Legion of Outlaws, an MC who traffic drugs and prostitution through this quiet community. Death Valley is also a place where getting attacked by a werewolf is nothing out of the ordinary especially during a full moon. This comedy follows Sam, as her life is turned upside down on a big night out. When reunited with her old college friends, Sam is forced to re-evaluate her life and constructs an elaborate facade in order to convince herself and her friends that she has it all. But once her dysfunctional yet devoted trio of best mates intervene, her carefully crafted charade begins to crumble amidst the shots, cigarettes, ciders and toilet transgressions. Faced with some very harsh realities, Sam must struggle to remain true to herself and reassess exactly what she wants from life. The sequel to Rock (2005) follows six years after the band Rimba Bara disbanded. They reunite once again because of Amy Mat Piah (Que Haidar) with a renewed determination to be the top rock band in Malaysia no matter how hard the journey. Alexandre Taillard de Vorms is a force to be reckoned with. With his silver mane and tanned, athletic body, he stalks the world stage as Minister of Foreign Affairs for France, waging his own war backed up by the holy trinity of diplomatic concepts: legitimacy, lucidity, and efficacy. Enter Arthur Vlaminck. Hired to write the minister's speeches, Arthur must contend with the sensibilities of his boss and the dirty dealings within the Quai d'Orsay, the ministry's home. Kristoffer, Karoline, Jonatan, Marikken, Jesper, Ole and Aurora are finally out of the Norwegian school system. They don't know each other very well, and they don't have a lot of plans for the upcoming year. In the feature-length documentary SOAP LIFE, producers John Grossman and Matthew D'Amato attempt to find out why, with millions of viewers, these icons of American culture are disappearing from the television landscape. SOAP LIFE features interviews with actors, directors, producers, writers, and fans to get their perspective on the changing face of daytime television. The Big One is an investigative documentary from director Michael Moore who goes around the country asking why big American corporations produce their product abroad where labor is cheaper while so many Americans are unemployed, losing their jobs, and would happily be hired by such companies as Nike. Jake is a neurotic young man who is persuaded by his friend Sean to leave his hometown to live in the big city.  Sean is an eccentric poet who survives by swindling inexperienced customers on Craigslist.  Upon arriving, Jake finds that Sean has disappeared and - alone, jobless, homeless, and broke - he struggles to fit into the city's bleak, nocturnal landscape. Through riveting phone conversations the details of Jake's strained relationships with distant friends, former lovers, and forgotten family are revealed. Madea dispenses her unique form of holiday spirit on rural town when she's coaxed into helping a friend pay her daughter a surprise visit in the country for Christmas. Lewis is a closeted gay man throwing a bachelor party for his straight best friend and secret crush, Cooper. After a night of drunken sex together, the two men decide to meet in the same hotel suite on the same night each year to hook up and catch up. Over the course of twelve years, we see four additional nights that depict how the two men grow and how their friendship changes. Captures the laughter, energy and mayhem from Hart's 2012 "Let Me Explain" concert tour, which spanned 10 countries and 80 cities, and generated over $32 million in ticket sales. Feature version of the 1936 movie serial of the same name, with altered music scoring, released outside the USA only until 1950. Masha (37) is in an overwhelming relationship with Luuk, father of two and separated. Nothing seems to stand in their way until Luuk turns incurably ill, leaving Masha without status. Bavuttiyude Namathil portrays the life of people in Malabar area. Mammootty plays Bavutty, a chauffeur in a wealthy household. He is in fact much more than a driver; he solves several problems of the family. He is very much part of the family. For Sethu (played by Shankar Ramakrishnan), his employer, life is all about making money, but Bavutty is a simple man with small dreams. Kavya Madhavan plays Vanaja, Sethu's wife while Kaniha appears as Mariam, a house-maid. Rima Kallingal plays the role of Noorjahan, a tuition teacher. The story takes on a twist when Vanaja's ex-lover shows up. The first OVA of the anime series of Cardcaptor Sakura. This is a video of Tomoyo Daidouji previewing the making of the first opening video of Cardcaptor Sakura (the Catch You Catch Me video). An encounter with some new friends encourages Wilbur Sargunaraj, an ordinary Indian to take a chance on his own dreams. He and his friends find beauty in seemingly unlikely places and discover that the common can be extraordinary. Celal, who dreams of achieving happiness as a ladies' man and charmer, soon gets into difficulties and suffers misfortune. Back when Celal was in a relationship, he was jealous of the life of a bachelor. A beautiful dancer hangs on the razor's edge between reality and fantasy as she asks her friends to help her figure out the passions and relationships that have shaped who they are and who they will become. Trixie and Monkey will stop at nothing to take their innovative circus-burlesque act to new creative heights. In pursuit of their dream, they relocate from Baltimore to New England to study acrobatics and trapeze. On the weekends they travel relentlessly to test-drive their act on stages as varied as Baltimore rock clubs, Vegas casinos, New York City theaters and beyond. Financial uncertainty, physical exhaustion and romantic tension are always looming; leaving them to wonder will they make it as artists, what success even means and will their love survive? Lucky (Eijaz Khan) loves 'modern' Kammo (Shradha Das) but ends up marrying the girl-next-door Lakshmi (Kulraj Randhawa). An accident leads him to believe that his wife is dead. Instead of mourning her death, he falls into Kammo's arms. Turns out, he's not that lucky. A few people decide to found their own little state n the middle of Germany, near Berlin... Lucas, an unlucky romantic is approacched by a serial seducer named Victor who promises him the moon. Disappointed and having been cheated on once again, Lucas decides to take revenge. "Taxi! Taxi!" is a social comedy set in the metropolitan city-state of Singapore, told through the encounters of two characters who are in what is widely perceived as the most sociable profession on the island taxi drivers. Inspired by famed blogger Dr Cai Mingjie's real life accounts as a taxi driver in his bestseller "Diary Of A Taxi Driver: True Stories From Singapore's Most Educated Cabdriver", the movie follows the trials and tribulations of a retrenched microbiology scientist, Professor Chua, as he turns to taxi driving after several failed job attempts. Along the way, he befriends (although they didn't quite start off as friends from the get-go) a veteran taxi driver, Ah Tau. The two men, who appear to be polar opposites of each other in every aspect from educational levels, personalities, attitudes toward life and even the languages that they speak, eventually find themselves interdependent and influencing each other in ways that they probably had never imagined When a young village boy discovers that his brother, long believed to be in America, has actually gone missing, he begins to invent letters on his behalf to save their mother from heartbreak, all the while searching for him. Ofeigur, the passed away father of Anna Sol walks again and starts to involve her life and her boyfriend, Ingi Brjann. The young couples are going to sell the house of the dead but Ofeigur is not very happy with that and tries to convince them not to do it. The intervention of the ghost is so irritating that Ingi Brjann tries to get him away by using methods from an old magic book. Vishwas, an aspiring actor, is mistaken for an inspector while dressed for a photo shoot. Sloane and her boyfriend Barrett return to her childhood home determined to ruin her father Roan's re-marriage. Family secrets surface and give rise to a puzzling future. A guy puts his unwitting bride-to-be through a series of increasingly bizarre "stress tests" to see if she's worthy of marriage. When Declan, a 30 year old husband and new father is squeezed out of a promotion, he finds himself wracked by internal crises, including career envy, bitterness over bad breaks and the still-lingering fallout from the suicide of his former creative partner. Searching for salvation, Declan surrenders to the role of stay-at-home dad, and is forced to face his demons while pushing strollers, changing diapers and heating up bottles all the while working to resurrect his dreams. It's the last day before Spring break, college student Robby Turnwell is in for the week of his life. Once he gets an unexpected call from his older brother Jake to house sit, the life he once knew gets turned upside down in this hilarious comedy. From an out of control party to encounters with gangsters, police, and more, Robby reinvents the rule book on college mischief. Angel Pelaez is a very jealous man. Since losing his arm in an accident, and therefore alsohis job as a waiter at the Hotel Ritz, spends the day imagining Reme, his wife betrays him with most men who cross her life. The butcher, the bookseller who advised her romantic novels, the dealer of butane or gynecologist ... all are potential lovers hurt Angel's tortured imagination. Four high school football stars enlist in the Marines and head off to fight in the war in Iraq. When one of them is killed and another wounded, they return home only to find is extremely difficult to pick up the threads of their old lives. The memories of events in Iraq combined with the lack of public support pushes many of these men to the breaking point. Trainer Meng Doo-ho spots Young-chul in a bar fight and decides to turn him into a boxing champion.  Six intertwined people struggle with their own sincerity, and, in so doing, unravel their secrets and the lies they live. When a group of misfits is hired by an unknown third party to burglarize a desolate house and acquire a rare VHS tape, they discover more found footage than they bargained for. A group of friends writing a book on the history of Los Angeles finds that their roommate is missing and has taken all of the material for the book. Two years later, a man working for a book publishing company finds the finished book but cannot find the author. He goes on a search to find out exactly what happened to them. When the sky really is falling and sanity has flown the coop, who will rise to save the day? Together with his hysterical band of misfit friends, Chicken Little must hatch a plan to save the planet from alien invasion and prove that the world's biggest hero is a little chicken. When the creator of a popular video game system dies, a virtual contest is created to compete for his fortune. A blunt, abrasive and yet oddly compassionate Jagdishwar Mishra aka Jolly, a small-time struggling lawyer who moves from Kanpur to the city of Nawabs to pursue his dream of becoming a big-time lawyer. After cheating on her mean boyfriend, Lewis, Brownie is hospitalized by a series of severe accidents. Instead of visiting her in the hospital, Lewis (assistant to the Dean of the local university) helps investigate two professors suspected of sleeping with students. A pharmaceutical sales rep visits a small town in Louisiana on business. He finds himself in a dark world of corruption and murder with 24 hours to live, running from the police, the mob and a sheriff that wants him dead. A street-gang member kills the gang's leader and blames it on a rival gang. Sister Italy is a heartfelt, hilarious, culinary escapade that follows the fortunes of two Italian-American sisters, Italia and Maria, who are rival cooks. They clash in an intriguing cooking competition. A street thug with a soft heart and a young, hot-headed former company executive end up as neighbours. Three estranged brothers must journey to a remote location in order to receive their inheritance due to a stipulation in their parents will. For the first time, audiences get a behind-the-scenes glimpse into NYC's famed improv show by UCB: Asssscat. Based on a true events a girl fights for her live on the Road - Tears Of Souls -chased by a gang of slave traffickers. In the tradition of "Ferris Bueller's Day Off" comes this refreshing comedy about a rebellious prankster with a crafty mind and a heart of gold. Rascal. Joker. Dreamer. Genius... You've never met a college student quite like "Rancho." From the moment he arrives at India's most prestigious university, Rancho's outlandish schemes turn the campus upside down--along with the lives of his two newfound best friends. Together, they make life miserable for "Virus," the school's uptight and heartless dean. But when Rancho catches the eye of the dean's sexy daughter, Virus sets his sights on flunking out the "3 idiots" once and for all. The story revolves around 3 close friends trying to win the heart of a beautiful girl who just moved into the opposite house. Whether any of the 3 win her or someone else does is the story. The movie is packed with comedy without any break in between. A screenwriter who travels to an abandoned house to finish a script on time, but a series of strange events lead her to a psychological breakdown. When a down and out divorced man wins a million dollars, his conniving ex-wife will stop at nothing to get her hands on the winnings. In Fly Me to Minami, Lim's fourth feature film and follow-up to his Stateless Trilogy, two transnational love stories intersect. The first of these stories is between Sherine, a fashion magazine editor from Hong Kong, and Tatsuya, an amateur photographer in Osaka. The second is between Seol-a, a Korean flight attendant, and Shinsuke, a married Korean-Japanese shopkeeper in Osaka's Korea Town. Sebastian (Hendler) meets Natalia (Bertuccelli) when trying to steal an important piece of art from a museum, and she wins the hand. Rivals declared, the two have to work together later in a robbery more complex: a valuable and unique bottle of Malbec from Bordeaux in the mid-nineteenth century, listed as one of the best wines in the world and jealously guarded in the vault of a bank, in Mendoza.  In a world full of glamor, between vineyards and mountains, the thieves will have to display their magic, but while preparing discover theft, each to his own, that nothing will be as thought A rootless young singer with a penchant for destruction must reconcile her domestic fantasies as she attempts to restore her late grandfather's abandoned Pittsburgh home. - IMDB A young girl travels to Cairo to visit her father, and becomes unwillingly involved with a bizarre sadomasochistic cult led by the charismatic Paul Chevalier, who is a descendant of the Marquis de Sade. They need protection: the church needs a miracle. Jack witnessed a mob murder, so the FBI relocates him and his wife, Julie, to a place the gangsters will never look: he's Associate Pastor at a half-dead church in Fresno. On Jack's first Sunday, the Senior Minister keels over dead in the pulpit. Can a fake minister be the answer to the church's prayers? As a well-intentioned citizen you'd always be willing to help out a fellow South African. But what happens when your good intentions turn out to be in vain when the situation escalates out of control and things go from bad to worse? Urban legend claims a vicious crack-addicted raccoon nicknamed "Red Eye" was behind a series of gruesome murders in Bronx neighborhood Locust Point. Politically ambitious Deputy Mayor Peter Rabbit sees an opportunity to advance his career, and enlists his cousin and best friend to capture the mutant creature - unaware that two more bloodthirsty "krackoons" are lurking in the shadows... No one dumps on the Bronx! Four retired mobsters plan one last crime to save their retirement home. A chronicle of an eccentric Italian-American family in New York City in the 1950's and 60's.  Young Teresa dreams of joing the convent, over the objections of her family. Abandoned by his father, he was a reform school kid with nothing going for him and a giant chip on his shoulder. He joined the Marines, but never stayed far from trouble. Then he discovered acting - and the woman who would be with him for most of his meteoric career. He was Steve McQueen, one of Hollywood's highest paid stars - and one of its most difficult, most rebellious and, when he wished, most charming. His story is told with film clips from his greatest performances, including The Magnificent Seven, Love With The Proper Stranger, The Cincinnati Kid, The Reivers, The Great Escape, The Thomas Crown Affair, and Bullitt. Also shown are home movies - and the recollections of those who knew him best, including Steve's first wife, Neile McQueen Toffel and their children, Terri and Chad, fellow actors Chuck Norris, Karl Malden, Don Gordon, as well as directors, producers, agents and the racing buddies who saw it all happen. Narrated by James Coburn. A mashup of three different movies about the infamous Amy Fisher case. The movie revolves around how an Indian woman, Bharti, who sacrifices her life for her children and husband, and yet they do not value her or her sacrifices, and they all maltreat her. Then tables turn when her grandson, Mann comes to her rescue. He gets her modeling assignments which makes her more successful than any of the family members, including her husband. Even after so much success she misses the love and affection of family members. Mann suggests her to teach everyone in the house a lesson so that they start to value her. The movie has a happy end where she reunites with her family and they learn to respect her and value the efforts she makes for keeping them happy. The moral of the movie is importance of your mother and what all she does for you. Respecting her and valuing her efforts. A comedy about a Halloween-obsessed high school senior who doesn't think childhood passions should have an expiration date.  A keen observation of a sun-dappled and still-watered swamp, Uncertain contemplates a frequently overlooked and enigmatic town whose lake, and only real source of income, comes under threat from an aquatic nuisance of the botanical variety. Perhaps unsurprisingly for a site so-named, there is a lack of consensus about the Texas town's origin: whether the result of a surveyor's confusion when marking an early map, or steamboat captains' belief that docking there was an unknowable, impossible task, an auspicious beginning is offered for the unsettled and yearning inhabitants. A re-interpretation of Ramayana, the Thai animation film tells the story of a giant robot, Na Kiew, who's left wandering in a barren wasteland after a great war. Na Kiew meets Jao Phuek, a puny tin robot who's lost his memory and is now stuck with his new big friend. Together they set out across the desert populated by metal scavengers, to look for Ram, the creator of all robots. Flubs and bloopers that occurred ont the set of some of the major Warner Bros. pictures of 1939. Feature length sequel to the multi award-winning short film GROOM'S CAKE. A mockumentary following the three days leading up to the first birthday party of a child with two gay parents: television actor Steven James and his screenwriter husband, Daniel Ferguson. A movie about the family we are born into and the family we create. Roshan (Sunny Wayne) is a cosmetic surgeon and a Casanova by nature. Abu (Sanju), a budding filmmaker and Joe (Praveen), a TV show producer, are his friends. Joe has just been ditched by his girl friend Ann (Poojitha Menon). A devastated Joe heads over to Goa along with his friends to get over the tragedy that has befell him Martin and Daniel are inseparable friends. One is a bureaucrat who seeks to overcome every day, even though deep down he knows he will never leave his office desk. The other is a womanizer unstable without goals, but with a mathematical gift. The extraordinary story of a group of twenty-somethings who seized the streets of New York, transforming the meaning of comedy, performance and art through forming "Improv Everywhere," a prank collective ten years in the making. Christine and Conrad are what we call modern parents nowadays: While he stays home to raise children, she makes a career as a doctor, earning big money. When Konrad with comes home with the offer to act as a theater director again, organizing the day-to-day family life becomes increasingly difficult. Who will take care of their daughters Emma and Kate? As it turns out, it is in fact not that easy to find a competent girl. When an out of work actress unexpectedly lands a starring role in the sexually explicit mini-series adaptation of a best selling erotic novel, her aimless, stoner boyfriend does his best to be supportive. But when her volatile, Oscar winning co-lead takes "rehearsals" too far, her dream job becomes her boyfriend's worst nightmare and the couple is forced to decide whether or not their relationship is worth fighting for. Introduction; a vegetarian dinner; the lover sleeping; sorting garbage; ex-lovers' art; friends and cocaine; moon; composting sable brushes; the kitchen sink; wine; eating with my hands; the kitchen table; self-portraits'; construction machines; hiding behind the curtains; morning-glories at dusk; dinner with my mother; the drawings in the hall, yoga, and the goddess rap; calling the lover; saying goodbye; carnival rides; street scenes; weeping; flowers and bees; shadows on the carpet and empty rooms; esoteric sign language; sorting the compost; walking through Boston, hunting for clues; finding him in a fountain; my favorite statue; the slug incident; paranoia about plastic; putting everything in garbage bags; the construction site outside; calling the lover.  (ACR) Reminiscent of the screwball comedies of the 1930's and 40's, Boot the Pigeon asks the question: Can a man find true love while suing his dating service? Two brothers fed up with daily life, quit their blue-collar jobs and with a single-minded determination head off to the paradise promise of Key West! But pool sharks, mermaids, tourist traps, and feisty alligators are just a few of the surprises that threaten to derail their not-so-well made plans. High-schooler Grover Beindorf and his younger sister Stacy decide that their parents, Janet and Ned, are acting childishly when they decide to divorce after 18 years of marriage, so they lock them up in the basement until they'll sort out their problems. Their school friends also decide to do the same with their parents to solve their respective problems Those krazed VHS-hunting pupz from Everything Is Terrible! (everyone's favorite found footage chop shoppe) are back with their third inner-eye-opening feature, containing a feat never before attempted in either human or canine history. EIT! asks but two simple questions, "What if we make a movie composed ENTIRELY out of dog-related found footage?" and ''What if this magickal movie, made up of thousands of other dog movies, is also a remake of Alejandro Jodorowsky's 1973 masterpiece The Holy Mountain?" Well, let's stop asking dumb rhetorical questions because this never-ending spiral of World-Pup winning, sunglasses-wearing, murder-solving, skateboarding pooches is real! No Bonez about it, this is it! Are you dog enough to go fetch it? ARFFFFFF!   This heart-warming romantic comedy takes place at Nanyang Street, the most famous "cram school" street in Taipei City. A young man works at a copy shop where his life is a boring routine of copying test papers for students. One day he finds a drawing of a sheep mixed in on the test papers, which leads him to an unexpected journey. Down-on-his-luck Carter has recently become homeless, single and unemployed. Desperate to win back his ex-girlfriend, he goes off on an adventure throughout London to find her, picking up some odd helpers along the way. As developmentally disabled Papitas nears death, his wish is to have his best friends help him fulfill his bucket list, a list that includes seeing a leprechaun and traveling to the future. What could possibly go wrong for these best worst friends? A mockumentary about a filmmaker who goes to the Lion's Den Comedy Club, an open-mic comedy club in Piccadilly Circus London, to find out about stand-up comedy and what being a comedian is like. King Lee is a feature film about a fictional mayor of Syracuse, NY in the 1970s. It is primarily based the real-life exploits of the actual mayor of Syracuse from 1970-1986, Lee Alexander, but this is far from a true account. It's a wild, surreal ride through an era when cities were in trouble, Syracuse was on the rise, and one man had to choose between lining his own pockets and the future of the city he loves. Newlywed couple Ted and Tami-Lynn want to have a baby, but in order to qualify to be a parent, Ted will have to prove he's a person in a court of law. When Lou, who has become the "father of the Internet," is shot by an unknown assailant, Jacob and Nick fire up the time machine again to save their friend. Match Point is Woody Allen's satire of the British High Society and the ambition of a young tennis instructor to enter into it. Yet when he must decide between two women - one assuring him his place in high society, and the other that would take him far from it - palms start to sweat and a dark psychological match in his head begins. A comedy about a band of voyeuristic students who take their jobs at the school paper to extremes, deciding to uncover the real lives of their teachers. Oru Visheshapetta BiriyaniKissa tells the story of Tara, a blessed cook in a southern village, and the funny series of events related to a suspended biriyani offering that the villagers attempt to restart. Two exorcists capture their work on video and upload it to YouTube. They come to the attention of a TV show that wants to boost its ratings. However, the studio crew remain skeptical. In Second Thoughts a cult leader gets cold feet when it comes time to fulfill his own prophesy and transcend to the afterlife. Raouf is an interior designer and an owner of a home furniture gallery. He is a very suspicious person when it comes to dealing with all people around him.  It is only when he goes into a coma, he started to realise his mistakes and discover what all his friends and family think of him. Is it too late ? The film revolves around a young married couple and their relationship in various levels. It illustrates the dry humour on how pretentious human relations can be and how there is a quid pro quo in all relations no matter how genuine they may seem. It deals with the irony of life. When JD is fired from his dull desk job his old buddies promise him the best vacation of his life. He can't refuse this one-time opportunity and travels to the sizzling heart of Thailand. Together with Gordon Goldman and John Walker he ends straight up in the city of sin: Pattaya. Soon the hooker count stacks as high as the amount of alcohol in his blood and JD gets more and more frustrated that his body isn't coping too well with the heat. His situation doesn't get any better when his buddies go away on some important business leaving JD alone in the land of a thousand smiles. Not knowing much else than ordering alcoholic beverages, JD soon drinks till he passes out. When he wakes up, he's in the middle of the jungle and can't remember anything from the night before. And while fighting his way back to civilization, he gets more and more tangled up in an ordeal he understands nothing of. An adult victim of childhood sexual abuse confronts the horrors of his past Zenon Kar, a 13-year-old girl who lives on a space station in the year 2049, gets into some trouble and is banished to Earth. With help from some Earth friends she must find her way back. Aditya is guy who dreams to become a filmmaker. He desperately tries to fulfill his dream but does not get finance. VK loves a girl but never able to express it to her. Nikhil works in a corporate office and wants to get married. Nikihl's Father arranged a girl name Ria.It turn out to be same girl who VK mad about.Aditiya came up with plan to help VK to get his love of life. Aditiya meets Papu Bhai using VK's connection as return favour.Papu Bhai loves films and item songs and agrees to finance Aditya's film. Ankita is an air hostess, close friend of Ria and Aditiya's fiance. Twist starts in the story when their plan back fired. Go behind the scenes of the infamous duo MC Randumb &amp; Jewish Dave for the most controversial rapumentary ever made. A look at America's lust for violence and fame. A drug-addicted doctor who works in an asylum discovers that one of his patients is a gifted writer. Former college buddies Horaguchi and Okawa suddenly reunite on a whim after 15 years apart and try to resume their friendship by planning a trip together. Meanwhile, Okawa's live-in girlfriend Kaede and the pair's old friend Kyoko get roped into joining them. Soon, the four head off on a trip together with the goal of sharing sukiyaki by the sea. The lives of an action star wannabe, a frustrated family man, and a guilt-ridden boyfriend, intertwine in three tales of sex, violence, redemption, murder, and unthinkable twists all taking place in the City of Angels; Los Angeles, California. Comedy -  Louisa Ashleigh, Angry Bob, George Cutler Kansas City 1959: When Andy's boyfriend leaves him, Andy makes a trip to confront him and discovers his lover's double life. 1994. Rasmus two best friends Frans and Ian talk him into crashing graduation parties in search of fun, booze and girls to get over Klara who just broke up with him. During the day his feelings for her is tested when he learns the truth about Klara's break-up. But is their love for real? And more importantly, can it survive the night? Jacob Kaplan lives an ordinary life in Uruguay. Like many of his other Jewish friends, Jacob fled Europe for South America because of World War II. But now turning 76, he is grumpy and in need of adventure.  An unexpected opportunity to achieve greatness comes in the form of a quiet, elderly German, who Mr Kaplan believes to be a runaway Nazi. Determined to capture this Nazi, as Eichmann was captured before him, Mr Kaplan surprises everyone when he takes up this challenge. Reiji Kikukawa, who has a strong sense of justice, graduated from the police academy with the lowest score ever. He becomes a police constable, but is suddenly fired by the Police Chief due to "disciplinary" issues. In actuality, the firing is part of a carefully orchestrated plan.  Reiji is ordered to become a "mole," an undercover cop. His target is Shuho Todoroki, the boss of the Sukiyakai gang. The group is the largest crime group in the Kanto area. Masaya Hiura, who works as a young boss of a Sukiyakai affiliated gang likes Reiji. While going through various hardships, Reiji works his way towards Shuho Todoroki.  Pierre Bismuth hires a private detective and a duo of screenwriters to investigate on an enigmatic artwork. He classifies this film under the new found genre 'Fake Fiction'. Bhai is a 1997 Bollywood Action film directed by Deepak Shivdasani, while written by Kader Khan. The film starred Sunil Shetty, Pooja Batra, Sonali Bendre and Ashish Vidyarthi in lead roles. A remake of the Telugu movie Anna starring Rajasekhar, Roja Selvamani and Gautami Tadimalla, it was a huge success at the box office, and was one of the highest-grossing films of the year 1997. When a spate of eerie murders erupts across HK two troub/emaking cops are assigned to the case. Young maverick Wang and grizzled vet Huang who is fed up with his reckless younger partner always landing them in hot water. Reaching a dead end after discovering all the victims were former boyfriends of aspiring starlet Liu, the detectives must play a deadly game. One of them must go undercover as Liu's lover to lure the killer out. At 40, Alice has everything a woman of her age could want - everything except one vital accessory: a man. Since her husband was killed in a road accident a few years ago, she has resisted all attempts to start a relationship with another man, despite the best efforts of her closest friends Penelope and Isabelle. As a last resort, the latter decide to offer Alice a stay at the Hotel Normandy, the ideal place for her to turn over a new leaf... Seven short films, all of which feature name actors, including Judi Dench, Kenneth Branagh, Colin Firth, Lily Tomlin, Keira Knightley, Jesse Tyler Ferguson and more. During Second Sino-Japanese War, China suffered from cholera outbreak because Japanese uses it as an biological weapon. Four Chinese agents captures a Japanese scientist and his bodyguard and interrogate them by Chinese opera in order to get the vaccine formula. Written by tom0902000 Xate is an ordinary woman from Midyat with eight children in tow. The only thing that sets her apart is her husband's job as Mayor of Midyat. Until, that is, an extraordinary day changes her life - and the lives of everyone else in Midyat. For the illiterate, uneducated Xate becomes Mayor of Midyat! While she takes on her mayoral duties much as she does those in her house, the infantile rivalry between her children in municipal matters leads to adventures that have the Midyat folk howling with laughter.   Eddie Durkan, the self-proclaimed leader of the 'Bucks is dreading spending another summer bored out of his skull. Ireland has qualified for the Euros in Poland, but with no money and apathetic mates, the task falls to Eddie to get them out of Castletown and onto the road in search of football and the craic. The movie tells the story of Matilda, an old woman that has to fight against a real-estate mogul in order to save her house. Tanase is a ruthless businessman who built his fortune on scamming people and evicting them from their homes. When he wants to kick Matilda out of her house, his luck comes to an end as the seemingly nice old lady manages to defend her property. The movie centers on a piano competition whose winner is assured of success. It is Paul's last chance to compete, but newcomer Heidi may be a better pianist. Can romance be far away? Will she take a dive despite the pressure to win from her teacher, Greta, or will she condemn Paul to obscurity?  Jack is being bullied in work, so with a little help from his imaginary friend, Ralph, he begins to plot the murder of his bully, Pat. End of days is already here - you just didn't notice... Four friends from the first movie are back in the saddle. This time they're not only returning to the big sex world but also helping the state on the important mission. Two eccentric recluses in the town of East Hampton share their intimacy for a few days. After witnessing a miracle, a young Latina woman experiences strange things as a police detective searches for the truth behind his partner's death. White(Ram) enters the Chilli market yard in Ongole at the age of 12. Adikeshava (Prakash Raj) is the chairman of that Chilli yard. White comes to know of Adikeshava's real character and asks him to arrange a marriage with his daughter in certain situations to which Adikeshava agrees. Then what happens to White and Adikeshava?? Why White is doing all these things? Is there any intention for his deeds?? Watch the movie and find out Fred lives on his own. His wife is dead, his son has left. He leans on the church, busses, meat-and-two-veg. Then Leo appears. Leo is a tramp. Fred lets Leo move in with him. An absurdist feature debut with a laugh and a tear in stuffy Netherlands.  A modern retelling of Shakespeare's classic comedy about two pairs of lovers with different takes on romance and a way with words. Brenda moved to London to begin living those intoxicated fantasies that all young women imagine city life to offer. Soon after her arrival she begins a relationship with Peter with whom she is tremendously happy. When she becomes pregnant Peter's behaviour towards her alters as he reveals the most frightening and unpredictable side of his personality. He forces Brenda to listen to a series of recordings, exposing a past of shocking cruelty of sadistic murder. A 10-minute portrait of modernist poet and de Andrade's godfather, Manuel Bandeira, is clear in its affection for it subject, though like many New-Waveish films of the time, depicts the modern urban landscape as an ominous and alienating force.  THE HIT GIRL tells the story of a hit man named Bill, who while on a mission encounters a magical statue that transforms him into a teenage girl. Renamed Jessica by his timid, movie quoting niece Suzy, 'she' must now rely on Suzy's help in dealing with both the problems that come with being a teenage girl, and completing 'her' latest assignment. A job made that much more difficult now that Jessica stands at 4'11" and weighs under a hundred pounds. How will she be able survive a gang of armed gunmen, when she now finds herself being easily bullied by a group of catty teenage girls? Will Bill ever get his life back or will 'she' be stuck as Jessica forever? Local comedy by Mohd Razif Rashid, "Aji Noh Motor", tells the tale of an older brother named Aji who is willing do to anything for his younger brother, Noh. However, the two brothers are polar opposites of each other, with Aji being a drag racer, who only takes the motor parts of those who lost while Noh is an obedient and determined boy whose only hobby is reading and practicing his religion's teachings despite being blind. In spite of that, Aji loves Noh very much and will do his best to make sure that Noh's wishes are fulfilled even if it proves impossible for him. Sofazr, a group of musicians from Malaysia star in their very own movie directed by Tauke Raja Lawak dan Isma Af7. The film is a comedy horror about a group of mentally ill patients who are being haunted by a vengeful spirit. But how would they know that it is a real spirit and not a figment of their imaginations? Can they even protect themselves? gangster action comedy by director Ismail Bob Hashim, starring Angah and Along Raja Lawak as the leads. "Taikun" tells the story of two men named Tai and Kun, best friends whose only loves in life are fighting and thievery. When their vices lead them to bump into and severely beat up gang members Pink and Purple, Tai and Kun are then recruited by the gang leader, who is in awe of their skills. Will Tai and Kun accept the offer? Is it the life that they really want? romantic comedy Ngorat lacks an iota of originality, creativity and humour. Razak's film is based on many Hollywood flicks about a lucky loser who just can't seem to find a girlfriend. In the end, the loser realises that the girl he's seeking is right in front of him Nabil Raja Lawak is back again for another comedy film since his last movie "Lu Pikirlah de Movie" in 2010. Also joining him is Jue Aziz, Tauke Jambu and more in this story of comedic adventures by Grand Brilliance that brought you movies like "Klip 3GP", "Songlap", and also "Ngorat".  Love bears tells capital Kuala Lumpur digemparkan news bear cage surveillance apart from the two guards Zoo Negara, Nabu and his friend. To save the situation, Nabu makes the action that goes beyond the bounds of reason namely a bear wearing a parachute to save kerjayanya by pretending to be a bear.  Tactics become if not a State Zoo workers will squeeze the absence of a bear. However, apply if the conflict is assigned Nabu looking for the missing bear, at the same time, he is forced to impersonate the animal. Also known as "PE-3", which means Plan No. 3, this action-packed comedy film by Farid Kamil follows the story of a group of high profile robbers in Penang. Farid Kamil also stars in the film alongside Kamal Adli and Diana Amir. Hazama is a youth who dreams of becoming a singer and experiencing life with his best friend Tapai. However, so far he is only working at a motorcycle repair shop and dealing with Tapai's debts with the gangster Black, until one day they are involved in a fight. Hazama's life changes when he meets Abang Samad, a loner. He begins spending more and more time with Abang Samad until the latter falls sick one day, and Hazama is shocked to discover his ailment. Meanwhile, Laila, a reporter, has been changed to the entertainment department when she commits an error during a police operation. Hazama and Laila are brought together when Tapai and Juita asks him to meet with her cousin sister, who turns out to be Laila. With Laila's support, Hazama chases after his dream of singing, and records a song which sees positive reception, but what follows the success is only sadness... From award winning director Brian Lilla comes Ballroom Confidential, a heartfelt documentary that follows a group of rambunctious senior women and their younger dance instructors preparing for a ballroom dance performance. Perfecting dance routines partner with confessions of aging, losing life partners and crossing the line between dance instructor and student. Culminating in a passionate one time performance, Ballroom Confidential is a moving testament to aging, friendship and the power of dance.  Ravi, a collection agent for a bank, learns from his friend about a man and woman who cheat gullible people. Soon, he resolves to teach the couple a lesson. Officer Rod Davis becomes embedded undercover when a cartel starts bringing drugs into the city through fish shipments. He soon finds himself and his city under siege when a scientist accidentally creates mutant fish people with a poisonous bite. It's up to the rookie cop and a sexy lab assistant to find the drug stash and destroy the crime lord controlling the mutant monsters, but it turns personal when Rod's sister is kidnapped. Are they fighting giant mutant fish monsters just for the halibut? See the badge, bass, and ass in a horror-comedy that you won't want to throw back... because it's the "Catch of the Day." Paranoia forces small-time scam artist Marty to flee his hometown and hide out in a dangerous Detroit. With nothing but a pocket full of bogus checks, his Power Glove, and a bad temper, the horror metal slacker lashes out. Raquel (Anita Reeves), a teacher who resists the idea of retiring, one day comes to teach a class at her old school, only to find out she has been replaced with someone much younger. But she will insist on teaching, and will be supported by her former students who will occupy the classroom demanding her reinstatement, leading to a small revolution that will threaten the establishment's order. Oh Dong-sik is the completely rigid character who has always led a text-book life. Dong-sik is threatened by loan sharks when his mother signs up for a private loan in order to advance Dong-sik's father's promotion into the principal position. Dong-sik decides to become the best insurance seller in his newly transferred insurance sales team, but sales is a major challenge for the completely tactless and obstinate Dong-sik.  Then one day, Dong-sik has a chance encounter with Hyugosoo, the legendary 'master of tongue' of insurance sales industry. Hyugosoo bends his rules and accepts Dong-sik as his pupil, and Dong-sik begins to learn Hyugosoo's secrets of flattery after a great struggle. Will his teachings indeed reinvent Dong-sik into 'Mr. Ass-Kisser'? A woman who is fed up with her mundane lifestyle hatches a scheme to make her family instant celebrities by having her ex-boyfriend kidnap her 11-year-old daughter for a month. He may be small because he is just a kid, but Ajiboy is not just any kid. Quick-witted and smart-mouthed, he is entrusted by his father Fauzan to manage and care for Malacca's Water Theme Park for a short while as he has matters to attend to. However, Ajiboy's abilities are doubted by Cumi and Mat Saja, the park's supervisors who love to take advantage of their positions by giving freebies away to women. When Ajiboy finds out, he decides to punish the two by demoting them to menial cleaning tasks, which prompts them to commit a betrayal. As if he does not have his hands full already, Ajiboy has to find a wife for his father in order to fulfil his deceased mother's wishes. Also known as "Ponti Vs Omi", Afdlin Shauki's latest comedy tells the story of a rivalry between two supernatural beings, a Pontianak (Vampire) and a Orang Minyak (Oil Man) who have just been inducted into the otherworld, however, in order for newbies to be accepted by the others, they have to be tested on their skills to scare the villagers of Kampung Puaka, which also consist of five Malay shamans. Ponti is a male vampire who is hated by the other vampires because most of them are women while Omi is a soft-hearted orang minyak who drives his kind crazy because of his naivety. To make things worse, the villagers of Kampung Puaka are not afraid of supernatural beings, as they descend from lineages of shamans or are supernatural beings who have repented. What will happen to Ponti and Omi? Based on the group Sepah, "Sepah The Movie" stars its three members as three single men who work in an electronic factory near their village who are also obsessed with motor cross racing. As if the friends have not enough in common, all of them fall for a girl named Ayu Sofea, who works in the quality control department in the electronic factory where the trio also work. This leads to a series of bungling schemes and misunderstandings perpetrated by the three men in order to win Ayu Sofea's heart. To make things worse, a rival appears in the form of their new manager, called Based, who has an international degree, wealth and an equal love for motor cross. Beginner DJ Shreds and world-renowned cellist Vladimir Chizhov meet on a noisy street in Moscow barefoot man. Clicking on the strange machine, the characters are moved to the desert planet Plyuk. A remake of the beloved animated film "Kin-dza-dza!" No less fascinating and funny than the original, the adventures of the Shred and Uncle Vova. In this world of sand inhabitants are divided into two categories - patsaks and chatlan, a simple match has incredible value, and the people are met and escorted by the color of his pants. Coming soon. Amianto lives isolated in her own fantasy world, inhabited by her delusions and unbridled hope, where her ingenuity and her melancholy coexist hand in hand. After feeling abandoned by her love (The Boy), Amianto finds shelter in the presence of her dead friend, Blanche, that will protect her against her pain - at least as far as she can. Her inner universe collides with the reality of a world that does not accept her, a world to which she doesn't belong and that invariably she comes back with her playful delusions, mixing reality and fantasy. With the help of her Fairy Godmother, Amianto gathers strength to continue living in the hope of being happy someday. Though Kevin has evidenced 23 personalities to his trusted psychiatrist, Dr. Fletcher, there remains one still submerged who is set to materialize and dominate all the others. Compelled to abduct three teenage girls led by the willful, observant Casey, Kevin reaches a war for survival among all of those contained within him -- as well as everyone around him -- as the walls between his compartments shatter apart. Isabell Suba, ambitious up-and-coming director, has made it - one of her short films is in the line-up of the most important film festival of the world!  When she arrives at the 65. Cannes film festival, she has face the accomplished facts: David, her incompetent producer, has kindly sublet their cosy joint apartment to other festival guests. The other bad news: There is not a single movie in the competition directed by a woman! This affirms Isabell's qualms: The film business demands women to gear up instead of dressing up low cut!  Moreover, the chauvinistic remarks of her comrade-in-arms David who feels comfortable around the cliched gender stereotypes from the Stone Age seemingly prevalent in Cannes infuriate Isabell. As if this wasn't enough already, a shattering feedback on her new film project by a potential investor finally causes her to doubt herself. Before she can live her dream up at the Olympus of film business, she must first find out who really believes in her. Nick Gutlicht lives of illegally selling valuable books, owes money to a bunch of other crooks and has to hide from them.  By chance he ends up in the mansion of the famous, now very old philosopher Curt Ledig, who despite the age related forgetfulness and pathological kitchen phobia resists to move to his daughter. Nick is hired by the family as watchdog. Now Curt can work on a presentation for the upcoming symposium, which anybody thinks he's capable of anymore. Nick thinks he has an excellent hiding place. This partnership of convenience of the two individuals quickly develops its own momentum. Curt regards Nick as an exciting research object and subjects him to an absurd therapy. For Nick it's a unique opportunity to fund his finances with Curt's phenomenal library. The strange couple is going through turmoil of incalculable proportions. Balibar, well-known as an actress and singer, left none of her talents unused in her directing debut. In this eclectic homage to Greek tragedy, Balibar and Leon are free of any convention. With a cameo by Barbet Schroeder. Dr. Evan Cooper is the ideal match on paper and according to her grandmother, Rose Durham and friends, including an equally pushy wedding planner, for florist Laurel Haverford, who fears to be the last of her generation to get married. Yet she keeps dragging her heels after meeting cocky Stephen Banks, who is all wrong on paper but makes her heart leap by pre chemistry. A nurse provides home care to a disabled Vietnam Vet. Unknown to her, she's part of a con game cooked up by her boyfriend. In life of a talented copywriter Alex there comes a black strip. Everything he undertakes, comes to an end with a total failure, even the most good intentions turn into an accident. Only his best friend Dima and a dog Snoopy are nearby. Rescue comes unexpectedly: the real miracle laptop, by means of which even the most cherished dreams can become reality falls into Alex's hands: expensive cars, magnificent house, money... But his main goal is - to get a job in the prestigious advertising agency and to deserve love of a cover-girl Mary who is going about with Fyodor, the deputy head of advertising agency. The power and money spoil Alex, but passing through many adventures he understands that even the finest and magic device won't be able to supply love, friendship and real life. Taew, Mod Dum, and Cartoon are expanding their business so they bought another dormitory. However, faith is not so kind as this dormitory is also haunted. The ghost is a troubled soul because she was murdered and she is hence looking for vengeance. They need to call Pancake back to help as it's a race against time to find the ghost's killer before their business goes bankrupt.  In ancient Rome, bathhouse architect Lucius (Hiroshi Abe) becomes famous with designing the original "thermae" (bathhouse). He receives an order to build a thermae in the colosseum to help gladiators recover from their wounds, but faces difficulties. Thus, Lucius travels again to modern day Japan through the time slip. He meets Manami (Aya Ueto) again, who is now a reporter for a magazine which covers bathroom. With the help of the flat face Japanese tribe, Lucius again designs a new thermae.  Meanwhile, Emperor Hadrian (Masachika Ichimura) wants to keep the peace with the thermae, but the Senate wants to extend the land by using force. Emperor Hadrian and the Senate now have a confrontation and Rome becomes divided. Captain Sabertooths world sets the stage for stormy and magnificent adventures, in which the children demonstrate courage, shrewdness and vigour in their battle against evil. The audience will enter the pirate vessel The Black Lady and join the youngster Tiny and his girl friend Raven on an adventurous voyage from the pirate alleys in Abra Harbour to the colourful and exotic Lama Rama. Together with Captain Sabertooth and his crew, they brave towering waves and travel through deep jungles in their search for King Rufus fabled treasure. The film is a thrilling story, in which we follow a young boy in tireless search for the truth about his missing father. This voyage evolves into an adventure which will change Tinys life forever. Captain Sabertooth and the Lama Rama Treasure will be a magnificent and humorous live action feature film for the whole family. Olivier and Leo, two brothers that are moved to Paris and that life has separated ... If the first sees himself as a journalist without concessions, the second is an ambitious and opportunistic communication adviser. Noemie, a charming presidential adviser, can not, over the years, choose between them. To the amusement of Sylvain, their childhood friend, who made his fortune in Pink Minitel, their destinies intersect over 20 years, are intertwined, in a funny epic, tender and nostalgic, in the 80 / 90.  Dante is One of the top comedians in the world! He was a cast member on NBC's Last Comic Standing! Winner of the most B.E.T. Comedy Awards! He has performed for more US troops than anyone since Bob Hope! Grand Prize winner of ABC's America's Funniest People! Dante has appeared in over 40 TV shows and Movies! Winner of over 20 comedy contests! He has opened for and performed with Richard Pryor, Milton Berle, Robin Williams, Andrew Dice Clay, Sam Kinison and more! He can perform Dirty to corporate clean! Dante has performed to over one million people live! Felistas is cursed. She stinks. No one can stand to stay near her. This causes her to separate from her family and live as a lonely outcast in an abandoned house.  But one day, a witchdoctor finds a solution. A cry-baby man can inherit the smell from her. Felistas is hesitant to grab the opportunity, because she does not want another person to live through the pain that she has, but she longs to reunite with her husband and child. So she kidnaps such a man, Dan, who is a virgin desperate to get married.  However, Dan recently got a job that makes him very rich. This attracts the attention of Kate, a gold-digger woman who he has wooed for a long time, and that of a corrupt cop, Jomba, who frames him for murder in an extortion scheme. As Felistas races against time to deliver Dan to the witch and win back her husband's love, it turns into a high-energy chase with a voluptuous Kate and a trigger-happy Jomba hot on her tail.  Raja Raja Kammath and Deva Raja Kammath are two brothers who owns a chain of restaurants that specializes in making Dosa. The story begins when they come to Palakkad to open a new restaurant. The Night of the Chihuahua is a freaky comedy, that refers to comic, surrealism and terror. In his newly rented apartment, Juan, a comic book fan, waits a sexy gothic girl to spend the night. But just before she gets there, a friend of Juan shows up asking for shelter for an unusual reason: he is afraid to become a werewolf. When the full moon rises, Juan sees with horror and dismay how his friend becomes a ridiculous dogman. What could have been an ordinary night, ends up full of werewolves, deals with the devil, vampires, exorcists and ex girlfriends. Love Thing captures the emerging multicultural spirit and personal freedom of the late 1970s with an outrageous attitude and experimental style. A work in progress now finally completed it's the last American musical comedy from that era which can be viewed today as a prophetic satire. Through its provocative, entertaining storyline highlighted by song and dance, the movie answers the burning question of our time, "What happens after the marriage? A close-knit circle of Toronto friends, shaken by the break-up of their favorite couple, are forced over a winter to finally grow up. A young man goes on a road trip with an old lady he saves from a hospital. Tyler Perry's new musical stage play starring the infamous Mabel Simmons or "Madea" as her fans know her. When a judge orders Madea to do 20 hours of community service at a local retirement home the residents and staff are not ready for Madea's brand of "the truth", but all is well that ends well when Madea helps the residence of Easy Rest Retirement Home realize the importance of family, love and forgiveness.  The clock is ticking towards The Last Minute, but no one knows it. No one except Billy Byrne - young, cool and talented, he's the Next Big Thing. At least that's what the London glitterazzi are saying, on the streets, in the clubs, in the Business. But the glitterazzi turn out to be wrong and Billy Byrne is all over in a split second. His world detonates. His self-esteem splinters. Suddenly he's on a rollercoaster ride into the London underworld - a dangerous land of murderers, thieves and talent agents. (Copied from IMDB page) A bullied teen experiences a turning point summer in which he learns to stand up for himself. De Kampioenen travel to France to play a friendly soccer match against the team of one of Boma's business partners. What had to become a nice holiday, ends up totally different than De Kampioenen expected. This is the auto fiction of M., a film-freak. On account of two consecutive retinal detachments, he almost goes totally blind. During 40 bed-ridden days, he'll be obliged to lie prone with both eyes closed.  It's the hope that sustains the spirit of every GI: the dream of the day when he will finally return home. For three WWII veterans, the day has arrived. But for each man, the dream is about to become a nightmare. Captain Fred Derry is returning to a loveless marriage; Sergeant Al Stephenson is a stranger to a family that's grown up without him; and young sailor Homer Parrish is tormented by the loss of his hands. Can these three men find the courage to rebuild their world? Or are the best years of their lives a thing of the past? A man named Valentine is alone on Valentine's Day., and it drives him mad. Meanwhile, other couples are experiencing their own problems.  When some college students get together for a hot tub party, they're shocked to find out that their party is being crashed by some tiny, uninvited guests who are hungry for flesh - human flesh. Jatt is a mischievous lovable sort of a guy whilst Juliet is the typical Punjabi modern day girl. Sparks fly when their paths cross on their way to Canada due to their different outlook on life. But as faith brings them together time and time again their hatred for each slowly turns into friendship only to realize its true meaning when they get separated. Will life give them one more chance to prove their love for each other or will they continue to be at loggerheads? A team of con men fall for a Begum and her female confidante. Does their love fructify? Step aside Dirk Gently, there's a new private eye in town. There's no case too big, too small or too odd for Young Gun. The frizzy haired, wispy moustached, Hawaiian shirted PI takes his work seriously. Pay no mind to his tarted up secretary/taskmaster or to the fact that his master of gadgets also happens to run a sex shop. Ignore also that his choice of attire hints at a deep admiration for MAGNUM PI. When you hire Young Gun the job gets done. Three struggling room-mates unknowingly become potential prey of a ruthless gangster A gogo dancer quantum-leaps into the body of Jesus. She doesn't believe that the experience is real, so she has fun altering biblical events. In this slacker bro-mantic comedy, writing partners Dulal and Mainak dream of shaking up the Bollywood film industry with their script "Sulemani Keeda" (Hindi street slang for "Pain in the Ass"). When they're not being rejected by producers who refuse to read their script, they lurk around bookstores and poetry slams shamelessly hitting on girls. They find some hope when the drug addled, cat-obsessed Gonzo Kapoor, the son of a famous B movie producer, hires them to write an art house film billed as "Tarkovsky with orgies" for his directorial debut. All seems well until Dulal meets Ruma, a beautiful photographer who makes him question his choice to sell out. Preman (Fahad fazil)is the caretaker of a flat at Cochin. Everyone in the flat calls him 'Natholi'. He faces some unfortunate events in the flat and begins to write a story with the same characters in his real life and plays with their lives in his story. The film revolves around the story of the conflict between Preman and the character he creates. He has lost his control over the character he creates and the movie plots ahead with the interaction between them. Best friends Sam and Carlo do everything together. They do have one secret between them, however: Sam is actually gay, and he's in love with Carlo. The problem is that Carlo is a big time homophobic, so Sam has to put up an act around him all the time. But when Carlo gets into some trouble, Sam sees an opportunity to finally come out to his friend. He tries to solve Carlo's problems, hoping to use the goodwill to win him over. But something unexpected happens. When a virginal artist falls in love with a call girl, she turns out to be the chosen bride of the alien god Cthulhu. To save her, he must stop an ancient cult from summoning their god and destroying mankind. With his 20th reunion looming, Dan can't shake his high school insecurities. In a misguided mission to prove he's changed, Dan rekindles a friendship with the popular guy from his class and is left scrambling to protect more than just his reputation when a wild night takes an unexpected turn. Jackson Slate, famous treasure hunter, is out to find the legendary Lost Gold Of Cortez in the open waters off a secluded island in the Caribbean Sea. Using dynamite to blast his way through centuries of silt, new chasms are created reaching miles below the ancient ocean floor. From here, an ancient evil is released, that quickly, savagely, and without warning, destroys Jackson s boat and kills his crew. The sole survivor of the carnage, Jackson teams up with marine biologist, Sarah, to venture back to the site and investigate the horrific events. They extract an egg from the darkest depths of the ocean and take it back to the lab to investigate. But when it hatches, they realise they have awaken a deadly prehistoric monster, the P-Rex, which will stop at nothing until the entire island is destroyed... A film about Finnish artist Kalervo Palsa who was completely neglected by his peers and time The Warwick family are unknowingly being filmed for a new reality show. Problem is, they're boring. So the producer must add conflict and drama to their lives. Their lives begin to unravel with shocking consequences. Five notorious villains-Mr. Wolf, Mr. Snake, Mr. Piranha, Mr. Shark and Ms. Tarantula-who've spent a lifetime together pulling off big heists. When the magic powers of The Tablet of Ahkmenrah begin to die out, Larry Daley spans the globe, uniting favorite and new characters while embarking on an epic quest to save the magic before it is gone forever. The evil T.H.E.Y. organization is out to stop ex T.H.E.M. agent, Sandra West. Can Superseven thwart Their, (T.H.E.Y.'s) master plan? Dorababu (Srikanth) is a filthy rich guy who spends his entire time enjoying with his friends in his village. Dorababu tried to lure Swapna (Vidisha), who is a well educated and comes to village to see her grandfather (Ranganath). In this process, Swapna falls for Srikanth and make him understand her love for him. Though Swapna's grandfather is reluctant to agree for the marriage, later on he gives nod for the marriage. All of a sudden everyone comes to know that Dorababu is going to die and this surprises everyone. What is the secret beyond Dorababu ? How is Dorababu related to Sri Krishna Devaraya? All these incidents form the rest of the story Stuck at a crossroads in her personal life, it falls on high school English teacher Miss Stevens to chaperone three of her students -- Billy, Margot and Sam -- on a weekend trip to a drama competition. The first feature length film to use three-strip Technicolor film. Adapted from a play that was adapted from William Makepeace Thackeray's book "Vanity Fair", the film looks at the English class system during the Napoleonic Wars era. A triptych of short stereoscopic films by Peter Greenaway, Jean-Luc Godard and Edgar Pera. Includes "The Three Disasters" by Godard, "Cinesapiens" by Pera and "Just in Time" by Greenaway. A Punjabi film starring Amrinder Gill, Mandy Takhar and  Yo Yo Honey Singh, who also composed the music. Alan made all the responsible choices in life: a steady job, a pretty wife, a safe and happy existence. But after his marriage with Mary disintegrates, he is suddenly plunged back into a bachelor's life at 32, forced to face the cost of the all things he gave up in his twenties. Meandering between newfound hobbies, his job, and meeting new women, Alan attempts to regain all the experiences he passed on while he was married. Travis and Gabby first meet as neighbors in a small coastal town and wind up in a relationship that is tested by life's most defining events. Telugu romantic comedy film written and directed by Nandini Reddy under the banner of Sri Sai Ganesh Productions. A woman is wrongly accused of murdering her husband in Edwardian London. Just before the outbreak of World War I, Edith Graydon married her boyfriend Percy Thomson. He survives the war but theirs is not a happy marriage. She doesn't really love him and he feels it every day. He's also possessive and their daily life is a constant battle. She meets and falls in love with Frederick Bywaters, her sister's one-time boyfriend. They have a long affair and her desperate attempts to get either a formal separation of divorce from her husband falls on deaf ears. They are at their wits end and Bywaters decides to do something about it. On a dark evening when Edith is walking with her husband, Bywaters stabs him to death. Edith is charged with murder along with Bywaters and both are found guilty. She claims her innocence right up until the day they are both executed by hanging in 1923. Base on a true story. A group of degenerate serial date rapists have the tables turned on them when a masked killer begins to hunt them down one by one, and killing them in the most painful, degrading way possible. After public school student Roddy Berwick takes the blame for a friend's transgression and is expelled, his life goes downhill. Through a case of mistaken identity, a young executive falls for a man who doesn't fit the life plan she's followed since childhood. A titan of industry is sent to prison after she's caught for insider trading. When she emerges ready to rebrand herself as America's latest sweetheart, not everyone she screwed over is so quick to forgive and forget. To the beat of punk and pop, Valentina and Joana pursue their most intimate and deepest dreams. On the road to success, they will find obstacles that will test their friendship. The harshness and absurdity of their lives, fuses with the sweet and sour story of a world where the party seems to go on forever. Max and Annie's weekly game night gets kicked up a notch when Max's brother Brooks arranges a murder mystery party -- complete with fake thugs and federal agents. So when Brooks gets kidnapped, it's all supposed to be part of the game. As the competitors set out to solve the case, they start to learn that neither the game nor Brooks are what they seem to be. The friends soon find themselves in over their heads as each twist leads to another unexpected turn over the course of one chaotic night. A young Glaswegian prostitute in London tries to start a new life. A little girl who dresses as a boy to steal so she can support herself and her guardian who is like a father to her. One day while stealing meets a young man who gives her a job and becomes good friends with her. A Thai comedy about two lazy, quirky bikers who discover than an alien has infested Thailand. The buddies find themselves reluctant heroes when they have to lead the mission to save the world from the uninvited visitors.  Mariano, 16, inexplicably and without warning, shoots himself twice and improbably survives. Then, life goes on. His brother pursues a romance with a girl working at a fast-food joint, his mother takes off on a trip with a stranger, and Mariano recruits a woman to join his medieval wind ensemble. In their dilapidated church headquarters, a dispirited cult awaits the sign to off themselves. Their hapless leader, Dave, concocts a plan: to quell infighting and give them purpose in life, he fakes a prophecy instructing them to make a movie and share their story with the world. They don't know the first thing about film production, but in making the movie the cult members find a uniting purpose. Then, just as they hit their stride, Dave receives a true prophecy. It's time for them to "exit." A plotting Duke leaves his kingdom in the hands of a prudish soldier, who evokes an arcane law making fornication punishable by death - but who then abuses his power when he becomes obsessed with an even more chaste young man. Two strangers meet in Manhattan on New Year's Eve, and both of their lives are forever transformed in this romantic Bollywood drama. Even as they try to preserve their current relationships, neither can resist falling head over heels for the other. High school student Kyosuke Shikijo is the most talented member of the school's martial arts of the fist club. His late father was detective and Kyosuke share his father's strong sense of justice. Kyosuke also has a secret. Kyosuke likes to wear female underwear and transforms himself into the alter ego "Hentai Kamen," wearing female underwear and gaining superhuman powers. This unusual interest also comes from his parents, with his father a masochist and his mother a sadist. By chance, Kyosuke gets the underwear of female high school student Aiko Himeno. With her underwear, he gains various pervert techniques and attempts to protect Aiko from a dirty and heinous teacher. Zombie short. Matchmaker Nediljko Babic, also known as "Gangster", helps a Bulgarian single mother find a new husband in Croatia. But a series of comically disastrous dates discloses the true nature of conservative Croatian men: they would rather die alone than marry a foreigner with a child. The Navy expects a veteran (Jerry Lewis) to pay for the ship he commanded, as they have no record of its return. On the planet Civis 3, the cultural center of a distant galaxy, a small alien boy named Neddie has a dream. He wants to do his part to help save the galaxy from a tyrannical warlord. When Neddie finds an ancient starship from a forgotten era, he and his young friends take flight to stop the evil General Disdain. Madge Hooper, owner of several small businesses in town, was killed during one of her daily walks along Yellow Ridge woods in the 1970's. She died of a single shot gun blast to the chest then finished off by decapitation. Madge's head was buried somewhere in the area of Yellow Ridge. Legend has it that if you go to a particular part of the woods at a particular time of day you can see the ghost of Madge Hooper wandering around in the woods looking for her head. After some bizarre killings of innocent campers begin to surface, John and Clarence, two local good 'ole boys set out to prove that the ghost of Madge Hooper actually exists. Max the terrier must cope with some major life changes when his owner gets married and has a baby. When the family takes a trip to the countryside, nervous Max has numerous run-ins with canine-intolerant cows, hostile foxes and a scary turkey. Luckily for Max, he soon catches a break when he meets Rooster, a gruff farm dog who tries to cure the lovable pooch of his neuroses. Many five-story buildings was built in Moscow during the sixties of the last century. Service life of these houses was designed for 50 years. Now these houses are destroyed in order to build new houses in their place. Digger crushes concrete blocks like cardboard. He looks like a dragon with a long neck. After two or three days dragon will grind house where Sasha and Lena live. But they don't have place to go. Relatives have taken Sasha's apartment ownership forcing him to sign the documents when he was drunk. Now Sasha's sister is ready to buy a room to Sasha, but she not allow him take Lena. Sasha does not agree, Sasha loves Lena. And Iron Dragon is coming. Desperate for companionship, a lonely, young Palestinian-American man agrees to marry an Israeli woman in need of a Green Card, forcing them to re-examine their respective cultural and familial traditions. The Life of Mahmoud Kain Flanagan; truck driver and film maker whose film "Ejareh Neshinha" was screened internationally This is Emerson Lake & Palmer captured at the very beginning of a legendary career. Filmed at the time when the band had only just recorded their ground breaking first album ELP had to use all of their huge individual creative talents to create a full show. This is an essential addition to the collection of any fan of the progressive rock era. Experience the transformation two stud bears undertake as they attempt to win a professional Starcraft 2 tournament. Zack and Jason begin as casual n00bs, but their journey through a powerful training camp, taught by some of the worlds best video game players and iconic celebrities, will make them uber. Fragging small fry and training leads up to a climactic finale that will rip your head off and change a whole world's life. Along the way they discover a gaming ecosystem and community bigger and cooler than anything you could ever imagine. An inside look into one of the worlds fastest growing professional sports. Die Noobs will pwn your heart. Judith, an uptight divorcee, is appalled when her daughter Lily quits law school to move into a commune of hippie-misfits who live according to the behavioural principles of the bonobo monkey, a species famous for its 'make love not war' philosophy. A vlogger, a cat, a cult, and the second-coming of Jesus Christ. A typical weekend down the shore takes a bizarre turn as six girls and five obnoxious fist-pumpers become the unsuspecting targets of a deranged killer. Five friends, battered by life, reunite after twenty years for a weekend in a remote guest house. Their hosts and the mysterious manor itself will challenge them all to see the world through new eyes. The First part of Olympia, a documentary about the 1936 Olympic games in Berlin by German Director Leni Riefenstahl. The film played in theaters in 1938 and again in 1952 after the fall of the Nazi Regime. A small town boy gets trapped by his own lies. Veteran funnyman Louie Anderson returns to the stage in this hilarious stand-up comedy special, taking an unconventional and jovial look at his bad habits, pesky family members and aging body. The main character, Helmi, is born into the house of Baron von Strandmann in Old-Town Tallinn, in 1908. The only thing that she knows for sure about her past is that her mother was an Estonian servant girl. Everything else is a discovery during a life that runs the course of a century - a life that has quite a lot of surprises in store for Helmi. In this house she finds happiness and suffering, passion and disappointment. She grows up alongside young Erik and waits for her big love to blossom. But one floor down lives projectionist Julius - a man who is far from indifferent when it comes to Helmi. All of the biggest historical events of the century leave their mark on the house. Its hardwood floors have born soldiers' gruff boots and gentleman's shiny oxfords. Its walls have held the fates of people from far and near, foreigners and locals. Helmi's home becomes a German salon, a revolution museum, and a working class commune. And as freedom comes, real estate crooks start sniffing ... Russell Crowe stars as Detective Cristofuoro, a semi-retired police officer who is trying to unravel the past to discover whether a violent teenager, Eric Poole (Jon Foster), was responsible for the murder of his family. Sophie Traub co-stars as Lori, the teenage runaway who falls under Eric's spell. Based on the novel by Robert Cormier. A turf war has been raging in Oldtown for generations. On one side, The Syndicate - an evil gang of crank-head misfits, who has been set on muscling the San Diego family out of the parcel of land they own in the center of town. On the other side, the San Diego family: Tony and Johnny - twin brothers, and their sister Salsa are the last of a bloodline that stretches back for generations. Their mother, father and brothers were all brutally murdered in a violent clash with The Syndicate years earlier. With their neighborhood becoming increasingly fearful, The Syndicate puts into action another evil advance on their family's fading legacy by kidnapping Salsa - all hell breaks loose. The twins and their best friend Chuck Hank must decide whether to hand over the deed to their families land in order to save their sister or fight, the final fight! What if Apollo 11 never actually made it? What if, in reality, Stanley Kubrick secretly shot the famous images of the moon landing in a studio, working for the US administration? This is the premise of a totally plausible conspiracy theory that takes us to swinging sixties London, where a stubborn CIA agent will never find Kubrick but is forced to team up with a lousy manager of a seedy rock band to develop the biggest con of all time. A mysterious man from Alaska, known to be from the dark side, becomes addicted to sucking crack blood. He single handedly ends up cleaning the streets of Hollywood of all crack users and drug dealers.  Some of the most progressive skateboarding ever captured on film, shot for over three years on location at legendary spots, DIY parks, and landmarks across the globe. When his girlfriend leaves him for the star quarterback, a college man sets out to destroy the athlete he once revered. An adaptation of celebrity chef Nigel Slater's bestselling memoir, 'Toast' is the ultimate nostalgic trip through everything edible in 1960's Britain. Nigel's mother was always a poor cook, but her chronic asthma and addiction to all things canned does not help. Seeking funds for her orphanage in India, Isabelle travels to New York to meet Theresa, a wealthy benefactor. An invitation to attend a wedding ignites a series of events in which the past collides with the present while mysteries unravel. Comedy - Will, a 30-year old who is losing control of his life, inherits his father's cabin and with it a new perspective on his family, childhood and relationships. -  Andy Cohen, Jillian Leigh, Chris Mollica If you can imagine Lethal Weapon with Mel Gibson and Danny Glover as younger, hotter ex-boyfriends, you'll have the basis for Hot Guys With Guns, a modern take on the old-fashioned detective story. It's Chinatown meets Boystown. When Chris proposes to his girlfriend Sharon, she gives him a love ultimatum; He has 30 days to conquer his anger issues or she won't marry him.  A young actor falls in love with a mysterious being encountered in a dream. The two main characters of this ironic account of the general condition of intellectuals are the charming psychologist, Korin Gyorgy, and the unexpected. Korin starts a television series of people in their 40s. In the afternoon just after the first section, however, he is reported to be dead as a result of a rather strange accident. Everything turns upside down. Romantic comedy about Nick Peters reuniting with the girl of his dreams, only to discover he must "out" the man of hers. When Nazis, sasquatches and a family of psychotic cannibal hillbillies threaten to ruin a hillbilly family reunion all hell breaks loose in Grass County. A neurotic fashion designer from New York, who discovers her fiancee working overseas in Vietnam may be having an affair with a Vietnamese supermodel. With jealousy burning and their wedding date on the horizon, she conjures up a scheme to infiltrate the high fashion world of Saigon in order to catch him in the act. But her plan backfires when she befriends the supermodels and discovers there is much more to life than living it through a series of checklists. A beautiful muse inspires an artist and his older friend to convert a dilapidated auditorium into a lavish rollerskating club. Doug and Abi  and their three children travel to the Scottish Highlands for Doug's father Gordie's birthday party. It's soon clear that when it comes to keeping a secret under wraps from the rest of the family, their children are their biggest liability... When Daniel and Isabelle invite Patrick and his new flame, Emma, to dinner, it's with some misgivings. After all, Patrick has just dumped his ex-wife -- their best friend -- to run off with a much younger woman. But when the ravishing Emma appears, all of Daniel's qualms fly out of the window. He's instantly smitten with the seductive woman... In this Indonesian dramedy, high-schooler Rully's whole life changes when he moves in with his mother in a remote village. His new school feels like a prison camp filled with thugs and bullies, and even an innocent crush on a beautiful girl leads him to more trouble than he can imagine. A series of tragicomic events during the three last days of a Greek Easter. It isn't easy to find a dream to chase when you're young, but Mugiko (Maki Horikita) has one: she can't wait to become an anime voice actress. Saving up for classes while she works part time in a manga store, she lives with her older, gambler brother (Ryuhei Matsuda) after her father's death. When the mother (Kimiko Yo) she never knew turns up out of nowhere and moves in, it only causes irritation for the aspiring otaku. But when her mother just as quickly disappears, it leaves Mugiko (or "Sweet Pea") searching for answers, bringing her back to her mother's hometown to discover what happened to her mother's own dream. A married, indie band duo regretfully takes a job on a children's show ("Rumperbutts"). Despite the money &amp; success, they are miserable. However, on one magical evening, a mysterious man appears &amp; gives them a second chance. Caught between two worlds, one real and one imagined, three filmmakers have travelled 4000-miles across Europe to understand Live Action Role-Play (LARP), the hobby where these worlds collide. In its essence, LARP is an extension of how you experienced games as a child. When tabletop games grew too big for the board, players put down their dice, picked up their swords, and have been playing make-believe ever since. The culmination of years-old conversations in a local pub, Treasure Trapped is part-documentary, part-road movie; a film that charts the journey of Mike, Al and Nick, as they explore this often misunderstood pastime. Casting a unique look over a worldwide community that is known for its eccentricities, this project aspires to bring the hobby to the masses. Game on! British sad sack Gary is a failed entrepreneur who has just arrived in Beijing's stylish Sanlitun district, allegedly to start a business. There are other reasons why he has uprooted himself -- he's followed his ex-wife and young son, for one -- but he soon finds out that China isn't the easiest place to succeed. Blissfully untouched by self-awareness, and only fitfully in tune with reality, Gary sallies forth to make money, armed with faith in himself and little to no knowledge of Chinese culture. He soon hooks up with Frank, a trust-fund kid from Australia who offers to mentor Gary in Eastern ways, although Frank's pedagogical method is restricted to yelling at Gary for being a Westerner and not being as "Chinese" as him. An unaccredited tour guide and a heartbroken tourist form a romantic bond as they explore the wilds of Philippine Islands. Comedy that takes the audience on a pub crawl around the seaside town of Hastings with its ensemble of fun and kooky characters as they tackle everyday life. Captain Maddocks will never be promoted beyond Captain because of a mistake that he made in the past. Lt. McQuade is a green rookie who is now under the command of the tough Captain and he does not seem to be able to do anything right. Lt. McQuade also has trouble with Tracey, but it will be the renegade Indians that will test him and teach him the importance of following orders.  An aspiring stand-up comic must try to stop his lesbian best friend from coming out to her conservative family in order to save their friendship. The Cleary brothers, Sam (John Cena), Leo (Ethan Embry) and Douglas (Boyd Holbrook) took dysfunctional families to a new level: Sam and Leo have grown up hating each other and neither likes their juvenile delinquent kid brother, Douglas, to whom they've only recently been introduced. The sons share the same father, a womanizing drunk, but all have different mothers. Their father died a rich man and when they're brought together by their sister Nina (Amy Smart) to learn which of them will inherit the old man`s fortune, they are handed an unpleasant surprise.  This hateful world only allows handsome guys to date! 'Below average guy' and Chinese restaurant delivery guy Kang Dae-oh was born single and solo until now. He has a crush on college girl Ye-rin whom he fell in love with at first sight but is blocked by her spec and hasn't been able to tell her his feelings yet. Diana, the Rebellious, and Justin, the Mysterious, throw us into a road movie from France to Great Britain. A runaway ? A quest ? Nobody knows...Diana is living openly under the yoke of Justin that she had found back. Night and day, as a novelist, she writes. Robert and Paula, office co-workers, start a relationship full of ups and downs to forget their respective ex. Will they make it? A couple goes on a cross-country road trip from North Carolina to Los Angeles. Along the way they visit filming locations for some of their favorite movies while they fall in and out of love. Three interconnected stories explore the complicated relationships of young, attractive Argentinian adults searching for true love A college student inherits a billboard sign business and inadvertently advertises her dating status while trying to sell ad space. A researcher for the CIA who convinces his superiors to send him to the eastern bloc in order to avenge the murder of his wife by enemy agents discovers a web of deception underneath his wife's death. A former war vet, a misanthrope, and an illegal immigrant seek salvation in a pair of inexperienced drug dealers staked out at a run-down desert motel. Incensed by the tabloid culture which celebrates it, the L.A. Slasher publicly abducts a series of reality TV stars, while the media and general public in turn begin to question if society is better off without them. A biting, social satire about reality TV and the glorification of people who are famous for simply being famous, "L.A. Slasher" explores why it has become acceptable and even admirable for people to become influential and wealthy based on no merit or talent - purely through notoriety achieved through shameful behavior. A dog groomer in Hollywood aspires to be more than a dog groomer in Hollywood. Michael Pinkney is a man struggling with his lower income lifestyle in the shadow of the film industry. HIs job is degrading, his home is filled with rats, and his mind constantly wanders into a lo-fi dreamscape that mirrors his analog video experiments. Michael's menial routine spirals out of control when he meets Cora, the girl of his dreams. Sabit Kanca lives alone and has a mind full of knowledge. He enters a television game show in which he shows off his mental prowess!  Mistaken for Strangers follows The National on its biggest tour to date. Newbie roadie Tom (lead singer Matt Berninger's younger brother) is a heavy metal and horror movie enthusiast, and can't help but put his own spin on the experience. Inevitably, Tom's moonlighting as an irreverent documentarian creates some drama for the band on the road. The film is a hilarious and touching look at two very different brothers, and an entertaining story of artistic aspiration. Art, a drug-addicted dealer and hustler, arrives at his girlfriend Cody's apartment to find that she has overdosed on heroin. He tries to fix things by traveling back in time in an attempt to prevent her death. Introverted Weichung has been married to Feng for nine years. They have one son together, and Feng would like to have another child with him. One day Stephen, an old friend who now organises weddings, appears and encourages Weichung to return to the gay life he had previously. Anxious not to lose his wife, Weichung tentatively begins seeing a flight attendant behind Feng's back. Mormon Missionaries begin teaching two birdbrained members of the mafia who think the Elders are messengers from "The Boss" with a hidden message on the next hit.  Telugu movie from SMr. Pellikoduku (English: Mr. Bride Groom) is a 2013 Telugu film directed by Devi Prasad starring Sunil and Isha Chawla in the lead roles. This movie is produced by N. V. Prasad and Paras Jain on Megaa Super Good Films Banner while S. A. Rajkumar scored the Music.[2] This film is an official remake of 2011 Hindi film Tanu Weds Manu directed by Anand L. Rai starring R. Madhavan and Kangna Ranaut in the Lead Roles  Lucky Jackson arrives in town with his car literally in tow ready for the first Las Vegas Grand Prix - once he has the money to buy an engine. He gets the cash easily enough but mislays it when the pretty swimming pool manageress takes his mind off things. It seems he will lose both race and girl, problems made more difficult by rivalry from Elmo Mancini, fellow racer and womaniser For the past 25 years, Mario Diaz has crafted his own iconic image as the premier LGBT nightlife king, throwing some of the sexiest and wildest parties from New York to LA, including the insanely appealing Hot Dog, BFD and Full Frontal Disco. CLUB KING combines Diaz's personal reflections with candid interviews and archival footage from the East and West Coast's hottest queens (including Jackie Beat), go-go boys, and artists like Scooter La Forge and Justin Vivian Bond, resulting in a dizzyingly wild ride. As Diaz himself says, "It's a tough job but somebody's gotta do it."  Two entertainers destined for the big time are mismatched in a casting office from two very different online contests. Tony, a stripper from New York, is cast in an Off-Broadway musical and needs to trade in his tear-away trunks for tap shoes and tights. Anthony, a naive musical theatre enthusiast from Montana, needs to decide if he can strip all the way down just to stay in town. Hilarity ensues as they realize that "to make it" they're gonna have to learn some new tricks. Camp Beaverton is the Home for Wayward Girls, the only queer, all women, trans-inclusive, sex positive theme camp set within Burning Man, an 8-day experimental art festival that encourages radical self expression found deep within the Nevada desert. The Beavers create a safe space to explore their boundaries while they build a community of friendship, trust, and lifelong relationships. Lucas Simons has become obsessed with death following the loss of his older brother. A shy child, Lucas spends most of his free time filming funerals in an attempt to understand what happens when we die. When Lucas accidentally captures a mysterious presence in one of his films and posts it online, he inadvertently becomes a YouTube phenomenon and the target of media speculation. Suddenly, he and his grief-numbed parents find themselves thrust into the spotlight, shaking them out of their complacency while complicating their relationship. Lucas's quest for answers leads him toward an unlikely friendship with Chris Brighton (Tim Meadows), a local author who died for nine minutes and lived to tell about it. As Chris takes on a mentor role to Lucas, he helps him navigate the fame while teaching him how to embrace life again and live larger than the shadow of death. (from Nashville Film Festival)  First person video that allows the viewer a chance to simulate raping and murdering Misty Mundae. Observational glimpse into the under the radar world of boys unfolds over two years through the experiences of Noah and Colin, two friends who attend an elite private boys' school. Documentary follows the boys as they navigate from grade eight to the senior school, playing video games, singing like angels in the choir, and alternately goofing off or napping in class. Do you become what we hate? High School janitor Don Mullen appears to hate everyone, especially cats. "A Janitor's Territory" was a finalist for the Parsec Award for Best Speculative Fiction Story. Justin Wayne Lynn won the Best Shorts Award of Merit for Best Supporting Actor, for his portrayal of the pompous Mr. Fey. After Robert, a marrying-up groom, 'accidentally' shoots his fiance's Maid of Honor in the face during a drunken skeet-shooting session, his meddling mother does whatever it takes to ensure the wedding takes place. A new take on the classic story of a group of twenty-something kids' weekend of terror at the lake house. Eddie lands his first teaching gig at an inner city middle school and finds his highly pubescent pupils are receiving no form of sexual education. Eddie isn't really equipped to teach them...he's not exactly experienced romantically. Documentary charting the life of blues guitarist B.B. King, with contributions from fellow musicians. Ordinary people find extraordinary courage in the face of madness. On 13-14 November 1990 that madness came to Aramoana, a small New Zealand seaside town, in the form of a lone gunman with a high-powered semi-automatic rifle. As he stalked his victims the terrified and confused residents were trapped for 24 hours while a handful of under-resourced and under-armed local policemen risked their lives trying to find him and save the survivors. Based on true events. A long time ago... in the summer of 1981, a tragedy of epic proportions (a broken plastic bat) sends five friends on an epic adventure to the mall. All they have to do is follow The Stream and back. Two warring chefs and their restaurants are threatened by the 3-month deadline imposed to them by Don Manolo to vacate their place for it will be sold to a condominium developer.  A group of white-collar employees work against a tight deadline to launch a new energy drink, with the hope that they will be rewarded with a year-end bonus. The film explores the life of office workers and whether they have other dreams in life besides making money. All Benny wants to do is be more confident, stop thinking so much and fall in love. When he has a chance encounter with Jordan, a woman obsessed with the notion of fate and a magical kind of love, he may finally have the opportunity. That is, if he can get out of his own way and out of his head. Pretend We're Kissing is a film for all of those who don't think their love life resembles a romantic comedy. To-Quim is a seemingly ordinary teenager, until the day he joins a band of black metal, the hand of a friend and Anita knows the drummer for who ends up falling in love. The marriage of Robert and Elizabeth is collapsing, both concentrating on their jobs (journalist, mother) rather than each other. The film looks at a week in their lives. Robert sleeps with their babysitter, Marianne, while Elizabeth talks with their friends, Juliet and Alex. 16 year old JULIET BELLO lives on a ranch with her stepmother KIM and two irritating stepbrothers, CRAIG and PETE. Since her father died the ranch has been going downhill, until in desperation Kim has to entertain the offer from businessman MONTGOMERY BEETLE or else face foreclosure. But Juliet thinks she has a secret that could keep the ranch open: her horse, HORATIO, can talk! Two lifelong best friends, obsessed with making Youtube-style prank videos, become mortal enemies when they both fall for the same girl and enter into a series of dangerous and bizarre challenges in order to win her favor. Two oafs must rescue their stranded pal in Mexico.  A broken-hearted guy meets a girl who turns his life around - he'd be crazy not to fall in love with her. Award winning comedian Angelo Tsarouchas' latest one-hour comedy special takes him back to his ancestral home as he performs for a sold out audience in Athens, Greece. No other westernized comedian has ever done this before! Recorded live, "A Night In Athens", takes you on a funny ride as he entertains you with stories of the challenges of growing up Greek in the diaspora and shares his experiences combining the Greek and Western cultures he lovingly refers to as Grenglish. A documentary crew follows California assemblyman, Coleman Burleson, as he presents his plan to cure the climate crisis, energy issues, unemployment, illegal immigration, obesity, our dependence on foreign oil, and more with one unprecedented solution - to hire undocumented workers to ride bicycles that generate electricity in his factory. Greta is a film student who wants to make a movie in Chiguayante. She neither has actors nor a decent camera, but everything changes when she meets Elder McAvoy, a Mormon missionary whom she convinces to act in her film. Together they face different constraints, from the lack of budget to cultural and religious differences. It's Road Trip - Beer Pong! Three college roommates are on the ride of their lives when they drop everything to join a bus full of sexy, scantily clad models to compete in the ultimate sport competition: the National Beer Pong Tournament. An eclectic band of misfits becomes an unlikely family as they take a wild journey in the name of love while on the run from an overzealous FBI duo who want them dead or alive - preferably dead. Tizangara, Mozambique. After the peace agreement. A mystery. UN soldiers exploding. An investigation is begun and Massimo is appointed to solve the mystery. Joaquim will have to translate, not only the words but the facts, in order for him to understand. Janie is an ambitious student who dreams of a better life. Dee is a gorgeous socialite who dreams of a rich husband. They're already not the best of friends...or the best of roommates. But when Janie gets the opportunity of a lifetime, Dee becomes the roommate from hell as she desperately tries to destroy Janie's life. It's an all out girl-war, leaving a ROOMMATE WANTED. Gunner and Bucker are pals who work as riveters. Whenever Bucker gets the urge to marry, which is often, Gunner will hit on his girl to see if she is true or not. So far, Gunner has not failed. But one night, while Gunner is in jail, Bucker meets Mary, a tough dame with a line. He falls for her, and she falls for his dough. But Mary is already a gal pal of Gunner, and no two know about the third one. The trouble starts when the triangle is revealed too late. By 2017, the global economy has collapsed and American society has become a totalitarian police state, censoring all cultural activity. The government pacifies the populace by broadcasting a number of game shows in which convicted criminals fight for their lives, including the gladiator-style The Running Man, hosted by the ruthless Damon Killian, where "runners" attempt to evade "stalkers" and certain death for a chance to be pardoned and set free. At the end of the 1950s in Africo, a small village in the southern valley of Aspromonte, a woman dies in childbirth because a doctor fails to arrive on time. No road connects Africo with the other villages. In the wake of this tragedy, all of Africo's citizens -including children - abandon their usual occupations and unite to build their own road. Giulia, the new schoolteacher, comes from the North with a mission to teach standard Italian to help bring cultural cohesion with Africo and the rest of Italy. But she will have to contend with the local mafioso Don Toto, who is determined to ensure this the town remains cut off, and thus, under his power.  On the eve of Christmas, Sheriff Rick Langston has lost his holiday spirit. But when he arrests a home intruder claiming to be Santa Claus, his world gets turned upside-down ! With the help of Lucy, the new girl in town, Santa helps show Rick that even when you feel that all is lost, love is all around you. A wannabe professional thief has an epic fail when he's caught stealing a package and forced to take a young woman as hostage back to his gay friend's house where, despite pressure from his deranged, yoga-loving boss, he can't dispense with her and instead the three face a bunch of quirky thugs sent by the boss who will do anything to get his hands on the mysterious package.  Three young men come to the aid of an NRI woman when her uncle tries to cheat her out of her Mumbai estate. In a small mountain village lives a man with a challenging name, Giuseppe Garibaldi (one of Italy's "fathers of the fatherland"), but everybody call him with the nickname Peppino. Love fishing, the company of friends, the library where he works as a precarious employee. He is an optimistic person even if his child accuse him of being a wannabe. One day, due to a mess of politicians, an amazing thing happens: Peppino is mistakenly elected President of the Italian Republic. Pulled out from his quiet life, is to play a role for which he knows he is obviously inappropriate, but his common sense and his instinctive gestures are incredibly effective, except for the etiquette, for which he is in trouble. The inflexible and fascinating Deputy Secretary General of the Presidency of the Republic, Janis Clementi, is anxious to no avail in an attempt to regulate the unpredictable actions of the President... Upon the sudden death of their abusive, philandering patriarch, four damaged women are forced to confront the material and emotional wreckage left in his wake while wryly attempting to put both his remains and his memory to rest. A young woman develops romantic feelings for her best friend, but problems arise when another gal enters the picture. Short film by Peter Kubelka.  Arnulf Rainer contorts his mind and body before the camera. Cristina, Belisario, and Benito become guardians of justice to combat neighborhood crime. Eventually, they confront an evil businessman who wants to gain political advantage using a dangerous virus. The story is based on the lives of ladiesman Lucky; and his three married friends and how they enchance minor troubles.  Now retired from the criminal underworld, Loman runs a bed and breakfast with his loud, boisterous family. The plot is built around various domestic situations - a relationship crisis between Loman's daughter Jin and her partner Xiao Ho, as well as unresolved issues between David's wife and her younger sister Hottie. Hong Kong's big boss Brother Tien soon arrives to meddle in everyone's affairs. Sun Xiangcheng, a self-styled professional fan organiser, is called from his home village of West Well Valley by his mother Yuanfang. Thinking he's highly connected with celebrities, she asks him to help organise the village's New Year celebrations Happy Sheep with Greedy Wolf Live Without a Net is a live concert video of Van Halen recorded in New Haven, Connecticut in 1986, and released the following year. It was of their performance on August 27, 1986 at New Haven's Veterans Memorial Coliseum. The 90-minute release removed a few songs from the full performance. While the band attempted to record the previous night, audio problems prevented it from being used, although some video footage from that night would later surface in music videos. The concerts were part of the 5150 Tour, supporting the album of the same name, Van Halen's first with lead singer Sammy Hagar. 19 years old Neve sees women out of focus - but he can see them properly when they are recorded on magnetic tape or film. This is why he wears a special pair of camera-glasses which, recording every single moment of his life, allow him to see everything correctly. His life actually becoming one of the movies he has been watching since he was a child. Until the day he meets the one and only woman he can see at naked eye. A researcher for the CIA who convinces his superiors to send him to the eastern bloc in order to avenge the murder of his wife by enemy agents discovers a web of deception underneath his wife's death. Leningrad, 1970. A group of young Jewish dissidents plots to hijack an empty plane and escape the USSR. Caught by the KGB a few steps from boarding, they were sentenced to years in the gulag and two were sentenced to death; they never got on a plane. 45 years later, filmmaker Anat Zalmanson-Kuznetsov reveals the compelling story of her parents, leaders of the group, "heroes" in the West but "terrorists" in Russia, even today. A woman is afflicted with an unusual condition; she cries all the time, at the slightest provocation regardless of whether she's happy or sad, beset by anxieties or problem-free. Nicknamed "Madame Ho", this pitiful woman strives to play a more visible role in a household that continually belittles her. This is the third sequel of a That film about northeastern schoolchildren. In this episode, the young kids of a remote village join the local temple on a merit making trip to India. Once there, they get separated from the group. As the Thai boys and girls try to locate their group, they meet several poor Indian children whose lives seem to be much worse than theirs. Friendship and adventure ensue. A popular cooking show organizes a contest to find the best "My Father's Menu". Three chefs enter the competition, and their search for the recipes is intertwined with their personal dramas. Some time during the Rattanakosin Kingdom, Mak becomes a soldier and has to leave his pregnant wife Nak  at home in Phra Khanong. In the distant frontline he meets four soldiers who become his best friends. Menwhile his wife Nak struggles to give birth to their baby alone.  When the war is over, Mak invites his friends to go to his home and meet his beautiful wife Nak. But in Phra Khanong the rumor goes around town that Nak is a ghost. After a series of uncanny events his four friends and some villagers try to tell Mak that his wife is already dead. A group of high-school boys in Chiang Mai enjoy the finals years of their adolescent lives and try to negotiate the unpredictable path of growing up. The story centers on Tee, a sensitive boy who lives with his wayward and lovesick sister. After a domestic complication, Tee runs away from the northern city and ends up in Pattaya. As his friends and teachers try to bring him back for the final exam, Tee learns his life lessons the unusual way. M (Yossawat Sittiwong), a young man who wishes to have a better life, has decided to go to India for a pilgrimage at the four main Holy sites of Buddha: Lumbini where he was born; Sarnath where he delivered his first teaching, Bodh Gaya where he was enlightened, and Kusinara where he attained nirvana. But to reach his goal he must take another journey in his mind to face the origin of suffering. Italian comedy about casual work The passengers on the Night Bus have many different stories -- some are lovers, some have dark secrets, some are looking for a fight, others are just trying to get through the night. In this urban comedy, Cristobal, a father and businessman, sees how his wife is awarded a scholarship and moves to Spain, wanting to take him and their children along with her. Humiliated by this, he disappears and wanders throughout Santiago looking for sex. After a pathetic night filled with failures, during which he is unable to forget his conflict, the time to chose shall come: either his family or his ego... Chacko and Hari are two young ad professionals who are fed up with their boss (Sandra Thomas) and her tantrums. They decide to take a break and head to Goa, where Chacko ends up meeting a beautiful foreigner (Sabreen Baker). The rest of the story revolves around their return from Goa, a mysterious bag and an extremely angry boss. Chacko &amp; Hari is played by Asif Ali and Aju. Mary, a poor farm girl, meets Tim just as word comes that war has been declared. Tim enlists in the army and goes to the battlefields of Europe, where he is wounded and loses the use of his legs. Home again, Tim is visited by Mary, and they are powerfully attracted to each other; but his physical handicap prevents him from declaring his love for her. Deeper complications set in when Martin, Tim's former sergeant and a bully, takes a shine to Mary. A female humanoid alien lands on Earth to learn about the human species by having sex as much as possible within a 24-hour period. A re-edit of "Serena the Sexplorer". This is the story of Visayans coming to the MetroManila area in search of greener pastures. Dodong Valderama, a jack-of-trades orphan, and Santo Nino devotee, sis among them, trying his luck in a different place. He meets Inday and her Lola Angeling, also Visayan immigrants, who are fish vendors. Angeling dreams for her daughter to become a popular singer , and hopefully one day, this will get them out of the slums. Angeling is pursued by town widower Max. Dodong, whose idol is the late Flash Elorde, eventually finds a full time job as janitor in a boxing gym. Inday fails to win the town singing contest, much to the disappointment of Lola Angeling.With the help of friend Lao, Dodong pursues Inday until they become sweethearts, then husband and wife. A man cannot bear the superficiality of human relationships, and when his best friend lets him down, he commits suicide by jumping off a skyscraper. Life of a teenage outsider: what makes him that way and how his anger flares into violence. An obnoxious heckler at a baseball game infuriates everybody. It's not unusual for alcoholic cop Lou to black out and wake up in unfamiliar surroundings, but lately things have taken a turn for the strange...and hairy. WolfCop is the story of one cop's quest to become a better man. One transformation at a time. In the mountains of Dagestan in the Russian Civil War era, some good and bad people are looking for a hidden treasure. The only problem is that the instructions on where to find it are encrypted in one handwritten copy of Quran, which ends up in the wrong hands. Widowed businessman, Sudhirbhai lives a wealthy lifestyle with his son, Vikram, who is student at National College. He is very affectionate toward Vikram and will do anything for him. His business partner is Goswami, who is also widowed, and has two children, a son, Mahesh, a daughter, Reema, who are good friends of Vikram, and the two businessmen expect to cement their relationship by getting Reema married to Vikram. But when Reema meets and falls in love with Amit Verma, who lives with his taxi-driver dad, mom - Shanti, and sister - Munni, things change dramatically as Sudhirbhai uses his underworld contacts in order to pressurize Verma to get his son to forget Reema, and he does this by destroying his taxi by a bomb. Verma does manage to convince Amit to stay away from Reema, but both meet again and renew their love - prompting Sudhirbhai to threaten Reema that he will get Amit gravely injured... After a "white lie" which spirals out of control, a neurotic, naive and musically gifted Muslim cleric's eldest son must follow through with an arranged marriage, except he is madly in love with an Australian born-Lebanese girl. A comedic look at the life of Steve Jobs. When they can no longer stomach the ever-growing weed of suburban crime, Jay and Silent Bob take on the mantles of costumed avengers Bluntman and Chronic, smashing the super-villains they accidentally create!  Can the Doobage Duo save their beloved Jersey 'burbs from their new arch enemies, The League of Shitters?  While clearly not the comic book movie the world wants, GROOVY MOVIE is the comic book movie the world needs! Alex Whitman (Matthew Perry) is a designer from New York City who is sent to Las Vegas to supervise the construction of a nightclub that his firm has been hired to build. Alex is a straight-laced WASP-ish type who, while enjoying a night on the town, meets Isabel Fuentes (Salma Hayek), a free-spirited Mexican-American photographer. Alex and Isabel are overtaken by lust at first sight and end up sp Every religious cult has a method for dealing with escapees. Fear, threats, physical cruelty, all manner of insanely abusive mayhem. Only this time, it isn't the cult. It's a pilot for a reality TV show, rudely cobbled together by a rogue ex-psychologist and ex-academic named Dr. Gavin H. Grant, who utilizes his previous experience as a terrifying birthday party puppeteer to scare the religion right out of you. College friends find their weekend of sex and debauchery ruined when deadly zombie beavers swarm their riverside cabin. A comedian tries to make it as a serious actor when his reality-TV star fiance talks him into broadcasting their wedding on her TV show. A comedy film that looks into the loosely connected lives of people with strange sexual fantasies. A woman with a dangerous fantasy and her partner's struggle to please her. A man who begins an affair with his own wife without her knowing anything about it. A couple struggling to keep things together after a sexual experiment spins out of control. A woman who can only find pleasure in her husband's pain. A call centre operator caught in the middle of a dirty and chaotic phone call. And the distractingly charming new neighbour who connects them all. A military expedition in Siberia gone wrong. The existence of humanity is in peril as Inanna, Sumerian goddess of lust and war has summoned a giant meteor to destroy the planet, after being accidentally set free from her ancient prison. The government has been overturned in a Communist take-over and the citizens of the world; brainwashed. In humanity's darkest hour, the ancient entity of Gilgamesh, older than the cosmos themselves, must decide whether or not to serve of mankind's final hope. Meanwhile, Inanna has hand selected the one man; married man and archaeologist, David Murphy, to live out the rest of eternity with her. Gilgamesh and Inanna are quickly targeted by the new government as potential weapons of mass destruction, and soon the apocalypse has begun. A family of cannibalistic pilgrims attacks a restaurant that stays open for Thanksgiving. Paul Raymond builds a porn, entertainment and real estate empire that makes him the wealthiest man in Britain, but drugs doom his beloved daughter, Debbie. For the Olympique de Paris soccer team, this away match scheduled against Caplongue was merely supposed to be one last chore before the end of the professional season. Yet no one could ever have imagined that an unknown rabies-like infection was going to spread like wildfire, turning this small town's inhabitants into ultra-violent and highly contagious creatures. Young man, Yusuke Mamiana, fed up with his life meats a unattractive ugly girl, Kyoko, at his hometown. Out of his impulsive desire, he had a relationship by nearly raping her. They started to live together and gradually feel 'Family' attachment in each other. As time passes, Yusuke starts to think more about 'Happiness' of his family and himself. Organizing a Christmas wedding is a true treat for bridal boutique owner Madeline Krug. She loves the challenge of finding the perfect dress for the bride and orchestrating an exquisite event. What Madeline didn't expect was to be swept off her feet by the bride's gorgeous brother, movie star, Jonny Blaze. Jonny came to the quirky town of Fool's Gold to support his sister -- not to fall in love. Yet Madeline is the most extraordinary woman he's ever met, and she finds the real Jonny even more captivating than her celebrity crush. Will the action star be brave enough to take on the role of a lifetime? Martin, an ex-Parisian well-heeled hipster passionate about Gustave Flaubert who settled into a Norman village as a baker, sees an English couple moving into a small farm nearby. Not only are the names of the new arrivals Gemma and Charles Bovery, but their behavior also seems to be inspired by Flaubert's heroes. Dave Skylark and his producer Aaron Rapaport run the celebrity tabloid show "Skylark Tonight". When they land an interview with a surprise fan, North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un, they are recruited by the CIA to turn their trip to Pyongyang into an assassination mission. A year in the life of Alice Klieg, a woman with Borderline Personality Disorder who wins Mega-millions, quits her meds and buys her own talk show. For years, old wood carver Mr. Meacham has delighted local children with his tales of the fierce dragon that resides deep in the woods of the Pacific Northwest. To his daughter, Grace, who works as a forest ranger, these stories are little more than tall tales... until she meets Pete, a mysterious 10-year-old with no family and no home who claims to live in the woods with a giant, green dragon named Elliott. And from Pete's descriptions, Elliott seems remarkably similar to the dragon from Mr. Meacham's stories. With the help of Natalie, an 11-year-old girl whose father Jack owns the local lumber mill, Grace sets out to determine where Pete came from, where he belongs, and the truth about this dragon. Documentary included with the DVD Rush in Rio (2003). Provides an almost hour-long look at the band and its crew during the final dates of their 2002 Vapor Trails Tour, specifically their first-ever Brazilian shows in Porto Alegre, Sao Paulo, and Rio de Janeiro. Behind the scenes footage shows the band weathering the rigors of a sometimes comically catastrophic tour, with their innate humor and grace. This documentary, by longtime Rush photographer Andrew MacNaughtan, shows the band and crew at their most light-hearted, though still thoughtful. We see the band's arrival in Brazil, to the unexpected onslaught of Brazillian fans boiled over in the culmination of a lifetime's anticipation. Following this are insights from the band and their crew, which provide a view into their longevity as well as ample evidence of the individual strengths and varied senses of humor that helped them achieve it. A bored housewife stumbles into stripping as a way to pass the day. One day, the young Jacques falls into a manhole which is actually a door leading to a parallel world : the city of Paris plunged in an endless night, occupied by batty characters and ruled by an emperor allowing all the excesses. Between sex, violence and poetry, Jacques must climb the social ladder of this new world through heavy sacrifices... Love Building is a comedy about a camp designed to mend broken relationships. 14 couples try to break the deadlock and rebuild their love, with the help of three psychotherapists and trainers. The program lasts for 7 days and the participants go through different stages of redesigning their love lives. But the three trainers meant to assist them have problems of their own and things gradually get out of hand. In an ongoing search for the "happily ever after", one question pops up: "Can love be fixed in seven days?" Marie and Eric, a couple in their thirties who have been together since college, buy their first apartment when Marie is suddenly overcome by doubt. Her encounter with a handsome, dark-haired man forces her to make a decision... 30-year-old Djemila, a single jurist, at last has her own apartment... a few steps away from her parents' place. A French woman of North African extraction, she does everything she can to hide her origins. Emma, her nutty and broke neighbor, struggles to raise her two children alone. Although these two women have nothing in common, a deep friendship forms between them because of their mutual love of music. Selma is a successful chick lit author who decides to start over, writing "real literature". At the same time, she embarks on parallel relationships with two different men - the bookish Nils and a rock star wannabe named John. The Beast returns! Brock Lesnar has destroyed the competition since returning to the WWE and his matches have only added to his prominent legacy. Relive Lesnar's heated rivalries with the biggest names in WWE - John Cena, and Triple H, and classic matches against The Undertaker and CM Punk!  The demons of hell play music for Satan, whose delight turns to wrath when an insubordinate refuses to become food for Cerberus. Jean, a forty-year-old struggling, out-of-work actor has hit rock bottom. Although open to any kind of work, he can't get a break. At the unemployment office, his counselor has a rather odd proposal: he can get a job helping the police reconstruct crime scenes, by standing in for the dead victim. Jean's obsession for detail impresses the detectives, allowing him to take a leading role in a sensitive investigation in Megeve ski resort, during low season, after a series of murders When 4 American tourists - Sofia, Carl, Belle and Michael - go on a ghost tour, they get much more than they bargained for, when the ghosts of an evil Doctor and his last patient victim trap them in the old abandoned psychiatric ward. When Delhi Police comes across an unusual case revolving around hacking they seek help of an expert who thinks like them only to come across a lazy hacker Mickey Arora. In Margate, England, life is not easy for teenager Sarah Taylor, between being bullied at school, being exploited by a dominant boss and having to take care of her depressive mother and her two siblings. But Sarah finds a way to channel her growing despair and fight adversity when her drama teacher gives her a new purpose. Natsumi (Kie Kitano) moves to Tokyo to enter a fine arts university. In Tokyo, Natsumi meets Ryosuke and they soon become a couple. Ryosuke is a good person, but he doesn't have a job. Every day he just loafs around.  To pay for her living expenses, Natsumi begins work at bar. Natsumi and Ryosuke become estranged from each other. They decide to break up. Natsumi's book is finally published. The story of Vince, New England's most successful divorce attorney. To Vince, life is one big competition, and losing is unacceptable. This also applies in his dating life with his love 'em and leave 'em approach. Then Vince meets Jane, who is beautiful, successful and also extremely driven. Together they enter into a series of entertaining wagers with each other where the winner gets to decide the fate of the loser. Men with Beards is a feature documentary that weaves a strange tale of beauty and brotherhood. Journey into the souls of countrymen to experience the triumph and heartbreak of a world-class beard. In 2041, humans live side-by-side with robots and androids. A well-known cybernetic engineer, Alex Garel, returns to his hometown to create a new model of robot child. Story about the encounter between Temistocles and his godfather, whom he believes has killed and now comes back as a ghost to drive him mad. From drama to comedy to the absurd, Temistocles faces his own ghosts until he's about to lose control of himself. His family's economy is almost ruined, his wife is near from giving birth. Realizing he is alive, the possibility to fix his past and breaking up with the curse he's been carrying becomes real. A special following the adventures of a young boy and his sister, who get lost in Dinosaur World theme park where they encounter the biggest and most frightening meat-eater ever to roam the earth: Tyrannosaurus Rex. Friends. Party. Death. As usual, friends get together in a rental house to celebrate new year's eve. Will Isa take advantage of this week in the county to finally get things started with Fred, her best friend? Will Kevin make a move on Gwendo, the goth girl? Will Marco, the amateur film maker and slasher fan, manage to convince his friends to play in his next short film? Things are running smoothly, until New Year's Eve, when one of them mysteriously disappears... Creatures from hell pursue and kill their victims. When Arthur decided to become a policeman it was most definitely not so that he would be put on the trail of a group of ultra-left wing artists, the Black Fist Collective. No, his real motivation was so that he could trace his father, Public Enemy Number One, La Malice. But, alas, it is Chief Inspector Moulinette who sets the rules, assisted by his faithful lieutenant Gege. Arthur has no choice but to infiltrate the troublesome Collective, by posing as an actor... In the heart of the Balkans, where making music is an integral part of life, meet Pera, a wonderful old farmer who seems to know everything about everything; Josip, inventor of numerous new instruments; and the amazing Vera, greatest leaf virtuoso of them all. Three musicians - a glimpse into the unknown, all- but - lost art of leaf playing. Filled with stunning music as vital yet as fragile as the perishable instrument on which it's played, this lovely film is as much about joy, living in the moment, being alive, as it is about making music. Seeing it, you may just want to go find some leaves - and make some music yourself. - Charlie Cockey Major James Prentis VC (Sir Alan Bates) is a British spy of World War II and war hero who goes under the code name of "Shuttlecock". Alienated from his family and children, he ends up in a mental institution in Lisbon, Portugal. A catholic French couple sees their life upside down when their four daughters get married to men of different religion and origins. A story that stretches across war, blossoming love, and living as a recluse.  When their elderly neighbor suddenly drops dead, a young Brooklyn couple investigates signs of foul play. Dhruv an aspirant IAS officer, takes a private loan from a company in order to buy a car in order to woo the girl he loves, Sakshi. Soon enough, life turns upside down for him as he is unable to pay back the loan and the car is seized. From then on, begins Dhruv's encounters with today's super materialistic girls (where the money comes from love), the finance company, the system and a hardened criminal named Minocha. A tale about the most viewed video in the history of internet. Rome Rises, Lera Lou, Art Coley, Jenina Mode, Nina Delicious. Here comes the Manic Pixie Dream Girls. A #littlesecretfilm Five years after meeting her three fathers, Sophie Sheridan prepares to open her mother's hotel. In 1979, young Donna Sheridan meets the men who each could be Sophie's biological father. Torn straight from the headlines, Michael Winterbottom's compelling and prescient 'In This World' follows young Afghan Jamal and his older cousin Enayat as they embark on a hazardous overland trip from their refugee camp at Peshawar, north-west Pakistan. Entering Turkey on foot through a snowy, Kurdish-controlled pass, the pair again take their lives into their hands and face suffocation when they are locked in a freight container on a ship bound for Italy. From there they plan to travel on to Paris, the Sangatte refuge centre and ultimately asylum in London. Ishqeria is a story of a small town girl who falls madly in love with the most sought after guy in college. It is a journey of first love, growing up and second chances. Mona and Don's seemingly perfect suburban bliss is disrupted by a sexy extortionist and Mona will stop at nothing, including killing the competition, to keep her little slice of heaven. The story of a super-secret spy organization that recruits an unrefined but promising street kid into the agency's ultra-competitive training program just as a global threat emerges from a twisted tech genius. A two-hour Battlestar Galactica special that tells the story of the Battlestar Pegasus several months prior to it finding the Galactica. Two film-makers arrive in the post industrial wasteland known as Hackney Wick. Their aim is to document this 'Isle of Wonder' as it falls under the shadow of the Olympic behemoth. Pierre Dulaine, an internationally renowned ballroom dancer, is starting to fulfill his life long dream - to take his program Dancing Classrooms to Jaffa, where he was born. He is teaching 10-year-old Israeli-Palestinian and Israeli-Jewish children to dance together. Pierre recognizes that the future is built by children. By breaking the syndrome of hatred, he will change their lives, and hopefully, the community around them.  In Todd Glass Talks About Stuff, Todd Glass talks about...stuff, covering infomercials, ranting about eating slowly, and bullying those who bullied him for being afraid of the dark. He opens up about his dyslexia, which caused him to say "domestitated." Some of Todd's best stories include going to a restaurant with a health rating of "D" with "elicious" scrawled after it, wanting to suck the goodness out of his dog, and discovering the things that poor people and rich people do. A collection of three strange and comedic short stories examining the perils of artistic expression. Peter Parker a lone child discovers that his parents were in a horrifying plot to make mankind change. getting bitten by his fathers invention he develops super powers to tries to find answers to his whole life, try and juggle a relationship with his girlfriend and try and find the murderer of his uncle. (Fan Made Film) A pseudo-documentary edited from the home movies of serial killers Wayne &amp; Andrea Montgomery, presenting a look into their quiet, suburban lives...as well as the graphic &amp; disturbing details of their horrific crimes. Forty year old Jo is talented a property broker, but a complete catastrophe as a family man, father and husband, and with a neighbor he can't stand. one day he does something he never should have done. After being set-up and betrayed by the man who hired him to assassinate a Texas Senator, an ex-Federale launches a brutal rampage of revenge against his former boss. A gang leader looks to a simpleton to provide him with a heart transplant. Penny works at a supermarket and Phil is a gentle taxi-driver. Penny's love for Phil has run dry and they lead joyless lives with their two children, Rachel, a cleaner, and Rory, who is unemployed and aggressive. Once in the depths of the frozen North, Arose a dark power. To some they were known as the Alliance. John Nolan was said to belong to this group. The town of Madison was built in the form of a pentagram on Indian burial ground, and John Nolan tried to set forth the end of time. The Talisman and the book stopped him hundreds of years ago, by a witch "Stella." Hundreds of years later, a young girl who has a 50,000 page SA Assigned by her teacher leads her into an adventure, reading an incantation and accidentally setting John Nolan free, rising from the dead. It is up to Cassy, to stop the evil entity from destroying the world as it changes from dimension to dimension. The Assignment is a colorful tale about a quest a woman faces present and past. Cassy, along with a witch, a priest, and her best friend Oliver end up on a roller coaster of mayhem, trying to solve the mystery and stop John Nolan from finishing what he had started hundreds of years ago. The paths of four dream-chasing college friends cross with an array of colourful characters, from a tough-talking Punjabi female don to a Jugaad Baaz college watchman. Mayhem ensues. Stephanie and Ryan switch bodies after a magic night together.  The film is about three husbands having affairs outside their marriage. One of their wives hires a detective named Kishen and finds out that their husbands are cheating. Their wives find out when Kishen scares them by blind folding them and when they tell their girlfriends list, Sanjana gets hurt and leaves and tries to commit suicide but Kishen helps her. It is a road movie about two guys who have got job offers but do not want to join. They want to continue with film and music. And they have no option but to join the job within a month. Each of them decides to make their own masterpiece within a month so that they don't have to join. Its about their experience in the last month of their freedom in the city and thus how in this process they discover the city. It is a satire on modern Kolkata, exploring different parts and issues of the city and it does so in different styles of comedy. Around midnight, a young couple and their transvestite maid prepare for an orgy. Their guests will be The Slut, The Star, The Stud and The Teen. Two feuding eccentric families with super powers clash when their young sons confront each other after a silly mistake. Meanwhile, the local high school principal has mysterious powers of his own that trump those of the two rival clans. How did this civilian acquire them? Or perhaps a better question, who or what is using him? Deep knowledge of a person can be overwhelming. Even in the most trivial situations it is possible to find peaks of tension that appear from the underground. Vidrios intends to explore the universe of interpersonal relationships through a series of scenes of isolated appearance, with anonymous characters that are constantly updated and dialogue with each other until they burst a moment in the absurd. SITTING ON THE EDGE OF MARLENE is a darkly comedic feature film drama that centers on a mother-daughter con artist duo. An adaptation of the Billie Livingston novella titled The Trouble With Marlene, it is a bittersweet and emotional journey that deals with dysfunction, love and addiction and ends with an unusual deliverance for the compelling mother and daughter duo. Gippi is a coming-of-age story of an ordinary, overweight girl, who, through the course of the film, learns to love herself for exactly who she is. It is also a tale of an underdog, who picks herself up from nothing and finds herself at the top of her own little world. In February of 2013, the Barnes Brothers attempted to shoot a documentary about the lives of Todd Snider, Elizabeth Cook and other touring songwriters residing in the burgeoning East Nashville neighborhood.  They failed.  Instead, drugs and booze took over.  They ended up with: East Nashville Tonight The film follows the life of Miggy and Laida after their break-up which occurred after the events in the second film. Miggy, is now in a relationship with Belle while Laida is now a fiercer woman after living in the United States. They try to co-exist in the same company while Laida tries to oppose Miggy's business decisions through a series of events which made them realize the real definition of true love. NANCY MONROE's mother DENISE just got married -- and Nancy has a new stepbrother, VICTOR, a Goth guy who dresses in black, wears lots of sunscreen, apparently talks to his cat, and has the ability to cloud women's minds. So Nancy is convinced that he's a vampire -- but is she a paranoid wingnut, or is she the only person who sees Victor's true nature? A sensitive guy finds out he's... a robot.  A tale of double cross and revenge, centered upon the members of an elite U.S. Special Forces unit sent into the Bolivian jungle on a search and destroy mission. The team-Clay, Jensen, Roque, Pooch and Cougar -find themselves the target of a lethal betrayal instigated from inside by a powerful enemy known only as Max. Presumed dead, the group makes plans to even the score when they're joined by the mysterious Aisha, a beautiful operative with her own agenda. Working together, they must remain deep undercover while tracking the heavily-guarded Max, a ruthless man bent on embroiling the world in a new high-tech global war. Shirshendu Mukhopadhyay's famous tale of 3 generations of women & their changing position in society,seen in relation to a box of jewels, handed down from one generation to the next. A film by Aparna Sen. The poor and shy Gabriele, spends his days with binoculars in hand and eyes glued to the windows of the building across the street where lives Alice, the beautiful neighbor. Everything seems immutable in the life of Gabriele, but thanks to the encounter / clash with the explosive Fabio, Gabriele exceeds his shyness to be open to life. The movie is deals with fear about climate change Movie about the legend of the foundation of the Spanish city of Castellon. Raped. Disemboweled. Nearly decapitated. Dumped on the outskirts of a nature reserve, dead - or so they thought. She needed a hero that night, so that's what she became. This is Alison's tale. A tale of monsters, miracles and hope. When an obsessive compulsive Asian-American actor meets the girl of his dreams on his way to therapy, he makes it his mission to convince her to stay when she tells him she's already planning on moving out of town for good. Meanwhile, he struggles to cope with uninvited guests who have overstayed their welcome in his one-bedroom apartment: his newly divorced and jaded best friend in need of a place to stay, and his aging but loving parents who are in town for dad's urgent operation (and who never fail to embarrass him). With seemingly the whole world giving him life advice after seeing him experience a series of disappointments with the girl and with his career, he suffers a nervous breakdown, forcing him to come to terms with what it means to truly live in the moment by reacting and acknowledging what's in front of him, rather than forcing what he wished were in front of him.  If any single piece can act as a key to Ruiz, it may be the 1997 short Le Film a Venir (The Film to Come). The titular film is a holy fragment of celluloid that can only be seen by a secret society known as the Philokinetes. They watch it on a loop, somnambulating through a life that is unreal by comparison. It is the belief of the Philokinetes that film has an existence "independent from humans. Cinema, they said, is the primeval soup of a new life form. There from were to emerge pure screening creatures. Which is to say, non-topical beings." - n+1 Sonny is a collection agent for the Rangeelay Fynance Company. When he repossesses a scooter from Simmi, it's love at first sight. But she is free spirited, spoiled, cynical and does not believe in love. And she is also engaged to Ricky. Gladys and her daughter live on the periphery of New York City where they share their isolated lives together in their own little space in the same house, which is their whole world. Hidden in a city that also hides from them, a New York that grows smaller as the two of them stay within their own four walls where they only speak Caribbean Spanish together, and a few words in English they have managed to remember. Stan and Ollie try to hide their pet dog Laughing Gravy from their exasperated, mean tempered landlord, who has a "No Pets" policy. When a radio falls from the sky into the hands of a wide-eyed Tibetan Mastiff, he leaves home to fulfill his dream of becoming a musician, setting into motion a series of completely unexpected events. Mike and Dave are young, adventurous, fun-loving brothers who tend to get out of control at family gatherings. When their sister Jeanie reveals her Hawaiian wedding plans, the rest of the Stangles insist that the brothers bring respectable dates. After placing an ad on Craigslist, the siblings decide to pick Tatiana and Alice, two charming and seemingly normal women. Once they arrive on the island, however, Mike and Dave realize that their companions are ready to get wild and party. After her husband dies, Carmina keeps it a secret until a check that he had been expecting comes in. Newlywed Suzu Urano moves to her new life in Kure City on the coast of Hiroshima Prefecture, where she perseveres through World War II with pluck and determination. Instant Mommy follows the story of Bechayda, a two-months-pregnant wardrobe assistant for TV commercial production. In the fear of losing her Japanese lover and her dreams of a better life, she embarks on a plan that will get herself out of her predicament. Or so she thinks. Phometrica tells the story of a couple, Stefania (Joanna Ignaczewska) and Jose (Tom Woodward). When Stefania falls pregnant, Jose becomes suspicious about the nature of the clearing work she's undertaking to help support the family. Paranoid that she's keeping something from him, he follows her. However, rather than reveal Stefania's secrets, Jose steps into his own nightmares and finds himself exploring his own guilt.  Meanwhile as Stefania seeks to pull their life into some kind of order, the couple find themselves separated by the growing chaos, and are unable to escape their hopeless indulgence in their own suffering.  Featuring Arthur Brown as cult leader Deacon Tavalouris, the film plays out in a series of fractured sketches that range from the comedic to the surreal. Living Life or Waiting to Die is a comedy about everyday struggles we face and how we choose to deal with them. It comes down to two questions; are you living life to the max or are you letting life pass you by and simply waiting to die?  The Weeknd live at Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival 2012 On a spur of the moment road trip, new friends Sophie and Pete hatch a misguided plan to get hitched.  Already branded an acting school drop-out, Oliver courts further indignation by serving as his aunt's live-in dog sitter and pool boy. Having reduced his (anti)social circle to his paranoid drug dealer and embittered best friend, Oliver is shaken from his stupor by the arrival of an alluring houseguest dealing with her own issues. After exorcising the demons of his ex-, Malcolm starts afresh with his new girlfriend and her two children. After moving into their dream home, Malcolm is once again plagued by bizarre paranormal events. Hakim, a handsome man with a high paying job is still looking for his one truelove. His housemate, Faisal introduces to him a theory in searching for a perfect significant other. According to it, the perfect person goes by the name Rina. Ironically, Hakim is then introduced to a new marketing manager named Rina. Rina is a beautiful, smart woman whose exceptional beauty has win the hearts of her colleagues including Hakim. Spending a lot of time working on a big project for the company together, Hakim and Rina get closer to each other each day. Seeing the blossoming relationship, Hakim's mother and friend start pushing him to marry Rina. Meanwhile, Faisal fell in love with a young widow named Tini. He was challenged by Elvis who is also trying to get Tini's attention. So they compete in a reality TV singing competition. As days go by, Hakim's family and best friend keep on pushing him. Looking at Rina's respond to him, he finally decides to propose to Rina. Will she say yes? A young man is forced to pretend to be his estranged gay brother in order to keep a major business from falling through. Though he has always hated his brother, the young man gains a new appreciation as he lives his brother's life. Some teenagers are ambitiously setting up a famous Jon Fosse-play. They hire a well known actor to be their mentor, unaware that he's going through a life crisis. Their new mentor chooses Vegard, promising footballer and local douchebag, to play the leading role. Following a bad breakup, relationship councilor Cormac Kavanagh starts sleeping with his clients in a misguided attempt to reignite their passions. Maria is a young orphan who lives with her wealthy aunt. Maria sings in a cocktail bar with his friends, who form a rock band, and enjoy the night with them. One of his friends, Ernesto, is in love with her, though she does not seem to feel the same about him. In fact, multiple existential doubts and feel a strange emptiness in his life suddenly drive to enter a convent as a novice, breaking Ernestos' heart. However, with her cheerlul character, open and rebellious, not appear to conform to life in the cloister, and especially have problems with the novices director , who often punished for trying to take the right path. In the convent, which also functions as children's hospital, she meets a doctor with which it takes quite right for the contrast between his two characters, but his way with love and mutual respect. The story of Professor Stephen Hawking's early years is told for the first time in a major drama for BBC Two.It is 1963, and our young cosmologist celebrates his 21st birthday. At the party is a new friend, Jane Wilde - there is a strong attraction between the two. Jane is intrigued by Stephen's talk of stars and the Universe. But she realises that there is something very wrong when Stephen suddenly finds that he is unable to stand up. A young girl and her family go through a horrifying reality while she becomes possessed by demonic forces. Throughout the film we experience the ways a family deals with situations beyond their control and how they fight to overcome them. Only when the possession takes place does the family bond get stronger and the relationships between them get tested to their limits. An unemployed doctor turned cab driver becomes a local hero when he converts his taxi into a mobile clinic. Denny Burke is finally about to graduate high school. Senior year has been one bad thing after another: a broken leg, a broken heart, and -- worst  of all -- a broken home.  With four of his closest friends, Denny goes on one last rock-climbing trip to prove he's ready to start his adult life... On their trip the five teens receive a genetic boost beyond anything they'd ever imagined.  Denny's soon faced with the first big decision of his adult life: does he give up these powers and stay a normal teenager, or does he keep them...and graduate from the human race? Every year, thousands of Antarctica's emperor penguins make an astonishing journey to breed their young. They walk, marching day and night in single file 70 miles into the darkest, driest and coldest continent on Earth.  Morgan Freeman narrates this amazing, true-life tale touched with humour and alive with thrills. Breathtaking photography captures the transcendent beauty and staggering drama of devoted parent penguins who, in the fierce polar winter, take turns guarding their egg and trekking to the ocean in search of food. Predators hunt them, storms lash them. But the safety of their adorable chicks makes it all worthwhile. So follow the leader ... to adventure!! The gruesome Nazi Zombies are back to finish their mission, but our hero is not willing to die. He is gathering his own army to give them a final fight. Widower Parminder Singh Puppy is worried about the future of his careless and spoilt sons Gunny and Manni. Both the sons falls in love with two sisters Rinki and Minki. Parminder Singh is planning his own marriage with another widow Dilraaj Kaur Dil who was his lover during collage and unknown to him, is mother of Rinki and Minki. Parminder is also unware of their sons's love life. Parminder and his sons goes to Dilraaj's house with marriage proposal, with father unaware that his sons want to marry and sons unware about their father's wishes. This follows a lot of chaos and drama in their lives. In 1987 Korea, under an oppressive military regime, a college student gets killed during a police interrogation involving torture. Government of officials are quick to cover up the death and order the body to be cremated. A prosecutor who is supposed to sign the cremation release, raises questions about a 21-year-old kid dying of a heart attack, and he begins looking into the case for truth. Despite a systematic attempt to silence everyone involved in the case, the truth gets out, causing an eruption of public outrage. Not so long ago, Ronny Tersago and his gang where at the top of the Flemish showbiz as Clown Norry and Co.. Their heyday are over. Nowadays they are working overtime at night as burglars. Ronny's son Wesley was kicked out of the Amsterdam film school, filming their passionate performances and crimes, their nocturnal excesses and turbulent private life. It seemed it was going downhillwith for the gang when suddenly they hit hte jackpot. And then the problems really start.. The most fearsome, destructive insect in the galaxy has come to Earth, and famous swashbuckling entomologist Dex Hamilton is on the case. But he's not trying to stop it. He's trying to save it - from the remorseless exterminator Hartley Hunter, whose life's mission is to see all bugs in the galaxy wiped out. It's a rollicking animated sci-fi adventure with legs as Dex Hamilton is all that stands between the forces of evil and the most incredible insect species the galaxy has ever known. A unique dramatic-comedy about a young couple in the early stages of their relationship, facing their first major crossroad when a terrible disease spreads nationwide overnight.  They face what could be their final hour holed up in a basement and amidst it all they must decide what's next.  A thought-provoking zombie movie from Rogue Lumen. When an aspiring rapper goes viral for the wrong reasons, he thinks his career is sunk. But a wild party gives him one more chance to make it right. Against a backdrop of deceitful intrigue and sexy escapades, a twin searches for her sister's killer while capturing all the potential suspects on camera. By helping Doctor Proctor getting recognition for his amazing invention in a world quite different from ours, two lonely children gets help to stand on their own two feet. Family comedy from India  Bobo Buggins, a neurotic Throbbit, joins a throng of Dweebs led by Randolf the Wizard to help them regain their technological treasures trapped beneath Silicon Mountain and guarded by a mighty Drag Queen. Punk's Dead, the sequel to 1999 cult hit SLC Punk, is a punk romp through the Utah hinterlands. Ross, Penny and Crash, young outsiders from different tribes, embark on a road trip to a huge punk show. Ross, 19, is the love child of Trish and Heroin Bob, who died before Ross was born. During their odyssey, and with the help of a healthy dose of drugs, alcohol and punk music, Ross shreds his darkly Gothic outlook and embraces life. His mother Trish, who raised Ross alone in her steam punk shop, discovers that he is in a crisis. She recruits his 'uncles,' Bob's old SLC gang, to help find him. When all collide at the concert, they are forced to deal with their unresolved relationships with Bob. Alex is in love with Sandra since childhood but has never dared approach her.He asks Antoine, a lonely writer to help him seduce her, because in his time he was the only one to conquer the heart of the mother. Driss, carefree, smug and naive, lives off petty theft and minor racketeering. Until he meets Danny, an old crook who takes him under his wing and shows him the ropes. Through knowing him, young Driss will gradually lose his innocence. This comic documentary is comprised of found audio of concerned citizens rallying to prevent the nuisance of new trees scheduled to be planted on their block in the 1980s. Siddhu (Sudheer), a naughty easy going guy falls in love with Indu (Asmita Sood). But Indu is the sister of Cherry (Ranadheer) who keeps on protecting his sister from others' eyes. But on the other hand Cherry he loves Anjali (Poonam Kaur), the sister-in-law of a dangerous man Bujji aka Shankar (Ajay). How things move among these people, how Siddhu plays with Shankar forms the main story. The true story of Forrest Tucker, from his audacious escape from San Quentin at the age of 70 to an unprecedented string of heists that confounded authorities and enchanted the public. Wrapped up in the pursuit are a detective, who becomes captivated with Forrest's commitment to his craft, and a woman, who loves him in spite of his chosen profession. A dark comedy short about the cliches of the sexes. Tormented by his ever-babbling girlfriend, the protagonist escapes into a fantasy world. Unfortunately, his colorful dream isn't HALF as wonderful as he had imagined.  The film had its world premiere at the International Short Film Festival Dresden, Germany and made its way through several festivals around the globe. A history of the racially stereotyped portrayal of African Americans in cinema, hosted by film pioneer Melvin Van Peebles. An honest genuine writer discovers the painful truth of a handsome and charming, yet manipulative and toxic love interest.  Ha Jung Woo promised that if he won the best actor award 2 years in a row he would walk across South Korea. He did and the adventure begins. The film is about Khokababu (Dev) who is a cool and a clever guy. Bhaiji is a well-known don in his territory whom everybody fears and obeys. Khoka joins Bhaiji's circle as an accountant where he has a wacky senior Khanra Babu. Khoka with his super wit starts to obtain every luxury that a perfect office should have and starts to hoax Bhaiji. Problems occur when Khoka falls in love with Bhaiji's sister Pooja (Subhasree Ganguly). That's how our super-clever Chalu Cheez Khokababu takes the story ahead. Based on Jo Brand's critically acclaimed novel of the same name, The More You Ignore Me is a warm, comedy drama focusing on the life of an unconventional family in 1980s rural England. The film focuses on Gina, a young mother, whose efforts to be a loving mother and wife are undermined by her declining mental health. Things deteriorate when she develops an obsession with the local weatherman, which leads to an admission to the nearby psychiatric hospital. Over the years, as she grows up, her daughter Alice struggles to relate to her heavily medicated mum, and causes chaos when she comes up with a plan to reconnect with her, which divides the family forever and leads to a moving climax. Set to the songs of The Smiths, The More You Ignore Me provides a sometimes stark, yet comical insight into life within this quirky household, whilst addressing mental health issues and their impact on the family. A group of stoners save the world from sock stealing aliens. Horror - Segments from eight of the leading indie horror filmmakers including Tim Ritter, Brad Sykes, Donald Farmer, Todd Sheets, Chris Seaver, Ron Bonk, and Marcus Koch. -  Vanessa Nocera, Alaine Huntington, Mike Malloy Middle-class Parisian suburbs: Blanche and Lea, office worker and student, meet and become friends. Lea is going out with Fabien, but is thinking of leaving him. Blanche falls for Lea's handsome and witty friend Alexandre, but is tongue-tied whenever she meets him. Lea goes on holiday and Blanche, still smitten with the dashing Alexandre, begins to get to get know Fabien. A classic Rohmer moral tale. Admiral McKee (Tom Skerritt) is retired, when following the events of 9/11 he receives a call from the White House informing him that his commander in chief requires him to serve his country once again. Shortly after this he is sworn into office as a senior member of the Office of Homeland Security under Tom Ridge. Once in office Admiral McKee faces the challenge of organising this new office so as to prevent further terrorist attacks against the United States. With this in mind Admiral McKee's wife, Elise Mckee, recommends he speaks to his friend, NSA Agent Sol Binder. A shy young youth gets down in love,fails and transforms into a popular dude amongst his college mates. But does the change sustain? In 1814, a nobleman from the Kandian Kingdom of Sri Lanka helped the British army to revolt against the king of Southern India, but was driven to a traitor. His wives have to choose between committing suicide or marrying outcasts. Instead of suicide, young and beautiful Tikiri chooses to marry an untouchable, named Vijaya. Karthik works in a software company. He falls in love at first sight with a girl Sruthi who attends his friend's wedding. He gets hold of the phone number of the girl and while noting it down he makes a mistake. And he ends up calling another girl. Meanwhile Sruthi falls in love with Karthik's colleague Madhu. The rest of the story is all about comedy of errors and how Karthik finds about his true love. Documentary about people who work on illegal allotments near the airport for more than 30 years, but soon the allotments should be destroyed, because of technical progress and development of the area. Three Australian telecom tradesman find themselves trapped in a telephone exchange during the onset of a zombie apocalypse. Hector meets Truquette on Bastille Day and becomes obsessed with seducing her. The plan is to get her to the seaside pronto. Pator is not complaining, especially if her friend Charlotte comes along for the ride. So off they go, down the country roads of a broke and broken France. Times are hard ! Suddenly the government cancels a month of summer. Everyone back to work! A wad of cash and two gun shots later, the group splits in two like France itself. But careering away from work in no way daunts the remaining trio, dead set on relocating the Bastille Girl and reveling in an endless summer. May 6, 2012. Cable news reporter Laetitia is covering the French presidential elections, while Vincent, her ex-husband, demands to see their two young daughters. It's a manic Sunday in Paris: two agitated girls, a frazzled babysitter, a needy new boyfriend, a grumpy lawyer and France cut in half! The story of Maxime, a 33-year-old musician, who has come to find refuge in his father's home in the town of Tonnerre. There he will have the joy and the bad luck of meeting Melodie, a 21-year-old girl trapped by her love for her childhood sweetheart. One and the other will not experience the same story at the same time, which will trigger a series of incidents. A student moves in with a family that lives in an underground house in the middle of the forest, far from civilization. His hopes of peace and quiet are soon shattered, when it becomes apparent that both the parents and their son have a screw loose. The world's most famous male porn star, Richard Peter Johnson, retires at the height of his career to pursue his dream of acting. Four unlikely friends, connected through social football, fall victim to methamphetamine addiction. Acting as the catalyst, the drug sends them on a disastrous, yet hilarious roller-coaster ride that will change their lives forever. The Bellas are back, and they are better than ever. After being humiliated in front of none other than the President of the United States of America, the Bellas are taken out of the Aca-Circuit. In order to clear their name, and regain their status, the Bellas take on a seemingly impossible task: winning an international competition no American team has ever won. In order to accomplish this monumental task, they need to strengthen the bonds of friendship and sisterhood and blow away the competition with their amazing aca-magic! With all new friends and old rivals tagging along for the trip, the Bellas can hopefully accomplish their dreams.  The story of an LA couple, Camille and G.J., who escape the city for a weekend trying to rekindle their relationship, when G.J.'s best girlfriend crashes their road trip. Surviving family members and friends of a man who was conned by the cunning businessman Sabbarwahl, string together a series of their own cons in an attempt to bring him down. A gothic lolita merges with a samurai teddy bear to fight zombies and save the world. The trials and tribulations of wealthy young Manhattanites and their sexual coming of age, a romantic comedy set at an Upper East Side prep school. Frank is a police officer who loses his family in a tragedy. In desperation he turns to crime and makes a living as a hitman for the mob. A female detective does everything she can to mop up the mess brought into Korea by Hong Kong drugs lords. SHOCKWAVES is a darkly comic psychological thriller about a man whose traumatic memories of childhood send him on a hallucinogenic carnival ride of self-destruction and murder. Through a surrealistic Mobius strip of alternate realities, shifting times and multiple dimensions, SHOCKWAVES weaves a kaleidoscopic nightmare tapestry of abuse and revenge.  The stream-of-consciousness depicted in SHOCKWAVES is a dazzlingly complex remix of signs, gestures and actions that underlie meaning within a culture saturated by moving pictures. The film is composed from over 25,000 short film clips derived from both original footage and from public domain movies. To watch the film is to experience a man's life and to be immersed in a kaleidoscopic collage that both drives the story and illustrates the inner and outer lives of the 2 main characters. Three heavy boozers - a Romanian (Horatiu Malaele), a Russian (Igor Caras-Romanov) and a Bulgarian (Mihai Gruia Sandu) - are tripling away their... happiness, into vodka, at "The Happy Immigrant", a joint kept by a Turk. The fauna of this venue is made up out of the Babel Tower's survivors: immigrants who had chosen Romania, as a country where everything is possible. The predictions included... A police raid chases away the pub's barflies. The three professional boozers stop from running just in front of a fortune teller expert in a niche field: death prediction. The rest is entertainment! Although we are all indebted to one death, some refuse to pay this debt. They don't want to die when it was written for them. Or just predicted... The story of a school festival that is being jointly organized by Tadakuni, Yoshitake, and Hidenori's all-boys school and an adjacent all-girls school. At an all boys high school, Tadakuni (Masaki Suda), Yoshitake (Shuhei Nomura) and Hidenori (Ryo Yoshizawa) are close friends and think usually all day about girls. Their high school then co-hosts a school festival with an all girls high school.  Rick Rosenthal goes on a quest that plumbs the secrets of the legendary bluefin tuna. This fish can weigh up to 1,500 pounds and can move up to 50 miles per hour. Here he catches a bluefin tuna on camera. Anti-communist orientation for Americans A bush-league group of amateur filmmakers spend two weeks in the backwoods of Georgia searching for the mysterious Bigfoot. Based on a true story, "Faithball" is a funny, inspiring and heartwarming tale surrounding a group of misfit kids who - along with their well-meaning but flawed baseball coach - start out trying to save their baseball team, but in the end overcome insurmountable obstacles and achieve enormous success for themselves and their community. Ariane Felder is pregnant! This is surprising with her being a young hardened judge with strict morals.  But what is more surprising is that, according to paternity testing, the child's father is none other than Bob, a criminal from the prosecution charged with an atrocious attack!  Ariane doesn't remember any of what has happened, so she has no idea what to expect... Hot Bot is the hilarious journey of two sexually repressed and unpopular teenage geeks who accidentally discover a life-like super-model sex bot (Bardot). Finding Samantha Dixon tells the story of Joshua, who finds an iPhone in an empty field and decides to track down the owner of the phone, a beautiful young woman named Samantha Dixon. But what begins as a lighthearted odyssey turns into a real mystery as all of her contacts and friends report not having seen her in weeks. For one month every year, five highly competitive friends hit the ground running in a no-holds-barred game of tag they've been playing since the first grade. This year, the game coincides with the wedding of their only undefeated player, which should finally make him an easy target. But he knows they're coming...and he's ready. Danny and his old school friend Ben, get in farther than they can handle, when they accidentally 'switch' a case containing unmarked bills. Soon after this, unbeknown to them, they are hunted by local gangsters and hard men. Romans Road is a zany heartfelt comedy about five women living on a secluded military base. Together they learn to enjoy the journey and seize each day. There goes the neighborhood! Arnaud Dubois may be the heir to a bank, but he prefers to call himself Mohamed. Having fallen out with his father, he turns his back on the family residence. On his travels, he meets Mustafa, who introduces him to his sister Sabrina. Having fallen in love with the attractive young woman, Arnaud decides to pass himself off as an ordinary street guy named...Mohamed. A criminal produces an uncontrollable laughter to the population and Mortadelo and Filemon will have to stop him. A satire on inflation-hit middle-class Indian family from a small city in North India. The story revolves around our protagonist who is struggling to survive in this spiraling inflation and how he comes up with a solution to battle it, only to find himself in an even bigger mess due to their innocence and naivety. Middle-aged salaryman Ichiro Sasaki (Mitsuru Hirata) hears of the death of his childhood friend Okabe (Takeshi Itoh). Okabe left a message for Ichiro right before his death. From the message, Ichiro learns the truth of a sad cast from the past and that Okabe liked Ichiro's first love Sachi (Aoi Kirishima). When they were young, Okabe got everything he wanted, but Ichiro could not do anything about what he wanted. After Ichiro meets a young woman named Haru (Kanako Mizumoto), his passion for the younger days begins to revive. On Christmas vacation,a cynical college student is magically transformed into a bulldog until she learns the meaning of her family and the spirit of Christmas. The film follows four high school boys: nerd buddies Yong and Jay, selected to represent the school in a science competition; ambitious Best who wants to make the school ping-pong team, knowing a scholarship could ease his family's financial burden; and Em who, after quitting school and joining vocational college, follows his Korean obsession by becoming the leader of a dance group, and is also trying to win back his ex-girlfriend, Fieng. The four boys, driven by very different reasons, end up praying before the Luang Poo idol at the spirit house near their school, promising to give the idol a Thai dance if their wishes come true. While not all believe in the powers of the sacred spirit, the boys enlist Nut, a transgender professional dancer, to teach them some moves. Maverick cop Orin Boyd always brings down the domestic terrorists he tracks, but he ruffles feathers with his unorthodox techniques -- and soon finds himself reassigned to the toughest district in Detroit. When he discovers a group of detectives secretly operating a drug ring, Boyd joins forces with an unlikely ally -- gangster Latrell Walker -- to bring down the rotten cops.  Sergio and his family work in an estate in Argentina's northern region. When their employers aren't home, they occupy the main house and emulate the life of the owners. Then Pia, the eldest daughter of the owner, arrives at the estate with the intention of staying a few days until her father's marriage... A cop named DCP Rudra is transferred to a new police station. As the city is riddled with crime and corruption, he decides to bring law and order back for which he has to go against Nagori Subramaniyam, the local mafia. He does not believe in the system of going by the book and instead fights fire with fire. What are the rules that determine how attraction and desire are set free? Glances, unexpected smiles, confiding in unknown women. Long cherished fantasies, intimate friendships and unexpected meetings. In Volume 2 of the Sexual Tension diptych, Marco Berger and Marcelo Monaco take us on a journey through the twists and turns of female seduction: two guests of a hostel become roommates (and more); a keen shop assistant helps a woman uncertain about what dress to buy; the outset of a great passion between two girls during a picnic, even though one of them has a boyfriend. In the film we also find a conversation about Woody Allen between a waitress and a woman, which goes too far; and two high-class escorts who discover that they are attracted to each other, when they are in bed with a client. The film finally shows what could happen, but never did happen, and will probably never happen, to two thirty-year-old women. Maybe it would be better not to have sex with people we love. Sex ... One night, the phone rings in a traditional Portuguese snack bar from the country side. The Spanish Civil Guard is looking for Kunta. He isn't there and till he arrives people speculate about those phone calls and about who is that man. His he a thief? A terrorist? 'Here and Now' tenderly unveils self made adversities in everyday life of three friends. Artist Jo is suffering from a mental block and her canvas is still blank. Her therapist asks her to do nothing to conquer the block. But how on earth can you do nothing? Restaurateur Luke longs to do nothing as he is terrorized by his thoughts. He takes a time-out to flee the pending madness. But who is actually thinking in his head? Nothing left but fear in musician Gibsi's head as the date of her gig approaches. She'd love to escape her destiny - but if not now, when? A Dramedy set in Switzerland and vividly portrayed by a non professional gay and lesbian cast. A village so small all the residents not only knows each other, but also can easily recognize the neighbor's cow face a frightful news. It was announced on TV that the most powerful coronal mass ejection in the Earth's history would take place. Humankind has only 24 hours left. The world runs mad in different ways getting ready for the apocalypse, and a unique local scenario of waving the life goodbye is inverted in the village. Tables are put together, pies are baked, and some gather strength and courage to make the most important decisions of their lives... But what about the doomsday? It just doesn't arrive. Oops, got it wrong! The situation is heating up. Everybody realize they can't go on as they did before.  Wile E. Coyote's plans for catching the Road Runner involve a giant elastic spring, a gun and trampoline, TNT sticks in a barrel, and tornado seeds. The last of these schemes results in the Coyote being swept up by a twister and carried into a mine field. A young witch, on her mandatory year of independent life, finds fitting into a new community difficult while she supports herself by running an air courier service. Documentary about the tour of the band "The Strokes" in Europe in 2001.  A poor hat-check girl loses her job and is forced to get a job as a dancer at a roadhouse. There she falls in love with the son of a rich businessman. The boy's father, believing her to be after the family's money, determines to embarrass her and show his son what she really is. Marked by losses and mismatches, Jose's eccentric family seek to be happy while locked in Paraiso Perdido, a nightclub that has stopped in time, where they sing popular romantic music. A rich gentleman who has a severe problem with his voice. His voice repels people from interacting with him. Punjabi Comedy Movie  by Raj Brar After spending most of his life being defeated by his rival, Ottone, Biagio tries committing suicide - but in the hereafter he is offered a chance to come back to life for a week As his wedding day approaches, Ben heads to Miami with his soon-to-be brother-in-law James to bring down a drug dealer who's supplying the dealers of Atlanta with product.   Aidan Bloom, a struggling actor, father and husband, is 35 years old and still trying to find a purpose for his life. He and his wife are barely getting by financially and Aidan passes his time by fantasizing about being the great futuristic Space-Knight he'd always dreamed he'd be as a little kid. When his ailing father can no longer afford to pay for private school for his two kids and the only available public school is on its last legs, Aidan reluctantly agrees to attempt to home-school them. Through teaching them about life his way, Aidan gradually discovers some of the parts of himself he couldn't find. Set in the 1920s French Riviera, a master magician is commissioned to try and expose a psychic as a fraud. A 29-year-old lawyer  and her lesbian best friend experience a dramatic shift in their longtime bond after one enters a serious relationship Sonali, a spunky self-made internet operator, proudly runs a small outfit along with her band of ghetto boys catering to a sprawling Mumbai suburb. Complications arise when Sonali's childhood sweetheart, Raghu returns from the United States and helps bring her small enterprise into the 21st century. But not all forces of modernization are as kind and as loving as Raghu. SHINING INC, a huge corporation wants her out to complete their monopoly of Shining Broadband in the city. Sonali refuses... and it's war! This is a character driven, edgy survival drama of an ordinary girl, a sizzling love interest and her rag-tag family of internet cable technicians for whom Sonali Cable Centre is more than a livelihood... it's their home. A humorous survey of the history of the development of transportation technology in Canada. At 33, Arman has decided to change his life. He starts by running. It's a good start. Amelie carries on with her life. She runs, as well. The first encounter is a shock. The second is a stab in the heart. When Rainie runs away from home after her mom forgot about her birthday, she is magically transported from the big city to an enchanted jungle in an unfamiliar land, where she meets Blue. With the help of Blue's grandfather and their newfound friend Mulla, they embark on an epic adventure to help Blue become the leader he is destined to be and save the rainforest from the villainous Boss Cain. Tracy, a lonely college freshman in New York, is rescued from her solitude by her soon-to-be stepsister Brooke, an adventurous gal about town who entangles her in alluringly mad schemes. When Shaun decides to take the day off and have some fun, he gets a little more action than he bargained for. A mix up with the Farmer, a caravan and a very steep hill lead them all to the Big City and it's up to Shaun and the flock to return everyone safely to the green grass of home. Sweeping away stigma - tackling mental health issues through film. Bess Lavigne is a gifted curler who doesn't curl competitively, because of an anxiety disorder she's been afflicted with since childhood, and, who ultimately finds redemption while coaching four down-and-out women struggling with their own issues. A cynical look at the life of a not so nice country-western singer, Maury Dann - played by Rip Torn in one of his most memorable performances. He ruthlessly manipulates every one around him to suit his selfish needs...he even gets his limo driver to take the blame for the death of a fan which he stabbed. Hotel Deluxe is basically "All's Well Ends Well 2013", with almost the same cast and crew, and some new faces added in. It tells the story of a team of hotel management trying their best to score a 5-star rating for their hotel, with some supporting characters and stories added in along the way.  Kunchithapatham's unique name becomes the butt of joke and ridicule for others. He relates his failures to his name and wants to change it. He meets an astrologer who is popular in giving fancy names that could bring luck to people. His named his changed to Harish and soon after his luck changes. Dass specialises in small time kidnapping and has his own set of rules. The primary and most important among them is not to get involved with influential people. Three jobless youngsters meet Dass and the four take up an assignment for a hefty sum that throws away this primary rule and end up being chased by a dreaded policeman. When down-on-his-luck part-time high school wrestling coach Mike agrees to become legal guardian to an elderly man, his ward's troubled grandson turns out to be a star grappler, sparking dreams of a big win -- until the boy's mother retrieves him. A girl moves to the beach and spends a lazy summer exploring the ramshackle town and falling for the wrong boy. Inspired by films like "People on Sunday" rather than Frankie and Annette, BEACH TOWN is a rock and roll beach movie of the mind - an unabashedly romantic look at the lives of young people in a low-rent coastal community, where the art life is ineffably linked with their surroundings. A fanciful battle of the sexes ensues when the relationships of the staff and patrons of a quirky London cafe are unexpectedly turned upside down by sudden revelations of terribly embarrassing secrets having to do with their sexual misadventures. Presented by Michael Cathcart, this is one of Australia's great untold stories of escaped convict, William Buckley's amazing story of survival - living for over 30 years with an Aboriginal tribe. Story about the journey of a Japanese girl named Ichigo who travels to Malaysia for a vacation along with a tour group from his country through a travel package by Strawberry Vanilla Travel &amp; Tours. As the secrets of Malaysia's beauty are revealed to them, Ichigo is also shown to harbour secrets of her own. Her true intention of travelling to Malaysia is to search for something that has long eluded his life... Spark is a good looking, charming yet a talented guy. His reputation lands him a job in advertising industry that made him a wealthy man. With his earning ability, Spark started to spend without knowing his limitation. Even to an extent when he can't clear all his credit card debts but he still believes that he can afford to have the best quality lifestyle. When Spark met Jackie, a beautiful successful young business lady from a wealthy family. Spark falls in love with her, but instead of romance, her existence leads up to Spark's financial problems and sets off the crisis of his life. "Adik Manja Returns" is the long-awaited sequel to the successful "Adik Manja" directed by Othman Hafsham. The story still revolves around the misbehaviour of the female students in a private institution, which has now been taken over by the daughter of the previous headmaster, Pengetua Sofia (Rozita). However, Sofia is unable to control the discipline problems that plague the institution, so she resorts to seeking Azmi (Dharma Harun Al Rashid), something that her late mother advised her to do should she face those problems. Apparently, two rival dance groups known as Shuffle and Hip Hop, which are led by queen bees Bib and Su, respectively, are stirring up trouble among the other students. Desperate to repay his debt to his ex-wife, an ex-con plots a heist at his new employer's country home, unaware that a second criminal has also targeted the property, and rigged it with a series of deadly traps. romantic comedy that focuses on the issue of polygamy in Malaysia. The story centres on a successful plastic bowl businessman from Perak known as Dr K, who has already reached the quota of four wives, all whom are from different states. They are as follows: Saadiah from Selangor, Sahara from Kelantan, Monalisa from Negeri Sembilan dan Mimi from Sabah. The large family live a happy and peaceful life, until Dr K is influenced by Rahim, his driver and number one suck-up, and becomes involved in a scandal with Farra, who is the sister to a gangster head, Cico. As a result, Dr K is forced to choose between which of his wives to divorce in order to marry Farra, or risk losing his life.  Classification: 18 During the 1920 Silesian uprising, seven brothers take part in the struggle with the Germans to keep the region in the Polish hands. A group of mid-twenty friends with unsteady jobs meet for a party where they intend to hook up two of their friends. Over the following weeks we follow their lives in four different small apartments as their relationships change and evolve and as everyone struggles with love. In this sometimes disturbing documentary, the drugs and alcohol problems of the American working class are studied from the perspective of an Irish redneck. A unique romantic comedy regarded as the male version of SEX AND THE CITY with a bit of SATURDAY NIGHT FEVER mixed in. This award-winning film (Golden Reel Award at the 2013 Nevada International Film Festival) is being called "A laugh-filled comedy with a very important and powerful message!" The film is written and directed by Mac Jay, who also stars in the film. Eleven tales of love connected by padlocks on a gate - a journey exploring the heart behind the worldwide phenomenon that is Locks of Love. A series of demonstrations that illustrate some of the scientific principles involved in magnetism.  Star War The Third Gathers: The Backstroke of the West (often referred to as Star War Episode III: The Backstroke of the West or shortened to Backstroke of the West) is a bootlegged version of Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith. The bootleg contains hilarious English subtitles translated poorly from Chinese. The movie was dubbed by GratefulDeadpool in 2016. When Chef Carl Casper suddenly quits his job at a prominent Los Angeles restaurant after refusing to compromise his creative integrity for its controlling owner, he is left to figure out what's next. Finding himself in Miami, he teams up with his ex-wife, his friend and his son to launch a food truck. Taking to the road, Chef Carl goes back to his roots to reignite his passion for the kitchen -- and zest for life and love. When the opening night of a new play goes horribly awry, the actors are forced to frantically improvise the plot onstage. Clashing egos, tested friendships and a series of disastrous misunderstandings combine to create the most offensive, shocking and accidental piece of theater ever to debut in front of a live audience. Martha and Jed Richards live in Oregon in 1862. They and their two daughters moved there to make a new life, but the daughters died of cholera along the way. This has left Martha an emotional wreck, and she is unable to move on with her life. That is until an orphan named Danny comes to live with them. Jed immediately accepts Danny as his son, but Martha is still too upset to be able to love him. As time passes, however, she finds herself more and more able to accept him as part of the family. A jet-setting model leads a freewheeling life in Mexico City until she falls in love with an artist. Manena is the headstrong adolescent daughter of Pancho, a rich Chilean landowner who devotes his vacation to one thing : the invasion of his artificial lagoon by carps. While he employs increasingly radical methods, Manena has her first romantic experiences and hearbreak - and discovers a silent world in the shadow of her own : that of the Mapuche Indians who demand access to the land and clash with her father. An enthusiastic internet celebrity, Bryce Ryder, throws the party of a lifetime in celebration of his 100th video- yet an unexpected guest plots to murder everyone in attendance. Making friends is not always easy when you're young. Finding friends may be particularly challenging if you are a Christian and want friends who live by Bible standards. This video has therefore been produced to help you learn how to make friends - the right kind of friends! In the story, Vivian is sole heir to a business empire. Sheila is Vivian's friend who is a lifestyle magazine editor. Meanwhile, Philip is the hottest bachelor in town engaged to be wed to Vivian. However, a scandalous revelation tears the three characters' worlds apart. Time passes by and the supposed bride becomes the lover and the supposed lover is now the bride. Holly loves Rob and tries to help him through his grief - even if it means contending with his dead girlfriend Nina, who comes back, bloody and broken, every time they make love Job is kicked out of home by his father on his birthday. Having no place to go, he takes refuge in the terrace of Rose, who just lost her husband. A 1964 handsome real estate agent, Drew Drake, must buck societal norms and make a commitment of marriage to his longtime love and comedy partner Whitey Ford.  A man falls in love with a woman, a new recruit in his company. He seeks guidance from the `Love Guru' to win her heart, but problems arise when the guru learns that the man is in love with his sister. Berlin, a summer in the age of neoliberalism: the spectre of the soviet avant-garde is haunting the city. A young Georgian contract-worker is surprised to find the ghost of the Russian revolutionary poet Vladimir Mayakovsky in his kitchen. At the same time, his friend Kasimir inherits a big fortune, but what shall he do with all this money? Framed by a travel through time leading to Flaubert's 19th Century und the shooting of a revisionist melodrama for German television, the film follows the adventures of these three characters in contemporary Berlin. A suprematist digital comedy about the transmission of emancipatory energies. This essential new documentary pays tribute to the legacy of the late, legendary casting director Marion Dougherty and shines a light on one of the most overlooked and least understood crafts in filmmaking. For many years, four teenage orphans at an Australian outback convent have watched their younger comrades find new parents, and realize that they may never be adopted. The Reverend Mother sends the four boys away on a seaside vacation, where they meet Teresa and Fearless, a couple who would make perfect parents. The youths compete with one another to be the one Teresa and Fearless decide to adopt. Delivering laughs for the entire family, "Apostles of Comedy: Onwards and Upwards" is a hilarious stand-up comedy feature film for the faith-based community starring comedy superstars Jeff Allen, Ron Pearson and Keith Alberstadt. Spain, 1966. An English teacher who travels to Almeria when he hears that John Lennon is making a film there befriends with a 16-year-old boy who has run away from home and a young girl who also seems to be running away from something. Baburao La Pakda is the story of a landlord named Baburao who is on the run with his friend`s sister Chameli &amp; his money as well. Comedy ensues when the contract killer hired to locate Baburao finds him &amp; Chameli in Bangkok. Janie is an ambitious student who dreams of a better life. Dee is a gorgeous socialite who dreams of a rich husband. They're already not the best of friends...or the best of roommates. But when Janie gets the opportunity of a lifetime, Dee becomes the roommate from hell as she desperately tries to destroy Janie's life. It's an all out girl-war, leaving a ROOMMATE WANTED. Petey Wheatstraw (Rudy Ray Moore) is a candidate to become the devil's son-in-law. The storyline is a scaffolding on which Rudy Ray Moore's standup humor can be unfolded. Beginning life as the afterbirth to a watermelon, the young Wheatstraw becomes a martial artist, but is unable to best the evil comedy team of Leroy and Skillet, who also indulge in wholesale murder. Satan restores the comedians' victims to life, and charges Petey with the task of marrying his clock-stoppingly ugly daughter to giving him a grandchild. When Petey attempts to default on the deal, he is pursued by the devil's henchmen. A YouTube adaption of David Henry Hwang's play about race, identity, politics, and casting. Adam is an unsuccessful writer living in Los Angeles, working as a film critic. He has been depressed ever since his girlfriend broke up with him a year ago, and to make matters worse, has just recently lost his job. Nowadays, he lives day to day, desperately waiting for a miracle that will turn his life around. One day he receives an unexpected visit from his ex-roommate from college, Tom, an egocentric womanizer who lives in Belgium. Adam just wants to be alone and keep to himself, but Tom has other ideas, which includes partying and women. Will Tom's visit give Adam new perspective on life or just make it worse? Based on a true story. The name of the real ship, that sunk Feb 5 1941 - during WWII - was S/S Politician. Having left Liverpool two days earlier, heading for Jamaica, it sank outside Eriskay, The Outer Hebrides, Scotland, in bad weather, containing 250,000 bottles of whisky. The locals gathered as many bottles as they could, before the proper authorities arrived, and even today, bottles are found in the sand or in the sea every other year. When TROY turned on crime boss DMITRI DEBARTOLLA he was forced to leave Los Angeles and lay low in Miami. After two years, and the loss of his leg in a shootout with a Cuban crime syndicate, Troy returns to LA to reclaim what is rightfully his. A reunion with his former partners in a rundown hotel sets the stage for an explosive encounter where past and present collide. A romantic comedy about a young man who tricks others into thinking he is a substitute teacher at a university. The continuing adventures of the barbers at Calvin's Barbershop. Gina, a stylist at the beauty shop next door, is now trying to cut in on his buisness. Calvin is again struggling to keep his father's shop and traditions alive--this time against urban developers looking to replace mom &amp; pop establishments with name-brand chains. The world changes, but some things never go out of style--from current events and politics to relationships and love, you can still say anything you want at the barbershop. Amar, Akbar &amp; Tony follows the lives and loves of three childhood friends through twists and turns as the characters face sudden and unforeseen changes to their idealistic and trouble-free young lives. With hilarious and sometimes tragic consequences, the brotherly bond shared by the trio is forced to come to terms with some unexpected challenges. Interracial marriage, near fatal accidents and stints in prison will test old friendships and family values. A coming of age comedy drama showing the absurdities of life can also be the most amusing. Thamara, an orphan, rescues an old man from committing suicide and fosters him. Soon, she bonds with the old man and unravels the mystery behind his suicidal attempt. A legal team must work together to figure out the mystery behind a rooftop Christmas tree to keep the owner from going to jail for Christmas -- again. Four stories about Finnish life intersect. In the first story, the ex- bassist Tom makes a mistake. He calls the old band mate, drum artist Monkki Mahonen renovation of this property to the wife 's summer home. The story starts to get "kauhuelokuvamaisia  " features the Monkki and the lady of the house Stina on a collision course. The following story wannabee - motorcycle gang and its leader Jouni humiliated in the village shop. Jouni decides to avenge the humiliation robbing trade. He is a tough movie freak and draws its revenge plan inspired by the famous action movies. In the third story of the journey of the yellow press, the early days of the sixties to mid. During the film has become known for bad behavior Helsinki fantasy and sci-fi director Kurt von "Kurre" Riikonen, which rises at the center of the fourth story. The story begins when Lupus moved to new  high school "Merah Putih". There he met with Poppy (Acha Septriasa) and immediately fell in love with the girl. But Poppie've got another lover, Daniel (Kevin Julio). At the new school, Lupus meet unique new friends, like Gusur(Jeremy Christian), strange artist who has aspirations to buy a house for his grandpa who had been living in with my sister-in-law. While Poppy busy with his business, Lupus and his companions planned to join the race "go green" that held the Ministry despite opposition by the high school Principal. The Talib was under a shady tree when he felt someone was touching his cheek, it turned out that pocong and kuntilanak were in the tree. The Talib was scared and screamed and invited many residents to arrive. Three young people, Acong, Bedul, and Jupe, arranged a plan to make a profit from this case. They spread rumors as if they could take photos of Poke Roxy with cellphones. Even though Bedul and Jupe were disguised  News of the appearance of Roxy Pokun in Roxy soon spread and became a byword. The Chief Editor of the "Rahasia" Tabloid, Pak Edo Polo, assigned two young journalists, journalist Pina and Bondy photo reporter to track and get photos of Pokun Roxy. Then Pina-Bondy traced the Roxy village area. They met Commander Hansip Bolot.  Ashens is going on a quest to find the legendary, and elusive electronic tat known as the Game Child. Mitchell Dyer has always been a loner. The only two things he has ever been passionate about are his inventions and his autograph collection. He has only one friend, Vance Marlow. One day, while Mitchell is working in his basement, Vance shows up, claiming that he has invented a device, out of a label maker, that can let him travel in time. Vance convinces Mitchell into coming along with him, as they set out on a hilarious and eye opening quest to get the autographs of the four Gospel writers, Matthew, Mark, Luke and John. Along the way they learn a few things about what is REALLY important in life. A recently outed soap opera actor crosses paths with a recently divorced gay marriage activist, forcing them to confront the price of fame and the fickle nature of celebrity within the gay community. A Japanese Yakuza gangster's deadly existence in his homeland gets him exiled to Los Angeles, where he is taken in by his little brother and his brother's gang. Andre, 55, lives with his mother Louise, 80, and leads an unspectacular life. He works as a taxi driver while the elderly diva dreams of bygone days as an actress in Hollywood. One day the charismatic Bill, 50, an American, turns up on their doorstep - a stranger who will soon turn their quiet life upside down. Alexander, the King of Macedonia, leads his legions against the giant Persian Empire. After defeating the Persians, he leads his army across the then known world, venturing farther than any westerner had ever gone, all the way to India. A deliciously lighthearted comedy from the team of the successful web series Girl Seeks Girl. A hot and hilarious LGBT comedy that shows the different ways to understand love & family. When a top-secret laboratory is unexpectedly breached, thousands of rampaging raptors are unleashed on Los Angeles! A black-ops unit is mobilized to contain the creatures before they cause city-wide chaos. Simultaneously, a truckload of raptors is rerouted to a nearby prison. Upon their escape, these ferocious flesh-eaters are beyond containment. This is Jurassic judgment night for smoking hot sorority girls, sinister scientists, muscle-bound military and doomed death-row inmates! It's about to get bloody in Jurassic City! A petty thief posing as an actor is brought to Los Angeles for an unlikely audition and finds himself in the middle of a murder investigation along with his high school dream girl and a detective who's been training him for his upcoming role... Amavasai (Sathyaraj) turns Nagaraja Cholan,  a successful politician. Corrupt to the core, the movie begins from where the first part ended. He rises to become a Deputy Chief Minister. The tantrums and political game played by Nagaraja Cholan forms the movie's crux. A virgin named Fred must win a bet by sleeping with 30 Girls in 30 Days for one million dollars to save his parents business. Aoi Nishimori's parents moved to another city for work, but Aoi didn't want to transfer to a new high school. She stays behind and lives in an apartment by herself. Shusei Kugayama moves in next to Aoi's apartment. Shusei is a very popular student at their high school. Due to a mistake, Aoi makes the sprinkler go off in his room. Until Shusei's room is fixed, he stays with Aoi. A deaf actor who plays a superhero on a TV show must look beyond the cape to inspire a deaf boy to believe in himself. Via a magic mirror, Twilight Sparkle travels into an alternate universe in order to recover a crown that was stolen from the Crystal Empire. Upon her arrival she is horrified to learn that she has turned into a human. Mathias Gold (Kevin Kline) is a down-on-his-luck New Yorker who inherits a Parisian apartment from his estranged father. But when he arrives in France to sell the vast domicile, he's shocked to discover a live-in tenant who is not prepared to budge. His apartment is a viager - an ancient French real estate system with complex rules pertaining to its resale - and the feisty Englishwoman Mathilde Girard (Maggie Smith), who has lived in the apartment with her daughter Chloe (Kristin Scott Thomas) for many years, can by contract collect monthly payments from Mathias until her death. Anything you wanna watch in the palm of your hands! Crazy convenient. Crazy... This is a modern pirate story complete with a captain, a mutinous crew of outlaws, a princess, her wedding dress and untold riches. Only one thing is missing: the ship. According to legend, Vulchan, a 19th-century gypsy pirate, attacked three convoys laden with gold. He robbed them, sunk them and hid his treasure by the coast. Fast forward to present day. Captain Jack, an ex-con himself, leads a motley bunch of homeless outcasts--alcoholics and petty criminals--in a search for the hidden loot. But their hopes of riches and glory are threatened when the brother of the Bulgarian Prime Minister announces plans to build a new mega tourist resort by the Black Sea. Two friends and their sweet and endearing misadventures and one of these misadventures sees them land in the middle of a kidnapping investigation. For as long as she can remember, Haruko has wanted to be a geisha. Eager to start her career, she approaches a teahouse in one of Kyoto's famous geisha districts to become an apprentice geisha, or maiko--only to be rejected due to her lack of references, country bumpkin dialect and uncultivated demeanor. By chance, her accent catches the interest of Professor Kyono, a linguistics specialist and regular patron at the teahouse. He strikes a deal with the teahouse proprietor, promising to transform Haruko's strong dialect into ladylike speech within 6 months. But becoming a maiko is no easy feat: have the professor and Haruko underestimated the task ahead?  Based loosely on the Audrey Hepburn classic My Fair Lady, Lady Maiko is a musical comedy that provides a window into the world of geisha and the dedication it takes to achieve your dreams. Jake and Desmond (Paranormal Exterminators) team up with Alison, whose house is infested with undead creatures, to fight the horde and keep a demon from entering our dimension. When Seth gets dumped on his 18 birthday, his best friend Nick tries to throw him the best party ever. But everything goes wrong when Nick suspects Seth is turning into a zombie after spending the night with a prostitute. An immature, newly unemployed comic must navigate the murky waters of adulthood after her fling with a graduate student results in an unplanned pregnancy. The story follows three young men who are willing to do anything to reach their dreams, even to prostitute themselves to gain money for the bussines they want. They obviously get themselves into trouble and various funny situations. In 1950s Australia, beautiful, talented dressmaker Tilly returns to her tiny hometown to right wrongs from her past. As she tries to reconcile with her mother, she starts to fall in love while transforming the fashion of the town.  Grand romantic gestures need not apply in this comedic tale of star-crossed young love. Instead, freshman Brian Kieslowski displays endless reserves of bumbling awkwardness as he goes home with a girl for the first time... and then learns that he got her pregnant... with twins... all while she's going through a rather inconvenient Christianity phase. Could it be that being the good guy and doing what's right are two very different things?  A once accomplished sculptor, a former college art teacher, but now a lonely graveyard shift doorman, Abner Roth is sadly a mere shadow of his former self. Having lost the love of his life and haunted by the death of a woman in a terrible car accident a year ago, he is desolate and suicidal but amusingly so. Step in Zoe, a free spirited taxi driver with a large hart and persuasive disposition. Zoe's energy and outlook help Abner look at life anew and try to reconcile his conflicted past. Stick a finger down your throat and barf right now 'cause this vid is SICK! Slater manhandling 10-foot thick "Soup Bowls." Andy and Bruce pumping your veins up withdanger-shred ballet. But don't eat a tub of Daaz washed down with an eight ball just yet - Shane Dorian ends this ride raw like the spandex-ed Bruce Dickenson of "Maiden Japan." We at The Mag recommend this vid big. Singam (Krishna Sekhar) gets cheated out of an original idea of his by a prominent person in the society. He decides to stop pleading and start threatening. He begins with a plan to corner the big shot. He meets Krishnaveni (Vijayalakshmi Agathiyan), who has left home and needs fast money. With a common purpose, they soon become partners and work out a plan. They blackmail the big shot with videotapes that they threaten to release all over the media if he refused to pay up. Buoyed by the success of their maiden outing, they decide to become con artists. They are successful in various ventures and finally end up blackmailing a minister. The minister, after initially caving in to their threats, decides to settle scores. What happens next forms the rest of the story. Documentarian Abe Benjamin stumbles across an old cassette tape in a thrift store that leads him to investigate the mysterious origin of a bamboo bike and the odd little girl who accompanies it on its journey through time. Unbeknownst to Abe, the Braughman Brothers Security Team are on the hunt for the same bike at the request of their billionaire boss and best friend Joe Panda. Chaos ensues. Popeye gives Olive a parrot that he's trained. Bluto sets the bird free and then tries to kill it. Leo is 10 and wise beyond his years. A solitary dreamer who seeks refuge in books. When the carefree 20-year-old Theo steps into his life, it forces Leo out of his shell. Despite their age difference, the two becomes best friends, helping each other face up to their responsibilities. Ruthless dominatrixes pursue a mild-mannered salesman who wants to get out of his unbreakable contract with a secret bondage club. Seven clumsy dwarfs try to undo the spell they unwillingly unleashed and save the fairy tales world with the help of a tired dragon and a butterfly. The evil witch Dellamorta cursed princess Rose when she was a baby. Before she turns 18, Rose will get stung in the finger by a sharp object and she and the whole castle will fall into a hundred year long sleep unless her true love would kiss her. The night before her birthday she sends her bf Jack to the 7 dwarfs, who live behind the 7 mountains to hide until after Rose has turned 18. Unfortunately he gets lost and captured by Dellamorta's dragon Burner. So at the party, Rose gets stung in the finger, and everyone falls into deep sleep. Everyone but the 7 dwarfs of course who will go on a journey to save Jack so he can save Rose. Emilie dreams of becoming a drummer despite having downs syndrome. An exploration of the creative process - its angst, its thrills, its purpose and its methods. Two sibling doctors take on a young diabetic patient and both fall for the girl's lovely mother, who tends bar at a local watering hole, testing their fraternal bonds and professional relationship. An over-the-hill movie producer marries a wealthy, spiteful woman and closeted lesbian just to please his spoiled daughter who then, in an attempt to spite him, seduces both a wealthy playboy and a local screenwriter. How far are you willing to go to keep your childhood best friends? Probably not far enough. A hot young college girl takes a gig dogsitting for the mysterious SILAS KILLINGTON. But hours have gone by, and she hasn't seen the dog. And the news of an escaped serial killer has her on edge. She calls some friends over, but their Ouija board session causes a blackout. Or does it? And why is some freak outside the window singing "I'm in the Mood for Love"? WHAT'S GOING ON HERE??? From the Director of 'DEADTIME' and 'Crying Wolf' comes Cute Little Buggers! Will you let them take our women? It's Gremlins meets Hot Fuzz set in the English countryside. When hostile aliens crash land on local farmland the villagers at the summer ball get suspicious when young women start going missing. The villagers soon band together around our hero Melchoir to fend off the invaders and bring back peace to the sleepy English countryside! B-movie laughs in this creature feature from Director Tony Jopia. Singer-songwriter Slink Moss plays the mysterious driver of a Cadillac hearse who journeys across America to pick up and drop off a hitchhiker to his (final?) destination. The nearly-wordless film stylishly re-imagines the open road as a state of Limbo. A young man is forced to pretend to be his estranged gay brother in order to keep a major business from falling through. Though he has always hated his brother, the young man gains a new appreciation as he lives his brother's life. The definitive murder compilation In a spooky small town, when a slew of pizza delivery boys are slain on the job, two daring survivors set out to catch the culprits behind the cryptic crime spree. Taryln is a powerful and career-driven woman with a high tolerance for her husband's foolishness. When she discovers that her man has been unfaithful, she hatches a devious plot to teach her "better half" a lesson he will never forget. Following a terrible car crash, a woman awakes to find an enigmatic mortician preparing her for burial.  Sebastian has one ambition in life: to do nothing. His horizon is his couch. His life he does not want to live but contemplate. But today, if you do nothing - You are nothing. So driven by his two roommates, that chain internships and odd jobs, decided to Anna and not quite decided Bruno, Sebastien will have to - A little. In a failed diamond heist, two hopeless thieves hide out in an apartment taking a ten-year-old boy hostage. With a gang of dirty police closing in on them each thief must decide to what lengths he will go to survive--a decision that will change the boy's life forever. Ten contestants appear on a competitive reality show geared toward weight-loss. As the competition grows more intense, they realize that they're losing more than just weight; they are losing competitors. Are the contestants dropping out voluntarily or is something more insidious going on? Will any of them even live long enough to see the final round? Documentary about Palestinians living in a refugee camp.  Giovanni Improtta is an offender who want to legalize and ascend socially. To this end, commit some offenses. Is betrayed in the crosshairs of the media and the police, under a wrongful murder charge difficult to be resolved through legal means. Taking all that was great from the first installment, ABCs OF DEATH 2 aims to be a wilder, leaner, faster paced and even more entertaining anthology this time around, with a new crop of award-winning, visionary filmmakers from around the globe. This movie invites you to take a look at the world of micro budget indie cinema. The point is to entertain you while also teaching you some insider knowledge. You'll love this story even if you don't care about the genre, but if you are part of the industry, you will hail this as your video bible. What happens when a costumed universal space hero is put out to pasture? Or, rather, the actor portraying him is? During the early years of the Republic era, in the North-East region of China, the people are suffering from the power struggle among the local Warlords, bandits, and Japanese invaders. Warlord Lam (Sammo Hung), is not a leader of great vision, but stands firm in his own beliefs. The only paradise within the region is 'Lucky Town', the one place where no one dared to attack as it was protected by the seven kung fu masters who have resided there. When young patriots, Yan Fang (Rose Chan) who disguised herself as a man, and Howard Luo (Dennis To), infiltrate Tiger's Den at night trying to steal the code book fail in their mission and tries to run, only Yan survives and is rescued by Cheryl. Mistaking Yan as a man, Cheryl falls for Yan. She then brings Yan to Lucky Town and begs the Seven Masters to cure Yan. Cheryl and the Seven Masters are then told of the secret plan by the Japanese, and together, they resolve to fight against Tiger Den and save Warlord Lam. Eric Tsang and stars are back with another entry into the "I Love Hong Kong" franchise this Chinese New Year with a story that is set in the 1970s, a decade of economic growth and prosperity for Hong Kong and the citizens. Two teenage girls travel across the U.S. in 1962, during the chaos of the Cuban missile crisis, in search of Eleanor Roosevelt.  Zindagi 50 50 has three stories of common people's special dreams. And to fulfill those dreams they have to struggle hard. Sometimes few get it easily, where most of them must struggle very hard with lots of sacrifice, values, principals to achieve their dreams. Among them only few get it after long struggle time where most of them have to loose everything with a failure tag. A mob courier is given the responsibility of transferring drugs from California to Hawaii. What he doesn't count on is his backstabbing girlfriend hiring an assassin to steal his stash. In his second feature, director/co-writer Hao pays rousing tribute to 'Er-ren-tai', a form of saucy musical performance closely associated with Hao's home region in the north-west near the Mongolian border. This colourfully accessible slice of backwater ethnography follows hapless hero Tiedan (Feng Si) from joyous childhood through to a maturity notable for an eventfully unorthodox love-life. Taking their cue from the Er-ren-tai songs themselves, which express passionate feelings in bursts of hyper-stylised intensity, Hao and his Korean editor Baek Seung Hoon sock over short scenes packed with freewheeling incident and comedy.  One rainy day, a young auto-repair shop worker, Cheol, falls in love with the housemaid of a rich family, Young-Hee. Cheol lies to her that he is a college student, and she also conceals what she does. They meet on rainy days only because she has a chance to have a a French-made raincoat. They rendezvous continue, but both of them can hardly find a chance to confess the truth about each other. So they are to split up, but still, they confess the truth to each other. One fatal decision leads to a cascade of errors and misjudgments that send the story of "Lust &amp; Found" into a crazy chase through Hong Kong to its comedic denouement where everyone gets what they deserve, though not necessarily what they want. A hardened bounty hunter, a gang of outlaws in his trust and a preacher are forced to work together and battle their way across the old west of the 1870s when the zombie apocalypse begins. Six criminals are tasked with kidnapping a young for ransom, but when they get locked inside her mansion, what they find is not what they expected. A group of friends and the insanity that occurs over the course of a summer.  Tim is devastated after being dumped by his longtime girlfriend of two years. With the help of his animated friends; Mils (The Stoner), Chris (The Geek) and Dax (The Alpha Male), Tim will pursue a new relationship, learn more about himself, and continue on his path to becoming a man. Undercover cop Lucas White joins Vin Serento's LA gang of illegal street racers. They are fast and they are furious and they plan to double cross LA crime kingpin Juan Carlos de la Sol who hides his cash in a downtown Taco Bell. The gang's outrageous plan is as daring as it is ridiculous and will see them towing the whole damn restaurant, at crazy speeds. A long-time married couple who've spent their lives together in the same New York apartment become overwhelmed by personal and real estate-related issues when they plan to move away. Love, motherhood and a musical career strike dissonant chords in this dark tale of a young Russian woman who tries to keep her balance among wealthy French expats in New York. A Korea-Japan collaboration, this romance comedy is about a top model who decides to put on weight for love. Contemporary Moscow, home to several people who apparently lead a totally carefree life. They have all acquired status in society, and at first sight seem to have everything they desire. But each of them is lacking something, and each has their own intimate secret. Assistant TV commercial director Choi Bo-Na is tasked with doing anything and everything at work. Due to overwork her appearance is always a complete mess, she also hasn't dated in many years. Smart, successful, and charming, Elsie is the perfect girlfriend; she also happens to be a serial monogamist, with a long history of broken hearts. When Elsie breaks up with her long-standing girlfriend to pursue another woman, she faces her mother's disapproval, conflicting advice from friends, and the nagging suspicion that she may have made a big mistake.  Set in the Parkdale neighborhood of Toronto, Portrait of a Serial Monogamist invites audiences to peek behind the curtain to a world of smart, funny and relatable queer characters, dealing with the universal complications of modern relationships. Not another coming out story, this is a fresh coming-of-middle-age romantic comedy. Leigh has made a film about how Darren and Joe met and fell in love. Due to its exaggerated nature, personal complications ensue. On St. Blevins Day (the most debauched of regional holidays), four boys looking to lose their virginity, a girl haunted by a dark secret, a lonely teenager, and an escaped mental patient all meet at a party in the woods. They were looking for fun but what they found... was TERROR! Hills Village 21000 Split is a documentary which in a Fellini style represents the inhabitants of an unusual neighbourhood. We encounter a dentist and writer, a tired ex-boxer who had a carrier in Germany, a hardcore punk band Pas Maters, whose charismatic front man and lead singer mysteriously disappeared, an old soccer supporter with the last name Hajduk, an ex-hooligan diligently studying in a night school and many others. A complex portrait of an unusual Split neighbourhood and its even more unusual inhabitants with Hajduk as their religion. Andres and Elias get together one evening for their last summer joint. On his way home, Elias finds a hidden case containing 5 different types of drugs. The next morning, Elias calls Andres to catch up on his discovery. He tells him he wants to gather round with some friends to perform an experiment: each should take a different drug and see what happens. The experiment takes a sudden turn when Andres girlfriend calls him to say her grandma has died. Madeline is the smallest of twelve girls in a boarding school, in an old house in Paris. When long lost Uncle Horst pays a surprise visit to Madeline, promising to move her to a new home in Vienna, her longing for a family seems to be fulfilled. Madeline becomes suspicious when her new Uncle loses his refined accent and takes an unexplained detour. Knowing she's in trouble Madeline leaves a trail. It then turns out that uncle Horst is actually Henri, a miserable lackey who works for an even more miserable woman who runs a dingy factory. Ultimately Madeline helps the orphans who work there by notifying the outside world of their plight. Life Is a Trumpet has a loose jazz musician as the groom, a butcher as his father, and two families of different backgrounds whose members are not as different as one might expect. An overenthusiastic high-school maintenance man attempts to lead an unlikely group of misfits to the Nebraska state tennis championship in Balls Out: The Gary Houseman Story? director Danny Leiner's underdog sports comedy. American Pie star Seann William Scott stars as the ambitious janitor who believes he has what it takes to coach the winning team. Gary, who has just married Samantha, the woman of his dreams, discovers that her six-year-old son may be the Antichrist. Back in the 1980s, when cocaine was pure and men were judged by the size of their hair, The Hit Squad ruled the pop music charts. Comprising of womanizer Roddy Stones, confused manchild Charles Whitecastle and walking 'roid rage Frankie Miller, The Hit Squad broke musical boundaries and left an indelible mark on the hearts of their fans.  They lived a life of excess, riding the wave of superstardom until a freak accident derailed their blossoming careers.  Now in the present day, the band are left wallowing in their own self pity, working for someone else, wondering where it all went wrong.  Join Roddy Stones and his band of miscreants as they gear up to the biggest gig of their life, while putting their friendships to the test. A comedy that follows a group of friends as they navigate their way through the freedoms and responsibilities of unsupervised adulthood.  After inheriting a fortune Tereza Cristina, Crodoalvo Valerius, better known as "Cro", is tired of life millionaire. Determined to find a new muse who can devote his life, he begins a personal quest that makes interview several turkeys. Your goal is to find one that is best qualified to own that he can serve as a steward, as he did with his former employer. However, after much review, just realizing that his ideal muse is exactly the one I had ever imagined. On the death of his father, Tim Webber returns to his childhood village in Somerset to find something sinister is disturbing the idyllic peace of the villagers. Banished from her prep-school clique a teenager from Manhattan's Upper West Side decides to reinvent herself as a downtown riot girl. A group of wannabe teen filmmakers team up to shoot a gritty, London-set Romeo and Juliet-style movie about their lives, to win PS10,000 in a filmmaking challenge set by an award-winning director. The life story of New Zealander Burt Munro, who spent years building a 1920 Indian motorcycle -- a bike which helped him set the land-speed world record at Utah's Bonneville Salt Flats in 1967.  Kesse is a third generation fisherman, living in a small coastal town in Northern Jutland. Life trudges along without surprises, but all this is about to change. The fishing industry is hit by financial crisis and the small fishing boats are swiftly put out of competition by big corporations. In desperation, Kesse tries to find a way out of his hopeless plight and has to resort to dishonest means, on top of having to fire his best friend and lone employee. As if this wasn't enough, he gets an unwelcome guest on-board in the form of marine biologist Gerd from Copenhagen, sent to study the fishing. Soren Balle's debut feature is a funny and touching film about love, friendship and the difficult art of dealing with change. Comedy - A bald, out of work actor finds immediate and overwhelming success when he discovers the power of persona in the form of a cheap wig. -  Jesse C. Boyd, Najee De-Tiege, Hollie Shay Sunhi from the Department of Film stops by the school one day to get a letter of recommendation from Professor Choi to leave to the US. She expects him to write her a nice one since he took favor to her. She runs into two men from the past she's never met in a long time; Moon-soo, a recently turned movie director and senior director Jae-hak. A New Yorker working as a paralegal searches for a new lease on life before a childhood friend inspires her to take up comedy. I get up and have breakfast. Don't get old. I'm so Unhappy Happy. A humorous and heartwarming documentary feature, CYBER-SENIORS chronicles the extraordinary journey of a group of senior citizens as they discover the world of the Internet through the guidance of teenage mentors. Their exploration of cyberspace is catapulted to another level when 89 year-old Shura decides to create a YouTube cooking video. A spirited video competition for the most "views" evolves as the cyber-seniors' hidden talents and competitive spirits are revealed. CYBER-SENIORS provides insight into the wonderful things that can happen when generation gaps are bridged, proving you are never too old to get "connected."  Chart a course for nonstop fun with Handy Manny's first full-length adventure! Fell the wind in your hair, and join Manny as he packs up his Tools for an exciting road trip. They're heading out to a fiesta grande - Manny's family reunion! But when Pat veers off in search of his own family, Manny's plans take a detour. Can he race to the rescue in time to make it to the party? Filled with new songs, old friends, and an inspiring message, Motorcycle Adventure shows that when it comes to family, there's always something to celebrate! In the '90s, Tommy Lasurdo ruled the Jersey club scene. His style, moves, and sheer confidence were unprecedented. Nowadays, Tommy runs an Italian Deli to support his family. His hairline has receded and his fashion has faded. When Tommy discovers his fiancee, Stefi, had an affair, he is forced back into a world that has passed him by. His friends Stan and Nick reintroduce him to the NJ nightlife. He struggles to adapt to a younger world of $400 bottles of vodka, "iced out chains" and super-spiked hair. Tommy, sinking deeper into crisis, accepts the cautionary advice of a town degenerate and through newfound motivation meets an adorable Texan named Gina. The couple hits it off. Tommy lands his own reality-television show--"The Last American Guido"--and things are looking up. That is until Gina's overly protective ex, Johnny, conspires with Stefi in a plot to use Tommy's reality show against him and sabotage his relationship. A week before they move across the country together, Craig lies to his girlfriend in order to go on his first road trip - to the south. Alone. Matthew and Sharon are one day away from their highly anticipated wedding when her sister Candice comes home from New York. A group of old friends at a Hens Night discuss their issues, uncertainties, fears and fantasies. During a visit to his doctor, DK sings a new song he has written. He is overheard by a newborn (Rocky)in the next room - destined to live his life for Disco. Rambo and Rocky Singh, (crazy, spoiled brothers), wish to open their own disco and spend every night partying. They are excited to visit the new DK discotheque "Dard-E-Disco", and thrilled to meet the famous Disco King. Meanwhile, Powder Bhai wants to infiltrate the new club with his product - drugs - the one thing DK does not allow. He sees Rocky and Rambo's closeness to DK as a way in, which eventually splits the close brothers apart. A beautiful woman brings together a group of her friends in order to search for any treasures that may be hidden throughout a mansion given to her by her deceased father, and the girls find that they are more interested in exploring one another. A neurotic couple's obsession with a mysterious puzzle comically unravels their world, disconnecting them from reality and jeopardizing their fragile relationship. Pushed to the breaking-up point after their latest 'why can't you do this one little thing for me?' argument, Brooke calls it quits with her boyfriend Gary. What follows is a hilarious series of remedies, war tactics, overtures and undermining tricks - all encouraged by the former couple's friends and confidantes ...and the occasional total stranger! When neither ex is willing to move out of their shared apartment, the only solution is to continue living as hostile roommates until one of them reaches breaking point. Arnaud Mustier, lawyer and brilliant philosopher, arouses the annoyance of his younger brother Jules, age sixteen. One day, Arnaud is a victim of a late adolescent crisis. Helped by Jules, he is going to catch up this phase of the life which he did not live. Because of a bad marriage of their parents, two brothers Jules and Max made a pact never to get into a relationship with a woman. Therefore, they live a party-life in which they sleep with a different girl every day. However this changes when Jules starts to date Anna and Max falls in love with her. Can their bromance overcome this love triangle. Statistics show that during his professional career every railroad engineer working for railways, unintentionally kills 15 to 20 people. This is a story about the innocent mass murderers and their lives. Faced with the absurd competitiveness surrounding his son's youth league baseball team, Max Morris, a famous comedian, decides to get to know the colorful parents and coaches of the team better in an attempt to find the inspiration for his next movie. Determined to prove herself, Officer Judy Hopps, the first bunny on Zootopia's police force, jumps at the chance to crack her first case - even if it means partnering with scam-artist fox Nick Wilde to solve the mystery. Ivana Cornejo is just getting used to being single again after her divorce three years ago. After an exasperating call from her ex-husband, she throws her cell phone away. Fortunately, the man who finds it calls her to return it, and to her amusement they have an instant rapport. The man on the other end of the phone is Leon Godoy, a renowned architect with a charming voice and a charismatic personality. They schedule a date so that he can return the cell phone. When Leon arrives, Ivana is surprised: he is everything she had imagined, except for one unexpected and startling detail... he's only 4'5" tall. A tragic love story set in East Berlin with the backdrop of an undercover Stasi controlled culture. Stasi captain Wieler is ordered to follow author Dreyman and plunges deeper and deeper into his life until he reaches the threshold of doubting the system. Nicky, an accomplished con artist, gets romantically involved with his disciple Jess but later ends their relationship. Years later, she returns as a femme fatale to spoil his plans. A group of POWs in a German prison camp during World War II play the German National Soccer Team in this powerful film depicting the role of prisoners during wartime. Two free-spirited stoners find themselves catapulted into 2016 after smoking some top secret pot created by the CIA in 1986. With 30 years of their lives lost, these now balding and overweight friends use their uncomplicated enthusiasm to get their lives back on track and figure out the modern world. Tuscan Wedding, the new romantic comedy from the creators of Loving Ibiza. Together with her father Tom and stepmother Marla, Sanne runs Casa Matrimonio, a luxurious villa in sunkissed Italy.  The estate is located in Tuscany, a beautiful region where many couples go to have their perfect wedding. In Casa Matrimonio guests come together to celebrate love and life. A Tuscan Wedding is the apotheosis of everyone's visit to the country side. And for some the villa is all too familiar as they return again and again: because some people only marry twice. An affable underachiever finds out he's fathered 533 children through anonymous donations to a fertility clinic 20 years ago. Now he must decide whether or not to come forward when 142 of them file a lawsuit to reveal his identity. Story follows two best friend on private investigation. They are going to their hometown to prove that Michals mother was killed by his stepmother. When not serving regulars at a pub in the middle of a sleepy northern Moravian village, thirtysomething Maruna spends time with hesitant Jura and naive outsider Olin - or fighting with her imperious mother. Lightened with a touch of black humor, this laconic village drama is the directorial debut of the artistic director of Prague's Dejvice Theater who gave the members of his ensemble a one-of-a-kind acting opportunity in film. A young woman from a far off province is sent to study in a prestigious Manila university. But she gets caught up in the wrong crowd and ends up becoming a high class prostitute. Her surprising skill gives her access to the most powerful figures in the government, which exposes her to corruption at the highest levels.     The congenial Vojta is bashful and his family is batty. His short-tempered father, who once failed to swim the English Channel, wants him to be a competing swimmer and his loving mother, a former child ice revue star, sees a talented pianist in her son. But Vojta has completely different priorities - most of all his red-haired classmate Ela, an enchanting synchronized swimmer who is leaving for Paris in November. If Vojta doesn't do something radical, and fast, Ela will disappear behind the Iron Curtain forever. The year is 1989. This is the story of Amit and Samara - two souls in Mumbai, a city of millions and how the universe conspires to bring them together. This is a coming of age film about how two people are destined to meet but only when their individual lives are ready for each other. Through a chance encounter, a series of coincidences and fates helping hand, Amit and Samaras lives intersect and affect each other. Whether they can find their true paths or not, only time will tell. When a small British owned island in the Caribbean is invaded and the world's most dangerous terrorist kidnaps a member of the Royal family, the countdown to World War 3 begins. If anyone can prevent the oncoming apocalypse it's the American President, but her closest ally the British Prime Minister appears to have gone stark raving mad. Amber St Clair, orphaned during the English Civil War and raised by a family of farmers, aspires to be a lady of high society; when a group of cavaliers ride into town, she sneaks away with them to London to achieve her dreams. The story of two childhood friends who are forced to re-think their friendship as adults. When Jake is injured in a car accident, the only person willing to take care of him is his childhood friend Sam. With the aid of a tough-as-nails physical therapist, Sam helps Jake recuperate, but when Sam's high school crush enters the picture, old habits and bitter rivalries resurface, threatening to tear their friendship apart. A father, his son and some friends spend a weekend by the sea, but relationships worsen and tensions rise to the rhythm of the ever-changing tides. WAR OF WORDS is an energizing, controversial and inspiring feature documentary that lifts the lid on the fast growing UK Battle Rap scene. The documentary is an examination of an exciting subculture of youth in the UK today; their creativity and work ethic, their passion for language and ability to control their own destiny. It investigates freedom of expression and respect for other cultures and lifestyles. While the language is often harsh and unflinching, the 'anything goes' philosophy of the battle arena results in one of the most harmonious and creative scenes in youth culture. The film is a truly entertaining expose on how the UK has embraced this American art form, creating one of the most exciting youth subcultures happening right now. A young artist's bittersweet love affair with the city of LA. Two young boys must decide what is more important for them - duty or friendship. Last movie of Diego Fernandez After a breakup with her boyfriend, a young woman moves in with her older brother, his wife, and their 2-year-old son. While managing a run down abattoir, young Muslim Raghdan Aziz stumbles through cultural chaos and generational conflicts, dealing with enraged fathers, stoned buddies and an alleged ex-lover of his girlfriend. Merritt Blake, an American architect who is travelling in Spain, contracts the services of beautiful local interpreter Mari Zarubia. Sensing there may be something more going on, her jealous lover is not happy about the arrangement.  A once-rich family of women in Rio de Janeiro must sell their mansion in order to keep their high standard of living, but the proximity to the slums disrupts business. Nearly 10 years have passed since Sarah Connor was targeted for termination by a cyborg from the future. Now her son, John, the future leader of the resistance, is the target for a newer, more deadly terminator. Once again, the resistance has managed to send a protector back to attempt to save John and his mother Sarah. Elvi ja Rauha-aunt gets an brilliant idea: they need to find a Man, that is suitable father figure for Risto. Risto does not like this idea at all, neither does the neighbour Lennart who happens to have a thing for Rauha. In order help Risto to get off this ordeal Lennart tries to create a perfect Man that might fulfill Rauha's constantly changing ideas what a perfect Man is suppose to be. Ex-con Johnny is forced into pulling a heist he wants nothing to do with. Mob boss 'Shrewd' Eddie has one million is dirty cash stashed at his home, just waiting to be stolen. But what Johnny doesn't know is that seven other very dangerous criminals also have plans to steal the money... Yukio is a typical high school student in every way except that he's an only child in a family of five. This is because he has four fathers, each with their own unique personalities and interests. The only thing they share in common is their love of their son. When Yukio witnesses a robbery, he becomes involved in a bizarre string of incidents involving his fathers. Villainous Gru lives up to his reputation as a despicable, deplorable and downright unlikable guy when he hatches a plan to steal the moon from the sky. But he has a tough time staying on task after three orphans land in his care. Young Viyan, is forcibly given to wealthy elder businessman, Haji Hemmo. When she runs out of the bedroom and climbs a tree, refusing to sleep with him, the respected elder looses face and becomes the laughing-stock of the town. In return, he punishes her by beating her and locking her up in the bedroom. The more the townsfolk mock him the harder he beats her. Meanwhile, a traveling young artist, Botan tries to reach out to her. This leads to Haji Hemmo's resolve to set her on fire. After his best friend loses his virginity, socially inept and high strung Allan finds himself alone in high school and with no shot of getting laid anywhere in sight. But when hyper-extroverted Zack moves in across the street, he won't take no for an answer and drags Allan along for the ride of his life. After their wives are killed in an accident, Jake drags Jonathan to a grief counseling retreat for young widowers. While there, they meet several odd people, endure bizarre therapy sessions, and face a dark secret that could destroy their friendship. A young man finds a lemon on the sidewalk, takes it home, and becomes inordinately fond of it. Complications ensue. Three guys decide to rob a bank but everything goes terribly wrong. One of them owns a time machine and they try robbing the bank again but fail to do so. With the time machine they start traveling to the past trying to do it right. In the journey they encounter the butterfly effect and need to get everything back to how it was. A luxury hotel. Steaks frizzle, muffintops getting massaged. Clemens (rare) joins the wellness area as a rookie.  Lara (well-done) needs to assert herself in the kitchen pack.  The elevator brings the two of them together.  They encounter each other, until they clash. A fantastical tale based on true events, about five women of Signe Baumane's family, including herself, and their battles with depression and madness. Revolving around a middle-class family, Kaagaz Ke Fools touches upon the issue of lack of good novel writers. Kaagaz Ke Fools is a 2015 Indian comedy film directed by Anil Kumar Chaudhary and produced by Faisal Kapadia and Arun Bhairav under the Globe Filmy Entertainment banner. The film was released on 24 April 2015 A young man with Tourette's Syndrome embarks on a road trip with his recently-deceased mother's ashes. In a city where greeting card writers are celebrated like movie stars, Romance writer Ray used to be the king. In trying to recapture the feelings that once made him the greatest, he gets entangled in a web of murder and deceit as writers vie to create the perfect card for a new holiday: Girlfriend's Day. Jass (Yuvraj Hans) and Velly (Harish Verma) are both college-going boys, who fall in love with Avantika Hundal and Rose (Parul Gulati) respectively. Their odysseys of love make them do many crazy things and finally are compelled to get into the college Bhangra Team. Though they are reluctant to join it in the starting, but eventually become passionate about it. Dutta (B.N. Sharma) does not want them to perform. Their college is sailing in uncertainties of being shut down; a flop show by the Bhangra Team will result in college being locked down. In his attempts to flop the show, he how so ever manages to convince parents of Velly, Jass and his friend, who make sure that their sons do not perform that day by engaging them into some important works. - See more at: http://punjabimania.com/movie-review-burrraahh-punjabi-movie/#sthash.kDUOegab.dpuf A romantic comedy film, a series of interesting stories, to a point of almost exaggeration, told via blind dates involving various modern urban men and women. A motley crew of university students set out on a journey in pursuit of a mythical form of hash, confronting a series of encounters that begin to unravel the myriad realities of rebellion. A young caterer's life suddenly changes course when she inherits a country home and learns she must share it with a career obsessed Wall Street trader. At first, these opposites do not attract, but feelings begin to change when they find themselves having to work side-by-side to restore their newly acquired home. A bittersweet coming-of-age film based on a novel dealing with forestry. Yuki Hirano wants to live an easy life, like working a part-time job after his high school graduation. But, after his high school graduation, Yuki hears from his homeroom teacher that he has been hired for a job. When Yuki gets home, his mother is packing his stuff. Yuki's mother and his homeroom teacher decided that Yuki will work as a forestry trainee after his graduation. Yuki will have to go Kamusari Village. Since then, Yuki begins to work as a forestry trainee and becomes assimilated with the beauty of nature and the warm-hearted people in the village. When a chance encounter brings together the cynical Dell and the quick-witted Kimberly, the stage is set for a tempestuous love affair that unfolds like a puzzle. As the film zigzags back and forth in time-from a meteor shower in LA, to an encounter in a Paris hotel room, to a fateful phone call-an unforgettable portrait of a relationship emerges. A down-on-his-luck man must prove he's not as hapless as he seems when the woman he's on a date with is suddenly kidnapped. Mikko Virtanen feels like a Swedish soul trapped in a Finnish body. Full of disgust for everything Finnish, he sees Sweden as heaven. Upon meeting a suicidal Swedish psychologist Mikael Anderson, he seizes an opportunity for an identity switch. Raspberry Boat Refugee is a comedy about cultural differences in the Nordic countries, their nationalism and, not least, prejudices about our neighbours. It also proves how futile it is to try to escape oneself. A young teacher from Oudtshoorn, Cybil Ferreira, will do anything in her power to ensure the success of her project at the small farm school, Kalfieskraal. Cybil dreams about establishing a centre at the school that will provide a safe haven for the local children.  The problem is, Cybil's dream is in danger of collapsing before it even gets off the ground. The land Kalfieskraal is situated on is for sale, and none of the possible buyers are interested in her project. Not even her wealthy fiancee, ostrich farmer Meyer Labuschagne, could be bothered about her project or the fate of the children.  Then Frans Coetzee comes into the story. A filmmaker with a broken heart, he is in the Klein Karoo with his team to make a documentary about social upliftment work in the area - and in the process hopefully forget about women, love, and all the baggage that comes with it. The love story of a young man and the singing, suicidal femme fatale who leads him on a topsy-turvy search for his long lost-evil brother. As he gets closer to finding the truth he must decide who to trust and what to believe.  Two men help a desperate and stranded traveler rescue his wife and daughter from the evil that resides in 'Salem's Lot.  Based on the short story by Stephen King. A quirky comedy about a Japanese guy who wants to become the next big Indian Film Superstar, just like his idol Rajinikanth. Unlocking the Mystery of Life represents a unique programming opportunity for local stations. Its broadcast release coincides with the 50th anniversary of one of the greatest scientific breakthroughs in history-James Watson and Francis Crick's discovery that the DNA molecule carries hereditary information in the form of a code that many scientists have likened to computer software or a written language. This discovery (announced on April 25,1953) sparked a scientific revolution. But it also left a fundamental question unanswered. Where did the information in DNA come from? How did the software in the cell arise? Unlocking the Mystery of Life explores these questions through the stories of a growing number of scientists who no longer believe that natural selection or chemistry, alone, can explain life's origin. Instead, they think that the microscopic world of the cell provides evidence of purpose and design in nature. Years after their successful restaurant review tour of Northern Britain, Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon are commissioned for a new tour in Italy. An uptight by-the-book cop must protect the widow of a drug boss from crooked cops and gunmen. A man in a high stakes celebrity death pool quickly loses everything - his business, his bank account, his home, his fiance. He snaps, then realizes the only way to get his life back on track. He'll have to murder his own celebrity. He'll have to kill Hasselhoff. Adalbert, a paranoid, overprotective single dad imposes a set of 20 rules on his daughter Sylvie before she leaves the small town of Ormont-Dessus for university. Making sure that she obeys them perfectly, he secretly follows her to Basel, but ends up falling in with a party crowd and breaking all the rules himself. As a North Korean sleeper cell agent, Ryu-han infiltrates the South and assumes the role of a village idiot in a rural town. He observes the townsfolk and waits patiently for his mission. One day, after 2 years of playing the role of the village idiot, fellow elite spies Hae-rang, posed as a rock star and Hae-jin, posed as an ordinary student, are dispatched to the same town as Ryu-han. He helps the other two spies settle in and teach them how to adjust in the South. There is a sudden drastic political power shift in the North and all three spies receive an urgent and ultimate mission.  A former race car driver is abducted by a mysterious thief and forced to be the wheel-man for a crime that puts them both in the sights of the cops and the mob. Franz, the local police officer in a tiny bavarian village has to investigate in a case involving a disliked school principal who commited suicide? Or was it murder after all? An American draft dodger and aspiring writer named Nero Finnigan (Jeff Bridges) becomes involved with the notorious Mr. Go (James Mason), an oriental organized crime mastermind. They conspire to blackmail an American weapons scientist into providing secrets to Mr. Go's organization for resale to the highest bidder. "The Dolphin" then arrives, who is an American CIA agent and James Joyce scholar, and is charged with recovering the scientist and his work by whatever means necessary.[1] The South Island Bound is a 2005 documentary by Alex Gilbert. It was filmed at the end of 2005. The movie follows Alex's family driving all around the South Island and visiting each city one by one. The Film was hosted by Andrei Gilbert. The movie cover design is a photo of the Pier at Christchurch which is shown on the movie. Fledgling entertainers put on a show for Uncle Sam. Based on an original written by Cheon Myeong-gwan, a 48 year-old movie director moves into the house where his mother and 50 year-old brother lives until his sister moves in with her niece. Mi-na takes over a small stationery store from her father when he suddenly falls down. She wants to sell the store because it seems only troublesome to her. But it is not as easy as she thought. The store's regular costomers force her not to sell it. The objections of the little children is hard to resist. Leslie Konda young talented French footballer spotted in his teens by Didier , a small-scale agent who was able to take under his wing , has signed its first contract striker in a large Spanish club . At the same time, his growing reputation and its origins Botswanga , small, poor state of Central Africa, earned him an invitation by the President of the Republic in person Babimbi Bobo , a football enthusiast, freshly installed in power after a coup military state. Leslie therefore went for the first time in the country of his ancestors accompanied by Didier to be decorated by the President Bobo which quickly turns out, despite his great humanist discourse be a megalomaniac and paranoid dictator under the bad influence of his wife .dropoff window Hardly have they landed Bobo enters into a sordid deal with Didier put pressure on his player so that it plays for the national team : Crocodiles of Botswanga ... A young boy plays with his trampoline that just might give him a greater power Two lesbian hookers wind their way through a world of bargain-hunting housewives and double-dealing conservative women in this buddy comedy, an homage to and riff on iconic male hustler films. Margaret is a down-on-her-luck hooker in training, who meets up with Jo, a beautiful and self-assured grifter from a wealthy family and an expert on servicing women, even as she considers herself proudly heterosexual. The film follows their adventures together on the street, through encounters with husky-voiced seductresses, mumbling erotic accessory salesmen and shopaholic swingers. Navigating the bizarre fetishes and sexual needs of their 'dates' brings into focus the hilarious and pathetic disparity between the two hookers, fellow travelers who will share the road together but only for a while.  Alex despises Modern Art but when he falls in love with an adorable French artist, he understands that the only way to conquer her heart is to pretend he is an artist. He now must win a Modern Art contest in order to win her heart.  A down-on-his-luck ethics professor ends up on a completely unhinged run across the Mexican border with his teenage daughter in tow - and four undocumented immigrants in the trunk. A man (Colin Clive) with a broken back dies after his wife (Josephine Hutchinson) has an affair with his brother (George Brent). A young boy from the trailer park can't take another moment of ridicule from his family and peers. With support from his beloved dollies, he sets out for blood. Young wannabe musicians from the province decide to write hit song and gain the top of the charts in order to become legends of disco polo In a small Caribbean town called Dangriga two up and coming musician, an overly jealous drum teacher, James and a gas station attendant Eddie, devise a plan to impress a major TV show host who is stranded in Dangriga. The plot proves to be too much for James to handle when the producer lusts after his beautiful wife, and things spiral out of control. An enigmatic inventor attempts to build his namesake: a childhood machine. He offers counsel to a trio of characters who have similarly bizarre pursuits. Cool Cat is the coolest cat in town. All the kids love him. Except for the bully Butch, who hates Cool Cat for his coolness. He terrorizes Cool Cat, his friends and family with threats, taunting, and the internet. Can Cool Cat face his fears and defeat the bully Derrick? An old, abandoned bicycle learns to love again. A ne er-do-well thirty-something attempts to appease her family by kidnapping herself an attractive boyfriend for the family Christmas. Despite unlikely odds and dysfunctional family moments, the two fall in love and share a magical Christmas. Through a series of misunderstandings, Alvin, Simon and Theodore come to believe that Dave is going to propose to his new girlfriend in New York City - and dump them. They have three days to get to him and stop the proposal. Two codependent roommates, on the verge of eviction, flee New York for the promise of sunshine in Los Angeles where their friendship is tested by a chance at fame, a fortune teller and an amorous wealthy aunt. If Sergio Colombo, a middle age man, doesn't want to lose his job, has to attend a full immersion English course in UK. So Sergio leave his wife and son and reaches a school full of terrible kids. Obviously he is the only adult and the worse student. Learning English hasn't been never so hard. The story of Alex, a 16 year old teenager living with his grandma.He has various plans for the summer: writing a new song with his rock band, finding a job and having his first sexual experience. He also becomes aware that his grandma is increasingly dependent on him. As summer draws on, Alex realizes that things are going to change forever and that he will have to grow up and learn to say goodbye. A black comedy/drama about a lonely ice-cream van driver, Warren Thompson, and his unhealthy obsession with television soap starlet, Katey George. In 1905, after 10 years of missionary work in Africa, the Rev. Charles Fortesque is recalled to England, where his bishop gives him his new assignment - to minister to London's prostitutes An assassin is shot by her ruthless employer, Bill, and other members of their assassination circle - but she lives to plot her vengeance. "IT'S ENTERTAINMENT"-DVD TRACK LIST 1. Take Me Home 2. Every Breath You Take 3. Just Like Jesse James 4. Hard to Say I'm Sorry 5. Home 6. Life Without You 7. You Raise Me Up 8. Hallelujah 9. Standing on the Corner 10. Bad Bad Leroy Brown 11. Surf Medley - Surf City/Fun, Fun, Fun/Surfin' USA Doo Wacka Doo(I'm gonna be) 500 Miles 12. Still Haven't Found (What I'm Looking For) 13. Lough Swilly Railway 14. Ireland's Cal Chul-soo is a man with an intellectual disability.  One day, Chul-soo finds out that a young girl, Saet-byul, who is in hospital is his daughter.  And soon, Saet-byul sneaks out of the hospital and travels by herself to a faraway city for her friend's birthday.  As Chul-soo accompanies Saet-byul's journey, friendship develops between the two. A sperm donor becomes impotent - and so he searches for the woman, who got his sperm, to become a father after all... Charles and Pierrot are inseparable. When Charles takes early retirement, it seems the world is their oyster. They can spend even more time together. Their motto is simple: "Make the most of life and have fun!>>. They fill their days with abundant imagination, under the tender and sometimes worried gaze of the women in their lives... Vamsi, a thief adept at scaling high-rises, is hired by Maya along with two others to carry out a huge burglary. The events unfold to reveal Maya's true motives as well as Vamsi's painful past. Alan Clay, a struggling American businessman, travels to Saudi Arabia to sell a new technology to the King, only to be challenged by endless Middle Eastern bureaucracy, a perpetually absent monarch, and a suspicious growth on his back. Ted Morgan has been treading water for most of his life. After his wife leaves him, Ted realizes he has nothing left to live for.  Summoning the courage for one last act, Ted decides to go home and face the people he feels are responsible for creating the shell of a person he has become.  But life is tricky.  The more determined Ted is to confront his demons, to get closure, and to withdraw from his family, the more Ted is yanked into the chaos of their lives. So, when Ted Morgan decides to kill himself, he finds a reason to live. A romantic comedy built around the characters of "20 something" friends in a small town. They all stumble into a situation that no one in the town has ever encountered, thus bringing about unfamiliar situations with each other. A soldier introduces himself to the Peterson family, claiming to be a friend of their son who died in action. After the young man is welcomed into their home, a series of accidental deaths seem to be connected to his presence. A story centered around an Indian family who moves to France and opens a restaurant across the street from a Michelin-starred French restaurant. When world-famous air racer Dusty learns that his engine is damaged and he may never race again, he must shift gears and is launched into the world of aerial firefighting. Dusty joins forces with veteran fire and rescue helicopter Blade Ranger and his team, a bunch of all-terrain vehicles known as The Smokejumpers. Together, the fearless team battles a massive wildfire, and Dusty learns what it takes to become a true hero. Everyone hates Ward's wife and wants her dead, Ward (Donald Faison) most of all. But when his friends' murderous fantasies turn into an (accidental) reality, they have to deal with a whole new set of problems -- like how to dispose of the body and still make their 3 p.m. tee time. Scott Foley's directorial debut, also starring Foley, Patrick Wilson, Amy Acker, and Nicolette Sheridan, is a blackly comic caper about helping a friend out of a bad relationship by any means necessary. Bobby and Wawa's love conflict in "Adnan Sempit" has not yet seen its end. Their story continues in this comedy-action film that has Bobby and Wawa facing the biggest challenge in the relationship when Bobby accuses Wawa of being unfaithful to him with Ismat. Wawa, who is also fed up with Bobby's hooligan act, decides to break up with him and return to her hometown. Even when Bobby comes to his senses and begs her to come back, Wawa is firmed with her decision, and allows Ismat to whisk her back. Bobby, not to be outdone, also travels to her village, which results in various competitions of sorts between the two in order to win Wawa's heart. Meanwhile, the love triangle faces its share of obstacles in the form of Pak Kudin, Wawa's father and Ayuni, Wawa's best friend who falls for Ismat. What will happen to this tangled mess of a relationship? After the events of "Hantu Kak Limah Balik Rumah", Husin returns to his village in order to deal with his money problems - which he has none of! In the village, Husin reunites with the usual patrons of Pak Jabit's stall and everything seems to be as normal as it could be. However, what Husin doesn't realise is that there is a new breed of evil returning after more than a century of slumber to claim the village's long standing debt and Husin too of course! The Wedding Diary 2 picks up two years after the marriage of Wei Jie (Aniu) and Zhixin (Elanne), when they welcome a new and unexpected addition to their family. However, all is not well for Wei Jie's in-laws when Zhixin's father, Colin (Jack Choo) suffers a stroke, which puts a strain on the couple's relationship as Zhixin has to step up to handle her father's business and at the same time, ensure that her mother (Kara Hui) does not fall into depression and anxiety due to her husband's condition. Ex-gangsters Aman and Adam are both determined to change their ways after being released from five years in prison. Their first task is to take care of Suzana, the daughter of Mat Jambu, a gang leader who had once offered them protection. Zainal, a man feeling pressured and dissatisfied with his current marital life, thinks back to his past when he was a mischievous student who fell in love with Azura, a girl like him whom he betrayed. The popular reception of fans towards the comedy play "Lawak Ke Der" that was introduced in February last year, followed by the equally unexpectedly successful "Lawak Ke Der 2", led Tall Order Productions to come up with the idea to adapt the stage play to the silver screen.  The appearance of all the best comedians in Malaysia like Nabil Ahmad, Afdlin Shauki, Harun Salim Bachik ("BOBOI"), Harith Iskandar and others like Johan and Zizan Raja Lawak, have successfully managed to make the audience laugh as long as its running time.  Indeed, the idea that Hans Isaac came up with seems very plausible as it gives a chance to the audience outside of Klang Valley who did not get to watch their stage play at Istana Budaya a chance to watch it in theatres in Malaysia. The search for the national best cabin crew is on again. Every steward and stewardess is anxious and looking forward to the competition. The top 12 finalists are finally selected, including Dania and Tania. Bella is the winner of the previous year's competition from a competitor's airline who is beautiful, graceful, super-efficient, young, and an overall favourite as the winner. Curious to find out what is so special about Tania, Dania sneaks on board one of Tania's flights without thinking in order to check out how Tania treats the passengers and how she performs her on-board tasks. But Dania is unlucky, just minutes after sneaking in, a load of passengers come in, and Dania is unable to get out. Then the plane takes off. What will happen to Dania now? After total humiliation at her thirteenth birthday party, Jenna Rink wants to just hide until she's thirty. With a little magic, her wish is granted, but it turns out that being thirty isn't as always as awesome as she thought it would be! France, WWI. Landru, the father of four Children, contacts Parisian women through newspapers, seduces and eventually kills them in order to feed his little family. When a young Asian woman comes to America searching for herself and love, she meets a young man and they begin a life's changing journey in his small town. Slowly their cultural differences and life's goals start to conflict and cause a roller-coaster of comedic events and heartache. When Joey Thurmond, a former professional wrestler and rodeo cowboy, quits the police force to realize his dream of performing as a clown full time, he recruits his family and puts his life's savings into the show. However, pressures mount while on the road when his acrobat is threatened with deportation and the 24/7 schedule puts a strain on his relationship with his co-star and son. Can Joey keep NoJoe's Clown Circus going until the end of the season? Three rural men chase the same girl. Told through recollections of youth, learning, lore, and departure, this is an imagined myth for the Xawiska, or the Indian Pipe Plant - used by the Ho-Chunk to revive those who have fainted. In the year 2121, a transport ship mysteriously explodes in a remote region of space. The crew of the Redemption go to investigate and find an alluring female cyborg. Before long an alien contagion starts to take over the minds of the crew and the race is on to find a cure and stop their ship from being destroyed as well. After being expelled for a flagrant foul during a match in Primera C (the fourth division in Argentinian football), Paton Bonasiolle, the captain and midfielder from Talleres de Escalada, realizes his career as a footballer has come to an end. At the age of 35, this means the end of a world he has known since he was a child. Together with Ale - his wife - he looks for a fresh new start. A comedy that follows an ex-con who lands a position at a school that sits over the spot where money from one of his earlier robberies was stashed. Shankar is an orphan raised by a sincere police officer Raja Rao. In an unexpected situation, Raja Rao's son Bharath kills a kid and Shankar takes the blame, and is imprisoned while Raja Rao warns him not to meet him again. A situational comedy with some sparkling lines, the film is about Pasupathy who is in dire need of a job, and of the lie he tells to land one. The lie helps him gain the confidence of his eccentric employer, and endear Pasupathy to him. To cover up the lie, Pasupathy has to spin many more yarns with his family and friends supporting his stories. At one point, he conjures up a twin, Kandhan, a karate master, and even a fake mother. But when Kandhan falls in love with the boss's daughter Janani, matters spiral out of his control. A comedy about a crazy summer of young provincial guy in Berlin. Awkward, isolated and disapproving of most of the people around her, a precocious 19-year-old genius is challenged to put her convictions to the test by venturing out on to the NYC dating scene, in this adaptation of Caren Lissner's best-selling 2003 novel. Danny, a commercial editor and documentary filmmaker attempts to finish his film, a study on relationship while navigating the relationships in his own life. Will he continue to chase the unattainable Theresa a hippy new age dancer(Caitlin Fitzgerald) or will he finally admit he's in love with his best friend Carla (Katherine Waterston) who is in an unfulfilling relationship with a political strategist(Gaby Hoffman). Manhattan Romance is a funny insightful look at contemporary life in Manhattan. It explores new age ideas and open relationship as well as true friendship and connection. Simba idolises his father, King Mufasa, and takes to heart his own royal destiny. But not everyone in the kingdom celebrates the new cub's arrival. Scar, Mufasa's brother--and former heir to the throne--has plans of his own. The battle for Pride Rock is ravaged with betrayal, tragedy and drama, ultimately resulting in Simba's exile. With help from a curious pair of newfound friends, Simba will have to figure out how to grow up and take back what is rightfully his. Siblings Kate and Teddy try to prove Santa Claus is real, but when they accidentally cause his sleigh to crash, they have to save Christmas. "Kidon" begins in the morning of the 18th of February 2010 in Tel-Aviv when the whole world wakes up discovering, on the front page of all the newspapers, pictures of the Mossad agents caught while killing Mahmoud al Mabhouh in Dubai a month earlier. It was the first time that simple security cameras of a hotel caught secret agents red-handed, what's more Israeli agents. But without doubt, the most surprised of all were the Mossad leaders who were the only ones to know for sure that the 3 men and the woman, whose faces were in all the newsrooms of the world, had nothing to do with them. From then on, a race against time is undertaken hoping to understand why everything is aiming at them. Nowadays, four Italian young adults longing to change their lives, yet stuck upon the shelf: Valerio and Kookie, dreaming of their big break, yet still not being independent; Giovanna and Serena, pretending to be adult, yet never having dared to live. Then, the encounter with Mei Mei, a young Chinese prostitute, shines a light on the truth: the gain of one's freedom is, above all, an inside job. From the director of Back to 1942, Feng Xiaogang, comes PERSONAL TAILOR, one of the most unique films you'll see in this upcoming holiday season. Imagine a team that will sacrifice themselves for your dream at any cost -- but only if that dream makes you a better person. And only if that dream lasts a single day... What would your dream be? Where would you go? What would you do? And after that single day, what would happen to you? A recently released convict finds himself trapped between his urban criminal past and his new life on probation as the only black man in a conservative white Wisconsin farming town. Old friends Masa and Tapsa have very different life situations: Masa is happily married but Tapsa has recently lost his wife and is a single-parent. Masa tries to help Tapsa inviting him to a pottery class. However the whole pottery class begins to help Masa and soon all the lonely ones in the class open up to each other. A film about the singer Tina Turner and how she rose to stardom with her abusive husband Ike Turner and how she gained the courage to break free. The imperial guard and his three traitorous childhood friends ordered to hunt him down get accidentally buried and kept frozen in time. 400 years later pass and they are defrosted continuing the battle they left behind. A Sicilian member of the international Brigades during the Spanish civil war on his way to the front in Guadalajara falls trough a hole in time onto present day Spain in a small village in the Province of Salamanca, where he befriends the village teacher, has to deal with being confused with an angel, an over enthusiastic priest and the choice of staying in a time where he does not belong or going back to the horrors of war and the woman he loves. Romana and her friends plan a camp for kids deep in the woods. But something awakens and none shall leave the forest again ... Jenni, an orphaned semi-savant, and a street hustler named Sam, steal a car and head to Los Angeles to find Jenni's father whom she hasn't seen or heard from since she was six years old. Two couples, Chris Bailey and Judith Lazard, along with Paul Adler and Albertine Langlois, meet for dinner on the 9th of July 2006, the night of the Football World Cup Final between France and Italy. Their conversations wander from intimate subjects to substantial political comments in such an intricate manner that their personal lives and their perception of the ideological struggle, the battle for the leadership of the french left, are more and more difficult to differenciate. For six years, their political attitudes evolve with the changing image of themselves and each other. Robert picked the wrong time to meet his soul mate! After being fired from his own father's company, he feels like his luck has run out - until Morgan enters into his life. Nursing home Zonnedael has been shut down by director Bomhoff: the psychiatric in-patients Bep Brul, the Major, Fats, Ms. De Haas and Dr. Doolittle  are reintroduced into society against their wishes. Nurse Ten Hoeven, who always cared for her patients with love and care, is grieving: her main purpose in life has gone. To make matters worse, she is kidnapped. Of course the patients take action immediately. Under the Major's guidance they embark on a risky and lunatic venture, to finally discover the incredible truth behind the kidnapping. A stranger stumbles into the desert town of Absolution with no memory of his past and a futuristic shackle around his wrist. With the help of mysterious beauty Ella and the iron-fisted Colonel Dolarhyde, he finds himself leading an unlikely posse of cowboys, outlaws, and Apache warriors against a common enemy from beyond this world in an epic showdown for survival. Jukka, 13, is coached in photography by his openly gay art teacher. With his dead father's old camera, Jukka sees Johanna, a beautiful girl in her early twenties being physically abused by her stepfather. With the help of the local fire department, Jukka comes to her rescue. He quickly befriends the girl who works in a nearby supermarket, claims to become her manager and enters her in a beauty contest. A documentary immersion into South Africa's diverse styles of street dance, self-expression, and masculinity. Shruthi, an enterprising 20-year-old girl, partners with Sakthi, a happy-go-lucky youngster to set up her dream business -- wedding planning. They decide to not mix finance and romance but a night's revelry changes their equation and they part ways. Will they be able to admit their actual feelings? A playboy learns to love, while a virgin learns to live -- a queer romantic comedy set inside the restaurant industry... 'John Apple Jack' brings East and West together to create one sumptuously heart-warming dish. When John discovers his sister's fiance is Jack, his childhood crush, passions ignite and his life spirals out of control... losing his job, his playboy reputation and his underwear, all while rushing to the altar to finally confess his love! Annabelle, lead singer for the band Talegunner (Clear For Takeoff), is trying to be a success in show business. Annabelle meets a sleazy producer, Antonio, who promises an appearance on Fred Mulligan's TV show if she will go solo. Annabelle becomes infatuated with Antonio. He decides to take advantage of her. Jealous boyfriend, Nick, hires detective Candy West to find out if Antonio is on the level. Meanwhile, a visitor from another planet is captivated by the rock & roll. The Highs and Lows of Entertainment are explored in this fast-paced comedy. The film is set before the events of Kimmy Dora: Kambal sa Kiyeme wherein the twins are seen disputing the ownership of the family corporation.  The film was inspired by the James Bond film series in terms of musical score and visual effects.  source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kimmy_Dora:_Ang_Kiyemeng_Prequel Four old friends decide to have a meeting in order to discover a hidden truth about themselves. Based on Filipp Lelush play. Torky is a bookkeeper working for Baba a millionaire cash management specialist. Because of some conflict in her business that puts her life in danger, Baba entrusts the safety of her son Justin to Torky who takes him home to meet his daughter Ice and Ching the street urchin that the latter took under her wing. Given that Justin is not particularly fond of Torky, how all four of them would get along under one roof becomes the focus of the story. A romantic comedy about food, love, and lies under an NYC Skyline. SOS: Save Our Skins is the tale of two hapless British geeks who wake up in New York City only to find that the entire human race has vanished. A pathologically enthusiastic couple, with a weak spot for wine, decides to fly to Seattle to realize their dreams: she dreams of strengthening her leadership abilities in an exclusive corporate coaching seminar, Body Language Empowerment in One Week, while he dreams of getting as close as humanly possible to the tomb of the greatest fighter of all times. Upon arrival in Seattle, a sagacious mobster teaches them that it takes more than just a map to find Bruce's tomb, and something more than just a body to master the art of interpersonal communication. Will their relationship survive the mobster's grueling training? Will they be able to channel their enthusiasm towards a common dream? Seattle is a puzzle: will they find a frame pretty enough to hang it on the wall when it's all over? Kuku Mathur Ki Jhand Ho Gayi[1] is a 2014 Hindi comedy, romance, drama film directed by Aman Sachdeva and produced by Ekta Kapoor &amp; Bejoy Nambiar.Siddharth Gupta is playing the title role in the film. New Jorge Monte Real movie What is stranger than the big hole that opens up in Lucy Sherrington's living room floor? As it turns out, love.  Dumped over a video he made to amuse his ailing dad, a heartsick Jeremy hatches an elaborate scheme to win back his superhero-loving girlfriend, Lola. An independent romantic comedy about video gamers. Mike, one of the best competitive gamers in the country, quit after his addiction to video games ruined his life. But now Liz, a pretty pro gaming promoter, is pulling him back in. Sebastian and Angela are all set to get married until their difference of opinions and cultural conflicts between the families threaten their union. Greed, corruption, ignorance, and disease. Midsummer, 1349: the Black Death reaches northern Germany. Minstrels go to Hamelin for the Mayor's daughter's wedding to the Baron's son. He wants her dowry to pay his army while his father taxes the people to build a cathedral he thinks will save his soul. A local apothecary who's a Jew seeks a treatment for the plague; the priests charge him with witchcraft. One of the minstrels, who has soothed the Mayor's daughter with his music, promises to rid the town of rats for the fee. The Mayor agrees, then renigs. In the morning, the plague, the Jew's trial, and the Piper's revenge come at once. Sisters begin to fight when they move back home with their parents.  The Hora 79 dance troupe was the face of Israeli folk dancing. Following a traumatic event. An accident? A murder? A suicide? The group ceased its activity and the members went their own ways. Now, 33 years later, the Karmiel Dance Festival initiates a reunion for a tribute to Hebrew dance. The encounter brims with nostalgia, tension, and guilt. Will they be able to overcome the dark ghosts of the past, the old conflicts, the betrayal of the body and of the memory? Rachel is an intelligent, modern-day woman constantly on the move. Primarily focused on her career as a diplomatic consul for the U.S. embassy, she's literally lived her life on the move, globe-trotting from city to city. Currently working in Mexico City and set to leave for London, Rachel's world turns upside down on the eve of her own goodbye party when she gets drunk and passes out on the street. Saved by Alejandro, a handsome Mariachi singer and single father, Rachel wakes up in his apartment with no recollection of how she got there. Nor does she remember that she rejected his visa the day before, which he desperately needs for his daughter. Romance unexpectedly blossoms between the two, but either sparks or fists will fly after she finds out his secret. Centuries ago, many cultures believed the Earth was a flat disc. As scientific thought and technology evolved, the Earth was revealed to be a globe, a view that's widely accepted today--but not by everyone. The flat Earth movement has seen a recent resurgence. These conspiracy theorists deny the scientific model of the globe and join together through conventions, forums and online platforms to discuss their belief system. On the other end of the spectrum, the scientific community aims to counter this resurrected myth, resulting in an ever-growing public battle of conspiracies and anti-intellectualism. Giving a well-rounded look at all sides of the debate, Behind the Curve shows that no matter where you stand on this issue, the conversations and people around it are anything but flat. A "romantic comedy" based loosely on the suicide of the poet Henrich von Kleist in 1811. Arnaldo, Anita and the twins, Martina and Federica, here is the Nardi family. A quiet, normal middle class family. The man is at that stage of his life where nostalgia for the period as a student becomes stronger. It would be nice to be able to go back. It would be nice to savor those moments. It would be also nice to tell someone who has little more than twenty years in life you have to believe in their dreams and not be afraid... The probability of a couple that had broken up getting back together and having a successful relationship is just 3%. Dong-hee and Young, who had broken up over a minor tiff, later realize their love for each other and end up getting back together. But will they be able to fit into the 3% bracket? Mike Todd is a Broadway producer struggling to produce the film. Around the World in 80 Days. In Mexico, Mario Moreno, a young entertainer is struggling to get some respect, and he manages to become a star. A twist of faith makes them partners. Together they won the Oscar for Best Picture. A city guy goes to rural Rajasthan to look for his uncle. Troubled celebrity Choong-Ui (Lee Hong-Ki) gets into trouble with the law. Choong-Ui is then forced to do volunteer work at a health-care facility for the terminally ill that is about to be closed down. While working at the hospice, Choong-Ui is able to come to terms with his own psychological wounds and, at the same time, help the patients to continue with their dreams. The film is a collage, an essay and a documentary in tribute to an avant-garde artist and writer Vagrich Bakhchanyan. Viewers are immersed in the absurd and bitterly funny universe of the artist, as scholars and friends reflect on his life, enigma and the mystique of his connection with Kazimir Malevich's famous "Black Square" - an inception point of Russian avant-garde. Kushal (Rakshit Shetty) is sent by his radio jockey sister Rachana to Kodagu to meet her boyfriend's sister in the hope that the two will take a liking to each other, leading to marriage, and thus paving the way for her own marriage. Kushal meets a bubbly girl Kushi (Shwetha Srivatsav) in the house he is sent to, but the rest of the family is out of town. The two share their past romantic liaisons before falling in love with each other. It turns out, though, that the girl is not who she pretends to be. The film takes a curious turn from here.  BOY MEETS GIRL is a funny, tender, sex positive romantic comedy that explores what it means to be a real man or woman, and how important it is to live a courageous life not letting fear stand in the way of going after your dreams. Four directors presents four episodes about one of the most terrifying legends from Brazil: the Sanguanel, a Italian creature who terrorized European immigrants in the 19th century. An eccentric college improv group and one magnetic movie star attempt to live life according to the rules of the improv game "yes and..." It tells the story of young married couple who become chicken farmers. Betty has been raised to follow her husband's dreams with him, and Bob's dream is to be a successful chicken farmer. The problem is their home is old and needs to be repaired and the baby chicks need constant care. When a rich single woman with a new house and new farm equipment flirts with Bob, Betty questions their decision to move to the farm in the first place. The children of the Salazar family have been pursuing separate lives in the recent years. After a few years of not being together as a whole family, they find themselves reuniting when CJ announces his plan to marry Princess, his girlfriend for three months. Much to their shock and dismay, CJ's sisters come together for the wedding and have agreed to dissuade him from marrying his fiancee. Canadian Marc Emery's pot activism leads him to an American prison. Troma Team Video presents the Third Reich film anthology! First up is "The Secret of the Magic Mushrooms" where two young friends go deep in the woods to camp and drink. As they get totally drunk, a terrible accident occurs and one of the friends loses his life. But is death really the end? Maybe a handful of those legendary magic mushrooms can bring him back to life. Next is "Attack of the Tromaggot". The illegal activities of the Mucus Mucus Corporation have left the sewers of Maggotown full of toxic waste. When a tiny maggot escapes from a nearby lab and falls down a drain, directly into a the deadly chemicals, it mutates into the horrifying Tromaggot, a bloodthirsty beast! Will the incompetent police force of Maggotown stop the monster before it's too late? Finally we have "Teenape Vs. The Monster Nazi Apocalypse". A secret love affair between a southern Baptist preacher and a young drifter challenges the equilibrium of a growing church. The celebration of the 50th anniversary of "Capitol-Insurance" is due - that's what the bosses thought. All employees are invited to join the party in a hotel. However, rumors say the company's not doing very well. To avoid unemployment due to the possible shutdown of the smaller branch office the only option is to move to the headquarters. Now that's the ultimate challange for Stromberg, who is notoriously trying to be the example of a department manager, gathering all of his employees behind him. A year in the life of an extraordinary village hidden away in the French countryside. Albert marries the woman of his dreams, but he's about to lose her trying to discover the answer to why men cheat that will make him famous. The heartbreaking story of a living placenta that is raised as a human, a christian, a soldier. Zach is a rich boy forced to find and keep a job after a major blunder in a company he set up. He ends up working for Evelyn, whom he discovers to be the boss from hell. In the long run, he sees her for who and what she really is. Meanwhile, Evelyn is an uptight and tough Brand Manager who hires an assistant Brand Manager. When she finds herself dumped by her boyfriend, Evelyn seeks comfort in Zach, her assistant who shows a different side of him. As they get to know each other more and as their encounters become more intimate, they begin to ask themselves if what they feel for each other is for real. The problem is romance between boss and subordinate in a company is not allowed. Things get complicated when an office romance develops between the unlikely pair. Larry is a good natured guy with a spotty work history. Santa picks Larry to fill in when he breaks his leg. Larry`s old boss and Santa`s PR assistant doubt Larry and his ability. Even Larry has misgivings but Santa and Larry`s dad believe Larry`s Christmas spirit and good heart will save the day. A poetic look at the life and legacy of legendary author Philip K. Dick (1928-1982), who wrote over over a hundred short stories and 44 novels of mind-bending sci-fi, exploring themes of authority, drugs, theology, mental illness and much more. Set in a Nigerian city Confusion Na Wa is a dark comedy about a group of strangers whose fates become intertwined over the course of 24 hours. At the heart of everything is a phone found by two opportunist wasters Charles and Chichi who, having read through its contents, decide to blackmail the owner Emeka. Little do they realize that their misdemeanors have set in motion a chain of events that will lead to their own downfall. Confusion Na Wa was winner of the 'Best Picture' category at the 2013 African Movie Academy Awards. After her birthday party, ad executive Michelle finds herself caught between cheerful Tony, dreamy Bill, youthful Jeb, and rich Tiger. Overwhelmed with stress, another complication quietly forms in her life. Nothing for Mahala is a comedic film that follows Ace (Thapelo Mokoena) into his deep and unpleasant hole of debt and financial woes. Ace who likes to play the part of the high flier is forced to get money from illegal loan sharks, which eventually lands him into some legal trouble. The result is Ace doing community service at an old age home, where much is learnt about finances, life and what really holds value. A prankster finds the tables have turned. Eric, an ordinary man in his mid 30's with an ordinary job wins a large sum of money playing the lottery. Despite his total lack of talent, he quits his job and sets off to learning how to play soccer. Eric firmly believes that if he spends 10 000 hours of training on what he sets his mind to, he can master just about anything. The comedy film sees TV Burp star Hill embark on a road trip to Blackpool with his Nan (Julie Walters) when he discovers that his hamster only has one week to live. Looking for a baby-sitter for the night, Marc Schaudel entrusts his son Remy to the care of his employee Franck, a straight man. But the thing that Marc doesn't know, is that Franck is getting 30 years old this weekend and that his son Remy is a very capricious child. The next day, Marc and his wife Claire are awakened by a call from the police. Remy and Franck are missing, and the house is totally devastated. The police finds a camera in the leftovers. Marc, Claire and the police start watching the video that has been recorded the day before during the night and find out what happened to Franck and Remy. A pair of Tactical Units Police Officers from different walks of life come together to rescue an ambassador's daughter. Two con artists try to swindle a stamp collector by selling him a sheet of counterfeit rare stamps (the "nine queens") A recently single Jessica sends Christmas cards to people who have impacted her life--the aunt who raised her, her younger brother in the military, a popstar who was part of the soundtrack of her life, the music teacher who inspired her, and the best friend who always tells the truth. Yearning for an evening without their kids, some friends plan a night out. But to do this, their husbands need to watch the kids. What can go wrong? With raging boy hormones and the laugh quotient turned on full, Chris Salvatore and Daniel Skelton return, along with Rebekah Kochan and cult icon Mink Stole in the fourth installment of Q. Allan Brocka's hilarious and over-the-top sexual antic-laden Eating Out series! Alex and his girlfriend Anna have a problem: Anna couldn't be more pregnant, and neither can find an affordable flat. The only one who can help is Anna's father, Commander Reiker, a sweet but screwy military man who owns an empty house. Reiker, however, to whom the Swiss Army means everything, has problems of his own: how can Switzerland, nation of fabled warriors that even exports its troops to protect the Pope, maintain its fear-inspiring reputation with all the cost-cutting measures? The Army is being forced to save, to restructure, and to take itself seriously. To prevent his ramshackle troops from being axed, Reiker urgently needs help. And just about anyone will do. Like his future son-in-law Alex, the least capable man one could imagine. As a yoga teacher, house-husband and pacifist, Alex has what it takes to be discharged, not put in charge. The pact he concludes with Reiker will not only shake up the Swiss Army, but also Alex's relationship with Anna... Yudi's happy life is about to encounter a speed breaker-his BMW gets towed away and his dues have started piling up. He's run out of money and luck! To make matters worse-his supposed ex-girlfriend isn't really his ex. Lorenzo Vigas' mesmerizing feature debut examines the struggles of a man petrified by the notion of human contact and intimacy. Armando, aged 50, (played by Pablo Larrain favourite Alfredo Castro in one of his most striking performances yet), cruises young men in the streets of Caracas and pays them to come back to his house. He also regularly spies on an older man with whom he seems to have ties from the past. One day he meets 17-year-old Elder, leader of a small band of thugs. Their turbulent relationship will come to mimic the violent, passionate, oppressive unpredictability of the city around them.  Winner of the Golden Lion for Best Film at the Venice Film Festival in 2015. Quitters tells the story of the Raymans, a wealthy Jewish family that's falling apart. The son, Clark, is a bright and curious high schooler with a talent for manipulation. As his mother May enters treatment for a pill addiction, and he and his father Roger stop getting along, Clark thinks about running away from home. He just needs to decide where to go. New York City. 2016. In the years since Hurricane Sandy, the city has been brought to its knees by a series of 'Frankenstorms.' As hurricane season hits yet again, New York braces itself for the oncoming wave of destruction. Roommates Margot and Daniel attempt to survive this 'new' New York by avoiding it at all costs. But with the advent of three strange deaths in their Brooklyn building, the world they've been hiding from is knocking hard on the back door. They soon discover that the salad days of getting drunk and watching horror movies are behind them, because they have a new roommate, and he's got a real bug up his ass.  A video surfaces in the media that appears to show a local Parish priest executing a defenseless man. The church brings in lawyer David Mallory to defend the priest and protect its interests. As David gathers the information he needs for the defense, he sees that things are not entirely what they appear to be. Hell in a Handbag is the chronicles the adventures of Father Michael, an embittered gun-toting exorcist priest, his at times volatile partner, the leather-clad Sister Joan, and their band of misfits including rabbi Ratzenberger, Russian bodyguard Silver, vampire pal Terrance and cross-dressing techie Ellis, as they fight a covert battle against Satan and his minions. When Banker Till (Axel Stein) is kidnapped during a bank robbery, he has the time of his life... It's the end of the school year. The long-awaited moment of the holidays is arrive. The little Nicolas, her parents and Grandma take the road towards the sea, and settle in for some time at the Hotel Beau-Rivage. One November evening a late night visitor to a shopping centre brings about a chain reaction of events that lead to a full scale invasion. Have the undead risen from the grave, or is it something far more sinister? Claire is under the grip of a mysterious new cult called Faults. Desperate to be reunited with their daughter, Claire's parents recruit one of the world's foremost experts on mind control, Ansel Roth. By following ten simple rules,  20-somethings Vince and Cameron spice up their relationship by sleeping around. But when their straitlaced friends get engaged, their relationship gets turned upside down. To put the rules to the test, they will go on the road to the Hamptons to crash the biggest party of the year where love triangles collide and off-the-wall mayhem ensues. The three protagonists play, eat and argue together. In this, at least, they are no different from other boys their age. But they are different in one crucial way, because nine-year-old Daniel and Habtom and Yohannes, both aged 12, live on the street, sleeping in an abandoned car on the side of the road. Without money or any form of adult support, they struggle to survive in Addis Ababa, the capital of Ethiopia. And there are around 270,000 other street kids like them. The film records the three boys' daily lives without being overly sentimental. Avery (Jones) returns to college as a competitive swimmer after getting his life back on track. But his life takes another unexpected turn when he and his two friends (Bonds, Casseus) are wrongly accused of murder and end up in prison. Asko Mertanen is a waiter who is very interested in shooting. He gets fed up how the things are run in Finland, so he thinks that the best way to change them is to shoot the Finnish president. A documentary film focusing on customized vans and the quirky people that drive them. Comprised of footage taken over the course of 6 days at the 40th National Truck-In (known as the Van Nationals) in Elkhorn, WI in July 2012. DANCE-OFF is a tongue-in-cheek family comedy set in the world of competition dancing starring talented dancers and choreographers from TV's "So You Think You Can Dance!" Two rival studios pick their stars Jasmine  and Brandon  to compete against each other for a $25,000 prize. Jasmine and Brandon have history. They were dance partners and mutual crushes as children. But Brandon quickly moved away not allowed to say goodbye to the heartbroken Jasmine. Luckily, both kept up their dancing. Years later Jasmine shines at the well-funded Diamond Dance Studios and deals with her crazy "dance mom" Jo-Ann . Brandon leads rival Shockwave Studio that desperately needs the $25,000 to stop it from closing. Unable to deny their feelings and both wanting to win, the star-crossed lovers feel pressure from Jo-Ann, competition owner Mary , and her son JT to triumph at all costs. How can they compete against the person they love? Taipei in the 70's, a small village, with people from different backgrounds whom are tightly connected with each other. The Liu's daughter - Liang Liang is seven years old, she is a naive and lively child.  One day, she bravely save her little friends from a fire in a car accident, unfortunately she fell into a coma. In her coma, she dreamed of participating in the nation's first marathon... Chul-soo is one of Korea's best intelligence agents: he can accomplish any given mission. One day, a mysterious explosion takes place in Seoul. Chul-soo flies to Thailand on a mission to rescue a person who holds clues to the incident. Meanwhile, Young-hee goes on a business trip to Thailand and gets entangled with Chul-soo's mission. Will he accomplish his mission and save his wife at the same time? ANNA ALEXANDROVNA BARKOVA (1901-1976) Journalist and poet, meeting suspicious characters. Involved in immoral love affairs. Work in the Kremlin, fired. 1934 - Arrested, 5 years of penal servitude in Karaganda. Lived in Ukraine during the WWII. 1946 - Arrested, 5 years of penal servitude in the Komi Republic. 1956 - Rehabilitated, disability pension. 1957 - Arrested, 10 years of penal servitude. The film 8 Heads of Madness is about the eternal struggle between the artist and external circumstances, the artist and her demons and longings. 8 Heads of Madness is a drama woven from fragments of an appalling era. An unhappy cross-section of the 20th century in an unhappy country, as seen through the sensitive, perceptive vision of a poet. Seven years ago, Sissy Carlyle's parents were killed in an icy car crash. While her charming irresponsible brother continued his questionable pursuits, Sissy stepped in to take care of their parents' antique shop, their home and the family cat Horatio. With her own life at a screeching halt, Sissy begins to fill 11 secret journals with the exciting adventures of daring, bold women she imagines she could be. Now her 27th birthday is just days away and Sissy decides to fill her 12th journal with the adventures of her real life - but much to her dismay, she has absolutely nothing to write about. Then one afternoon, an intriguing young performance artist walks into Sissy's shop and their chance encounter leads Sissy to face a tough choice - to remain safely cocooned in her fantasy lives or to take a chance and discover what her real life might become A circle of thirty-something friends reunite for a weekend away to celebrate the same sex wedding of a member of their group. Yet, despite their best efforts to behave themselves, a series of surprise plans, unexpected arrivals and exposed secrets lead to an explosion of drama that, coupled with the flammable combination of hurt feelings, unresolved tensions, and lots of wine cannot be contained. A story about a Tongan hunter named, Flying Fox, who is instructed to set out on a journey by his village chief, Singing Whale , to learn about his strengths as a man. During his journey he meets two warring villages and attempts to mediate their differences. Flying Fox applies the lessons he learned on his journey when he returns to his home village to find trouble. A 30-something year old decides to "break up" with his best buds in order to finally grow up. RS and Chico bring their friend Fabio to a clinic to help with his paranoia. Along the way, they meet three beautiful young women who change the course of their lives. Fan girl finds herself torn between the attraction for her film idol and her best male friend.  A countryside dramedy (drama-comedy) that follows 14-year-old Diana and her younger brother who live by themselves after their mother went abroad and their father lived with another woman. Set in a remote purok, where people display positive outlook in life despite daily struggles, the film features the light side of country lifestyle as the main characters take advantage of the fun and thrills of the town festival to take hold of their sweet childhood. In a remarkable turn of events, the result of the presidential election comes down to one man's vote. A writer who believes all relationships have expiration dates finally meets someone who could potentially reverse his negative logic. Brandon (Kevin Julio), a rising and arrogant young actor, insulted the figure of Grandma Gayung. Since then, Brandon has been haunted by the presence of Grandma Gayung. In a state of fear, Brandon came to Boim (Yadi Sembako) and Abas (Joe Richard) who had experience with Grandma Gayung.  They are looking for Mbah Shaman Bolot. From Mbah Dukun, it was learned how to let go of the curse of Grandma Gayung, namely by taking a bath in seven wells using a dipper from Grandma Gayung. Apparently, it's not that easy. After they managed to steal Grandma Gayung's dipper in his grave, now Grandma Gayung was even bothered to chase them all. Miko feels it's time to break up with his current girlfriend Putri. He is looking for a new experience and set his mind on performing a stand up comedy act at a cafe. When things do not go as planned, he ends up using a cardboard box full of souvenirs of his 21 ex-crushes to convince the audience that love is overrated. A group of young girls is competing in a nation teen music video competition. Ever since the world was born, two forces have been locked in perpetual battle. Their struggle is so Manichean, so ferocious, so Herculean that it makes the clash between good and evil look like a game of checkers! This ancestral duel is so ancient and so merciless that it can only be, Oggy against the Cockroaches! Written by Jiilo_Kim Meet Kuda, the world's newest reality television superstar. He's left alone in a house for 6 months and expected to defend the house against intruders sent in to steal specific items - recreating the true suburban living experience. Love Island tells the story of a pregnant French woman who lives in Sarajevo with her Bosnian husband and their daughter. They go for a vacation at a Croatian island, where things get complicated when they all become attracted to a beautiful woman. Recently divorced Adriana tries to get revenge on the woman who took her husband away from her by going on a European cruze along with them. In the form of an anthology film, travelers and hosts encounter one another in four different places in Europe via an internet-based hosting network called "Couchsurfing". In Stuttgart, the Swabian publisher Annette meets the Polish master in the art of living Pawel, while her niece Nina is expecting a big fiesta in Spain, but meets only a deaf old man. In parallel Matti, a freshly minted high school graduate, hopes to find a great adventure in Paris, while the two Erasmus students Reka and Alma wander through Frankfurt desperately seeking their hosts. In the quest of adventure, diversion or just an authentic travel experience, encountering people whom one never would have met otherwise and so they are confronted not only with counterparts, but also with themselves. White fabric hanging on the line as seen through the windows of a house at night. A look at the poorest district of Warsaw. Targowek looks as if the war ended just yesterday - the place is full of rubble and misery, and devoid of any perspectives for a better future.  A comedy centered around three people who each have a lookalike of a lookalike, all with the same name.  Life is not easy for Laika, a dog on the outskirts of a big Russian city. She is caught and forcibly retrained to become a pioneer in astronautics. Soon after her lift-off into space, a number of animals follow that are hurriedly launched from Houston and Baikonur. The animals travel astray, but finally manage, with the help of a black hole, to colonize a faraway planet. After a short period of harmonious, undisturbed co-existence with indigenous life forms, however, first human cosmonaut run ashore on their planet, and their harmonious life, indeed their very survival, are suddenly in jeopardy. Two physically handicapped youngsters make friends with a paralysed hitman and are commissioned by a local mafia boss. They have little to lose although things are never as they first appear. The boundaries between fantasy and reality blur as the unlikely heroes stumble from one close encounter to the next and we gain an unusual insight into their lives on the periphery of society. When a young girl finds out that, due to her existence, her seven brothers are struck by a curse and have to live their lives as ravens, she goes out in a quest to find them. Considered to be the first German feature length stop motion film. Class 6b is going camping, led by Mees Kees and Principal Dreus. But after Dreus strains her back all responsibility suddenly rests on the shoulders of Kees. When things go wrong, he begins to doubt himself. But he soon learns that it is not about making mistakes, but about how to solve them. A family moves into a cabin where they are attacked by the vicious Field Freak. A race-against-the-clock comedy about a guy who has to drive a taxi all night collecting fares to bail out his brother who is being held down in an abandoned warehouse over a gambling debt. When an American woman takes an impromptu journey to Mumbai too get away from her overbearing mother, she befriends an Indian woman striving to balance her family's culture with modern day demands. What ensues is an ethnic and generational mash-up that will leave audiences enthralled at the calamity of old-school traditions and contemporary lifestyle. Venkatasamy (Raj Kiran), a helpful villager, comes to the city to spend time with his grandson Tamizh (Vimal), an IT professional whose dream is to settle in the US. Venkatasamy's straight talk and rural practices initially earn him the enmity of Tamizh's neighbors and girlfriend, Karthika (Lakshmi Menon). Eventually, things begin to change and he begins to win hearts. But by the time the city folks realize his value, tragedy strikes... When a meteor lands during a beach party, it kicks off a zombie apocalypse. Following the events of Volume 1,  the mutated glee club continue their violent rampage in Tromaville. Chrissy and Lauren, two innocent lesbian lovers, must fight not only the Cretins, mutants, and monsters but also the evil Tromorganic Foodstuffs Conglomerate. Can they, and Kevin the Wonder Duck, save Tromaville High School and the world? Five horror icons ditch an unprofitable autograph signing convention to earn some extra cash haunting an RV park, but find themselves being haunted instead. A group of friends goes to Oxford to help one of them to find the girl he's in love with. Teenagers, in their last year of High School, steel the subjects of the Baccalaureate from the education exam division in order to succeed at the exam. 3 men and 3 women from different backgrounds form a strong friendship.  According to Spencer, She's the one... Everyone else thinks so too! After hearing a frightening supernatural warning, Keri, a young mother, takes an urgent road trip south during the Christmas holidays with her two kids and a mysterious neighbor haunted by ghosts from his past. Road anxiety and a veteran's Post Traumatic Stress Disorder collide. Keri faces dangerous situations and ultimately learns a heartbreaking truth which tests the limits of forgiveness. Raghunandan is a billionaire and a big business Magnet based in Milan of Italy. He however is unhappy and wishes to reconcile with his estranged daughter Sunanda whom he sent out of his home because she married a Pleader Rajasekhar against his wishes. His grandson Gautham Nanda promises Raghunandan that he would bring his Atha to their home on his Birthday.  Sunanda has 2 Daughters Prameela and Sashi. Gautham enters the house as Siddhu, a driver who was appointed after saving Rajasekhar from a Heart stroke. Gautham woos Prameela but his game ends after he comes to know that Prameela is already in love. Sashi turns rival to Gautham and is suspicious of him and Paddu his friend and male nurse appointed to take care of Rajasekhar. Two demons, slinging sex, drugs and chaos, attack the lives of a struggling couple. When her possessive high school boyfriend dies in a gruesome accident, Fern Petersen's life is thrown into turmoil. Things go from bad to worse when he returns as a love-sick ghost to kill her so they can be together for eternity. Billa, Ranga and Kochadaiyaan are dissatisfied with their respective marriages. Along with their friend Guru, who is about to marry, they resolve to turn bachelors once again and live life to the fullest. The Special Duties Unit (SDU) is an elite paramilitary tactical unit of the Hong Kong Police Force and is considered one of the world's finest in its role. But being the best carries its own burdens. Like everyone else, they go through troubles with love, with family and with their jobs. And sometimes they get horny.  This touching story is about Special Duties Unit Team B and their trip to Macau for a weekend of unadulterated debauchery.  A drama centered around the relationship between journalist Michael Finkel and Christian Longo, an FBI Most Wanted List murderer who for years lived outside the U.S. under Finkel's name. A mother and her daughter--who are both victims of incest-rape perpetrated by the same man now languishing in jail--are approached by a couple of filmmakers with an offer to produce a movie based on the two women's true story. They hesitate on the idea at first but agree eventually for the sum of money they will be paid in exchange for selling the rights to the material. When the finished film is finally shown in theaters, they proceed to the city all the way from their hometown to catch the screening. They are elated at the prospect of seeing the larger-than-life versions of themselves. But as the motion picture gradually unfolds before their very eyes, they instead go through another harrowing experience of a lifetime. Art dealer, Charles Mortdecai, searches for a stolen painting rumored to contain a secret code that gains access to hidden Nazi gold. An unsettling look at reality television, where a disturbing game show has its contestants ending their lives for the public's enjoyment. Bidin Al Zaifa is madly in love with a Thai woman named Cherry Porntit. He proposes to her, but her brother, a Muay Thai champion, doesn't want her to marry him. Events turn for the worse when Bidin's enemy, Al Buqerk, comes after him to settle an old debt. With the help of his friends, Eddy and Aidil, Bidin tries to solve both his romance problem and his enemy problem. The movie starts 5 years after stuntman Eugene Koekemoer and his crew of misfit stuntmen left the world of fame with their Stunt TV shows and started to work regular 9 to 5 jobs. Filmed at the Celebrity Theatre in Phoenix, AZ on February 15th and 16th, 2013, Oh My God is Louis C.K.'s fifth stand-up special, his first for HBO since 2007's Shameless, and his first since winning a Emmy Award for writing on his acclaimed show on FX, Louie.  Performed in the round in front of a live audience, he discusses such topics as the food chain, animals, divorce, strange anecdotes, broken morality, murder and mortality. The staff of elementary school prepare the retirement party for their cleaning woman. The complicated relations within the school will emerge to the surface on the same night. Marithe works in a training center for adults. Her mission: to help other people to change direction in their work and to find their vocation. Carole, who lives and works in the shadow cast by her husband, Sam, an energetic and talented Michelin-starred chef, arrives in the center one day. It's not so much a change in job that Carole seems to need, as a change in husband. Marithe does everything she can to help Carole set out down a new path. But what are the real motives behind this devotion? After all, Marithe doesn't seem to be impervious to Sam's charms, or to his cooking. Everybody has one--the sibling who is always just a little bit behind the curve when it comes to getting his life together. For sisters Liz, Miranda and Natalie, that person is their perennially upbeat brother, Ned. When Ned's girlfriend dumps him and boots him off the farm, his sisters each take a turn at housing him, but Ned's unfailing honesty creates more than a few messes in their comfortable routines. But as each of their lives begins to unravel, Ned's family comes to realise that Ned isn't such an idiot after all. Three black guys from Utah, who happen to be the only black people from Utah, stumble upon a new black woman who has come to town. They begin to vie for her love but fear they aren't "black enough" to appeal to her. They hire someone from out of own, Pepper Palmer, to teach them how to act "blacker," except when he arrives, he's not quite what they had in mind. Six years ago, Robert Kenner, a mild mannered postman from Peckham, South London was struck by a meteor which bestowed him with super powers. Today, Bob is an overworked under-appreciated "civil servant" for the British government. He spends most waking hours saving people and filling out forms. There has been no time for anything else. Least of all love. But today he has a day off. And best of all, he has a date with the woman he once met at the library. Now all he has to do is act as if this isn't the most exciting day of his life. Apparently that puts people off. In the midst of the battle between a humble technical center and a powerful university for the award to build a robot to Chile, love arises. Five friends meet a mystic in a forest who grants their wish -- a newspaper from the future. They decide to get rich by using their knowledge of the future. They focus their efforts on Peter, a carefree youth from Royapuram, who is predicted by the newspaper to win a boxing match and present the prize money of Rs. 2 crores to the five friends. However, they are perplexed when they discover that Peter has absolutely no knowledge of boxing. Bollywood 2013 A documentary about a controversial Zen master who has sought to strip away the sheen off many taboo topics in Zen Buddhism and exhibit a healthy dose of reality to his readers. Three friends decide to spend New Year's Eve in Hong Kong, where one of them has decided to move permanently. However at the meeting place, one friend fails to show up. Instead they meet a mysterious looking guy claiming to be Hungarian, who assures them the remaining friend is going to join them "just in time for the celebrations". But the more they talk to him, the more it sounds like he's hiding something... Nellie is a seemingly prim young woman who is conducting a clandestine affair with Jack, a super-suave, fast-talking lawyer. It doesn't matter that the pair seems mismatched because Jack doesn't really exist; he is a figment of Nellie's imagination--someone she dreamed up out of bits and pieces of Leonard, a somewhat bland man with whom she had a blind date months earlier. Meanwhile, we meet Leonard, and learn that he too has an imaginary lover, whom he has fashioned after the attractive attributes of Nellie. When the two characters come together again, they are forced to compare and contrast their ideal--but, sadly, nonexistent--partners, with their flesh and blood counterparts. The question is, will Nellie choose the man on her mind over the man in her arms? It tells the story of a young female social worker who begins work at a hospital for retarded children, and discovers that some of the psychological problems attributed to these children are incorrectly diagnosed. Proving this to be the case is difficult, however, as it is generally accepted that as those who are 'profoundly retarded' cannot communicate, therefore they cannot think.  In the case of Annie O'Farrell (Tina Arhondis), finding a way for her to 'talk', other than speaking or writing, finally shows that she is not only able to think, but is highly intelligent. The battle against the hospital to acknowledge this in a legal sense goes to court, as the psychiatrists try to hide their misdiagnosis. Comedy inspired by paperback crime novels tells the story of an adventurous search for a mysterious murderer who just after the end of the First World War has begun a rampage in Wilson City, a jerkwater town somewhere in Eastern Europe. The investigation is being led by an inhomogeneous pair of detectives - a greenhorn and local police cadet named Eisner and an experienced FBI officer Food, who has been sent to Europe by US President Woodrow Wilson himself. Hamid struggles to care for his younger brothers when their father abandons them for Pakistan. Based on true events. A mockumentary about the rise and fall of Hollywood's life coach to the stars. A man struggling to find purpose in life is enlightened by a drunk ailing widow. Live action film adaptation of a romance that was turned into a book after making a splash on the Internet bulletin board "2 Channel." Humorously depicts a 29-year-old virgin who meets a prostitute, and struggles with love. Directed by Iizuka Ken of Arakawa Under the Bridge.  An eccentric socialite raises a gorilla as her son. Jimmy Price is a reckless man-child on the last leg of his career as a doubles tennis player. When his latest partner drops him, he realizes he's officially burned all of his bridges on the pro circuit. He decides to make one last ditch effort to revive his career, reaching outside of the tennis world and convincing his childhood partner -- his estranged brother Darren, now an apathetic substitute teacher - to team up with him. The mismatched pair, with the help of a unique 11-year-old named Barry, make an unlikely run at a grand slam tournament and are forced to re-discover their game, and their brotherhood. As her marriage dissolves, a Manhattan writer takes driving lessons from a Sikh instructor with marriage troubles of his own. In each other's company they find the courage to get back on the road and the strength to take the wheel. 86-year-old Irving Zisman is on a journey across America with the most unlikely companion: his 8 year-old grandson, Billy. A successful lawyer returns to his hometown for his mother's funeral only to discover that his estranged father, the town's judge, is suspected of murder. A 34 year old single woman, Nancy, hung-over again, exhausted by the endless fruitless set ups by her friends, traveling across London to toast another 10 years of her parent's successful happy magical marriage runs in with a 40 year old divorcee, Jack, who mistakes her for his 24 year old blind date. Nancy, deciding to go with it, happens to hop on the most chaotic yet hilarious journey of her life which neither of them will ever forget. Maria, a fearless soldier, and TS-347, a man with superhuman strength, are being pursued by a military cell responsible for scientific experiments that have resulted in a zombie apocalypse. On the way, they will meet Pedro, a man with few ambitions and a great hangover. Together, they will try to escape to a safe place, but complications will cross their paths in the form of a nuclear bomb. A teenage boy lives with his single mum in a flat in South London. Into the flat below moves an anti-social, former Rock God who faked his death 8 years ago. The teenage boy works out who the mysterious neighbour is and blackmails him into teaching him the dark arts of Rock Guitar. As a thirty something acting teacher attempts to push a group of eager young performers out of their comfort zones, he struggles with his own ability to live an authentic and fulfilling life with his teenage son. Marianne gets off to a bad start with gallery director and Brad Pitt look alike Vincent but everything works out "just like in the movies" in the end. "Bucharest Non-Stop" is a feature film that tells the story of a neighborhood of Bucharest. More specifically, the film is a night of non-stop life of a store located in a neighborhood blocks. Four drive four different stories linked by a key figure, Achim, known as "the boy from non-stop", played by George Ifrim. The film wants to convey the story of ordinary people in extraordinary situations. The story of a father and a son. An on the road trip from South to North. A submarine crew, a feared pack of forest bandits, a famous surgeon, and a battalion of child soldiers all get more than they bargained for as they wend their way toward progressive ideas on life and love. Killing Poe is a dark comedy about five students in a class on Edgar Allan Poe who teach their professor a lesson in true Poe style. A one-time (and now one-handed) master film editor toiling in the cinematic sweatshops of 1970s Italy becomes the prime suspect in a series of brutal murders. Start Options Exit follows the exploits of twenty-somethings Neville Carlisle and Yolis Jenkem, street punks who have come to a freeing conclusion; If you forget stupid little things like reputation, the law, friendship and the suffering of others...well, life can be kinda fun. You can do whatever you want, getting women is easier, stupid people respect you, sometimes you can even make a little money. They can't explain what happened. All they can say: in a timeless space filled with white light, their deeply disturbing encounters with the paranormal irrevocably changed how they perceive our reality. Raw Meat is the comedic story of a young entertainer, 'J HO', on a quest to prove himself worthy of the group 'RAW MEAT'. 'G FO' heads the group of party entertainers. He runs the island's party scene, and the people pay him and his crew good money for a good show. Check out what happens when you add the spice of rogue entertainer, 'D BABY', into the mix. Is J HO just barbecue? or is he 'RAW MEAT'? Come see whats cooking. Cal Weaver is living the American dream. He has a good job, a beautiful house, great children and a beautiful wife, named Emily. Cal's seemingly perfect life unravels, however, when he learns that Emily has been unfaithful and wants a divorce. Over 40 and suddenly single, Cal is adrift in the fickle world of dating. Enter, Jacob Palmer, a self-styled player who takes Cal under his wing and teaches him how to be a hit with the ladies. After a chance encounter, Pia  and Nix instantly hit it off. Natural conversations eventually develop into deep attraction. Despite their wounds from previous relationships, both decide to take a chance on each other.  But when their love blossoms into a relationship, their differences will test their love and will make them question: Are they ready for love when they're still carrying baggage from their past? Idiots Taylor Dupp and Murphy Wegg flee their humdrum existence in Dayton, Ohio for the glamour of Hollywood. Murphy turns his complete lack of talent into a career as a television producer ("The Pac-Man Show"), while Taylor is unjustly accused of murder. From an inauspicious beginning performing comedy routines in the back of a burger joint in New York, unorthodox stand-up star Zach Galifianakis has made a splash on the scene with his inimitable brand of humor. In this live show filmed at San Francisco's Purple Onion nightclub, the versatile funnyman serves up a healthy dose of his signature wit. A retired KGB agent is trying to help his grandson and starts operation "Grandpa 005". A man having marital problems with his shrewish wife picks up a young, pretty and pregnant hitchhiker. Before he knows it, he's in over his head and mixed up in violence and murder. Set in Dublin, the film follows a close knit group of twenty-something friends as they are forced to confront the reality of lives and friendships which have gone unchallenged and unchanged since their teenage years. The story centers on a group of gossipy, high-society women who spend their days at the beauty salon and haunting fashion shows. The sweet, happily-wedded Mary Haines finds her marriage in trouble when shop girl Crystal Allen gets her hooks into Mary's man. Jerry Maguire used to be a typical sports agent: willing to do just about anything he could to get the biggest possible contracts for his clients, plus a nice commission for himself. Then, one day, he suddenly has second thoughts about what he's really doing. When he voices these doubts, he ends up losing his job and all of his clients, save Rod Tidwell, an egomaniacal football player. Four men decided to enter in the oldest Fight Club of the History, The Florentine Football tournament. A father and son, a black guy, an old champion and outsider clerk will enter in an arena of the time to win their fears, to go over their limits, to be heroes for a day. A surreal and merry jaunt inside the world of three eccentric sisters: Dada poetess Celestia, manic inventor Ladybug, and dreamy painter Whimsellica. The sisters live in NYC with their darling butler, Reginald, and two scheming maids. Forced  onto  the  streets  in  her  50s,  Mimi  found  "home"  at  a  Santa  Monica laundromat. Taking shelter there for 20 years, Mimi's passion for pink, and living without  looking  back,  has  taken  her  from  homelessness  to  Hollywood's  red carpets. This is the fascinating and moving story of one incredibly strong woman' s survival against all odds. Rising model Meghla falls in love with a business magnate Ananta, but he soon finds out that Meghla was using him to become successful in her modeling career. After her husband, Carl, suddenly leaves, Joline travels from New York to Texas to track him down. Although Joline tries to remain upbeat, she is discouraged when she discovers that Carl already has a new girlfriend, the lovely Carmen. Familiarizing herself with Carl's new home and friends, Joline gets company in the form of her brother, Jay. Will Joline win Carl back, or are there other romantic possibilities on her horizon? With baseball being the last thing on these player's minds, and dealing with one of the longest losing streaks in college history, the team of misfits comes to the realization that the school, led by the corrupt and unethical President of the University, has plans to disband the entire program. Hilarity ensues as they have one afternoon to execute a plan to fill the stadium, sign the top recruit on the planet, and help send their coach out with a bang. When Justin's girlfriend of 5 years leaves him heartbroken and embarrassed after a public breakup, his trying to be helpful but somewhat misguided friends talk him into the strange world of on-line dating. Louis stays with the residents of a soon to open brothel in Nevada for a few weeks. A country romance about the human streak in the horse and the horse in the human. Love and death become interlaced and with terrible consequences. The fortunes of the people in the country through the horses' perception. A feisty young petrol station attendant attempts to figure out her place in the world. A middle-aged man tries to get by in Milan while trying to retain his dignity. Googly is a 2013 Kannada romantic comedy film directed by Pawan Wadeyar and produced by Jayanna Combines. Yash and Kriti Kharbanda are the lead actors while Ananth Nag and Sadhu Kokila play the primary supporting roles. The film released on 19 July 2013 and opened to a fantastic response at the box office. The film was declared a "Blockbuster". The relationship between two young girls lost in a moment of personal introspection and detachment from their own family universe. In a world of super-villains, evil schemes and global domination... someone has to take out the Trash. Welcome to the world of Henchmen, third class. When a fresh-faced new recruit joins the Union of Evil, he is assigned to a motley crew of blue-collar workers led by fallen henchmen Hank. But when "The Kid" accidentally steals the super villain's ultimate weapon, Hank must break his "risk nothing" code to save the boy he's befriended, even if it means becoming the one thing he has always avoided... being a hero. Abby, a 30-year-old lesbian, tries to manage her anxiety attacks while working odd jobs and trying to seduce as many women as possible. I'm a Porn Star follows the lives of guys in the neighborhood who are likely a lot more famous than you - at least on the Internet. There are an estimated 370 million pornographic websites on-line. Porn is now a thirteen BILLION dollar business. So who's doing all this moonlighting? Turns out -- probably some people you know. The peaceful order of the Sisters of No Mercy are forced to avenge the murder of one of their own when an evil priest and his co-hort 'Saint' Theresa use the order as a cover for drugs and prostitution. Sisters of No Mercy spoofs nunsploitation movies while melding movie making techniques with modern socio-political overtones and Internet found footage to create a viewing experience of meta-awareness.  Sisters of No Mercy chronicles our madcap adventures as we try and nurture and develop the community needed to sustain our independent theatres and video stores here in Chicago. It's also an introduction to a little-known sub-genre of exploitation cinema called Nunsploitation. Sex! Violence! Nuns! For Shirin, being part of a perfect Persian family isn't easy. Acceptance eludes her from all sides: her family doesn't know she's bisexual, and her ex-girlfriend, Maxine, can't understand why she doesn't tell them. Even the six-year-old boys in her moviemaking class are too ADD to focus on her for more than a second. Following a family announcement of her brother's betrothal to a parentally approved Iranian prize catch, Shirin embarks on a private rebellion involving a series of bisexual escapades, while trying to decipher what went wrong with Maxine. Set in Paris, a man working in fish delivery becomes involved in a legal battle with his sperm donations. A Super Computer plans world domination with the help of Robbie the robot and a 10 year old boy who is the son the computer's inventor. Jennifer and Vince, virtual strangers, find themselves strapped for cash and decide to stage a fake engagement and wedding just for the gifts We'll Never Have Paris is a clumsy and at once human account of screwing up on a transcontinental level in a noble effort to win back "the one." Alex Ramirez is destined to become the greatest baseball player ever - and he'll do anything to get make it. But the road to success proves troublesome and hilariously unpredictable. A desk-bound CIA analyst volunteers to go undercover to infiltrate the world of a deadly arms dealer, and prevent diabolical global disaster. The sequel of the 1985 classic "Gila-Gila Remaja" follows the modern youngsters in Malaysian society and takes a long ride to see the struggles faced by the young guns with actions, comedy, relationships and family. Hairul Azreen as Afiq is a youth who comes from a wealthy family and is interested in only motorcycle races and dance. Meanwhile, Faralyna Idris as Lisa is a poor village girl who mostly keeps to herself. Fizz Fairuz plays Haikal, Lisa's strict brother who tries to control Lisa's conversations and acquaintances. In college, Afiq falls for Lisa, but Lisa misunderstands Afiq behaviour because of their closeness, as she is also Erna's best friend. Kris, who is interested in Erna, is jealous of Erna and Afiq's friendship, which leads to a rivalry between the tw Deep within a small distant village, lives a humble Tok Chai who rears a "Hantu Raya" that provides him an easy life in return. But alas, as all good things eventually come to an end. In "Kecoh! Hantu Raya Tok Chai", the story picks up when Tok Chai passes on, leaving behind his beloved "Hantu Raya". For the uneducated "Hantu Raya", the burying of Tok Chai means the end of him, thus the "Hantu Raya" tries to stop the villagers from burying Tok Chai. With the wisdom of Tok Imam, and the efforts of Ebby, Corporal Lisa, Tok Penghulu, Sargent, Tok Imam and his followers are determined to bury Tok Chai before dawn breaks. Will "Hantu Raya" successfully stop Tok Imam and his followers from completing Tok Chai's funeral? Who will turn victim to placate "Hantu Raya"? Most importantly, who will care for ol' "Hantu Raya" when all is said and done? Epol's motorcycle is missing, so he is now on his own adventure to get his motorcycle back! His motorcycle was stolen by two thieves, and in the process, Epol meets Azura, whose handbag was stolen by the same thieves! Unfortunately for Azura, in her hand contain a thumb drive that important for Tan Sri Bakhir, a wealthy businessman. Tan Sri Bakhir quickly offers Epol a sum of money; RM 50,000 if he finds the thieves and gives the thumb drive to the bank. Epol accepts the offer and his quest of finding his motorcycle and the thumb drive! Will he be able to pull this off? Horror film about an incident at a secluded resort that takes place over the course of one night. The Tokak is a vengeful spirit from Sungai Raya who has possessed a man named Iskandar, owner of the resort. In order for Iskandar to return to a human, he has to murder and drink the blood of six women who have sinned with lust in one night. When world heavyweight boxing champion, Apollo Creed wants to give an unknown fighter a shot at the title as a publicity stunt, his handlers choose palooka Rocky Balboa, an uneducated collector for a Philadelphia loan shark. Rocky teams up with trainer  Mickey Goldmill to make the most of this once in a lifetime break. The comedy follows Jefferson, a ski-bum temp worker, whose singular joy comes from an annual excursion to the slopes with fellow slacker Curtis. But when Jefferson falls for Stephanie, an ambitious go-getter, he is forced to re-evaluate his priorities. A story of unrequited love between an old man who wants a friend and a squirrel who wants a sandwich. An ex-cop whose only goal is to assassinate a state senator and collect $100,000 dollars. Marilyn Bellows, the senator's wife, orders the hit. Marilyn will go to any extreme - lust, betrayal, and even murder to get what she wants. Our hero is 25-year-old Stepan - a nice enough guy but a bit of a waster who doesn't have a clue what to do with himself. At the call centre where he works, he is jolted out of his lethargy when he takes a call from the mysterious and seemingly level-headed Marie. This playful flick revolves around young protagonists full of insecurities who are struggling to break out of the crushing stereotypical mould. And although Stepan might not know exactly which path to take in life, the mere decision to put one foot in front of the other indicates a certain degree of progress. In its chosen stylisation the film opts for bizarre condensation and, in places, ventures into absurd poetics; even so, it reveals great understanding for its characters' faltering moves. With the help of his psychiatrist, God tries to recall the traumatic events that took place at a bowling alley in heaven, and regain his friendship with Satan, Buddha, and Vishnu. After getting threatened by Kelly's friends and family, Constable Fitzpatrick places the blame on Ned Kelly and exaggerates what happened. With the biggest ever award available, Kelly and his gang set into the wild, to remain hidden from everyone who seeks them. Even if it means having his family arrested, the members of the Kelly Gang stay hidden and plan a way to get their names cleared. One day seventeen-year-old Alma sees her father who had left the family five years before and had never contacted them since then accidentally on a subway stop in Berlin. She finds out where he works and start spending time together. Very soon the feelings they have for each other extend a normal father-daughter basis and they erotically attract each other. In the late 1960s there were no CCTV or crime scene DNA testing, but disposing of a dead body was still bloody murder. After the bizarre death of her brother, Johana Burwood must return home after four years, to face her strange siblings, her out of touch father and her very touchy past. Brothers want to marry a pair of sisters. Complications ensue. Jatt Airways is the Punjabi movie starring Alfaaz, Tulip Joshi, Padam Bhola, Smriti Khanna Jaswinder Bhalla, Binnu Dhillon, Rana Jang Bahadur, BN Sharma, Deepak Raja, Karamjit Anmol, Manreet Kaur, Kulwant Gill A woman must make a hard choice after a mind bending procedure. A woman follows her heart in spite of her best friend's advice, "...Stay with men who resemble your father." When Angela meets Mark at a local bookstore, he strikes her interest with his mysterious demeanor and motivates her to explore dating outside of her comfort zone. What Angela knows about men of color is a warning sign, but meeting Mark changes it. Her best friend Paula, hears of her excitement and desperately redirects Angela's dating interest. When Angela meets Margo, she opens doors to a different world. With her best friend Karen, they influence Angela to live and love on her own terms." Three brothers struggle to navigate their individual romantic relationships, while simultaneously trying to reconcile their familial ones. A comedy about a woman who tries to overcome tone-deafness and a man who tries to help her but joins the romance. In "7 Pecados Rurais", Quim and Ze go to Lisbon to collect two distant cousins   who want to revive a crazy last summer in Curral de Moinas. Along the way they bump into a flock of sheep and die. Unable to have kids, Nick an ex-con and Maryann a hard core christian, resort to the extreme to become parents. They kidnap a woman going in for an abortion and force her to have her baby for them. After the engagement ring meant for his girlfriend is stolen, a young man and his friends plot to steal it back.  Denis (Praneet Akilla) has got all that he needs. Namely, two best friends Chad (Jian Choo) and Huey (David Schnetkamp), a job that earns him enough money to smoke pot, and most importantly, Aly, his devoted girlfriend of four years (Azra Lallany). Wanting to show Aly that he's serious about their relationship, he devises a plan to propose to her with his grandmother's impressive diamond ring. When criminals steal the ring, Denis and his friends must put aside their slacker ways and craft the perfect plan to steal it back. As the men race to recover the ring, they stumble into a criminal underworld more dangerous than they could have imagined. Los Flamencos is a comedy about death. Starring Herwig Illegems, Peter Van den Eede and Mark Verstraeten. He's a 26-year-old loser and his girlfriend just dumped him. But he's got a plan to win her back. He becomes a private eye straight out of a 40's film noir. But now he's in trouble with the cops and the mob! He's Max Anderson, Private Eye! The Movie story is based on A Generation Gap. This Movie tries to break the gap, keeping the old and new generation intact with there emotions and with there roots. City life and rural life intact. This movie is not revolving around Jatt Story / Revenge. This movie kept the cast away. The movie sured Jatts are not the only cast who are farmers and these Jatts have one dialogue in common, if they don't speak with each other, they don't either fight with each other. In the movie they have sured old culture songs and also new today generation songs It's graduation weekend, and Sandy Channing, the popular class president of her small-town high school, should be enjoying the time of her life. But when her friends start disappearing, Sandy discovers they have unwittingly awakened the vengeful spirit of a girl they wronged long ago. Fighting for her sanity, Sandy must unlock a dark secret from her own past before it's too late. Upon discovering her husband's infidelity, Sandy leaves the suburbs and moves into the city. There, she befriends Aram, a guy whose wife only married him so she could get a green card. Sandy hires Aram to be her nanny, and  it isn't long until Aram and Sandy find out they get along wonderfully and start to date. But is their relationship real or is it, in fact, just a rebound for both of them? A weird and wonderfully bizarre Japanese cartoon from the '30s. Haruo (Yo Oizumi) has a dream to become the best magician, but, so far, he is only a marginal magician. Haruo also doesn't have parents. He then goes back 40 years in time to Asakusa, Tokyo. There, he meets his parents when they were young and he learns the secret of his birth. A fragmented view of contemporary Spain, drawing conclusions about the persistence of the human condition, strangeness, and the chaos within relationships. Ex-inmate and wandering musician Jake travels to a small town in Arkansas intent on exacting revenge from his father, but begins to unravel a complicated family history as he befriends the locals. Mahapurush O Kapurush is a 2013 Indian Bengali language comedy drama film directed by Aniket Chattopadhyay.The story encompasses two distinctly different tracks that run parallel to each other. As a thief breaks into a middle class apartment of a young couple at one end of the city, a Himalaya returned Guru settles for a religious discourse at a business magnets bungalow the same night. As Pada , the thief faces a stiff situation, Swad Gajananda Swami by the virtue of his magical powers mesmerizes his disciples and enjoys the best of food, hospitality &amp; other generous attention. The two incidents are too far fetched to have any connecting possibilities. But fate has other things in store. It's a question of putting up an act and sticking by it!!! Mukundan Unni (Jayaram) is a black magician and an exorcist. He is not really keen about his father's black magic skills and is wiling away his time with two dumb cronies in a remote village. There he meets a girl named Malu (Poonam Bajwa), who has no memories about her past but falls pretty easily for the hero after a couple of songs. But they get separated soon after. Some years later, he is called by a wealthy family to exorcise a spirit (Muktha George) from their palatial house, Shenoy Mandir. He meets Malavika there but she doesn't recognise him. The story of youth, friendship and love in a time when man took his first steps on the moon, the streets became saturator, transistors pulsed rock'n'roll, and the fondest dream of every fan of the domestic automotive industry was the Fiat 125p. Film trip to the sixties, colorful era "flower children", hippies and bigbitu. Year 1969. Fascinating in aviation Adam is called to the army. However, much to his own chagrin, she gets an assignment to serve in the ... Navy. In Antek, older brother, embark on the sea. During several days of traveling through Poland to visit old friends and make new friends. Antek - incorrigible womanizer and the king of nightclubs - wants to prepare a shy brother to life. However, the meeting with a beautiful and mysterious woman calls a lot of complications in the life of Adam, initiating a series of surprising events. Following a recent breakup, struggling writer Jules (Dan Simon) crashes with his recently separated best friend, Saul (Gregory Lay), at his apartment in Brooklyn. While Saul wants to drink heavily and lament over his impending divorce, Jules just wants to escape into latest script. After Saul is fired from his job as restaurant manager and Jules loses an off-Broadway production of his play, the two embark on a weekend bender through New York City and Connecticut in search of solace and sometimes more pain. When the sun finally rises, neither expects to see the light. After surviving an explosion in Iraq, Mr. Thomas leaves the infuriating desk job the army had created for him and enters the underground world of the contract killer. His brother, Sam, had been caught selling on army secrets to the highest bidder and is now working for the illusive Harry Montagu. They use Mr. Thomas as a very effective way of eliminating problems they encounter in their business. That is until Mr. Thomas begins to question whom these problems are that he is removing, and why they deserve this fate. Anger rages in Philip as he awaits the publication of his second novel. He feels pushed out of his adopted home city by the constant crowds and noise, a deteriorating relationship with his photographer girlfriend Ashley, and his own indifference to promoting the novel. When Philip's idol Ike Zimmerman offers his isolated summer home as a refuge, he finally gets the peace and quiet to focus on his favorite subject: himself. Maggie Cooper thinks it would be really cool if her son Lloyd were gay. So cool, in fact, that she outs him to the entire school. A 'chance' meeting in the street, give you the opportunity to Agata and Marc to help each other to overcome the inertia of their lives. An ugly ducking attempts to become desirable. Bette Midler talks about her childhood in Honolulu, her transformation in high school, her singing career and her breakout role in "The Rose." Midler also dances and discusses her sassy Divine Miss M persona. Clips include "The Rose," "Big Business" and "Beaches." Interviewer: James Lipton. Have a box of Kleenex tissues handy, as Bette will definitely make you cry. Daughters of the Sexual Revolution is the never-before-told story of Suzanne Mitchell, the fiercely-loyal den mother of the original Dallas Cowboys Cheerleaders. Looking for any way to get away from the life and town he was born into, Tripp, a high school senior, builds a Monster Truck from bits and pieces of scrapped cars. After an accident at a nearby oil-drilling site displaces a strange and subterranean creature with a taste and a talent for speed, Tripp may have just found the key to getting out of town and a most unlikely friend. Don "Vossie" Vorster is a geeky bunny-hugger with a good heart. About to set off for Stellenbosch University, Vossie's proud father hands him a box. Inside, he discovers a slightly tatty black bowtie. In a tradition passed down from generation to generation, the eldest son in the Vorster family is given the honour of wearing the bowtie when he finishes high school. Imbued with the courage to stand up for the things he cares about, he's ready to take on courting the girl of his dreams. An American TV crew gets trapped in a centuries-old web of revenge, horror, and blood, when their home improvement show is attacked by angry Eastern European villagers out to kill the show's star. Actress Myrtle Gordon is a functioning alcoholic actress who is a few days from the opening night of her latest play, concerning a woman distraught about aging. One night a car kills one of Myrtle's fans who is chasing her limousine in an attempt to get the star's attention. Myrtle internalizes the accident and goes on a spiritual quest, but fails to finds the answers she is after. As opening night inches closer and closer, fragile Myrtle must find a way to make the show go on. With her personal and professional life in shambles, Elise ends up having to take a job as a counselor at her old summer camp. There, she reunites with two estranged friends who attended camp and never left. When the future of the camp is put in jeopardy, the three friends must band together to save it, changing the course of their lives forever. Tod is an unemployed musician and Lydia is pregnant. They used to date each other and with a wedding as the reason, Tod and Lydia take a trip from South Dakota to Indiana. The trip is filled with detours, interesting strangers, and a physical injury that results in an eye patch. Neil, Will and Simon receive an invite from Jay to join him in Australia whilst on his gap year, who promises them it's "the sex capital of the world". With their lives now rather dull compared to their hedonistic school days and legendary lads holiday, it's an offer they can't refuse. Once again, they put growing up temporarily on-hold, and embark on a backpacking holiday of a lifetime in an awful car, inspired by Peter Andre's 'Mysterious Girl'. Will soon finds himself battling with the lads to do something cultural, whilst they focus their attention on drinking, girls, and annoying fellow travelers. Middle-aged Ohio secretary Jane Hudson has never found love and has nearly resigned herself to spending the rest of her life alone. But before she does, she uses her savings to finance a summer in romantic Venice, where she finally meets the man of her dreams, the elegant Renato Di Rossi. But when she learns that her new paramour is leading a double life, she must decide whether her happiness can come at the expense of others. Reeling from withdrawal effects after a pharmaceutical drug trial, a reclusive aspiring illustrator sets out to form a relationship with an outgoing gal despite his continuous efforts at solitude and isolation. Parker is uncertain if he suffers from anxiety, but as the medication leaves his system he can barely perform daily tasks. Struggling with withdrawals and anxiety following a pharmaceutical research study, Parker wants nothing but to be left alone. Following a chance encounter with Teresa, a young woman with whom he previously crossed paths, he attempts a step in the opposite direction. When Kevin is witness to the holiday heartbreak of his life, Brad and friends come to the rescue with a disastrous guys night out. An anthology featuring the worst shorts you have ever seen. Shorts featured are The Pizza Who Rapes People 1-3, Cocksucker the Movie, Ungabunga, and The Fantastical Banana Spider Hero Boy. Konecki works here with none other than Andrzej Saramonowicz who makes his debut as a film writer with this film that one could view as a spoof of today's cinema, focusing mainly on the part of "O Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art thou Romeo?" Three very distinct groups and their stories play centerfold to the world of "Roaming Hungry". Wreath, a 24 year old mama's boy, is forced to leave his house to find a job by his mother. In this effort to find employment, he accidentally hits the first trace of zombie in the apocalypse, a zombified girl by the name of Sarah . Wreath takes care of the zombie in secret whilst feeding it and eventually falling in love with it in his garage. In a different light, a trio consisting of a girl named Stella and her two contesting love interests, Josh and Brendan find themselves trapped in a provincial park amidst the zombie invasion, struggling for survival. And last but not least, two stoners, Carl and Reggie venture on a vacation up a mountain to escape the looming apocalypse only to find themselves on the trail of a strangely agile zombie clown who will stop at nothing to devour the brains of them both. Zoe's regimented life is thrown into upheaval when she unexpectedly falls in love. In doing so, she is faced with making a series of choices whose outcomes not only impact on her independence but on the relationships with those most important to her. A story about 11 girls living in Paris. Each of them has its own problems: career, love life, children. Every girl has their complexes and virtues. They always look elegant, hiding their inner feelings. Will they reach all the goals and overcome all their difficulties?  Three middle-aged wealthy couples take vacations together in Spring, Summer, Autumn and Winter. Along the way we are treated to mid-life, marital, parental and other crises. A group of POWs in a German prison camp during World War II play the German National Soccer Team in this powerful film depicting the role of prisoners during wartime. When his best friend and podcast co-host goes missing in the backwoods of Canada, a young guy joins forces with his friend's girlfriend to search for him. He is cute. He's shrewd. The girls love him. The cops hate him. He can't speak but is always talked about. His naughty antics will make you scream, but he will never listen. Cos he can't! Next summer ride a rollercoaster of emotions with Barfii - the Chalu Chaplin! To promote their book Bosnian Flat Dog, Swedish comics creators Max Andersson and Lars Sjunnesson tour the countries of former Yugoslavia with a mummified Marshal Tito in a refrigerator. They encounter a number of artists, musicians, publishers and other characters populating the post-Yugoslav indie cultural scene. As the journey continues through increasingly improbable surroundings, the protagonists begin to question themselves and the reality they find themselves in. Watching border controls turn into improvised snapshot sessions, admiring mutant iron-curtain Disney toys, buying souvenir grenade shell handicrafts and discovering sniper art in blown-out apartments, they find that truth may indeed be stranger than fiction.  In a Bronx dispatch the aspirations and misdeeds of cab drivers, call girls and low level thugs collide in one wild night. 1994. Felipe, Burunga and Deco are three young friends who want to enjoy the carnival. To do this, they take an old 1970s van, used to sell hot dogs, and leave Sao Paulo for Bahia. Martin is a young Argentinean piano virtuoso and composer. For four years, he has been a patient of El Borda psychiatric hospital. Music filled up his life. Now he is trying to return to life outside the asylum walls, while working on his new opus, "Enfermaria". Julia, an online vlogger from Germany, comes to the US to visit her cousin Hannah. Upon her arrival, Julia falls fatefully ill, prompting Hannah's suspicion of the strange and sudden illness. When unusual happenings start taking place in her home, Hannah begins a relentless internet search to discover the cause. She comes across Julia's vlog entries and finds herself immersed deep in the web - too deep - in a place where terror knows no end. As a traveler searches for a place called Confidence, he keeps running into other versions of himself. The adolescent sons of an expatriated Chinese physicist visit her in the United States, while she and her colleagues pursue the development of a massive particle collider with which to understand the origin of the Universe. A queer Science Fiction, that engages the utopian impulses of the genre, not through the imagining of another world, but through the rendering of this world as Other. All subjects are treated as alien, or as radical others, who search for, or advance different ideological, psychological, or sexual ideals of belonging. Subjects oscillate between the contemplation of past societal traumas and idealizations of futurity that refuse to synthesize or resolve, but instead reveal a troubling satire of the present. Rangan Style is a Kannada Romantic Comedy Drama film written and directed by Prashanth S starring Pradeep and Kannika Tiwari in the lead roles. This film also starring Sudeep in an important guest role and also starring Rekha Das, Sadhu Kokila, Gurukiran, Sharath Lohitashwa, Tabla Nani and others. It's a right of passage for a young man called Jake who has never been out in his life and his friends decide to take him on a trip of a lifetime. Due to a chemical weapons experiment gone wrong, the entire Earth became afflicted with total color blindness. A scientist finds a formula to correct the eyes perception of color, but as he is about to release it to the world, sinister forces murder him and steal the formula. Or think they have. They didn't steal the main piece of the formula and will now stop at nothing to get it! Monochromia is a comedy of greed, corruption, greed and more greed. Originally broadcast live on October 31, 1987, the "WNUF Halloween Special" is a stunning expose of terrifying supernatural activity that unfolded at the infamous Webber House, the site of ghastly murders.  Local television personality Frank Stewart leads a group of paranormal investigators including Catholic exorcist, Father Joseph Matheson and the prolific husband-and-wife team Louis and Claire Berger. Together, the experts explore the darkest corners of the supposedly haunted Webber House, trying to prove the existence of the demonic entities within.  Did they find the horrific truth or simply put superstitious rumors to rest?  Compiled from the highest quality source material available, this trailer is for the first official release the program has received since its initial broadcast.  Trouble ensues when a new theatre-restaurant owner discovers the backer to be a harmless and moneyless lunatic. When Ricky Miller, a single, quiet 40-year old aspiring writer and manager of Debbie's (think Denny's) and probably the last person you'd notice in a crowd is 'hit by lightning' and meets the love of his life, the beautiful Danita on E-Happily.com, he is catapulted into a relationship online but it's a lot more than what he bargained for - this includes being asked to kill! Hounded by his best friend Seth who thinks no "10" would even go out with a guy like Ricky unless she had ulterior motives (or needed glasses), Ricky starts to get skeptical himself. Turns out, Danita confesses she's actually married to a handsome affable crime novelist and former Rabbi, Ben Jacobs. Is Danita telling Ricky the truth when she says wants to leave her husband but fears for her life if she does? Will Ricky go through with the plan to kill him so he and Danita can live happily ever after? Dr. Hess Green becomes cursed by a mysterious ancient African artifact and is overwhelmed with a newfound thirst for blood. Soon after his transformation he enters into a dangerous romance with Ganja Hightower that questions the very nature of love, addiction, sex, and status. An American-born Chinese economics professor accompanies her boyfriend to Singapore for his best friend's wedding, only to get thrust into the lives of Asia's rich and famous. Angelo "Snaps" Provolone made his dying father a promise on his deathbed: he would leave the world of crime and become an honest businessman. Despite having no experience in making money in a legal fashion, Snaps sets about to keep his promise. Garden Lovers is a documentary love story about Finnish couples who have a passion for gardening. The film with comic undertones looks at their stories behind the hedges.  The garden provides a framework for tales of relationship conflicts and joys; it depicts the many ways in which life can flourish; it gives strength and unites, but it also becomes a meeting place for farewells. There is an invisible bond that grows between the couples in the film; they comment and comfort each other with their own stories. With ruthless US and Japanese investment banks circling Tuftons, a struggling two-hundred-year-old, family-run British bank, can its bumbling, incompetent chairman, Sir Charles Bunbury, fend off the onslaught and save the bank? Raketeros shares the adventures and misadventures of a group of middle-aged male friends Berto, the cable guy; Mando, the billiards player; Mulong, the driver; Julio, the all-around singer; and Andoy the 'religious.' The five are gathered to do a simple task of delivering an expensive gown to their rich friend's mansion. However, a series of hilarious mishaps puts them and their task in jeopardy. A retrospective documentary on filmmaker Andrew Leavold's debut feature, 'Lesbo-A-Go-Go' (2003). This is the tale of a man with big ideas but no budget who assembled a crew and set out to make a faux sixties exploitation film, the kind of film he would want to see though sadly at the time due to the niche nature of the subject matter very few else did. Despite its entrapment in distribution limbo for over a decade, 'Lesbo-A-Go-Go' has garnered a minor cult reputation internationally and this documentary explores the film's sordid production history as well as its enduring legacy. A no-holds-barred tell-all tale with interviews from cast, crew and industry professionals interspersed with never-before-seen alternate takes, bloopers and behind-the-scenes footage from the film. A put upon, knife wielding vigilante, Hectic Knife protects the city from scum, baddies and a new super villain bent on world domination, Piggly Doctor. Bruce Sweeney (Last Wedding) directs this keenly observed and wickedly funny media satire about a self-absorbed sports-radio shock jock whose controversial social-media missive makes him the target of network scrutiny. This hilarious, grotesque, and unique adult animated feature chronicles visual artists Seth Scriver and Shayne Ehman's trans-Canadian road trip as they encounter dull violence, rampant consumerism and unbridled eccentricity in small towns all over this wide, weird country. Desperate, broke, and out of ideas, four college seniors start a fake charity to embezzle money for tuition. Following the death of her parents, a Girl returns home to confront the monsters of her past. When governments fail to act on behalf of captive missionaries, ex-Green Beret John James Rambo sets aside his peaceful existence along the Salween River in a war-torn region of Thailand to take action.  Although he's still haunted by violent memories of his time as a U.S. soldier during the Vietnam War, Rambo can hardly turn his back on the aid workers who so desperately need his help. Directed by Vijaya Prasad. A foolish man down on his luck is befriended by another man who lost his eye in a brawl. Little does he know that his new, one-eyed friend is scheming to steal his eye and has enlisted the help of his nurse friend (Ruby), who works in an organ-trading hospital. When big news comes in for the constant bachelor Shawn, he makes it a mission to visit everyone who has shunned him for years. This includes his old friend Greg - a children's musician living in the cozy, domestic confines of Brooklyn. After the two old friends hit some hilarious re-acquainting pains, they soon hit the American road for a trip that will show them the gifts and the costs of real friendship. 7 nightmarish films. A brute shows a local boy hell through his haunted ax, the streets of Madison are stalked by a deranged sexual psychopath, Ed Gein is resurrected as a dentist with a penchant for extraction, the flipside of the American family screams itself to life, and an elicit drug transforms a singer into the angel of death!!! Hole in the Wall brings the nasty underbelly of life right into your home. With friends like these, who needs enemies? That's the question bad guy Porter is left asking after his wife and partner steal his heist money and leave him for dead -- or so they think. Five months and an endless reservoir of bitterness later, Porter's partners and the crooked cops on his tail learn how bad payback can be. Paranormal Activity Security Squad is an indie comedy starring Bianca Van Damme (Welcome to the Jungle, U.F.O.), Sean Stone (Savages, Greystone Park), and Alexander Wraith (Orange is the New Black, Taken 3) as a group of 'ghostbusters' who are more hucksters than paranormal experts. However, when the P.A.S.S. team confronts real demons, they are forced to call upon sorcerer Mason Pike (Stone) for help in their investigations, which ultimately lead them to the doorstep of the devil himself.  Ooejo agricultural high school is located in Hokkaido. Most students are from families involved in agriculture and their dreams are to continue working in agriculture. Meanwhile, Yuugo (Kento Nakajima), who graduated from a prestigious middle school, applied to the Ooejo Agricultural High School just because the school has a dormitory.  Yuugo, who grew up in the city, finds himself in an unfamiliar environment at Ooejo Agricultural High School, surrounded by nature and animals. Yuugo is also the only one who doesn't know what type of career he wants to pursue. Yuugo becomes impatient.  He goes through struggles everyday, but he he also gets to know the other students and rural life in general. He begins to grow as a person. Another collection of adventures for Winnie the Pooh and his friends in the Hundred Acre Wood. In this instalment, Roo wonders why the snowman he has built keeps getting smaller, while Piglet is surprised that a cave is talking back to him. After his movie and television career has run dry, Bruce Madsen (Adam Carolla) is forced to go back on the road playing one dingy comedy club after another, spending endless nights in budget hotel rooms and always flying coach. Amidst trying to revitalize his career, rekindle his love life and put his daughter through college, Bruce knows one thing for sure - he must get off the road. ROAD HARD is the story of that journey. One year after outwitting the FBI and winning the public's adulation with their mind-bending spectacles, the Four Horsemen resurface only to find themselves face to face with a new enemy who enlists them to pull off their most dangerous heist yet. What happens when six lucky strangers, three handsome young guys and three beautiful sexy young women, from all over the world, win a random contest-- an all expenses paid trip to an amazing beach house in glamorous Malibu, California, thanks to a big Internet company--only to discover they have to share it with each other. Gopan, a tourist guide's life takes a change as an unintentional statement by him lands his rival, Kuraichan, into the police station and ruins the later's family life. When a 747 crashes shortly after take-off, the sole survivor is the pilot. Virtually unhurt, he and the investigators look for the answers to the disaster. Meanwhile mysterious deaths occur in the community and only a psychic, in touch with the supernatural, can help the pilot unravel the mystery surrounding the doomed plane. Six college students from different universities around the country are selected to participate in Econo Air's annual, company program to compete for an internship. Each student has dire reasons why they need to land this position that comes long with pay and free tuition. For these reasons, and others- they cannot see the craziness that's going on all around them in the company.  not available Two kids look to throw an ambitious dance show in order to save their struggling youth center. Demon hunter, Jebediah Huntley teams up with an FBI agent to battle a supernatural force in the southern state of Mississippi. No description Two people in love, two apartments - one in Barcelona and another on in Los Angeles - and the images of their past, present and future. Can love survive 10,000km? A fake news broadcast that aired on FX, related to Dark Horse Comics' "Hellboy" universe. Comical trip to Corse reminiscent of A very bad trip. A newlywed couple journeys west to make their fortune, and begins a banking empire. The first of it's kind in the history of film- a live-action comedy, set to a major historical event, "Mile High" follows comedian activist Adam Hartle as he documents the legalization of marijuana in Colorado from the historic vote, to the landmark opening of the first ever marijuana shops. First time director Anthony Hashem delivers and unbelievable performance both behind the camera and in front, in what many people are calling the greatest comedy documentary of all time. when two kids try to hang out, other stuff happens. Johanna works as a journalist on a women magazine. But her boss is an idiot, her salary is ridiculous and her husband has left her for a younger woman. With a great life crisis she decided to try a new medicine. Jean and Sheryl are getting married. He is Afrikaans. She is Jewish. Their families are tense and Lukas, the best man - has been on a drinking spree and forgotten to confirm the band.  To complicate matters more, the ancestral ring has been delayed because Sheryl's relatives are lost en-route to the wedding.  At a time when Orica is saddened over her inability to fulfill her role as a Lavateil, or one who can control magical powers through singing Hymns, Laina's airship comes crashing down upon her from the sky. Both of them search for an engineer to repair his airship, meeting Cruze. In the process, Laina inadvertently teaches Orica that the key to singing a successful Hymn is to want to help others from the bottom of one's heart. Steph has been possessed by the spirit of the Evil Lord Zasulground and it's up to Steph and her best friend Liz Lucky to defeat it. Come in. Have a drink. DIE. When Bobby accidentally kills his wife before a get together at their home, he stops at nothing to hide the evidence from the arriving guests, even if it means murder. Join Cilla Black for a lorra lorra laffs as she takes a look back at the wild and wacky moments from 'Blind Date' over the years, including hilarious bloopers and fluffs which never made it to the screen. While vacationing at a beachside resort, a single mother faces inevitable separation anxiety when her 15-year-old son -- who is also her best friend -- discovers magical chemistry with a girl his own age. Though no one can see him, Hollow Face lurks in the corners, desperately desiring love but only knowing how to spread fear and hate. He creeps into the life of John Farrow after Farrow's beloved 13-year-old daughter Mia is assaulted in their home. The line between the real and the imaginary blurs as fissures start to open within the family unit. It seems that no security measure can keep Hollow Face out. Follows a pair through a day in Brooklyn as they play 'Roshambo' (rock, paper, scissors) to determine their fate. In this dark comedy, an idealistic young man volunteers at a crisis counseling center staffed by a group of con artists, low lifes, and misfits and discovers that before he can save the world, he may have to save himself. Raja Huli (Kannada: raajaa huli) is a 2013 Indian Kannada-language comedy-drama film directed by Guru Deshpande and written by S. R. Prabhakaran. Produced by K. Manju's home production, the film is a remake of the Tamil film Sundarapandian (2012) which was produced and enacted by M. Sasikumar.[1] The film stars Yash and Meghana Raj in the lead roles. The soundtrack and score for the film is composed by Hamsalekha [2] The film, which made its theatrical release on 1 November 2013, co-inciding with the Kannada Rajyotsava festival An extraordinary black comedy that explores the limits of survival and absurdist political power games. The story takes place in times of elections in Mexico. A candidate for Governor runs over a pregnant migrant. After the accident, and to avoid a possible scandal, he hides her in a building he owns. Pressured by his political boss and so as not to ruin his political career, the candidate evicts the migrant. In a non-realistic style, the film focuses on the stories that surround the migrant during her search for a room. A radical film, with a critical gaze, that reflects the spirit of contemporary Mexican society. Ben, a frustrated writer, has decided to end his life. But when his suicide attempt is unknowingly interrupted by his neighbor, his life is thrown in disarray following a series of misadventures that will bring his world truly upside-down, giving him the reality check he needed. After being hit by a car, a woman comes home to realize her friends don't really want to take care of her. Desperate for help, she turns to an unlikely source. A case of mistaken identity results in unexpected romance when the most popular girl in high school and the biggest loser must come together to win over their crushes. A demonic nun unleashes HOLY HELL when she summons the devil to possess a MAN-EATING SHARK!! Channing has it all: a beautiful home, a rock star lifestyle, and a loving husband intent on ruining it all by knocking her up. A lot of things happened in the life of "Yolki" hepes during the last year, but here it's again - the New Year's eve... As Spud Milton continues his awkward stagger through adolescence, he learns one of life's most important lessons: When dealing with women and cretins, nothing is ever quite as it seems. "I'm practically a man in most areas," writes Spud confidently on his sixteenth birthday. The year is 1992 and, in South Africa, radical change is in the air. The country may be on the bumpy road to an uncertain future, but Spud Milton is hoping for a smooth ride as he returns to boarding school as a senior. Instead, he discovers that his vindictive arch enemy is back to taunt him and that a garrulous Malawian has taken residence in his dormitory, along with the regular inmates and misfits he calls friends. Spud's world has never seemed less certain; he attempts to master Shakespeare, wrestles constantly with his God, and the power of negative thinking, and develops an aversion to fried fish after a shocking discovery about his grandmother, Wombat. A coming-of-(old)-age story about Peter Anton, an elderly "outsider" artist living in isolated and crippling conditions whose world changes when two filmmakers discover his work and storied past. Shot over eight years, ALMOST THERE documents Anton's first major exhibition and how the controversy it generates forces him to leave his childhood home. Each layer revealed reflects on the intersections of social norms, elder care, and artistic expression. Like Don Quixote, Zivan Pujic Jimmy fights for his annual punk festival. A film about failure, ambition, friendship and clinging to your dreams. Glavonic received much praise for this exceptional film that doesn't reveal what's fact and what's fiction. It's story of Abril, a mysterious woman with a particular life-style that she stands in the way of Bruno, a Chilean young man who lives in Peru and he's passing through an existential crisis. Abril's philosophy impacts to Bruno. One day, he decides to leave everything, including his job and his girlfriend. Suddenly, Bruno tries to follow Abril's life-style, no suspecting the real reasons why she turns her back to the world. In a post-apocalyptic future where humanity has fallen apart, a group of scientists and an animated sign complete the construction of a new human race and meet a groundhog climatologist who prepares them for their mission to restore balance to the decimated Earth. Amid the threat of nuclear proliferation, global warming and terrorism, the earth's creator tries to reconnect with mankind by returning to the planet and hosting his own variety show. When Davis Green's (Joseph Cross) alluring young cousin Alexis (Adelaide Clemens) appears on his doorstep one night, he discovers that a side of his family has been kept secret from him. Against his father's wishes, Davis travels to rural, upstate New York to meet his other cousins. While wrestling with a taboo attraction to one another, he and Alexis attempt to reunite their families, uncovering the reasons behind a long-standing rift and the shocking secret that tore their fathers apart. Together, their discoveries force them to confront the temptation to keep their familial grudge going rather than end it. A dysfunctional family travels to Cuernavaca, to celebrate their grandmother's birthday. One pretends to have a boyfriend she just met. Another has a girlfriend who is in love with one of his brothers. Another can not stand the way the grandmother treats him but he has been afraid of her for so long...until now. Camilla and William are not able to adapt to the Norwegian welfare paradise. When the authorities want to take Camilla's baby, the two drifters run away into the woods. There, William suggests that Camilla becomes a prostitute so they can buy themselves a camper and drive to Spain. But in order to sell sex they need a house. On a dark and stormy night in a secluded cabin in the woods, a young man faces challenges while trying to relieve his boredom. Paul is done with love - until he meets Lena. Now he has to convince her family on Mallorca of himself being the right one for their daughter. Lena's mother though would prefer Patrick by her side, a hedge funds manager and Lena's ex-boyfriend. Paul is challenged by Patrick to a duel among men and is glad that his three best friends are there to support him... Two brothers are brought together again by the death of their father. They try to distract the mother from her loss by convincing her to make dumplings for them and their friends. They fake an enormous demand just to keep her busy, not knowing what to do with all the dumplings ... A funny comedy about the unforgettable adventures of two young Moscow girls. Flyover Country is a comedy drama about life in the midwest. Todd and Russ, two twenty-something college students, meet in a contemporary English literature class. Soon they become good friends, but that friendship is tested when Russ finds out that Todd is openly gay. In addition, their lives become more complicated when all of Russ's family &amp; friends begin to believe Russ is also gay. Things don't go well for Todd either once his religious conservative sister and family find out the truth about his sexual orientation. Surrounded by polarized family and friends, Russ and Todd's paths continue to cross as they both search for a better life in Flyover Country. A widower is surprised to learn that his late wife lead a double life. The first feature-length documentary about Moe Berg, the enigmatic and brilliant baseball player who turned spy for the U.S. Office of Strategic Services (OSS) during World War II. A honeymoon retreat goes south when the newlyweds find a group of rowdy friends in THEIR cottage! Apparently the cottage is double booked and neither side willing to leave they tough it out, but in the morning things go from bad to worse... Back in 1968, Bucky and the Squirrels topped the charts with their dance hit 'Do the Squirrel.' Unfortunately, on their first promotional tour, the plane carrying the band crashed and disappeared somewhere in the Swiss Alps - never to be heard of again. That is until now, 50 years later, when the plane is discovered with the Squirrels still inside - frozen alive. Naturally, they're taken to a cryonics lab to be defrosted. Long Live the Squirrels! A coming of age story about a washed up twenty something year old, the onetime hometown hero and track star, who is convinced by a local sweetheart to run a marathon and get his life back on track. Jonah is a true nerd turned successful businessman who is living the dream with two gorgeous women named Sharon. But the dream gets too real when he meets the third Sharon and falls in love. A woman who is fed up with her mundane lifestyle hatches a scheme to make her family instant celebrities by having her ex-boyfriend kidnap her 11-year-old daughter for a month. After months staking out high profile mafia figures in New Jersey in 1981, undercover FBI agents Joey Caruso and Davee Price get more than they bargained for when a video camera comes into their possession. They embark on a wild ride in discovering the truth behind this group and suddenly disappear, never to be seen or heard from again. Fast forward decades later when the survellience video reappears. Will this shed light on their lives and answer the mysteries from long ago? An English bon-vivant osteopath is enchanted with a young exotic dancer and invites her to live with him. He serves as friend and mentor, and through his contacts and parties she and her friend meet and date members of the Conservative Party. Eventually a scandal occurs when her affair with the Minister of War goes public, threatening their lifestyles and their freedom. A farce based on Arthur Wing Pinero's play 'The Magistrate' in which the son (John Mills) of a stern magistrate (Will Hay) visits a music hall against the wishes of his father. In true farcical style, the magistrate too ends up at the music hall, and before long all the characters are trying not to avoid each other... Mainly notable (a) because of its depiction of the music hall as seen by a generation which knew it intimately (b) because of its use of music hall acts of the time and (c) because it gave Will Hay his first film role. Beth, a bookish teenager, befriends Emilia, an aspiring novelist who has just arrived in town. Emilia soon begins an affair with Beth's father that threatens to have devastating consequences. Four wealthy, middle-class friends (Clive Swift, Edward Petherbridge, Anna Cropper and Sylvia Kay) gather for a Christmas dinner in a country cottage only to find that the past will not rest while they feast. War Chhod Na Yaar is India's first war comedy movie, set on the backdrop of India-Pakistan war. Suraj a painter who is called to paint Asha's adult image who was lost in her childhood but the housemaid requests him not to do as there is motive of killing behind this so to bluff the culprits Suraj paints image of his dead wife Chanda. Giorgio believes that wearing the right "look" is the means to rise above one's condition and shoplifting is the only way he knows. Giorgio is apprehended, goes to jail and in order to get out he agrees to a rehabilitation program with Chanel Borden, a young badly dressed New York heiress, arrogant about her wealth and breeding and obsessed about getting her PHD. Sparks fly as they reluctantly fall for each other and he discovers the designer buried within. A girl whose family is in crisis finds a time shifting way to help herself.  A young girl is institutionalized by her abusive stepfather. Retreating to an alternative reality as a coping strategy, she envisions a plan which will help her escape from the mental facility. Edward must choose between his life as an unemployed teacher separated from his wife and a new life with an exotic dancer and millions of dollars. Caleb Peterson has it all-a great job, plenty of money, and a fine fiancee in former model Paisley Terrell. They're all set to get married just as soon as she signs a prenuptial agreement, but there's just one problem..."Paisley don't do pre-nups!" As war wages and trusts start to crumble, it turns into a battle of the sexes. After a shocking presidential victory flings an anti-gay Christian warrior into the Vice Presidency, Ethan  must grapple with his fear of the future and decide how many bridges he's willing to burn, and how far he's willing to go to do something about it. New York concierge Doug Ireland wants to go into business for himself and refurbish a hotel on Roosevelt Island, N.Y., but he needs an investor. With a few weeks left before his option on the site runs out, Doug agrees to help wealthy Christian Hanover conceal his affair with salesgirl Andy Hart from his wife. Despite his own attraction to Andy, Doug tries to stay focused on getting Christian to invest $3 million in his project. After the human race has been wiped out, Del lives in an empty town, content in his solitude and the utopia he has methodically created for himself, until he meets young Grace, who wants to stay with him. A youth in middle of self-discovery, offending with his father, just discovering his sexuality and hiding it again. A boy who's often lonely loses a loved one and is in love with the wrong one. A young woman is brought to her breaking point by her abusive boyfriend. Since he won the lottery, Pancho, a Jack Russell Terrier dog, lives a life full of luxury. His personal assistant manages his fortune. After trying to strike a deal with Pancho to make him become a star of the toy industry, Investor Montalban will try to kidnap Pancho by any means. Pancho will discover real life dangers, and understand real wealth is in friendship. Three store owners discover their strip mall has been gambled away to a thug who loves to bowl. After unsuccessful attempts to pay the thug back they enter a bowling tournament to win the money, despite having no previous bowling skills. Boning up for the finals, the girls of CSU won't stop 'til they drop their tops for a pop quiz, and prepare to go all the way down on any oral exam. Guided by the University's randy faculty, these busty beauties are on the brink of a grab-ass graduation, but first they must impress their naughty professors. Will they earn their Bachelor's Degree in the boudoir, a Master's in making out, or will they go on to the coveted PhD - which, at our school, means Pure hotness, Dude! An adaptation of the FIXI novel "Zombijaya" by Adib Zaini. The novel itself is inspired by AMC's television drama series "The Walking Dead". The film tells the tale of slacker Nipis who becomes a reluctant hero when a zombie outbreak robs him of the only life he knows. Over fifty very famous American and Canadian funny people (filmmakers, writers, actors and comedians) share life and professional journeys and insights, in an effort to shed light on the thesis: Do you have to be miserable to be funny? 1977: Industrial ghetto "Steel City" is under siege from organized crime, corruption, and a new synthetic drug called "Voodoo Blue". When news of a drug sting leaks to the wrong people, Detective Cal Beefer becomes a casualty - despite the protection of veteran cop Solomon Link (Ron Van Clief, "Way of the Black Dragon", "Death of Bruce Lee") When big brother Chuck Beefer comes to town, he wants answers! Chuck -once a cop himself- seeks to find the source of the leak and apprehend the killer and leading dealer of voodoo blue, a man named Afro Steele. Beefer delves deep into the seedy underworld of Steel City where he encounters Karate hit men, torturous drug lords, and a team of lovely yet lethal ladies known as the "Sisters of Sin".  When Ida, cheeks streaked by mascara tears, unexpectedly shows up at her sister's, the staid Alison bargains her way out of mom duty for the night and the two head off to an Eastside wine bar. There, they run into Will and the freshly divorced, sweatpants-attired Clark. After some slightly inebriated commiserating about mismanaged marriages and other adult concerns, the foursome head out into the night, careening from downtown lofts to pot dispensaries to midnight swims and back again, determined to prove they still have what it takes to have a good time. Jose Stern, an erstwhile indie-rocker relegated to playing children's birthday parties, is on the verge of turning 40 and at a crossroads in his life. A young woman struggling with daily life starts to wonder how her laid-back boyfriend gets to be so damn okay with everything. Tamako (Atsuko Maeda) graduated from a university in Tokyo, but she now lives with her father back in Kofu. Tamako doesn't help her father or tries to get a job. She spends her time just eating and sleeping throughout the four seasons of the year. Mathukkutty, an unemployed man, lives in Germany with his bossy wife. He is given a chance to travel to Kerala to invite famous actors for an event, but all hell breaks loose after his arrival. Kenny Wells, a modern-day prospector, hustler, and dreamer, is desperate for a lucky break. Left with few options, Wells teams up with an equally luckless geologist to execute a grandiose, last-ditch effort: to find gold deep in the uncharted jungle of Indonesia.  Picking up exactly where the original left off. This 3rd installment tells the tale of Cindy and her little sister Candy fighting the good fight with the help of their friends against evil Dr. Carnage and his abominable sidekick, Max Assassin. Enter the darken, kaleidoscope colored world of the cartoon dimension where anything is possible. Where everyone is subject to a blood splattered crazy cartoon death The movie deals with a guy who gets to join the German Bundeswehr involuntarily because a colleague loses his denial papers in order to get the chance to get down on his girlfriend. When entering the Bundeswehr he acts like a giant idiot and of course gets in one room with some of the biggest losers around. The loser turns out to be a hero and leads his loser-colleagues to win a contest with the local US army squad. A wannabe private investigator wins the Green Card lottery and moves to America to pursue his dream only to find himself embroiled in a conspiracy to start the next world war. An American comedy film composed of nine vignettes where characters in a marijuana smoking lounge have conversations with people they have never met before.  After his mom's funeral, a boy encounters the odd girl next door, who insists they journey through space to find a planet for departed souls. Sam Flynn, the tech-savvy and daring son of Kevin Flynn, investigates his father's disappearance and is pulled into The Grid. With the help of a mysterious program named Quorra, Sam quests to stop evil dictator Clu from crossing into the real world. A camera crew catches up with David Brent, the former star of the fictional British series, "The Office" as he now fancies himself a rockstar on the road. Pals Danny and Frank spend the summer after high school working as lifeguards while figuring out their future. Ed learns, after a series of blackouts, that he has split personality disorder - and that his alternate personality thinks she's a woman. It's a movie about Hungover guys that get lost in a death match game: Each year, drunk people are selected to participate in torturous games the morning after a big night out. There's no sunglasses, no water, and no headache medicine. "The Hungover Games," a film that manages to merge the premises of both "The Hunger Games" and "The Hangover" ... and throw in references to "Ted," "Django Unchained," "The Lord of the Rings," "Carrie," "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" and whatever else crossed the writers' fevered brains during the probably very drunken "development process." Drew and his best friend Brett set out on a road trip to pose as ex-gay ministers using exuberant high jinks to scam churchgoers, all in order to raise money for his mother's experimental cancer treatment. Gone Doggy Gone is a comedic feature about a couple stuck in a lack-luster marriage who treat their dog like a baby. Working the grind in LA they leave little time for each other, and what free time they have they spend doting on the dog... until it gets kidnapped. What ensues is an outlandish cat-and-mouse adventure as they hunt down the kidnapper, enlist a schlubby PI, find a renewed love of each other, and conquer their fear of parenthood. A recent college graduate decides to sell marijuana on the streets of Manhattan after losing his job at a consulting firm. He soon meets the girl of his dreams. With an unsupportive girlfriend, an increase of clienteles, and the growing threats of being caught or killed, he soon realizes he is in way over his head. Oye Hoye Pyar Ho Gaya is a story of two fun loving friends Sharry (Sharry Mann) and Harry (Rana Ranbir). Sharry falls for Meet, who is daughter of Police Commisioner Shamsher  Singh (Yograj Singh).  Chamkila (Binnu Dhillon) who is also trying his chances on Meet gets envy of Sharry and tries tarnishing his image in front of Meet's family. After one two failed attempts, he finally succeeds in his mission leaving Meet shattered. One day, Koyomi Araragi encounters the horrifying vampire, Kiss-shot Acerola-orion Heart-under-blade A.K.A. the "King of Apparitions." He saves the fatally wounded Kiss-shot by offering his blood at the expense of his own life as a human. Now Koyomi has to face the vampire hunters to retrieve Kiss-shot's limbs which were taken by these hunters... Miri is trapped in her past and this time her whole past comes crashing back into her life: old dead secrets, her dead parents, and even the walking dead.  Miris return to Manila only brings her back to more trouble the personal kind. Even as a young girl, Miri believed she is responsible for her parents death and the guilt kept her from building healthy relationships with those around her specially with her younger brother Mark.  Miri Alvarez, is one of the best agents of an international group organized to protect scientists and inventors from a tech-grabbing group called The Agency. But Miri is hot headed and refuses to follow orders.  In one rescue operation, Miris refusal to follow protocol gets her long-time partner killed. Miri is suspended and sent back to Manila. In a remarkable turn of events, the result of the presidential election comes down to one man's vote. The Summit is a 2012 documentary film about the 2008 K2 disaster directed by Nick Ryan. It combines documentary footage with dramatized recreations of the events of the 2008 K2 disaster. On the way to and from the summit, eleven climbers died during a short time span creating one of the worst catastophes in climbing history. Much of the documentary footage was captured by Swedish mountaineer Fredrik Strang. Strang was planning to do a Documentary which was aborted due to the fact that he did not reach the summit. The footage was still valuable to help solving what really did happen since all the climbers had different stories about what happened. Sam, a soldier who had served in Afghanistan and Iraq, meets Amira when he visits her uncle, Bassam, who had served as Sam's Iraqi translator. Bassam and Sam have a special bond due to their time together in the war. Initially Amira does not trust him because he was an American soldier and her brother was killed by a bomb from American troops in the war. Sam's cousin, Charlie, asks Sam to help him with illegal hedge funds unbeknownst to Sam at the time. Amira is staying with her uncle Bassam since her father died. She sells bootlegged films on the street corner but is forced to stay with Sam after getting busted; immigration officials begin pursuing her. As the film progresses, Sam and Amira fall in love. Bad City is on the edge of falling into the hands of a madman, you dig? A strange and funky new party drug is killing kids left and right and that jive-ass, crooked city councilor Dominic Kincaid is behind it all. After murdering the mayor, Kincaid has his sights set on taking over and running the city his way, the bad way. Thankfully, the one and only superfly Detective Franky New Guinea and his new partner, the truly unruly Detective Reverend Grizzly Night-Bear, are here to make sure that Bad City stays groovy and is run the good way: the Bad way (it's different from the first bad way, and better). So get ready to boogie, cats, 'cause these cops are outta sight like dy-no-mite and the only thing they love more than sex, drugs, and growing body hair is taking down turkeys like Kincaid who threaten their BAD CITY. In religion and football-obsessed Alabama, a group of actors bond while producing an original drag musical. In the winter of 2012 a community theatre in Birmingham, Alabama mounted an original musical, 'Skanks in a One Horse Town.' 'Skanks' follows the actors and creators from rehearsal through performance and after, at work, at their homes, and with their families. The cast of amateur performers bond to form a family of sorts while creating the unconventional show in a conservative Southern city. The hero of this perverse comedy is Jerzy, a completely incurable romantic, who finds the love of his life in the voice coming from the navigation system in his car. Jerzy is a gadget-head, and loves all kinds of electronic devices - he gives them names, and then talks to them. This makes him fall in love with Carmen - the voice from his car-navigation system.  A black comedy about Chalo, a lone security guard who acquires his first gamecock and discovers the bittersweet taste of friendship. Five friends from Goa get lost during a journey to discover the lot of the childhood sweetheart of an old postman. Ram and Lakshman, aka Lucky, are brothers who are polar opposites in nature. Their mother wishes to see them united. Meet Rubel, fourteen years old boy smuggling rice from India to Bangladesh. He has to cross the river Ganga acting as the international border. The same river eroded his home in mainland. When a failed baseball player's ex-girlfriend moves back to the neighborhood with her seven-year-old daughter, he realizes he carries more regrets than how he handled his baseball career. Garralda is a troubled college student who only has to pass one last subject to obtain his academic degree. When his teacher catches him copying on a test, he requires him to perform a very unethical task in exchange for passing and thus achieving his goal. A Communist officer falls hard for a married woman trying to escape from Hungary. Charles Brady and his mother, Mary, are the last of a dying breed whose needs are not of this world.  They are Sleepwalkers - able to stay alive only by feeding on the life-force of the innocent, but destined to roam the earth, avoiding discovery while searching for their next victim.  That search takes them to the sleepy little town of Travis, Indiana, where beautiful teenager Tanya Robertson is about to become an unwilling pawn in their nightmarish fight for survival. Lysistrata leads the women of Greece in a revolt against the male establishment calling on them to ban sex in order to stop a bloody conflict. A bold, visual, highly accessible, no-nonsense approach to the contemporary staging of a classical text An innocent college student is tossed into a jungle hellhole where she must fight for her life against an evil wardress, psycho inmates, voodoo experiments and the incredible torture machine. A talentless teen will do anything to get on TV's "The Voice." Meanwhile, her father, a municipal worker, creates an uproar when a video of his rants at City Hall goes viral. Baris, Cenk and Deniz prepares a surprise party to celebrate Ayhan's birthday. Ayhan is lack of love, unemployed and he doesn't have a goal in life. Baris is engaged and has to do his military service. Deniz has to marry a girl, whom his pious father arranged for him. And Cenk is about to be a father soon. These four men who are in different stages in their adult life, start to eat, get drunk, tell stories to each other, get blue, get angry, fight each other, confess their sins and sing songs to the sky on the raki table which was set in the sea at an Aegean bay from dusk till dawn. The third instalment of "Adnan Sempit" sees Adnan married to his childhood love, Nadia, and Bobby married to Wawa. Adnan, is also getting the hang of running his own business. However, the two couples soon realise that there is more to getting married than just sharing a home with someone. On Jake's first day of work at the comic book store he finds out that he has entered a strange new world where anything is possible. A disillusioned musician's romantic spark is ignited by a young trans man as they work together to save his community nightclub for the deaf. The streets of the Bronx are owned by '60s youth gangs where the joy and pain of adolescence is lived. Philip Kaufman tells his take on the novel by Richard Price about the history of the Italian-American gang 'The Wanderers.' DIE EXPATS explores love, loss and lust, identity and modern relationships. It is a story of four people in search of reclaiming a sense of self while navigating the knotted, overlapping space they occupy. When said space begins closing in around them, they realize the only way to get out, and not be squashed by it, is to examine their own intentions, and be willing to let go of the past, and each other. The saying goes, people come to Berlin to find what they want; but for this group, Berlin is the bearer of disillusionment. Perhaps in finding out what they don't want, Vivian, Nate, Sienna and Andreas finally uncover what it is they each truly need. A handsome, carefree yoga instructor has breezed through life, women, and jobs, but when he breaks up with his girlfriend -- who's also his partner at their successful yoga studio -- he's forced to face reality for the first time. A satirical look at LA's yoga culture that stars Josh Casaubon (I Just Want My Pants Back), Paget Brewster (Criminal Minds), and Kris Kristofferson (Lone Star). If you've mastered the 1- and 2-mile workouts, this 3-mile super workout will really challenge you. Your are going to get more of what you want-more fat burning, more whole body conditioning, more incredible results. This program will help you burn more calories, firm upper and lower body, improve coordination and balance, and boost that cardio strength. An ambitious soccer referee ends up handling a crucial match between two small Sardinian teams Zindagi Tamasha (Circus of Life) is an intimate portrait of a family as well as a scorching political commentary on little gods on this earth who police our private passions. After all the trouble in the first film, Tino and Jane have more fun adventures. Still tasting bitter failure, they see a light at the end of the tunnel with uncle Olavinho's unexpected inheritance. However, the will carries an unusual request: the rich uncle wants his ashes to be scattered throughout the Grand Canyon. The couple takes the opportunity of the trip to fulfill this wish and decides to go to Las Vegas and end up getting into comical situations. Big time spender Tino will fall into the greatest temptations and indulge in the casinos of the gambling city. Shiratori Tatsuhiko works as a scout for Burst, a talent agency in Kabukicho, Shinjuku's red light district. In a business where money means everything Tatsuhiko finds himself in a constant struggle between rival talent scouts and the yakuza. Thunder, an abandoned young cat seeking shelter from a storm, stumbles into the strangest house imaginable, owned by an old magician and inhabited by a dazzling array of automatons and gizmos. Not everyone welcomes the new addition to the troupe as Jack Rabbit and Maggie Mouse plot to evict Thunder. The situation gets worse when the magician lands in hospital and his scheming nephew sees his chance to cash in by selling the mansion. Our young hero is determined to earn his place and so he enlists the help of some wacky magician's assistants to protect his magical new home. When Emily, a librarian-to-be, is assigned to tutor Mateo, a struggling undergrad, in American Lit, they do not get along; but when the discussion turns from classics to confessions, they learn something that could change their lives forever. The film tells the story of two friends who want to disappear from life. While their country Belgium is falling apart, two lost souls cling to each other. A young journalist goes deep undercover within a mountain commune and becomes manipulated by a duplicitous cult leader. A sequel to the underground hit, Junkbucket, Junk Bonds picks up a year later as Junkbucket has found himself a family of phallic cannibals to join him in his quest to castrate most of Western Washington. On a brother with a burn-out and his two sisters. What does it mean: to care for each other? A shameless and present-day generation film. Faced with the injustices of this world, Margot has lost all hope in the future. Giving up on politics, she decides to entrust her fate to the Dardu, a legendary carp that supposedly predicts the future. But the lake's rules have changed: fishing is now forbidden. A young Australian woman reluctantly agrees to help a Chinese mother search for her missing daughter and becomes involved in human trafficking and the sex slave trade. Dani was always the good boy at school and is about to get married. He bumps into Timea Hajnal, who is now a top model but is trying to get over a humiliating break-up. After a few glasses of wine, they fall into each other's arms, which wouldn't be so bad on the face of it, but there's a tiny problem: Bogocs, the bad boy of the class, has been recording everything on his mobile phone, and he's thinking of using it to finally be able to fulfil his teenage dream - to sleep with Timea. He threatens to show the video to Dani's fiancee if he doesn't take steps to set things up for him with Timea. The pressure very quickly starts to have consequences for Dani's relationship with his bride-to-be, as she starts to nag him chronically. The wedding is fast approaching, and Dani has to do something... When another Mega Shark returns from the depths of the sea, world militaries go on high alert. Ocean traffic grinds to a standstill as everyone lives in fear of the insatiable beast. Out of options, the US government unleashes the top secret Mecha Shark project -- a mechanical shark built to have the same exact characteristics as Mega. A pair of scientists pilot the mechanical creature as they fight Mega in a pitched battle to save the planet. But when faulty mechanics cause the Mecha to go after humans, the scientists must somehow guide Mega to Mecha in hopes that the two titans will kill each other - or risk untold worldwide destruction. Sune and his family discovers an old painting that could be worth a fortune. There's only one problem, it lacks a signature. Follow the Anderssons in a wacky roadtrip through Europe, filled with crazy fun. What happens when the only son of a typical Nigerian family meets the girl of his dreams and she happens to be an English rose? All hell breaks loose. High school senior, Nick gets forced by his parents to attend a boring family party instead of letting him to go a local summer concert with his baseball buddies. He meets a group of teens--including a girl named Arti--who are all stuck at the party too.  They soon realize they all have tickets to the same local concert and hash out a plan to sneak out. Their scheme falls apart when they're met with another jealous childhood friend, a missing diamond necklace and a small religious ceremony put on by the adults.  Can they find a way out or is this family party the end of Nick's night? Having thought that monogamy was never possible, a commitment-phobic career woman may have to face her fears when she meets a good guy.  An action/comedy about two offbeat filmmakers reuniting the Asian bad guys from action films from the 80s and 90s, to carry off one impossible mission. A dramedy centering on Marz, a young twenty-something sorting her life out while teaching drama to young students and performing in a long-form improv troupe in Los Angeles. She finds herself on a road trip, reconnecting with those she cares about most. In the summer of 2021, a research group scouting for viable sites for development arrives at Armenaki Island, where people live with their own laws and their own moral values, having found happiness in a completely different way of life. A gambling addict faces a conflict when entrusted with keeping a bunch of money that isn't his. There's a fine line between man and swine! Murderous legend or deadly truth? HogMaul has been a part of rural Abrams County lore for sixty years. The townspeople are divided on the tale of the homicidal, hammer-swinging and head-smashing pig man. Is it just a story told by parents to frighten the children, or is the legend of the killer cryptid true? Watch as Abrams residents, local law enforcement, and an obsessed Cryptozoologist find out what really dwells in the dark forest. An elderly, yet young-at-heart man, moves in with his grandson, and both their lives turn upside-down. Director Franco Zeffirelli's beloved version of one of the most well-known love stories in the English language. Romeo Montague and Juliet Capulet fall in love against the wishes of their feuding families. Driven by their passion, the young lovers defy their destiny and elope, only to suffer the ultimate tragedy. Based on a best-selling novel by Michal Viewegh, Angels of everyday focuses on a few intimate family members: a recently widowed young doctor Ester; a school canteen cook and her son; a driving instructor, his wife, and their closest relatives. Dumped by her husband, longtime housewife Deanna turns regret into reset by going back to college. Winding up at the same school as her daughter, Deanna plunges headlong into the campus experience - embracing fun, freedom and frat boys. Manuel and Modesto accept an unexpected proposal and, in doing so, discover the exciting world of the Secret Agents! But during the mission their integrity is tested ... And the Lotoman realizes that sometimes it is difficult to do the right thing.  A group of aging London gangsters go on a vigilante killing spree when one of their number is murdered by a street gang. The Svensson family goes on a ski-vacation during the winter holiday. Sune, the family flirt girl-charmer, is yet again pulled into a difficult relationship and his father Rudolf is pushed into difficulty parent challenges while the little brother Hakan is up to no good. The big sister being ashamed of her family and the mother Karin tries to glue the family together and enjoy their vacation. 25 year old risk management analyst Ed Victori leaves his job in finance to start managing the art career of his father, Victor Victori. Henri was raised by religious in a convent and lived with them until the women, now elders, moved, leaving him alone. Henri fixes lamps. Since his young age, he's been replacing burned light bulbs and illuminates people's lives. After following signs, he finds himself working in a lamp company. Through his new work, he meets an old man trying to never forget his glory days and a blind woman, teller in an adult cinema, with whom he falls in love. Quatro amigos que so pensam em curtir a vida, com grandes farras, mulheres e bebidas, sao surpreendidos com uma acao de despejo. Precisando de dinheiro, a turma e obrigada a pensar naquilo que mais abominam: trabalhar! A confusao esta formada quando cada um busca um meio facil de conseguir dinheiro, com o minimo de esforco. Os dias se passam as confusoes hilarias so aumentam! The film tells the story of Asokan (Sreenivasan), a security in a hotel. Although his surroundings and friends grow, he has a zero growth. He is envious of rich people but he trains his wife (Sarayu) and children to lead a simple life in order to hide his jealous nature. Fortune favours him when he learns that he has inherited a huge sum from his ancestors. He gives up his job to live a lavish life and to make more money. Life changes for Asokan when he meets Rupa (Aiswarya Nambiar), an insurance company advisor. Martino is practically a man when, during an eye test, the optometrist and his mother discover that he never saw things quite in the same way they have. A pair of reformed gangsters try to find a husband for their newly discovered sister, but complications arise due to mistaken identities. Love Me follows Western men and Ukrainian women as they embark on an unpredictable and riveting journey in search of love through the modern "mail-order bride" industry. Two young friends from New York travel to Barcelona to get over the break up of one of them. But things won't go as expected and they will end up trapped in a house where they will have to fight an evil girl and the evil inside them. Into an era seething with war and revolution, a man comes with an incredible power to heal a nation...or destroy it. Based on the true story of one of the most powerful and mysterious figures in Russian history. A young Russian heiress of fortune is going to Armenia in order to finish the procedure of an arranged marriage she desperately needs. A battle between a young man, his dead mother, a telepathic space alien, and a bureaucratic government organization. In 1986, Fall Creek Valley is turned upside down by the disappearance of 10 year-old Bobby Maxwell. Twenty years later, he seeks revenge on his tormentors. With a fondness for gambling, Jim Saunders is given to neglecting his wife and child. One night during his absence at the saloon, Miguel Gomez, a Mexican outlaw, for whom $1,000 reward is offered, enters Jim's home and demands food of Mrs. Saunders. Amamoto travels from his small village to Osaka to find his estranged daughter. When he meets a friendly young woman, she gives him a unique guide of the big city and helps him in his search.  During a terrible storm, a jaded couple gets stuck in a house with a charismatic woman who threatens their relationship, and their sex-crazed male best friend. Through this ineluctable isolation, their true humanity surfaces. Comedy about Frank, a hermit with Tourette Syndrome who is thrust into the harsh realities of the world when his caregiver dies. After recognizing that Frank is despondent, the caregiver's teenage daughter, Laura, drags a reluctant Frank along on a life-changing road trip with Laura and her friends.  -  Garrett M. Brown, Rachel DiPillo, Mary Kate Wiles A group of friends at a Jerusalem retirement home build a machine for self-euthanasia in order to help their terminally ill friend. When rumors of the machine begin to spread, more and more people ask for their help, and the friends are faced with an emotional dilemma A drunk uncle attempts to score with his flirtatious step-niece on Christmas Eve. Soloman Crow pays a visit to his god fearing, bible quoting, closeted homosexual brother and his sexually repressed wife. He enters their home with a proclamation to kick a drug habit that almost cost him his life. Broke, it doesn't take Soloman long to start conning and scheming his way around the city to feed his ravenous cravings for dope and sex. Even his brother's wife isn't immune to Soloman's mind games... If you want a hero with redeeming qualities, look somewhere else. A young woman who yearns for intimacy and family lives platonically with her gay ex-boyfriend while caring for the children of divorcing parents. Elena (Kasia Smutniak) and Antonio (Francesco Arca) seem not to be made for each other. They are too different in terms of character, life choices, worldview, and the way they relate to others. They are total opposites. However, they are overwhelmed by a mutual attraction they're trying hard to avoid; but to which they succumb to. This dramedy on relationships also gets a very credible performance from Paola Miraccione, who plays the tragic, albeit funny, character Egle. On the day Toma Kamijo and Index see Academy City's space elevator, Endymion in the distance, they meet a Level 0 girl with an amazing singing voice, Arisa Meigo. As the three enjoy their time together after school, magic-user Stiyl Magnus suddenly attacks them. His target: Arisa. Why would a girl from the science side be targeted by someone from the magic side, Toma wonders. In the chaos of Stiyl's attack, he tells Toma, Index and Arisa that she might cause a war between the magic side and the science side. 'Salala Mobiles' is an eternal love story between a mobile shop owner and a girl who is a regular customer at the shop. 'Salala Mobiles' is a simple story rendered straight with a tinge of humor and social satire. Christian is a divorced father who can only see his young  daughter Vanessa every other weekend.  When he meets the single mother Christine and decides  to participate in a summer TV show, his whole life is  turned upside down. A washed-up music producer finds one last shot at redemption with a golden-voiced young girl in Afghanistan. However, when jealousy gets the better of a disgruntled ex-boyfriend, he decides to oppose the young star with talent of his own. A documentary that chronicles Pras Michel's 9-day experience as a homeless man in downtown Los Angeles. Given a dollar a day to live, his worldview is shattered as he sees firsthand the fight for survival on the violent streets. A man wakes on the ceiling of his bedroom and breaks a lamp to alert his wife to his predicament. She puts on her heavy boots, unstraps herself out of her bed and uses a hook on a pole to drag him back down. The next day he goes to his job where he works as a deodorant tester, sniffing the armpits of exercising test subjects. On this day though, he faces an event that will change his life forever.   Can two serial cheaters get a second chance at love? After a one-night stand in college, New Yorkers Lainey and Jake meet by chance twelve years later and discover they each have the same problem: because of their monogamy-challenged ways, neither can maintain a relationship. Determined to stay friends despite their mutual attraction, they make a pact to keep it platonic, a deal that proves easier said than done. In a last-ditch effort to break through in the crowded and convoluted indie film world, a husband-wife producing team make a film especially designed to win a regional film festival and attract the attention of actor Bill Murray. The world's biggest stoner, Oliver, loses a high profile car, forcing him to steal an ice cream truck and enlist his wacky friends to help track down the thief before it's too late. What seems like an innocent wine tasting weekend turns into a bizarre, wicked, sensually overheated debauchery, culminating in a murderous grand finale evening and fateful morning after. Jack, an easygoing grad student, posts on a campus bulletin board: 'Driving to San Francisco for Spring Break. Anyone Want a Ride? Split Gas.' The ad is answered by Oliver, a suicidal freshman, who secretly just wants a ride to the cliffs of Big Sur to jump off and kill himself. As they cruise up the Pacific Coast Highway, Jack makes it his mission to break Oliver out of his own head, while both attempt to conceal their ulterior motives for the trip. Miriam, Derek, Ian, and Jenny are overachieving high school students doing everything by the book. Straight A's, sports, yearbook, band, and - when coursework allows - planning and executing elaborate murders. Lawrence Shaw is a run of the mill guy who just can't get accepted for being who he is. He's not straight enough for his job where he sells testosterone fueled ad campaigns to beer companies and he's not stereotypically gay enough for his boyfriend. To make things worse, his father Elijah just died and his last dying wish was for Lawrence to go on a road trip with his extremely homophobic half-brother Kevin to bury his ashes. It's a heroically dumb journey of brotherly love and acceptance that begs the age old question... Can you truly accept someone else when you can't even accept yourself?" The Last Buck Hunt is a horror-comedy about a hapless TV crew and some killer wildlife. Family is an institution. Sometimes, you gotta break out. This is the story of how 17-year-old Candy finds the courage to walk away from everything she's ever known with the hope of discovering a better tomorrow. The movie is a comical social satire portrays a 'Guru' and a 'Shishya' trying to change other's viewpoints and make them walk on the right path. A story of love and life among the landed English gentry during the Georgian era. Mr. Bennet is a gentleman living in Hertfordshire with his overbearing wife and five daughters, but if he dies their house will be inherited by a distant cousin whom they have never met, so the family's future happiness and security is dependent on the daughters making good marriages. Two, very different, brothers are reunited for their father's funeral. But, when they arrive at the crematorium nobody is there, not even the corpse, except for Chloe who introduces herself as their sister. The last train travel of the year from Barcelona to Madrid, suddenly stops by a voltage drop in the middle of nowhere during a fierce snowstorm. Because of the peculiarity of its passengers, will begin to emerge hilarious conflicts between them.  A blue-collar construction worker is left alone to care for his infant daughter after his wife dies. Air Sex: The Movie is a documentary about the American social phenomenon known as The Air Sex Championships. Think Air Guitar, but instead of pretending to play a musical instrument, participants pretend to have sexual encounters with an imaginary partner (or partners). Entering its sixth year as a nationally touring roadshow, and billed as the world's first "spart," Air Sex combines the pageantry and prestige of sports with the creative arts of storytelling, pantomiming, and improvisation.  Directed by Jonathan Evans (Sunken City), the film follows Air Sex tour producer/host, New Orleans comedian Chris Trew (America's Got Talent, Comedy Central), as he attempts to convince crowds of excited, confused, and inebriated audience members to sign up and become part of the bizarre spectacle. A heartwarming, quintessentially British adventure for all the family, PUDSEY THE DOG: THE MOVIE follows cheeky London stray dog, Pudsey, who is quite happy being a lone ranger, looking out for number one, until he meets siblings Molly (Izzy Meikle-Small), George (Spike White) and Tommy (Malachy Knights). After losing their father, their mother Gail (Jessica Hynes) is moving the family to the sleepy village of Chuffington and Pudsey tags along, to the dismay of their landlord, Mr. Thorne (John Sessions), and his cat Faustus. As Pudsey starts to settle in with the family and realize what he was missing when he was alone, he stumbles across Thorne's evil plan and he determines to save them and the whole village. In the winter of 2117, a runaway vehicle crashes into the Public Safety Bureau Building. The driver is identified as Izumi Yasaka, a psychological counselor at the Sanctuary, a Latent Criminal Isolation Facility in Aomori Prefecture. But right before her interrogation, Enforcer Mika Shimotsuki and Inspector Nobuchika Ginoza are tasked with promptly escorting Yasaka back to Aomori. What awaits them there is a False Paradise. An aspiring singer dreams of making it big in the music industry. Joe Mazzello, best known for his acting roles in Jurassic Park, HBO's The Pacific, The Social Network, etc, wrote and made his directorial debut with this story based on his brother's experience as a collegiate baseball star who was skipped over in the Major League Baseball draft. Story centers around an intramural baseball game with his misfit teammates that becomes incredibly important to him as he tries to come to grips with his dashed dream. Minnie Goetze is a 15-year-old aspiring comic-book artist, coming of age in the haze of the 1970s in San Francisco. Insatiably curious about the world around her, Minnie is a pretty typical teenage girl. Oh, except that she's sleeping with her mother's boyfriend. Following a radioactive accident in outer space, an astronaut is transformed into a sentient blob of meat who devours everything and everyone in its path. Four young friends play hooky from class, and get locked in the school basement by the class snitch. Drama about a 12-year-old boy who fantasises about having enough money to be able to cure his grandmother's serious heart condition. When he finds himself in a haunted house, the mysterious owner 'grants' him one wish - the Midas touch. The boy soon learns that it is more of a curse than a blessing when everything he touches turns into gold. A wealthy broker, Federico Picchioni, within two days forfeits his partner and work, finishing well to living with two children and granddaughter (abandoned by her father). He is, at this point, in the face of many difficulties of adjustment but finds comfort in the help of his neighbor. IT'S NOT A DATE tells the story of Carly and Milo, a couple in their twenties on their first date. Although "It's not a date" but more of a casual meet at a local club; it begins as a classic girl meets boy saga with casual conversation that escalates to a night of passion. It evolves, NOT into a romantic partnership or a parting nod, to "bad chemistry" but instead with Carly. Frustrated with a life full of bad dates and believing that Milo is the worse of them she takes Milo on a detour into insanity so extreme he wishes "It's not a date." On the eve of Nikhil and Karishma's engagement, Karishma's wealthy father, Devesh Solanki, expresses his disapproval, believing Nikhil to be a lackadaisical young man. With one week to prove himself worthy to marry Karishma, Nikhil and Karishma's sister, Meeta, grow closer to each other. An easy go lucky guy and attempts pickpocketing for livelihood. After falling in love with the lady, the hero gets into trouble and how he wins over the circumstances is the story. "EVERYBODY'S BUSINESS" is a light-hearted satire on Singapore and Singaporeans from different walks of life.  When Singapore is hit with a widespread bout of food poisoning - with at least fifty victims - everyone is sent into a tizzy.  How on earth could something like this happen in Singapore?  And who's responsible? It's no secret that people from the big city look at northern Florida as a backwaters filled with unpredictable and somewhat scary "rednecks" packed into beat-up pickups drinking moonshine. That's exactly how a New York modeling agent and his hot new client feel when their car breaks down in the middle of nowhere, miles away from everything but a strange rundown motel and a dive bar ruled by loads of leering locals and a scary alligator hunter. David Cork (Lachlan Woods) is a lowly data processor slaving away in the cubicle wasteland of Endo Bank's notorious Data Processing Centre, the DPC. But his real passion is manga. David is obsessed with the superhero Foxy Chaos - and he aspires to meet her creator, Takuya Fujimoro. David's manga dreams are shattered when a sinister Russian HR guru arrives at the DPC. Max Menkoff (Noah Taylor) has big plans and no worker is safe from his "method". Murder, chaos and office zombies take hold! Only David, in alliance with the brilliant and determined Ruby Jackson (Jessica Clarke), can stand in Menkoff's way. But what is the Menkoff Method? And what does it mean for David Cork? During school break, there was a rule that students must leave their school dormitories to return home. However, a group of students who love to visit haunted places to challenge ghosts, gathers their gang for another trial. Their place of choice was the Daeng Building, which has a history of being one student's tragic suicide spot. After the suicide, the building was abandoned and became restricted to all students. Without thinking twice, the group decides to explore the place and challenge the supernatural beings there to "make them shudder", which leads to a chain of unforgettable and horrifying events. Marian is a factory worker determined to leave the assembly line behind and move up in the world. The film looks at the life of a mentally handicapped man. We have many human aspects of this man and everyone around him. All About Ann celebrates the achievements of larger-than-life Ann Richards, who became the first elected female governor of Texas. Her cool demeanor, acid wit, and passion for social inclusivity made her one of the most powerful and progressive governors in U.S. history, a liberal democrat intent on building "the new Texas." But, when the 1994 election begins, Richards is faced with her toughest challenge yet, as an increasingly conservative majority turn towards a new, pro-business candidate: George W. Bush. An ordinary man takes revenge only to find it's made him the target of a major crime lord and his army of psychopaths and professional killers. A romantic comedy loosely based on Jane Austen's 1815 novel Emma. Emma is now a pop culture loving, rom com obsessed, Zen seeking Wiccan lesbian living in New York City and working in a magic shop called Enchantments. In this re-telling of Jane Austen's classic we see bi-racial families and relationships and lgbtq relationships and realize that love is love. It doesn't matter how one loves, as long as it's true. It's a shiny, happy, campy love story like you've never seen before. A group of eccentric retirees' lives are turned upside down when their beloved apartment complex is suddenly sold out from under them. Aging actor Lester Rosenthal (Gabriel Byrne), who has lost his way with his career, with his family, and with his friends (Nathan Lane, Frances Conroy, &amp; Boyd Gaines) finds out that the way out is through.  Oddball hot dog vendor Albert is shocked to find himself becoming the bizarre muse of enigmatic NYC photographer Ivan Worthington. But shocks come his way even more so when he finds out how difficult is is to succeed in the art world, leading him to take his own photographs that suit his very unique - and very limited - skill set.  Raghava is a fun-loving youngster who enjoys playing cricket with his friends. But at night he is afraid of ghosts and is always confined to his home under the care of his mother (Umashri). His brother (Achyuth Rao), sister-in-law (Shruthi) and their children live together in the same house. When Raghava and his friends go in search of another ground to play cricket, they find an abandoned field, which, it turns out, is haunted. At home, his mother and sister-in-law witness some strange happenings. With the help of a temple priest, they confirm the presence of a ghostly spirit haunting their home. Raghava begins to act funny and shows effeminate behaviour which is when the presence of the ghost is identified. The film goes on to unravel the mystery of the ghostly Kalpana and her relationship with Raghava. Three years after the demise of Jurassic World, a volcanic eruption threatens the remaining dinosaurs on the isla Nublar, so Claire Dearing, the former park manager, recruits Owen Grady to help prevent the extinction of the dinosaurs once again. A senior official of the Mexican political system decides to fake the capture and death of The Coyote, public enemy number one in Mexico, to make this happen, he cuts a deal with his family, who require a dead body to pose as a double. Topillero is responsible of executing the plan. But on this journey he is reunited with his wife and son, whom he abandoned years ago. Follows the story of a group of high school teenagers and their parents as they attempt to navigate the many ways the internet has changed their relationships, their communication, their self-image, and their love lives. An ordinary guy delves deep into counterculture, conspiracy theories and the like as he tries to discern the structure of society. In 1983, a group of High School students in a day of detention must run for their lives when a teacher in a wheel chair turns out to be an ex black ops soldier having a murderous flashback. Madalena is 30 years old and is abandoned by the love of her life a mysterious Spaniard named Ricardo. With the support of her best friends she tries to forget him, and find true love. When a couple sets out to build their dream house, they enlist the services of an uncompromising modernist architect, who proceeds to build HIS dream house instead of theirs. An in-depth look at the torture practices of the United States in Afghanistan, Iraq and Guantanamo Bay, focusing on an innocent taxi driver in Afghanistan who was tortured and killed in 2002. Nami is a young woman with numerous hangups sprouting from a dysfunctional childhood. She inherits a small fortune that allows her to pursue various interests, many of which are abnormal. A Beverly Hills girl falls for a Venice Beach street clown called Chaos and must overcome her inhibitions and become a clown herself for the relationship to survive. A recently dumped divorcee in his late-twenties sets out to plan a wedding-sized divorced party in an attempt to get his life back on track. Renato Zucchelli is the last travelling shepherd left in a metropolis, and he has a dream: to lead his flock of sheep to the inaccessible city center to meet the children who have never seen him, showing them that dreams and freedom will always exist as long as there is still space to believe in a last shepherd who conquered back his city together with only his sheeps and the power of imagination.  A comedic film that explores the trials, tribulations and triumphs of Filipino-American couple on a universal love trip, one that does not discriminate against color, stature or culture. It is a celebration of the Filipino experience from a foreigner's perspective, and simultaneously, the realization of the American dream through a Filipino's eyes. Four nobodies brought together by a quirk of fate decide to rob the house of a rich man. But things turn crazy when they arrive at his doorstep and find that the man is actually bankrupt. Aaron and Chris are new found best friends who work at a local haunted hayride, but their friendship is questioned when they develop a crush on the new girl at work. When the lights of the city go dim, all of the kitties are let outdoors to prowl. Holding a meeting, they come up with a plan to rid themselves of a neighboring dog. The cats proceed to torment him, chase him with a water hose, and try feeding him.  After years away from home, and receiving news of his parents' deaths, a disillusioned Occupier is forced from his tent in Zuccotti Park to upper middle class Texas, where he must repair his two sisters, his past, and himself. The ever versatile Kazuki Kitamura stars as masterless samurai Kyutaro Madarame, a feared swordsman who has fallen on hard times in old Edo. Caught between two warring gangs in an epic battle of cat lovers and dog lovers, he begrudgingly accepts the canine faction's offer to assassinate the opposite leader's beloved pet: an adorable white cat. Yet upon raising his lethal sword, he cannot bring himself to go through with the act, and the cat melts his ronin heart. But before finding peace as a newly minted cat person, the still fearsome Madarame will have to take on both gangs in a classic samurai street brawl. A nervous, twelve-year-old Clint is having trouble enjoying his first date with Sally. For weeks, he has been practicing for his first kiss and now, the moment is almost upon him. He must make the right move or live a life of regrets and a missed opportunity. One man does all he can to veil his Asian heritage; the other takes great pains to hide his sexual orientation. Both of these things begin to change when Ryan is hired to prepare film star Ning for a fashion shoot, and the men develop a bond.  A German businesswoman falls for an American pro wrestler she meets at the dog park, testing her lifelong obedience to her CEO/father. After the passing of director Jesus Franco the movie was finished by Antonio Mayans. It follows "Al Pereira vs. the Alligator Ladies". Four small-time two-bit character actors, all close friends, are competing for same important part in the next Martin Scorsese mob film. Down on his luck, a sophisticated ladies man agrees to take an unusual assignment escorting an older academic for an evening out. The night takes an unexpected turn as the two learn something about women they never knew. Potugadu is a Telugu film directed by Pavan Wadeyar. It is a remake of the Kannada film Govindaya Namaha which was also directed by Pavan Wadeyar. It is being produced by Sirisha and Sridhar under Ramalakshmi Cine Creations banner. Though it sounds incredible, little Ulises with only nine years old, from one day to another grows an enourmous mustache. This situation, appearing to be ordinary, starts a series of extraordinary events for him, his mother and his best friends. From this moment onward with the company of a bunch of very curious characters they will have to face this hairy adventure. A woman in her thirties who wanted more of life jumps into an extramarital affair, only to lose her husband, her job, and finally her lover as well. However, she thinks she should start anew and have fun no matter the consequences. Gabrielle is a young woman with Williams syndrome who has a contagious joie de vivre and an exceptional musical gift. Since she met her boyfriend Martin, at the recreation centre where they are choir members, they have been inseparable. However, because they are "different," their loved ones are fearful of their relationship. As the choir prepare for an important music festival, Gabrielle does everything she can to gain her independence. As determined as she is, Gabrielle must still confront other people's prejudices as well as her own limitations in the hope of experiencing a love far from the "ordinary". Remake of the popular Disney classic, this time featuring some well known voices as two dogs and a cat trek across America encountering all sorts of adventures in the quest to be reunited with their owners. A body conscious photographer, Adrian, concocts a scenario in which he attempts to project his insecurities onto those who mock him. Hired by Adrian, his professed muse Mira and five other girls begin to question who is using who when it becomes clear that the not so normal mind of the photographer himself isn't all the girls have to worry about. Ted DiBiase Jr. takes a journey through pro-wrestlings past to tell the faith-based story of his father's rise, fall and redemption. Andrey is a handsome veterinarian with a successful Moscow pet clinic. Popular with ladies among his upscale clientele, he is forced to leave town when the jealous husband of one of them hires a hitman. The continuation of a funny adventures of a heroes of "Bitterly!". During a layover in Albuquerque, work colleagues Les and Natalie discover more about each other than they ever thought possible.  Anxious and irritable, Les is drawn back into the city by past experiences he can't forget (even if he doesn't really remember the particulars of his previous drunken adventure).  Natalie, refusing to leave his side, follows along as her own secrets are slowly revealed, leaving her feeling both vulnerable and unbound. Popovich is an ex circus legend struggling as a street performer in the wild west streets of Las Vegas. When his junkyard home full of stray animals gets into trouble, he and his animal buddies use all their circus tricks to save it. What does it take to admit your overprotective mother is right? Annabel, young and free-spirited living in San Francisco, faces this awful truth when her mother, Joan, unexpectedly visits from her small Midwestern hometown. When Annabel's elderly neighbor passes away, Joan insists it's murder. Annabel dismisses the theory as Joan's usual hysteria about big city living until Annabel herself stumbles across another body right before it disappears. Without evidence for the police, Annabel blunders through a comical investigation with Joan as her only ally and a murderer who may be on to their amateur sleuthing. Maricel Soriano and Eugene Domingo co-star with Billy Crawford and Andi Eigenmann as lovers set to get married.  However, theres one stumbling block: Their mothers (that is, Maricel and Eugene) are against it. The two moms are revealed to be mortal enemies because in their younger years they fell in love with the same man.  The young lovers hatch a plan to reconcile their feuding moms. The tragedy: The mothers get lost in a remote island where they are forced to work together and settle their issues if they have to survive. They do become friends again.  What they dont know is that their children are on the brink of separation. Four generations of a Jewish immigrant family create Russ and Daughters, a Lower East Side lox and herring emporium that survives and thrives. Produced to coincide with the 100th anniversary of the store, this documentary features an extensive interview with two of the original daughters for whom the store was named, now 100 and 92 years old, and interviews with prominent enthusiasts of the store including Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, actress Maggie Gyllenhaal, chef Mario Batali, New Yorker writer Calvin Trillin, and 60 Minutes correspondent Morley Safer. Rather than a conventional narrator, the filmmakers bring together six colorful longtime fans of the store, in their 80s and 90s, who sit around a table of fish reading the script in the style of a passover Seder.  - Written by Julie Cohen Three brothers Mitch, San, and Dee along with childhood friend Carl are all looking for fortune, fame and an escape from the poverty stricken world they live in. The three brothers use cocaine as their vehicle of escape. Middle brother San has dreams of becoming a huge rapper. He shares this dream with his educated, completely legal friend Carl Finley who is San's manager. The dreams of all four come true but at a very expensive price. Watch relationships become destroyed, families jeopardized and integrity compromised as this tale unfolds. Lloyd Kaufman and the Troma Team struggle against incompetence, conflict and "the man" in order to complete their latest piece of art, Terror Firmer. The documentarians hold nothing back in the fight for truly independent cinema. One summer morning, 12-year-old Arnold Hillerman and his 17-year-old brother Eugene wake at dawn on their family's Montana farm. In a nearby pasture, Arnold's gun fires accidentally. His brother is killed instantly. Isolated by emotions he can't comprehend, Arnold must now come to terms with his grieving family - including his angry father, his frightened mother, his antagonistic uncle and his gentle, straight-talking grandfather  - while his family must come to terms with Arnold. Harikrishnan is a geeky software professional who suffers from an obsessive compulsive disorder. A harthal day sees him travelling to Trivandrum for a conference, and in the midst of the night, he ends up at Paravur railway station with two strangers - Gopalan  a veteran politician and Narayani a social worker - for company. Greyhawks Rugby Club is under threat from land developers, and Dave's position as chairman is being challenged by an extremely loud Australian. The faithful few have gathered on the morning before the election to watch England in the Rugby World Cup Final and tensions are running high for more reasons than one Why does Jake, the first team prodigy, leave the room every time Jonny Wilkinson takes a kick?  After a symphonic music career in Europe cut short by hearing loss, Ao (Oizumi Yo) returns home to run his family's farm in Hokkaido alongside younger brother Roku (Sometani Shota). Roku carries on the family legacy of wheat farming, but Ao becomes obsessed with starting a winery specializing in Pinot Noir. The brothers' troubled relationship is upset further when one day mysterious yet charming Erika (Ando Yuko) pitches camp in a neighboring field.  A Drop of the Grapevine is the second of director Mishima Yukiko's Hokkaido Trilogy, an intended triptych that features the natural bounty and scenic landscapes of Japan's northern island. As the staff of Good Friends Church Camp prepares for a spring break filled with "Fun Under the Son", a demon logger rises from his sap boiler to wreak his vengeance and feast on flapjacks soaked in the blood of his victims. Lou, a creative and dreamy 12-year-old girl, lives alone with her mother in an orange building with tons of little balconies that give access to the roof. Mina has been her best friend since kindergarten, and Lou has been in love with Tristan, one of her neighbors, since elementary school. Her mother has relinquished her own personal happiness of late so as to devote herself to her daughter, but their little bubble bursts when Mom meets a man and Lou at last dares speak to Tristan. On his 50th birthday, a man who's been watching his weight, health and temper all his life suffers a heart attack. He's been doing everything he was told he should do and it still didn't help. He decides to turn the page and let loose. A couple goes on a hike in the woods, and the woman refuses to return. When the little haberdasher Arras discovers she's won 18 million in the lottery and can now afford anything she wants, she has only one fear: losing the small joys of life made simple it cherishes above all. But fate is obstinate, and this is giving too long this good fortune will trigger it, despite herself, a hurricane that will change everything. Everything except her. Thirty-year-old Ben is about to marry Juliette. His quiet, ordered life will fall to pieces when he meets up again with the person he secretly wants to see the most: Vanessa, the high school bombshell who never so much as looked in his direction.  She's back in Paris, and the only person she now knows is him... When Mary's boyfriend Ted invites her out to a fancy restaurant, she's convinced he's going to pop the question. But instead of getting hitched, Mary gets dumped. To cheer her up, Mary's friends take her to see a psychic who casts a spell to reconnect Mary with her ex-boyfriend. The only problem is... Mary didn't say which one. She bumps into her college boyfriend Patrick, and despite feeling he's completely wrong for her, she slowly falls for him again. Ted soon realizes his mistake and wants Mary back. Mary is torn between her two exes: Mr. Right on paper, and Mr. Right for her. Max Simkin repairs shoes in the same New York shop that has been in his family for generations. Disenchanted with the grind of daily life, Max stumbles upon a magical heirloom that allows him to step into the lives of his customers and see the world in a new way. Sometimes walking in another man's shoes is the only way one can discover who they really are. Rachel is an intelligent, modern-day woman constantly on the move. Primarily focused on her career as a diplomatic consul for the U.S. embassy, she's literally lived her life on the move, globe-trotting from city to city. Currently working in Mexico City and set to leave for London, Rachel's world turns upside down on the eve of her own goodbye party when she gets drunk and passes out on the street. Saved by Alejandro, a handsome Mariachi singer and single father, Rachel wakes up in his apartment with no recollection of how she got there. Nor does she remember that she rejected his visa the day before, which he desperately needs for his daughter. Romance unexpectedly blossoms between the two, but either sparks or fists will fly after she finds out his secret. John (Arya) and Regina (Nayanthara) are forced into wedlock against their wishes. Both undergo a rough patch initially in their marriage as they are not able to get over their past romances.  Prior to their marriage, Regina was in love with Surya (Jai), while John romanced Keerthana (Nazriya). What leads to the Arya-Nayanthara wedding? How they forget their romantic past and finally come together forms the rest of the story. CUAK, which roughly translates to 'cold feet', follows the story of Adam on the verge of getting married and having second thoughts as he goes through the events that lead up to this moment - how they first met, the in-laws and best friends and making tough decisions such as converting ones religion to get married. The film is uniquely told by 5 directors who each direct each of these events as segments of the film, combining together to make one full narrative in a variety of different styles - ranging from drama and comedy to noir and mockumentary - making CUAK a truly Malaysian movie with themes that resonate with a universal audience regardless of race or religion. Yuuta and Rikka are in their third year of high school. One day in Spring, Touka declares that she will take Rikka to Italy with her, as her job has stabilized there and thinks they should migrate together as a family. Touka is also worried about Rikka not being competent enough to advance to universities in Japan. The gangs from the club suggested Yuuta, who doesn't want to be separated, to elope with Rikka!! A runaway drama throughout Japan begins. Marika Katou, a third year student at Hakuho Girls' Academy, is a legitimate space pirate with a Letter of Marque. Between her studies, leading her school's space yacht club, working part time at Cafe Lamp, and being the captain of the space pirate ship Bentenmaru, Marika's days are very busy. One day, Marika gets a job to rob a high-class passenger ship, and she discovers that on the passenger list is Kanata Mugen, a boy who owns a "galaxy pass". Thus, an adventure featuring a hyperspace race between pirates and one young boy begins. Arnaud, facing an uncertain future and a dearth of choices in a small French coastal town, meets and falls for the apocalyptic-minded Madeleine, who joins an army boot camp to learn military and survival skills to prepare for the upcoming environmental collapse. Intrigued and excited by Madeleine's wild ideas, Arnaud signs up for the boot camp himself. They soon realize that the boot camp is harder than they'd imagined, but the experience nonetheless cements them together as the couple continues to explore their young love. The court horse Gaius Julius Caesar to his misfortune overhears boyars and learns about a conspiracy against the prince. What to do? Protect a prince no one! Heroes away - catch a robber Potanyu, Dragon on vacation, the army on maneuvers ... But if the bad guys are going to take over the world, to someone it is necessary to save him? Who is he, a hero who will come to the rescue? Of course, the horse Julius! This Strategy and the "grand strategist". He would save all, but if you do not save, then at least try. Most importantly, to the rescue of the world did not turn a complete disaster.  A 12-year old Anita falls in love with the new woman in town; years later, a girlhood crush blossoms during the Fiesta of Santa Clara in Obando, Bulacan. Six single women and a priest's lives intersect when a bingo marathon is launched in their church for the barangay fiesta, turning expectations and relationships upside down and inside out. The Muses' vocalist, Marthe, and her guitarist younger sister, Marie, discover hidden truths about fame, music, family and their own selves on the night of an all-important music competition. Director Yim Pil-Sung travels to Bali to shoot erotic horror movie "Beach of Madness". While shooting the film, Yim Pil-Sung becomes disappointed with the boring erotic scenes. He decides to bring in brilliant erotic film director Bong Man-Dae to add spice to the film. Bong Man-Dae's appearance on the shooting set in Bali makes the staff and cast nervous.All actresses are not happy with the situation at all. Bong Man-Dae demands more nudity for the erotic scenes, which goes beyond what the actresses signed up for. The actresses decide to oppose his decision. Troubled teenager Scott aspires to be a professional drag race car driver. Scott makes several faltering attempts to break into the world of drag racing with the help of his affluent businessman father Jeff. Undaunted, Scott decides to spurn Jeff's advice by branching out on his own by going on the road as a gopher for a successful drag race car driver. Directed by Amit Goren. Peter Hammer moves to Kennedy high school in an upscale neighborhood and meets the microcosm of school on the first day. Arty Samantha, Queen Bee Natalia, New Age Spencer, and hanger-on Andy. They're all anxious to graduate from Kennedy, but their uptight teacher Ms. Ghetty throws a curve ball by assigning the class a Senior Project, where they have to team up and present a topic at the end of the year in order to graduate. Boo, Miu and TT each are facing problems with life, friendships and love, and decides to go on their journey to Malaysia due to an attractive pay job. In the hope of returning with a wealthy lifestyle, they found themselves in the trap of mysterious lady Zhu Ge. They soon realized that their task is not as simple as it looks, Zhu Ge is not merely a troublesome rich lady, but there is a significant plot behind. The girls were forced to get into a brutal boxing tournament, and found themselves trapped in a huge underground maze. At the brink of death, they deftly fight the syndicate with the combination of high heels, bras and female intelligence, creating a wild comedy. Follows the journey of a 90-year-old atheist and the quirky characters that inhabit his off-the-map desert town. He finds himself at the precipice of life, thrust into a journey of self-exploration. A troubled rock star descends into madness in the midst of his physical and social isolation from everyone. Malcolm is a brilliant, callous businessman who is a vicious, overbearing father. Mark is the sales manager at Chamberlain Auto, the dealership that promises to do "Whatever It Takes" to put you in a new car. But on a scorching hot Saturday in the middle of the Phoenix summer, Mark has a chance to get his own dealership - and out from under the thumb of his father. Mark has to sell thirty-five cars by the end of the day. The question: Will Mark do whatever it takes - including betraying his sales team and himself - to get what he wants? When 50-year-old Milena finds out about the terrible past of her seemingly ideal husband, while simultaneously learning of her own cancer diagnosis, she begins an awakening from the suburban paradise she has been living in. Bloody Cartoons is a documentary about how and why 12 drawings in a Danish provincial paper could whirl a small country into a confrontation with Muslims all over the world. He asks whether respect for Islam combined with the heated response to the cartoons is now leading us towards self-censorship. How tolerant should we be, he wonders, of the intolerant. And what limits should there be, if any, to freedom of speech in a democracy. The film centers on a fight promoter (Mark Feuerstein) deeply in debt to his crooked rival. Desperate for a new fighter that will help him win back everything he owes, the promoter catches a break when a 450-pound church handyman (Paul "Big Show" Wight) who has spent his entire life in an orphanage agrees to wrestle on behalf of his fellow orphans. Comedy movie is about a Punjabi and Gujarati family. and their cultural clash. Gujarati is played by Paresh Rawal and Punjabi Played by Rishi Kapoor. A whiskey-fueled writing assignment takes one man on an epic motorcycle road trip through the bars and taverns across the American West. Riding a 1960 BMW R60/2, the journey leads Sanders from the red rock deserts of Arizona and Utah north to the mountains of Montana. With help of fellow traveler and sage, Northway and a variety of other colorful characters along the way, Sanders gets learns the way of the road and the zen of the bar. Two New York City children who launch a hilarious scheme to get what they most want this holiday season. Successful at work, Fernanda is an example of women of the third millennium, free to make their choices and independent. Yet in her personal life she finds herself struggling to find a husband. Like other women of her generation, Fernanda put her personal life on hold to devote herself to her career and now suddenly feels her love life situation has become an emergency.  Being single at 39 is quite different from being single at 29, after all "the fertile egg has an expiration date"! The story is based on the Muslim divorce system. The 1500 years old Muslim religion has its own rules and regulation for its followers as mentioned in Shariyat. According to Muslim Shariyat if once divorced couple decides to marry each other again, the girl has to marry a third person at first. They must spend one night and the next morning the groom will give her a divorce. Only then can the former couple marry each other. Muslims take this ritual as punishment for divorcing their loving partners out of silly anger. But sometime they take disadvantage from this rule. An inventor accidentally lands his mother in jail for child pornography with a teenage sex tape he kept. Hubert Wolfe, bestselling author, suffers from the writer's block for a long time. Thus, he often used a ghost writer, the talented but taciturn Dany. While the deadline for his next novel approaches, Wolfe still requires the help of his secret accomplice. But Dany is going through difficult times and finds himself before a blank page. So he hires a second ghost writer, Quentin, child care educator who lives under the yoke of his mother. Upon discovering her fiance cheated, Claire, a witty, driven fashion columnist, jilts her husband-to-be at the altar and goes on a retaliatory dating streak to avenge the city's women and give men their comeuppance! But when she runs into her first love, will he ignite the fire or put out the flames? After 5 years of calm, these foul-mouthed rappers returned with the release of their 6th album To The 5 Boroughs, the most eagerly anticipated new record of the year so far. This documentary includes exclusive and previously unseen film footage and in-depth interviews with the band and those that have worked closely with the Beastie Boys during their career, including close friends, colleagues, journalists, producers and musicians.  Outer space invader Yosemite Sam wants to capture typical earth creature Bugs. A crazy comedy from the high fashion modeling environment in the style of The Devil Wears Prada and Zoolander tells the story of two rival modeling agencies led by two icons of the Czech fashion scene, former friends, but for 40 years implacable rivals. In 1967, both participated in the Miss Czechoslovakia competition, but only one won and the other could not bear the defeat. Since then these two ladies, by now already of certain age, have had a brush with one another and have done spiteful things to each other. And they have been vying with each other in finding a new Eva Herzigova so that they could make a long nose at the other from international fashion catwalks. When beautiful young Martina appears, whose beauty literally takes everyone's breath away, they start fighting to get her into their "barn". Who will win? Is this fight going to deepen their rivalry? Or are these two quarreling "grandmothers" going finally to bury the hatchet and to renew their friendship? When a mafia accountant is taken hostage on his beat, a police officer - wracked by guilt from a prior stint as a negotiator - must negotiate the standoff, even as his own family is held captive by the mob. Dona Herminia is back, but now rich and famous since she is the host of her own successful TV show. However, the overprotective character will have to deal with her children's departures, as Marcelina and Juliano decide to move out. In counterpart, she will welcome, as a visitor, her sister Lucia Helena, who's been living in New York. With help from his guitars, comedian Nick Thune regales the audience of Brooklyn's Bell Theatre with a collection of hilarious stories about his childhood, his past romantic relationships and his experience with a burning building. Three friends compete for the attention of a beautiful woman. CHOPPING BLOCK follows a group of corporate guys who get laid off. Desperate times call for desperate measures. They decide to kidnap their ex-boss's daughter for ransom. Things take a bloody turn, when the boss's daughter just happens to be the only survivor of a masked psychopath. A masked psychopath still out for blood. Hilarity & bloodshed ensue... In 1973, 15-year-old William Miller's unabashed love of music and aspiration to become a rock journalist lands him an assignment from Rolling Stone magazine to interview and tour with the up-and-coming band Stillwater--fronted by lead guitar Russell Hammond, and lead singer Jeff Bebe. Kuduro (literally meaning 'hard arse') is an urban cultural movement that was born in Angola during the last decade of the Civil War. Created in discos and raves in downtown Luanda through a mixture between House and Techno beats and traditional Angolan rhythms, Kuduro spilled over from the center to the suburbs. It rapidly spread throughout Angola, through Africa and now all over the world. 'I LOVE KUDURO' follows the most idolized stars of this urban phenomena that today influences scores of young Africans. Local Kung Fu's plot revolves around Charlie, "an ordinary boy from Guwahati with a delicate stomach", his girlfriend and a number of madcap characters such as a wannabe local don and a thief who is rumoured to roam naked. Things couldn't be going better for Harry and Grace, a young New York City couple in love, until Grace's mother turns Harry's world upside down. A Universal Language, documents the exciting once in a life time journey of six Canadian comedians, among them Canadian comedy icon Mark Breslin, as they explore comedy, identity and history throughout the Holy Land and use the weapons of comedy to try an An obsessive prowler Jack (Jarratt)  breaks into the home of his victim Emily (Fairfax). Finding himself wounded then tied to a chair, Jack soon realises he underestimated his intended prey as the two engage in a night long tete-a-tete. Set in a village in Tamil Nadu called Silukkuvarpatti, VVS talks about the love between Bose Pandi  and Latha Pandi. While Bose is a carefree but spirited young man who doubles up as the leader of a local 'Sangam', Latha is the daughter of the village's head honcho, Sivanandi. Sivanandi and Bose don't exactly see eye to eye and added to this, Sivanandi is dead against his three daughters falling in love as he sees it as an insult to his status and standing in the village. A superhit hilarious comedy entertainer. Idhayakkani and Thamarai fall in love but their villages, Pulipatti and Kilipatti, have been at each other's throats for 50 years. Kani hopes to bring peace with their marriage but unfortunately, Thamarai's dad is killed by his villagers. And, now, she and her uncle Veerasamy want revenge. Tricked by a fraudster, Ajay and Anjali are forced to stay in the same flat. They gradually warm up to each other and start getting romantic notions but the arrival of Deepak, Anjali's fiance, puts them in a dilemma. Kathir (Udhayanidhi) a Madurai lad goes to Coimbatore with a purpose and very soon flips for the charms of a beautiful Pavithra (Nayanthara) who is their neighbor. But Pavithra is already in love with her friend Gautham (Sundar) who is 'not a nice guy'. Kathir who was looking out for his friend at college Mayil (Santhanam) bumps into suddenly and he turns love advisor for Kathir. Gowtham (Jiiva) has a troubled childhood once his mother goes astray. He develops a dislike towards women in general and would often been seen in a pensive mood. Things change for the better when he bonds with Sri (Vinay) and Baby (Santhanam) at school. They make a pact that they would never marry in life. When circumstances force Sri and Baby to deviate from this, the bonding of the trio breaks and Gowtham comes to understanding how his perceived misconceptions about life is so untrue.  Every January, the country's largest jigsaw puzzle contest is held in St. Paul, Minnesota. Wicker Kittens invites you to choose your favorite team and watch them try to put the pieces back together. Danny Masterson (TV's 'That '70s Show') leads a hilarious ensemble cast in a tale about two hapless stoners who get involved in a scheme to rip off a shady character named Mr. Big after the duo sours on rehab. A hypno-therapist in midlife crisis must tackle his own personal challenges before helping others and getting joint custody of his kids. Film is based on "Unified Estonia" which was a fictitious political movement created by NO99 Theatre and a large portion of the public treated as a real political force. Its convention, held for more than 7200 people, was one of the largest theatre events in modern European theatre history.  Kumaravel (Vijay Sethupathy) is a typical lower middle class youth who mainly lives in TASMAC bars. His friends and neighbors have nicknamed him Sumaar Moonji Kumar (Average-looking Kumar) and he is crazy about Kumudha(Nanditha), the girl staying opposite to his flat. It is one-way love and her father has sought the help of Annachi (Pasupathi) the local boss to find a solution and teach Kumar a lesson. On a parallel track Bala, another alcoholic (Ashwin) a smart bank salesperson is always under pressure from his boss (MS Bhaskar) and his possessive girlfriend Renu (Swathi Reddy) . One night the life of the principal characters gets entangled leading to the climax. Chinna Vandu (Dhanush), the youngest of three brothers, falls in love with Vana Roja (Nazriya) when she visits her grandmother, coinciding with the village carnival. After a few hiccups, their romance becomes mutual. Chinna Vandu has to then handle his family members, particularly his lovesick elder brothers, and also a dreaded goon who sets his eagle eyes on Roja. In JINGLE BELL ROCKS!, director Mitchell Kezin delves into the minds of some of the world's most legendary Christmas music fanatics and hits the road to hang with his holiday heroes - including hip hop legend Joseph "Rev Run" Simmons of RUN-D.M.C., The Flaming Lips' frontman Wayne Coyne, filmmaker John Waters, bebopper Bob Dorough, L.A. DJ and musicologist Dr. Demento, and Calypso legend The Mighty Sparrow. In his search for the twelve best, underappreciated Christmas songs ever recorded, Kezin both asks and answers the question, "Why, when Christmas rolls around, are we still stuck cozying up with Bing Crosby under a blanket of snow?" A videogame obsessive competes for the love of his life. Following WW II, a U.S. army officer stationed in West Germany is assigned with keeping classified information away from the Communists. Unfortunately, Red spies know that he suffers from sudden black-outs and use this to hypnotise him, and make it appear that he is a traitor. YOUR DAY IS GONNA COME is the story of a man damaged by his life experiences who builds up a mountain of bad karma taking out his frustrations on those around him until he shuts out all who love him and is left to face the consequences of his actions alone A love triangle is unraveled when a young painter is approached by an admirer who eases him into making sense of his relationship with his wife. When romantic Howard learns that the first love of his life has had a world of sexual experience before him, he decides there is only one way to truly understand her: host a gathering of all her former lovers. A Taiwanese drug mule has his foolproof smuggling method thrown out of whack when he catches a ride with the wrong cab driver. While looking for new tenants for his seaside villa, surrounded by a big garden, Andrea Ricoli, a 50-years old architect, meets Rossana, a newly 40-years old, anaesthesiologist at the local hospital, and married to Riccardo, ten years younger than her: he's an aspiring writer, temporarily employed as a salesman at a local shoe store. During an eventful New Year's Eve, Andrea introduces Riccardo to a Maghreb restaurant owner - who is interested in restoring an attic apartment - and his lovely sister Hikma. Months go by. Andrea discovers that Hikma is pregnant with Riccardo's child, while she's struggling with her old-fashioned, fundamentalist brother's mentality. He offers to help the couple and let them stay with him in his villa. Teaching him how to care for his garden, the young Hikma reminds Andrea of his wife Sofia, who passed away right there four years earlier, in unclear circumstances...  In rural Indiana, Noah and his impoverished family wrestle with the mysterious return of his now mute sister, Lauren, who was kidnapped and held captive for over a decade.  Set in Belfast against the backdrop of the 1986 World Cup, Shooting for Socrates tells the story of a momentous time in Northern Ireland's football history through the eyes of players, fans and the media. The film also follows the lives of passionate football supporter Arthur and his son Tommy from East Belfast. The lead up to a momentous day in the life of a young boy (his 10th birthday) mirrors the build up to the big day for the Northern Ireland football team as they play the greatest match of their lives. Daniel and Thomas are two friends who are trying to catch girls in various therapy groups. A college tour group stopped in front of a restaurant because a tyre was punctured. Fp (Boman Irani) is managing the "Michael Mishra ka Dhaba". While in the restaurant, one of the students asks Fp about the story of Michael Mishra.  The events of the movie are executed in a flashback by Fp. Michael Mishra is a young boy who is a talented tailor. Due to various events, he turns into a kidnapper. He falls for a girl, Varsha Shukla, at a very young age. He was arrested and sent to jail. After his release from jail, he searched but couldn't find her. He then finds her in a talent show.  The story revolves around how he gets his love and what he has to go through. A parody of the 2013 Chilean presidential election, where the 2 main candidates were both women. Revolves around a criminal prosecutor who penned the law on stalking in California and is based on the true story of a hot-head cop and polished district attorney who team to bring a stalker obsessed with her former lover to justice. Harry Spaghetti's friends throw a surprise party for Harry's 40th birthday. Emily (Sarah Paulson) and Ben (Eric Mabius) find their plans to marry on Christmas day coming apart at the seams when Ben is left to plan the wedding details after Emily is forced to go on a business trip. Though Emily, a perfectionist, is determined to have a fairytale wedding, she realizes that love is all that really matters when a freak storm threatens to keep her from making it home in time for the big day. A New York taxi driver stalks a beautiful actress attending the Cannes Film Festival, which coincides with a series of violent killings of the lady's friends. Kyoto in April. A timid and shy student, Watabe, is struggling to make friends and spending lonely days in a university. Concurrently, student life for Satomi Kumahori has also been hard, due to her overweight appearance. For Satomi, it is only Watabe who talks to her kindly and does not make fun of her. One day she takes advantage of Watabe and starts to live off him, literally like a parasite. While Satomi is using him as a slave, he falls in love with Nako, a girl he meets at work. At the same time, he accidentally learns about Satomi's past. The 1980s. Stephanie grows up in La Courneuve, on the outskirts of Paris, in a home where her mother is rarely there and her step-father is brutal. She quickly decides to escape her morose everyday life. Thanks to her grandmother's love, reading, her passion for dance, and for French pop-star Jean-Jacques Goldman, Stephanie copes in this colorful neighborhood where friendship is primordial. One day, she knows that she'll leave this place to lead the life she's always dreamed of. Two good friends find themselves in a predicament when their emotions get in the way of their friendship. The bizarre story of Elliot "White Lightning" Scott, who plans on becoming Canada's first action hero with his low-budget karate epic, Blood Fight. This surreal documentary captures two years in the lives of a passionate amateur filmmaker, his supportive partner Linda Lum, and their cast and crew of outrageous dreamers - all striving to achieve success. The lives of six roleplaying gamer friends are thrown into upheaval when one of them enlists to go to Iraq. A geek movie without the self-loathing. A cop(Jarrod Crooks)is demoted to watch his boss'(Greg Kuper)daughter(Katrina Simyab)while she is on vacation with a friend(Shannon McDonough) Self-centered twenty-something Penny Black (Astra McLaren) travels around New Zealand in an attempt to save her job and opulent lifestyle. Along the way she meets a guy name Guy (Anton Tennet); who makes her slow her down and question the world.  The tentative romance between a gentle Madrid labourer and a working single mother becomes a struggle for survival when the woman's violent boyfriend returns from prison, in the gritty, suspenseful debut feature from Spanish actor Raul Arevalo. Charlotte is from a family of beauty queens, but she has yet to win a title of her own. Her final chance is the Hiyas ng Dalampasigan Pageant, and her mother has taken steps to make sure that she wins. But her chances are dashed when the mysterious Samantha suddenly joins the contest. The two become bitter enemies following the contest, but they are soon forced by destiny to team up. It turns out the two have a hidden connection to a mystical past, and must work together to discover the truth about their heritage.  Chinna (Vishnu) is a very witty and resourceful person who knows how to get things done. As kids, Chinna and Piccheshwar (Vennela Kishore) have a tiff and Piccheshwar leaves the village in a huff. Piccheshwar's outraged grandfather (Kota Srinivasa Rao) orders the execution of Chinna's family, forcing them to flee as well.  As the years go by, Chinna grows into a tall and fearless young fellow. He applies for a job as a journalist and he is sent on an assignment by his boss Avatar (Posani). The assignment is to conduct a sting operation on Minister Dilleeswara Rao (Pankaj Tripathi). Chinna succeeds in capturing incriminating footage, but he is caught and thrashed by the minister's goons. A young boy whose parents just divorced finds an unlikely friend and mentor in the misanthropic, bawdy, hedonistic, war veteran who lives next door. A story about a young woman trying to come to into her own as an actress who is not prepared for what she sees and comes across at her first film audition. Larry Burrows is unhappy and feels powerless over his life. He believes his entire life could have turned out differently had he not missed that shot in a baseball game when was a kid. One night he meets this mysterious man, who could change his fate by offering him that alternative life he always dreamed of. But as Burrows embarks on this journey of self discovery he realises that even this new life has its problems and drawbacks.. Two men and their horse travel through a vast and arid wilderness, each confronting sorrow, joy and their own demise. An out-of-work actress moves back in with her parents and directs a production of Gilbert and Sullivan's "The Mikado" to try and save the community theater. Sinan is sent to Capadocia by his boss, Isfendiyar to write a screenplay. As he waits for inspiration, Sinan finds himself running first into Eylul, the daughter of Izzet, who owns the hotel where he's booked to stay, and then into soap opera star Faruk, his former good friend and present enemy. It isn't long before cabdriver Lokman, who declares himself Sinan's 'chauffeur' and Arif, a local farmer and horse breeder, are part of both Sinan's life and his screenplay. Although plentiful adventures among the magical fairy chimneys, colorful balloons and at the annual grape festival become like a movie for all involved, the happy ending awaited by the boss, Isfendiyar never happens. But the boss insists on his happy ending. And Sinan has to write that ending!  Two friends try to do the right thing. Seth and Nole's pal Ally has just died. As they sort through her things, they find a winning lottery ticket - unclaimed and for a massive sum. Legally, Ally's abusive ex-husband is entitled to the winnings but the boys decide to keep the ticket out of his hands. There's just one problem. The executor of Ally's estate is her sister, a stickler for rules. Musty Suffer is invited to stay in a mansion; hilarity ensues. The Gingerdead Man seeks revenge against Sarah Leigh for causing him to live his life in the body of a gingerbread man. Her only hope is to team up with Larnell who has problems of his own in the form of a magical talking bong named Eebee. In Vero Beach, Florida, a trio of couples at various points in their relationships become the subjects of a film about marriage being an antiquated idea that needs a reboot: Why not turn marriage into a seven-year deal with an option to renew? Nine Blackmon's "Bluelight" chronicles, via an internet blog, one man's hilarious and harrowing search for "the true blue light of love" four years after the untimely death of his partner. Saucy, sensual and visually-rich, the film introduces to Elwynn, a college professor and the many men he meets in his quest to find love over lust. Kogure is a paperclip bender in a paperclip factory. A man without characteristics. A stoical loser. One day he finds a butterfly in his flat. She becomes his wife, but is even stranger than the bizarre minimal world he lives in. Crazy and funny Japanese neofolk. Jack comes to Amsterdam to find his father and, through a momentary magical encounter, finds the secret weapon that could turn around his father's ailing marijuana coffee shop. A sudden loss disrupts Carol's orderly life, propelling her into the dating world for the first time in 20 years. Finally living in the present tense, she finds herself swept up in not one, but two unexpected relationships that challenge her assumptions about what it means to grow old. Dave and Joe, just evicted from their Oakland apartment, turn to stealing cars and dealing Fluoride to make their financial ends meet. One night they find Summer Hayes, star of a popular 1990's teen soap, in the trunk of a stolen automobile. Shoot-outs, car chases, and overdoses ensue. In the Fluoride heightened world of "Medias Res", nothing is what it at first appears to be. Three werewolf women from Uranus are sent to Earth A comedy writer's need for approval leads him to a wonder elixir that bends his world into a surreal landscape of comedy tropes, which forces him to explore his own worth outside the writer's room.  Three interconnected stories about not having it all figured out in your early thirties - and not necessarily caring. Francesco Taramelli is a psychoanalyst who is dealing with three patients going through various hurdles in their love lives: Marta is chasing a deaf-mute man who has stolen things from her book shop, Sara is a lesbian who was left by her girlfriend just after she proposed to her, and 18-year-old Emma is seeing a 50-year-old architect called Alessandro, who is already married. Unfortunately, these three patients are Francesco's three beloved daughters. In the greatest bar story ever told, ten friends recount the true tale of surviving their wildest night.  After hiring a sketchy limousine service, a rag-tag bunch of hard partiers embark on their New Year's tradition - running naked into the Gulf of Mexico - only to find themselves 24 hours later kidnapped, stripped, stranded, and left for dead.  Combining narration of the actual participants with feature-length re-creation, filmmakers Gideon C. Kennedy and Marcus Rosentrater take you on a hilarious ride about getting lost, getting found and getting hammered. Three best friends - Alex, Az and Jim - head to Ibiza for their first lad's holiday. Unfortunately, tagging along is Alex's unimpressed ex-girlfriend Ellie. Arriving on the island, the lads dump Ellie with Alex's sister Liz, and her friend Zara, and head to San Antonio to start their week of sun, sea and debauchery. Soon they end up in a club, run by local gangster Karl, where the attractions aren't all alive - they're zombies! Due to Jim's drunken antics the zombies escape, and soon all hell breaks loose and no one on the party island is safe. A young man and young woman, both who have recently gone through break-ups, become friends over the festive season though don't wish to be each other's respective rebound. To get over this, the man goes on a series of disastrous dates so he can get together with the girl he really likes. The Good Samaritan tells the most touching parable that Jesus ever taught. The story begins with the lawyer's trick question, "What is the greatest commandment?" As Jesus answers with the story of the robbers, the Rabbi, the Levite and the wounded traveler becomes real. Imagine the traveler's emotion as his own countrymen pass by while his enemy, a Samaritan, stops to help him. Jesus teaches us to love and serve one another no matter how we differ. Myles and Brody are best friends with two very different ways of finding love. Displeased with their current love lives, they make a pact to be together if neither finds love in ten year's time. Now two months shy of their deadline, both friends set off to do whatever it takes to avoid ending up as each other's last resort.  While navigating life with his hyper-protective mother along the enigmatic Outer Banks of North Carolina's coast (site of the first attempted English settlement in the New World), conflicted teen Loren learns of his expecting girlfriend's ambivalence toward him. After a near tragic accident, he must learn to assemble the broken pieces into a stronger, wiser form and approach a more worldly consciousness. A searchlight cast upon the earliest traces of America and the mystery of settlers vanished, Lost Colony scans a once virgin watershed for signs of life. After two years of endless conflicts, Alex and Beno decide to divorce. However, the strong sense of love made them get married again. At this second marriage, they also promised to be more mature. A working woman, mother a three children, realizes that, when her youngest one is about to go to Canada to continue her education, she will end up out of her most precious goal, being a mother.. Minori Oyamada, a put-upon editor at a travel-guide publishing company, is asked by an old friend to plan her forthcoming wedding party in Hawaii. After persuading her boss that it will be a work trip, Minori departs for Hawaii with the intention to find and marry a rich man. But when Minori arrives, she encounters three different men who complicate her original goal... Notoriously hip Berlin based hairdresser Tom Herzner falls in love with beauty parlor owner Heidi, turning both of their worlds upside down. So far so good. Only one problem: Tom is gay. Hajime asks his friend Yoshi to set him up with his classmate Ann. Yoshi tries to do this for Hajime, but this just upsets Ann. Yoshi's relationship with Ann is now awkward. Yoshi doesn't know exactly why, but Ann becomes absent from school frequently. One day, during their summer vacation, Yoshi hears that Ann has dropped out of school. The sequel to a love story based in the "yuri" lesbian romance genre. The desires of its three central characters, Kotatsu, Orange, and Meow, become entangled. Kajino Ryutaro, who directed the previous film, returns to concoct a tale of platonic love with a sweet-and-sour taste.  Kotatsu, Orange, and Meow meet on a social networking site for women seeking women. The amiable trio embark on a hot spring vacation, but Kotatsu and Orange disappear for some unknown reason. Hibari (Minami Yui) and Izumi (Sakai Ran) take over their online names and link up with the abandoned Meow (Kijima Noriko), then head off on another trip to a hot spring. A promotional short documentary on the making of the film American Beauty, directed by Sam Mendes and written by Alan Ball. Struggling 'B' movie Director blackmails a serial killer to be the star of his next film. A raucous story of the interweaving lives and loves of small-town delinquents, shady cops, pretty good girls and very bad boys. With Irish guts and grit, lives collide, preconceptions shatter and romance is tested to the extreme. An ill-timed and poorly executed couple's break-up sets off a chain of events affecting everyone in town. Two sisters, their families, and sometimes complicated lives. A married couple of 6 years invites an old friend and his new, free spirited girlfriend to their Hamptons Summer home for a long weekend. Emotions and desires are stirred but in ways none of them expected. In a close future, a private company developed a technology aimed at boosting our brain capacity. But it requires from its clients to store their memory data on one single server. In this highly controlled world, a young woman has the power to change things. Randy has a crush on a co-worker and tries to figure out if he is gay. A volatile young married couple moves from Los Angeles to Vermont in search of a geographical marriage fix. A story about a group of Malaysian blind footballers who set their sights on becoming professional players. Trailer Park Boys: Don't Legalize It is the third film in the Trailer Park Boys franchise, and a sequel to Trailer Park Boys: Countdown to Liquor Day (2009). In the film, Ricky (Robb Wells), Julian (John Paul Tremblay) and Bubbles (Mike Smith) attempt a series of get-rich-quick schemes after being released from prison, but are again pursued by former Sunnyvale Trailer Park supervisor Jim Lahey (John Dunsworth). Jacopo (Enrico Brignano) has a serious problem. He may be a brilliant marriage guidance counsellor, but he can never manage to have a steady relationship for more than two weeks. And for good reason: since he was very young, Jacopo has been cursed and brought bad luck to every woman who has fallen in love with him. Really bad luck. Because of this, he has vowed to stay away from women, for their own good. But the moment he lays eyes on Sara (a radiant Ambra Angiolini, The Immature and The Immature: The Trip) at a friend's birthday party, he is smitten.  Despite his resistance, the two fall head over heels leading to back-to-back, laugh-out-loud moments of disaster! Sara will quickly learn the consequences of her choice as the limits of her love are put to the test in this smart, stylish and very loveable romantic comedy. Kevin McCallister's parents have split up. Now living with his mom, he decides to spend Christmas with his dad at the mansion of his father's rich girlfriend, Natalie. Meanwhile robber Marv Merchants, one of the villains from the first two movies, partners up with a new criminal named Vera to hit Natalie's mansion. Manhattan explores how the life of a middle-aged television writer dating a teenage girl is further complicated when he falls in love with his best friend's mistress. Charlie quits his job to move home to manage his hometown rock band. His supportive girlfriend shares his love for the band, until struggles within the band force them to make choices that will impact their lives forever. A disgraced former cop, fresh off a six-year prison sentence for attempted murder - returns home looking for redemption but winds up trapped in the mess he left behind. A rich irresponsible boy shows a different feeling towards a fresher at the university. He suddenly vanishes taking money from the girl's bank. The girl goes in search of the boy to get her money. The film has a turning point which is surprising. A zombie-inspired comedic horror film starring Rachel Grubb and Sarah French. An alcoholic London ex-cop becomes involved into a kidnapping drama and tries to free the daughter of a friend from a brutal gangster mob.  A naive Nigerian man excitedly joins his fiancee in the UK after years apart, believing that formidable success awaits him in London. When his expectations are not met, he is thoroughly disappointed. Love Me follows Western men and Ukrainian women as they embark on an unpredictable and riveting journey in search of love through the modern "mail-order bride" industry. Phil and his misfit friends score big when they are invited to the party of the century at Bob's house. Known for throwing the craziest drug, sex and booze filled parties, this was sure to be a night to remember. The only problem is that they can't remember a thing. When Phil wakes up realizing that his girlfriend is only hours from knocking on his door, he decides to enlist the help of his friends to try to piece together what was obviously a night worth remembering. Charles is a middle aged successful CEO with a beautiful wife and teenage daughter. He has been happily married for 17 years, but as sometimes happens, he begins an office romance with his young voluptuous secretary. Emily, his wife, finds out about his philandering nearly from the beginning but is reluctant to confront Charles. The story focuses on decisions Charles makes to both hide and rationalize his illicit romance and consequences that ultimately occur. Emily too, ultimately develops her own way to cope with her cheating husband. Charles, as often happens in these situations, has a nasty breakup with his young concubine and ends up getting sued for sexual harassment. There are twists and turns in this romantic comedy but with very serious undertones. Cameron Hill is plumbing the depths of heartbreak, loneliness, and despair. Or so he informs the loyal viewers of his video blog after being dumped by his girlfriend Marla. Wearing Marla's old pink terrycloth bathrobe, Cameron is completely disconnected from the real world until he strikes up an unlikely friendship with his new neighbor Kate, but their relationship is put to the test when Marla returns and wants Cameron back. A five-minute experimental film about the internal challenge of a Chinese toy painter as she is swept into a moment of artistic inspiration. Two brothers separated by one continent and two decades reunite when one of them becomes sick with cancer. A rift between two filmmakers and their distributors spirals out of control, involving a threatening Mob boss, zombies running amok and guns ablaze. Both a cautionary tale as well as a spoof, "Natural Born Filmmakers" reveals what happens when you mix naive producers, shady investors and carefully calculated contracts. And it does it all with a wry sense of self-awareness. It's the Hollywood dream gone nightmare. When Jay and Annie first got together, their romantic connection was intense - but ten years and two kids later, the flame of their love needs a spark.  To kick things up a notch, they decide - why not? - to make a video of themselves trying out every position in The Joy of Sex in one marathon three-hour session.  It seems like a great idea - until they discover that their most private video is no longer private.  With their reputations on the line, they know they're just one click away from being laid bare to the world... but as their race to reclaim their video leads to a night they'll never forget, they'll find that their video will expose even more than they bargained for. Grill up the carne asada, sit back and hold on as JD Films brings you the fifth release in the Dezert People Video Series. Featuring: Jesse James, Wayne Lugo, Steve Oliges, Jason McNeil, Carl Renezeder, Larry Roseler, Vildosola Racing, Camburg, Steve Sourapas, Herder Motorsports, Travis Pastrana (Subaru Rally), exclusive CORR footage and many more... A father and son unknowingly sleep with the same woman, then four years later compete over the paternity of a child either of them could be the father of. Father, author and relationship expert, Matthew Taylor is on a whirlwind book tour promoting his new best seller, The Bounce Back. He's got it all figured out until he meets the acerbic Kristin Peralta, a talk show circuit therapist who's convinced he's nothing but a charlatan. Matthew's life is turned upside down when he inadvertently falls for Kristin and has to face painful truth of his past relationship. Fifth Avenue socialite Irene Bullock needs a "forgotten man" to win a scavenger hunt, and no one is more forgotten than Godfrey Park, who resides in a dump by the East River. Irene hires Godfrey as a servant for her riotously unhinged family, to the chagrin of her spoiled sister, Cornelia, who tries her best to get Godfrey fired. As Irene falls for her new butler, Godfrey turns the tables and teaches the frivolous Bullocks a lesson or two. The film is centered around Azhaguraja (Karthi), his friend and adviser Kalyanam (Santhanam) who runs a little known TV channel. He falls head over heels for at first sight with Devi Priya (Kajal Aggarwal) daughter of a rich businessman and the rest of the story is how he wins her in the end. A comic fantasy about four men. As the name suggests, it is a modern-day spin on more than one mythological Tamil films from the mid 60s. 9:00 Lawrence receives a SMS / 9:01 He stole his mobile / 9:30 His son disappears 10:00 His house burns / 10:15 His wife leaves him / 10:30 His company is liquidated / 11:00 he is in custody. And that's only the beginning of the crap ... One week before proposing to his girlfriend, Kyle, a down-on-his-luck romantic, discovers that she's been sleeping with another man. Unemployed, saddled with debt, and depressed, Kyle embarks on a funny yet affecting journey to recovery that involves living in his car, bottom-of-the-barrel jobs, therapy, online dating, and Kyle's own wild, fantastical, and snarky imagination. A ne'er-do-well who's married to a millionnaire realizes his financial trouble might be solved if his wife was dead - and sets out a plot to achieve just that. A remake of Dino Risi's "il vedovo". A story centered around a transitional point in the life of Ave Maria Mulligan, the heart of her community in the Appalachian Mountains of Virginia. P Se PM Tak  (Prostitute Se Prime Minister Tak) is a political satire on modern Indian politics. A penniless prostitute arrives in a town where a by-election is taking place and gets caught up in the politics, eventually becoming chief minister A young man seeking a father he has never met, through no fault of his own, ends up barricaded in a liquor store with five other people on Christmas Eve in the fictitious town of El Camino, NV. In pursuit of his love of extreme dance, Ken (Joey Beni) wanders the globe and makes his to Okinawa, Japan. There, Ken meets Iwao Shinjo (Masahiro Aragaki) who is a master of the Ryukyu Classical Dance. Ken learns the steps for Ryukyu Classical Dance, which itself secretly holds the techniques for Ryukyu Karate. A quintet is an omnibus feature told from the perspective of five international up and coming filmmakers who are searching to find identity in the modern world Driving all night, packed in one car, five high school friends avoid their final destination - home. Family film about a pair of children whose father's girlfriend has kidnapped their dog.  Dean Cain stars as Glenn Barrows, a recent widower doing his best to raise his young kids Elliot and Phoebe, who really miss their mother. Things start to look up when the Barrows adopt an adorable puppy named Belle during the holiday season. Just as the healing seems to have begun, Glenn's dog-hating, gold-digging new girlfriend spoils their newfound happiness by sending Belle away. Will the young kids pull off a daring Christmas Eve rescue of their beloved new pet? Haylie Duff co-stars in this heartwarming comedy about family, friendship, and a four-legged holiday miracle. On the brink of their beloved single screen independent movie theater being shut down forever, a misfit band of theater workers face the corporate evil, foreclosure and the unthinkable...having to decide what they want to be when and if they ever grow up. Concessionaires Assemble! Who is Don Ready? Salesman? Lover? Song Stylist? Semi-professional dolphin trainer? Ready is all of the above - except for a dolphin trainer. When he's asked to help save an ailing local car dealership from bankruptcy, Ready and his ragtag crew descend on the town of Temecula like a pack of coyotes on a basket full of burgers. Bill McKay is a candidate for the U.S. Senate from California. He has no hope of winning, so he is willing to tweak the establishment. Lowlands explores the fragility of domestic and creative life in time of war. Its focus is Catharina Bolnes, wife and widow of 17th century painter, Johannes Vermeer of Delft. The film explores her struggle to ensure the family's survival during the France-Netherlands War (1672-1675), and the bankruptcy she declares after Vermeer's death leaves her with no income and ten minor children.  The film is built from varied sources including paintings of Catharina by Vermeer; etchings depicting Louis XIV's policy of rape warfare; reenactments of legal depositions by the Vermeer family about domestic violence, forged paintings and bankruptcy; archival b/w films taken in Delft during WWII; contemporary color footage tracking the movements of Louis XIV's army near Delft in 1672; a deposition by a perpetrator of rape warfare at the Criminal Tribunal in the Hague in 1996.... The final chapter of the trilogy focuses on the mysterious disappearance of Rotten Egg, a camera that reveals the truth in every photo, and a man's quest to become less boring. As the town of Fayetteville struggles to learn the facts, Tork is visited by the CIA. A hidden past is revealed that changes the course of his life forever. This stand alone comedy delivers a romantic and upbeat message about relationships and the truth behind every story. Directed by Serif Goren. A biographical portrait of a pre-fame Jane Austen and her romance with a young Irishman. Shapeshifting between stardom and anonymity, an unhinged musician navigates a hyperreal combination of live action and animation daydreams in a struggle to release his first album. Bin Phere Free Me Tere is a 2013 Hindi comedy film written and directed by Manoj Sharma. The film stars Arsh Deol, Ashrita Agarwal and Manoj Joshi. None supplied The journey of a young Italian man looking for love online in America.   After many failed attempts at suicide, Tom comes to the conclusion that he needs to think outside the box. Clearly, his lack of success is due to his lack of creativity. If he's going to "go out," he's going to make his exist memorable.  Four lovers find themselves caught in a tangle of intersecting relationships in this engaging, New York-set romantic drama that explores the ripple effects of love and obsession. A young Russian boy, Thomas Minton, travels to New York as a passenger on a Russian freighter. Close to Ellis Island he gets off and thus starts his journey to America the same way as all immigrants in former times. Thomas is searching for the family of one of his ancestors, who had emigrated decades ago, but once sent a letter home together with a sample of his new profession: 3D-Photography. The boy follows his relative's traces by counter-checking the old 3D-Photographs of New York (using an antique viewer) with the same places and how they look today. This way, the audience gets to see the Big Apple in former times as well as today. Four friends prank a Cabin in the Woods nightmare on their friend's honeymoon so well that it actually becomes The Cabin in the Woods horror in real life. A cop (Balaji Venugopal, who with his pencil moustache resembles a swashbuckling Ranjan-era villain) steps into the scene of a murder and gets down to his interrogation. His first question: What is your national bird? Elsewhere, another cop (Venkatesh Harinathan) asks the dead man's offspring what the father was doing before he died. The answer: He was living. Travis is an underground comic book artist with a penchant for the obscene. When one of his comics insults a Chinatown crime boss, the gangster punishes Travis by removing his drawing hand. A daunted Travis retreats into a life of alcoholic misery. That is, until his hand returns from the grave... Sean and Hank go on their biggest adventure yet, to the moon. Amardeep learns that his new wife, Manpreet, is a con artist after she disappears with their money and jewelry. He vows to win her heart for real and helps her escape from a brutal mafia boss' son when her latest scheme blows up in her face. Matthew has everything a young man could want: a large apartment in Monaco, which he shares with his best friend Sebastian, affluence and all the women he wants end up in his bed. When Emma young seasonal worker with a strong character, has no other choice but to live with him, disputes are in the air and their incompatibility is undoubtedly. Between battle of the sexes and life lessons, Emma and Matthew will share their conceptions of desire and the male / female relationship ... and gradually, disagreements will take less and less importance ... Kiran (Praveen Prem), son of retired Government staff Parameswaran (R. K. Thayyil) is working in a hardware firm after completing his B.Tech course, with no responsibilities and aims in his life. Nithya (Avanthika Mohan), only daughter of bank manager Narayanan Namboothiri (Ashokan) and Gayathri (Maya Viswanath) is working in a private IT firm after completing her M.Tech. These two childhood friends meet each other and eventually fall in love. But the parents of both their families are against the love between them, being very conventional. Then a crocodile enters between them, and thus crocodile love story begins. The interesting incidents and unexpected twists happening after crocodile's entry forms the rest of the story  The great media prankster, Joey Skaggs, wants to fool the world media AGAIN, and, with the most complex hoax of his career in the pipeline, he now must use every trick in his prankster's arsenal to make it work. Art of the Prank is an emotional journey following the evolution of artist Joey Skaggs-a fierce proponent of independent thinking and the man who has turned the media hoax into an art form. With unprecedented access to the man and his archives, the 95-minute documentary interweaves a current unfolding hoax with a look behind-the-scenes at some classic performance pieces (all reported as fact by a wide range of prestigious journalists) plus commentary from co-conspirators and others. -IMDB Seeking shelter from the trials and tribulations of city life, Hugi has built a quiet existence for himself in a tiny village in the middle of nowhere. Here, he passes his days jogging, attending AA meetings and taking Portuguese lessons online. But when Hugi's estranged, boozy father shows up out of the blue, the precarious balance he has worked so hard to achieve is tested to the limit. Advanced Style examines the lives of seven unique New Yorkers whose eclectic personal style and vital spirit have guided their approach to aging. Based on Ari Seth Cohen's famed blog of the same name, this film paints intimate and colorful portraits of independent, stylish women aged 62 to 95 who are challenging conventional ideas about beauty, aging, and Western's culture's increasing obsession with youth. Two estranged friends travel across the country to attend their college reunion, and face their complicated past along the road.  Plus sized and 30 years old, LEXIE IVY is a feisty Bed and Breakfast owner who desperately needs a date to her sisters wedding. In small town Nova Scotia, thats no easy task, especially when the most eligible bachelor is JOSS, the rough handyman fixing her roof. When ADRIAN, a handsome and charming guest, arrives and seems to take an interest in Lexie, she thinks all her problems are solved. But she misreads the situation and is soon reeling, believing her romantic dream has slipped away, maybe forever. After a series of hilarious mishaps and a reality check or two, Lexie opens her heart and eyes to see that love may be a lot closer than she thought. A troubled teen and her single dad head to Georgia to reunite with family members they hardly know at Christmas time. Mickey's film is having a premiere, and all the stars turn out at the Chinese Theatre. Among those shown: Laurel and Hardy, the Marx Brothers, Jimmy Durante, Clark Gable, Sid Grauman, Mae West. The picture, Galloping Romance (Pegleg Pete kidnaps Minnie, and Mickey gives chase on a variety of animals), starts, and everyone in the audience sways along to the music, then rolls in the aisles with laughter. After, everyone comes on stage to congratulate Mickey; Garbo smothers him with kisses. Mat and Alan, estranged brothers, reunite just before Alan leaves for a vacation with his girlfriend. When he returns sooner than expected without his girlfriend, Alan finds Mat and his family have moved into his apartment. Rick Launer, the Ambassador of the Republic of Texas club, spends his days at Alamo reenactments and haranguing US mailmen to get off Texas soil. But when he takes things too far, he's jailed and kicked out of his beloved club. Out on bail and a warrant on his head, he manipulates a group of paranoid eccentrics to protect him from the hand of the  "oppressive government." Rick must confront what it takes to be a true leader, as a modern day Alamo unfolds on national television. In response to Morgan Spurlock's COMIC-CON: A FAN'S HOPE, comedian Doug Benson (SUPER HIGH ME) stars in this doc that looks at San Diego Comic-Con from his hazy perspective. Featuring fellow pot and film fanatics Kevin Smith, Brian Posehn, Joe Rogan and even Spurlock himself, it's a fun look at a rapidly growing cultural event. A trio of awkward teens intend to win a horror festival by making their own movie, but wind up getting their actress possessed in the process. Subversive film documenting the Vietnamese viewpoint of the Vietnam War. Up-and-coming sports shoe entrepreneur Steve, who is still reeling from the death of his dad, has made a "November rule" in order to keep his distance from the women who seem to be getting too serious about their relationship. Every November 1st, Steve makes up a whopping lie in order to break up with his current girlfriend. However, this year, when he gives the beautiful Leah her walking papers, he realizes his immature and arbitrary rule has just lost him the woman of his dreams. But whether he can win Leah back seems increasingly doubtful, especially after she starts dating pro sports star, James Avedon. Young couple living in the old house suddenly discover an elevator which takes them directly to year 1939. Frank is a police officer who loses his family in a tragedy. In desperation he turns to crime and makes a living as a hitman for the mob. Dougie Waters loves nothing more than a weekend barbie and cricket match with his mates. But his paradise on earth is destroyed when his best mate and neighbour Norm is forced to leave town and their new boss, a pompous English administrator called Edward Lords, moves in. The animosity between the two men peaks during one fateful backyard cricket match when Dougie hits a ball that accidentally stuns Edward's prize winning cat, Dexter. The cat falls into the roaring BBQ and is instantly incinerated, leaving only ashes. Dougie's son captures footage of the unfortunate event on camera and it is uploaded onto YouTube where the video instantly goes viral! The idea of a backyard cricketing challenge is hatched, with the winner keeping the ashes of Edward's deceased cat, Dexter. The two teams battle it out in the greatest game of backyard cricket ever for the Backyard Ashes. After an unprecedented global pandemic has turned the majority of humankind into violent infected beings, Morgan, a man gifted with the ability to speak the infected's new language, leads the last survivors on a hunt for patient zero and a cure. A clumsy police officer must save the town from the forces of evil before it's too late. LAPD homicide detectives Ernie Godunov and Jordan Daniels experience a violent departure from their routine duties when a series of homicides coincides with the theft of a legendary, allegedly cursed painting. According to the legend, the painting is destined to reappear periodically, bringing death and destruction. The detectives investigate, increasingly desperate as bodies pile up and the criminal conspiracy behind the painting's theft mobilizes. With time running out before the painting again disappears into the night, the detectives plunge headlong into a bloody confrontation. A closeted boy runs the risk of being outed by his own heart after it pops out of his chest to chase down the boy of his dreams. The story of two brothers: one who's devoted to his family, the other who's obsessed with the Manson Family. After leaving Morocco amidst racial tensions spurred by the Yom Kippur war, the son of a once famous Jewish musician travels to his home country to bury his father. As he meets the members of the band, his life unexpectedly transforms. An optometrist's assistant strangely obsessed with eyes falls in love with her roommate's split-personality. Jane, along with her best friend Lily, hatch a plan to feign homelessness and find different, creative ways to get money from strangers. What is a girl to do when lying is your job and you start to bring work home with you? An accident interlinks the life of a driver and conductor of an ordinary bus with the lives of people of a village. The romantic ensemble piece revolves around a filmmaker who wants to stop cheating on his girlfriends, a fan who continues to pine for an idol, and a former idol who goes to meet him, while also contemplating the true meaning of 'proper love.' A lonely artist brings a young, drifter woman back to his tiny apartment to live with him. Between his obsessive tendencies and her non-stop drinking, something strange happens. They start to care for each other. An eccentric wayward poet contemplates failure as his delusions unravel and he searches for purpose in the ordinary world. A police officer planned to rescue the love of his life, but facing various conflicts he must now decide between love or duty. Two gay werewolves escape a lycanthrope reservation to find freedom in Maine, the only state with a legal tolerance of werewolves. During their road trip, someone in their family works with bounty hunters and the police to track them down. A realistic comedy from the mind of Banks Helfrich Verbose writer, Walter Quill, thinks he's God; his wife thinks he's hopelessly inept ; his teenage kids don't want anything to do with him; his editor wants another best-selling novel and his dentist thinks he brushes too hard. So, Walter creates. A married couple's life is turned upside down when the wife is accused of a murder. Lara Brennan is arrested for murdering her boss with whom she had an argument. It seems she was seen leaving the scene of the crime and her fingerprints were on the murder weapon. Her husband, John would spend the next few years trying to get her released, but there's no evidence that negates the evidence against her. And when the strain of being separated from her family, especially her son, gets to her, John decides to break her out. So he does a lot of research to find a way. An awkward, unemployed man who can talk to the dead teams up with a rebellious bartender to find the vengeful ghost that's been terrorizing their town. Three stories of the supernatural are recounted in this anthology. Rick, an Aboriginal boy living near a swamp on Bribie Island, is haunted by an American solider who drowned in quicksand. Ruby and her family live in a house near long-abandoned train tracks, which still carry ghostly apparitions. A landlord has trouble evicting the tenants of an old warehouse: a couple that's been dead for years Confined to an asylum for the criminally insane for the past four years, Nica Pierce is erroneously convinced that she, not Chucky, murdered her entire family. But when her psychiatrist introduces a new therapeutic "tool" to facilitate his patients' group sessions -- an all-too-familiar "Good Guy" doll with an innocently smiling face -- a string of grisly deaths begins to plague the asylum, and Nica starts to wonder if maybe she isn't crazy after all. Meanwhile, Andy Barclay, Chucky's now all-grown-up nemesis from the first three Child's Plays, races to Nica's aid. But to save her he'll have to get past Tiffany, Chucky's long-ago bride, who will do anything, no matter how deadly or depraved, to help her beloved evil devilish doll. Gudjon has led a safe life. Suddenly faced with retirement and growing older, he is forced to take a good, hard look at his marriage. A dramatic but often lighthearted story about life at a crossroads and the meaning of it all. 32-year-old Tatsuo Fukuda, nickname "Fuku-chan" (Miyuki Oshima), is a painter who lives in a run-down apartment complex called Fukufuku Flats. He has been a resident ever since he moved to Tokyo after graduating from junior high school in rural Tochigi Prefecture, and has held the same job the whole time. He spends his days working up a sweat painting buildings, his nights mediating disputes between the other denizens of Fukufuku Flats, and his days off flying handmade kites down by the riverside. Fuku-chan is a popular guy who treats everyone equally and with kindness, but romance is his Achilles heel, which causes him to totally mess up a date arranged by his workmate Shimacchi (Yoshiyoshi Arakawa)... Join Katsuma, Poppet, Mr. Snoodle, and the other Moshi Monters in an action-packed, song-filled race against time! Together they must stop evil Dr. Strangeglove and his incompetent Glump sidekick Fishlips from pulverising the recently discovered Great Moshling Egg. When two filmmakers follow the return address on a mysterious videotape they find an oddly charming man who has built a museum to his own life. Watch as they tour Emory's exhibits and learn about his memories, his philosophies, and life itself. Amigo Undead is the story of Kevin Ostrowski as he attempts to reconcile with his estranged, underachieving brother Norm on a camping trip. They're accompanied by several of Norm's unusual friends. When one of these friends dies accidentally, the decision is made to bury him out in the desert with some very unforeseen supernatural consequences. Tom's Restaurant is a diner located at 2880 Broadway (on the corner of 112th Street) in the Morningside Heights neighborhood of Manhattan in New York City. Frequented by artists, musicians, comedians, students and faculty of nearby Columbia University, it has been owned and operated by the Greek-American family of Minas Zoulis since the 1940s. Tom's Restaurant was the locale that inspired Suzanne Vega's 1987 song "Tom's Diner". Bekikang is left and abandoned with a baby boy by friend, Fortunato. He loves and raises the child as his own flesh and blood. When things are going so well between Bekikang and the child, Fortunato and the mother of the child after years of absence reappear to take the child back. A retired couple will have to defend their home against an unpredicted menace: Their kids moving back. A struggling comedy duo discovers that surviving the apocalypse is almost as difficult as surviving in Hollywood. The film narrates the story of a few high-school friends getting back together after a long time. A horror-comedy story, Oh my Ghost is about Trixie (Rufa Mae Quinto), a beautiful and sexy ad agency executive who focuses on her career and less of her love life. Even her best friend and partner in the agency, Alvin (Marvin Agustin), tries to make moves on her but just doesn't work. Meanwhile, three young egotistic guys - Dennis (Paolo Contis), Jeff (Carlos Agassi) and Buboy (Uma Khouny), meet Trixie in the gym who get so attracted and madly in love with her. Because of their arrogance and conceitedness, Trixie turns each one down that makes the three angry at her. To get even with her, they attempt to rape her that lead to a fatal accident. So sudden and untimely, Trixie's ghost cannot accept it and decides to take revenge. Horror-comic situations follow as she haunts the three to obtain justice. A mild-mannered father is transformed into a killing machine after his family is torn apart by a violent act. The bonds between Naomi and Ely are tested when they fall for the same guy. A pair of former brothers-in-law embark on a road trip through Iceland.  Meet Peltzer Arbuckle, a bullied office employee, humiliated by his megalomaniac boss, teasing colleagues and cheating partner.  Stuck in his mundane, nightmarish reality, once news about an embarrassing sexual accident circulates the workplace, Peltzer decides to put up with his misery no more, and conjures up his childhood imaginary friend Ronnie who manipulates him to exact gruesome revenge on his tormenting co-workers.  As the body count rises, Peltzer must either run away from his past or take control of his future, battling between sanity and madness in a twisted tale of infidelity, revenge and snapped banjo strings.   A charming romance develops between a boy with one eye and an overweight girl, though when she loses weight after going to college, their relationship is tested in devastating ways they never dreamed would happen. The Colossal Failure of the Modern Relationship is a smart, sexy comedy that explores the truth about relationships today.  Mary's life has been defined by a string of temp jobs and a half-hearted attempt to become a writer.  But all that changes when she comes home to find her boyfriend dead in front of the TV set.  During her misadventures in trying to get rid of his ashes, Mary discovers that there was much more to her couch potato boyfriend than she ever thought imaginable. A story of a high school boy as he processes the loss of his first love and learns to experience high school over again. For 3 years of high school, JU Ran has silently had a love for a young girl in his class. At the end of his senior year, as the college entrance examination looms overhead, JU Ran's situation changes, and he is given the chance to repeat his senior year. Through this year, he studies again for the examination, and has a second chance at his high school experience. JU Ran's tale is that of growing up, and a caution to take joy in every moment, because even second chances are not perfect. Global panic ensues when it is revealed that a mysterious UFO is actually a giant turkey-like bird that flies at supersonic speed and has no regard for life or architecture. In October 1995 three French sisters gather in Atlit, Israel to sell the family home. Tensions arise between elders Darel and Cali when Darel proves unwilling to sell. That's when the sisters start seeing apparitions of their dead parents. Kannan (Dileep) is the son of a fashion weaver Ayyapanashan (Babu Namboothiri). His father has sent him for fashion designing,but Kannan wants to make more money easier. His friends are Yesudas a.k.a Yesu (Lal),a goonda and Vasu (Kalabhavan Shajon). Jenny Farrell is getting married. But how will her straight-laced family react when they find out that the woman they thought was their daughter's roommate is actually her fiancee? As the old-fashioned Farrells attempt to come to terms with the prospect of a surprise daughter-in-law, they face a difficult choice: either adapt with the times or risk being left behind. When a devastating attack shatters Mark Hogancamp and wipes away all memories, no one expected recovery. Putting together pieces from his old and new life, Mark meticulously creates a wondrous town named Marwen where he can heal and be heroic. As he builds an astonishing art installation -- a testament to the most powerful women he knows -- through his fantasy world, he draws strength to triumph in the real one. Kiss is a romantic comedy entertainer about two strangers coming together in San Francisco. The entire story transpires in 24 hours. Alka Singh, the leader of a political party, and her obsessive love for Rohan Mehra, a rising star of Bollywood. Masaatsu Naito (Kuranosuke Sasaki) successfully completes Sankin-kotai (required ritual to visit the shogun). On his way home, he hears that an insurrection by peasants has taken place in his hometown of Yunagaya. Masaatsu Naito knows that it is a counterattack by Matsudaira. He returns to Yunagaya, but finds that his castle is gone. In a small Welsh town where people talk to themselves we meet Jim, a lonely  teenager who is given the chance to increase his popularity when a cool American kid moves in next door.  Written and directed by Craig Roberts, who also plays the lead role. Teen stepbrothers, Danny, a wannabe entrepreneur, and Ajay, an artistic dreamer, pull off an elaborate prank--involving a lot of dildos--on the last day of school. Caught in the act, they're assigned to a summer mentor: lascivious bar owner, Tyler Lavey. When Tyler enlists the boys to make a delivery to a private party, they unwittingly stumble upon an underground society hiding some very dirty secrets. After Tyler's own niece is taken captive, he turns to proteges Danny and Ajay and former CIA agent Grandma Alice to stage one kick-ass rescue. Trapped in a post-apocalyptic world, ravaged by the Great Battle of the Sexes, Starlight (Erin Brown) is left to deal with the scrappy girl-gang that took her in, and the mystery that surrounds the loss of her beloved husband. It is the early 20th century. Tevye the Dairyman lives in a small village in Ukraine. He is poor and believes that his daughters have one chance to escape poverty - a successful marriage. Tevye accepts a profitable proposition from a matchmaker, but his beautiful daughters have a different plan. Maybe the 1960s, maybe the future. Seven astronauts wake up in a spaceship, not knowing where they have come from nor where they are heading. As the ship operates by itself, they have ample time to meditate, rather scientifically, on matter, life and the universe. Carroll Shelby came from humble beginnings working as a chicken farmer in rural Texas. He exploded into the auto-racing scene by beating all the top-tier drivers of the era and winning the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 1959. All while still wearing his chicken-overalls.  Carroll had a heart condition that nearly killed him, forcing him to retire from racing. He started Shelby American and assembled a rag-tag team of hot-rodders to execute his vision of building groundbreaking sports cars like the Shelby Cobra. He also led Ford and the GT40 to multiple victories at Le Mans over Ferrari.  Shelby's cars, driven by the greatest drivers in the history of racing, cemented his legacy. He is the only man in history to win Le Mans as both a driver and a manufacturer. And is still the only American auto-manufacturer to win the World Manufacturing Championship. A trickster and an 8-year-old girl are in constant conflict. Ludo has just been dismissed for serious misconduct. He has no money left and asks for help from his brother-in-law Sebastien. Sebastien offers Ludo to rob the service station where he works with his friend Nicolas. Four men's destinies slam into each other and intertwine on four balmy summer nights. Old wounds are reopened, new ones appear, unexpectedly there is a new closeness. And, when the sun rises over the city and the striking garbage men, finally ensure German order again, nothing is the same for these four men. Herbert Blount is a crowdfunding contributor for the new Adam Rifkin feature KNOCKED OFF. Unhappy with the film, he steals the footage and kidnaps actress Missi Pyle to star in his own "director's cut!" Mark Van Der Poole, his wife, and two teenagers all understand what being "connected" is all about: Twitter,Facebook, Cell Phones, iPads, GPS - their frantic lives are bound to gadgets too numerous to count! This noisy backdrop turns suddenly into awkward silence when a mysterious glitch brings the entire communications grid to a sudden halt! Sudden with drawl from gadget-driven addictions force the Van Der Poole family together against their will, to face the best - and worst - in each other as they explore old fashioned fun, family, and faith. In the process, they rediscover the real connectedness they haven't even realized they had lost. Mosquito: A Fistful of Bitcoins A love story of Joy and Ethan, Filipino workers based in Hong Kong. Ethan, a bartender, is keen on romantically pursuing Joy, a domestic helper who is wholly dedicated to providing for her family. When his dream girl returns to school a hopeless romantic teen tries to win her heart, until he hits rock bottom and realizes his true love has been there all along. A Pentecostal pastor, Lemuel Childs, and his believers handle venomous snakes to prove themselves before God. Lemuel's daughter, Mara holds a secret that threatens to tear the church apart: her romantic past with a nonbeliever, Augie. As Mara's wedding to a devoted follower looms, she must decide whether or not to trust the steely matriarch of their community, Hope, with her heart and life at stake. SMOSH'S IF IT WERE REAL SAGA follows Ian and Anthony (SMOSH) as they try to make it to a clip show of their classic "If_Were Real" videos. Cristina lives a peaceful life until her older brother Ciro, who has to attend a trial, asks to spend house arrests at Cristina's home. Taipei, late Dec 2012. The city is going through an unprecedented winter heatwave, with temperatures in the 30s. Eight-year-old Tiger (Antoine) lives with his divorced mother, Cao Yi (Vivian Hsu), 36, who is struggling to make ends meet with her job as a magazine editor and reduced alimony payments from her ex-husband (Tang Kuo-chung). Tiger, who has a hyper-active imagination and sees his mother as a run-down robot who needs a new model, is not very bright at school and worries his art teacher (Mini Yang) with the dark pictures he draws in class. The film tells the story of two fashionable girls born in the 1990s who get to know each other through renting an apartment together. Their relationship transforms from that of enemies to best friends. RAMS is a documentary portrait of legendary designer Dieter Rams by filmmaker Gary Hustwit. For over fifty years, Rams has left an indelible mark on the field of product design with his iconic work at Braun and Vitsoe, and his influence on Apple. So at 86 years old, why does he now regret being a designer? RAMS is a design documentary, but it's also a rumination on consumerism, materialism, and sustainability. Dieter's philosophy is about more than just design, it's about a way to live. The film also features an original score by pioneering musician Brian Eno. Across the city of Cape Town, a sex-line operator, a dog handler and a computer technician begin to suspect that their romantic relationships are the subject of a bizarre conspiracy, involving their family, friends, and possibly even greater forces. 'Love the One You Love's parallel stories question the ideals we hold too sacred: love, happiness, and the New South Africa; the pursuit of which makes truth impossible. The movie is about two people who are the exact opposite. Art know what he wants to achieve in life. He wants fame as an artist but doesn't have the confidence that he has the talent to get him there. On the other hand, Foon is more logical and follows a linear path to get to her goals. It takes place in the sunset days of the yakuza in the 1970s. The postwar turmoil that created the black market and lubricated illegal business opportunities was giving way to Japan Inc. A young Bunta Sugawara takes over as the oyabun of a crime syndicate in Yokohama, where he is struggling to keep operations at the port there alive.  As his syndicate is eroding quickly, a major heavy industries company offers his gang the chance to chase some vagrants out of a shantytown where they are squatting on land where a factory is to be built. The job would secure steady profits for Bunta's crime ring for years to come. However, Bunta and other members of his outfit grew up in the shanty, and they would be muscling their friends and neighbors. This sets the stage for an internal struggle that complicates the violent struggle with a rival mafia organization in Tokyo. Four years into his first stable relationship, a man finds out that he is pregnant with his partner's baby. A fancy garden party turns into upper class prey when a colony of killer wasps mutates into seven foot tall predators. It narrates the obstacles Sebastian Delgado, a slacker and aspiring writer faces when, to win the love of a beautiful girl, finally decides to do something: a movie. Gitaz Bindrakhia &amp; Priyal Gor Movie It's the 2012 election for the governorship of Osaka. This documentary shows us some of the usual routine: well-known professional politicians backed by the influential and established parties, leading their campaigns. But among them we see candidates like eccentric "Mac" Akasaka, who has no chance of winning. Is it possible that we can still learn something about politics from him? A young teenage girl, Katie, can not snap out of her depression after losing her mother. Katie has lost interest in school, her friends, and gymnastics. All that changes in the summer when she is asked to monkeysit Gibby, her science teacher's Capuchin monkey. Taking care of the monkey changes her life in a big way. Gibby's happy-go-lucky personality renews Katie's zest for life. Gibby helps her with gymnastics, renewing friendships (including finding a potential boyfriend) and overcoming her nemesis, a mean girl who is out to beat Katie at everything. Matias suffers from annoying nightmares, which don't let him move on with his life. Meanwhile, he passes his days between Eugenia, his wife, and Silvana, his lover. Life-long business partners Santiago and Eugenio care for each other, and need each other. When Eugenio suddenly vanishes, Santiago and Eugenio's wife, join forces to look for him. What they discover is not what they set out to find, and their shared journey becomes a surprising and lighthearted meditation on friendship, love, and loyalty. A young woman with Asperger's tries to find her first boyfriend with a little help from her older sister. Jang Baek-Ho is released from prison after 4 years of incarceration. He wants to open up a noodle restaurant, but he discovers that 5,000 dollars is missing from his bank account. Jang Baek-Ho then tries to find his wife and 3 children. Their secret is revealed. Set in Shanghai, the film revolves around a series of funny stories following a policeman named Liu Meili as he infiltrates a group of gangsters. An easy-going man ensures that the spark in his marriage stays strong by always apologizing and opting for the path of least conflict in his relationship. When his wife becomes pregnant and wishes to have the baby, he does not offer resistance, but is also not ready to be a father. How will their relationship evolve? Several pupils from Hoer Volkskool Heidelberg are on their way to compete in a singing competition; but the majority of the school, including the principal, is not supportive. In this school, sport far outweighs culture.  However, this does not stop the singers from the group to follow their passion. The principal wants to sabotage the group's tour and sends one of the school's teachers to distract the music teacher.  They eventually arrive at a camp where they are treated as if they were in the army. This is all the principal's doing. Jack Willis is a handsome roadtrain driver with a secret - he has just become a top-selling romance novelist. However, being a 'man's man' in the Australian outlook, to avoid embarrassment, he needs a name, a woman's name - and he chooses that of his best friend, Ruby Vale. He must do some fancy footwork to continue the charade when the glamorous city publisher, Ziggy, arrives in dusty outback Lucktown to sign 'Ruby Vale' to a major book deal. Ruby agrees to help Jack though it's for her own gain as well - the publisher will pay for her coming wedding (with Hamish, Jack's buddy). Accompanied by Jack, Ruby goes to Sydney to meet the media, appear on TV and cocktail parties, etc. Gradually, Jack realizes that he has fallen in love with Ruby, while Ruby is also touched by Jack's novel. However, Hamish arrives in Sydney a few days later and asks both of them to stop all these foolish things Jang-bu was an ordinary boy except his special talent; To see every moving thing like a slow motion video. As friends teased him by calling 'monster eyes', he decided to stick at home and not to go out. Television has been his only friend. Time passes by, and now grown-up Jang-bu works at the CCTV control center which is the best job for him. When he sees people's life through camera, he feels he's sharing their ordinary life that he's never had. This new job opens his heart to the world and Jang-bu starts to make some friends out of the control center. With his dear friends he receives sense of himself and finally decides to propose a girl that he loved for long from CCTV... The sequel to a love story based in the "yuri" lesbian romance genre. The desires of its three central characters, Kotatsu, Orange, and Meow, become entangled. Kajino Ryutaro, who directed the previous film, returns to concoct a tale of platonic love with a sweet-and-sour taste.  Kotatsu, Orange, and Meow meet on a social networking site for women seeking women. The amiable trio embark on a hot spring vacation, but Kotatsu and Orange disappear for some unknown reason. Hibari (Minami Yui) and Izumi (Sakai Ran) take over their online names and link up with the abandoned Meow (Kijima Noriko), then head off on another trip to a hot spring. Gangster Makes His Grown up and Illiterate Son Complete His Grade 10 in 6 Months Mabel, in the park with her mother, sees her boyfriend and asks him to join them. Three in a bed is a romantic coming of age comedy following the life of a struggling musician Nate. Set in Manchester Nate desperately seeks independence but when his 2 sisters come crashing into his life, things will never be the same again, especially with the arrival of new neighbor Jonny. Will Jonny and Nate find true love? Or will the pressures of life living with his two sisters pull them apart? Joe Connoly is totally unprepared when a note lands in front of him at school. Sunny Holiday, an aspiring singing star, abandons his wife and young baby to set off on a nine-month tour of bleak western towns. He takes off with his road manager in a pink Chrysler in search of their own version of the American Dream: a country loving audience. Four young scientists have a strange "hobby": they play pranks on psychics, mediums etc., in order to expose them. One of the scientists joins the group of a pseudo-therapist so as to reveal he is a fraud. But things will not go as planned... A small town stud dreams of hitting the big time and making some big money. He tries out various schemes until he hits the jackpot as a gigolo, living a sort of double life that he keeps hidden from his wife. This is a story about love. After 10 years and two children together, Philippe and Marion, finally decide to take a honeymoon Holiday in Venice. At the train station, a abandoned bag filled with money will bring them to a different journey. A journey of doubt where reality never quite lies where it seems, leading from separation to reconciliation. A neurotic pregnant woman on the verge of giving birth, attempts to reunite her estranged family which includes an impossible mother riddled deeply with Alzheimer's, an aging porn star sister and an intense Aunt, whom the family hasn't seen in 18 years. All in an effort to fix her family history before giving birth. The colorful journey travels from Venice to Van Nuys to Simi Valley and in the end, love must win out. Thomas is finally getting married, and Andreas has arranged a bachelor party of the century... he thinks. But a shocking death during Thomas' bachelor party sends the three friends off on an unforgettable trip to a funeral; they probably won't be forgiven for. Speed-Dating, infidelity and near death experiences put their relationship on a serious test. The question is whether the three friends will survive the trip and the funeral - and will they make it home in time for Thomas' wedding. Dan (Mitsu Dan) is a former geisha, now working as an ace pilot for the Earth Defense Troops. Her fiance was killed by the space monster Bemurasu which consumes nuclear waste. To save Planet Earth, Dan attacks Bemurasu, but whenever she does, she feels ecstasy. Can she save Planet Earth? Country Kids is a raw, sincere, and deeply personal documentary about the reality of rural education in Nicaragua today. The worlds of a depressed psychologist and an emotionally disturbed homeless woman collide. While trying to rescue her they fall in love, and each gets a second chance at a new life. A scientist discovers a formula that makes a baseball which is repelled by wood. He promptly sets out to exploit his discovery. YOUTH explores the lifelong bond between two friends vacationing in a luxury Swiss Alps lodge as they ponder retirement. While Fred has no plans to resume his musical career despite the urging of his loving daughter Lena, Mick is intent on finishing the screenplay for what may be his last important film for his muse Brenda. And where will inspiration lead their younger friend Jimmy, an actor grasping to make sense of his next performance?  Ben Wild delves into a new form of insanity that no man has ever experienced before. Through pills, video games and cam girls, will Ben Wild find the key back to insanity. An Ape from Space spreads terror into a small towns camp grounds. The lazy sheriff, and dumb deputy don't know what to do about it. An exploitative documentary crew investigate the delicate disposition of an insomniac fantasist, leading them on a surreal and threatening pursuit to unearth the mystery of his identity. When Zhang Hui is told by long-time best friend Xiao Gong that he has a new girlfriend, she is determined to learn new tricks to gain him back. Based on the novel written by Luo Fuman, "Everyone Loves Tender Women". A father who works abroad as an OFW ends up secretly playing a superhero role in a Japanese TV show. Dean a.k.a Mr.Happy Pants is getting married to the new love of his life Misty. Or is he? On Mr.Happy Pants' Wedding Day his groomsmen launch a mischevious plan to sabotage the ceremony. Lead by Dean's best man James,the groomsmen kidnap Dean&amp; get him drunk just hours before he is supposed to say I do. As his groomsmen remind him of his loves past, Dean struggles to stay focused on his future. Is Dean really ready to leave Mr.Happy Pants behind and live happily ever after with Misty? A penniless hermit, a straight-laced telemarketer, and a sinister astronaut road trip their way across the country. Depending on who's talking, a comet is on track to destroy the planet. Sonny and Archie, two Mafia wise guys, plan on stashing their valuables and retiring just in case they survive. A film about the life and career of the eccentric avant-garde comedian, Andy Kaufman. A beautiful Webgirl travels to a small New England town away from her husband who is exploiting her for sex and a million dollar payday. Five teenage friends set out for the beach on their Spring Break vacation. Good times are cut short when one of the group, Carrie, contracts a deadly sexual transmitted disease during a bathroom stop. When they stop for the night at an isolated motel, the real terror begins when the STD virus starts running rampant, turning those infected into the living dead. The movie is inspired by the 1979 classic sexy-comedy film Salawahan directed by Ishmael Bernal whom originally stars Rita Gomez, Mat Ranillo, Jay Ilagan, Rio Locsin, Sandy Andolong, and Bonching Miraflor. An Honest and hilarious look at the music industry through the eyes of an all girl rock band. An old bus drives through the streets of Rome. It's a long day. The bus fills up with people and stories. Then empties out. People get on. And get off. Faces, eyes. Expectations. A few encounters. Incidents. Slips. Ambiguities. Thefts. Rows. Confiding exchanges. Confessions. Projects. Plans. Lies. Slaps. Even one hijacking. A well-defined route can become a journey. Each encounter can become a future opportunity or can lay a former wound to rest. Every stop may produce the person who will change your life trajectory. Or not, and the bus carries on. At the next turn, someone else will get on and a fragment of his life will for a moment touch yours. From the outside it may look like fun and games, but this provocative documentary reveals that stand-up comedy is one of the most grueling and merciless careers paths one can choose. Popular comedian Rayzor hosts this insider's look at the urban comedy circuit, featuring candid interviews with Sheryl Underwood, Donnell Rawlings and other top funnymen and women who tell it like it is. This program also includes selected comedy routines. The relationship of Alex and Teresa has hit hard times. After 15 years of marriage, the passionate football coach and the sensitive psychoanalyst do not respect each other's needs anymore, and thus they are arguing constantly. Even a divorce seems possible, but then something unbelievable happens: After another ugly fight during a big thunderstorm, they switch bodies. Trapped, they have to play each other's roles, and chaos is bound to follow. American Ultra is a fast-paced action comedy about Mike, a seemingly hapless and unmotivated stoner whose small-town life with his live-in girlfriend, Phoebe, is suddenly turned upside down.  Unbeknownst to him, Mike is actually a highly trained, lethal sleeper agent. In the blink of an eye, as his secret past comes back to haunt him, Mike is thrust into the middle of a deadly government operation and is forced to summon his inner action-hero in order to survive. A husband-and-wife pair of retired cult deprogrammers experience marital strife when their past catches up with them. Three young houseflies stow away aboard the Apollo 11 flight to the moon. Three friends are on the verge of getting their video game financed when their benefactor is taken hostage by terrorists. An insane gore filled zombie anthology. When his only friend dies, a man born with dwarfism moves to rural New Jersey to live a life of solitude, only to meet a chatty hot dog vendor and a woman dealing with her own personal loss. Maggie, an alluring free spirit who won't let anyone - or anything - tie her down. But she meets her match in Jamie, whose relentless and nearly infallible charm serve him well with the ladies and in the cutthroat world of pharmaceutical sales. Maggie and Jamie's evolving relationship takes them both by surprise, as they find themselves under the influence of the ultimate drug: love. Three millennial women decide to impulsively build a sailboat In an effort to do something different, four friends head into Australia's outback to explore Charlie's Farm, the site where a violent family met their end at the hands of an angry mob. Despite all warnings, they persist in their horror-seeking adventure. Following a virus in the water supply the people of Stoke-on-Trent are quickly turned into rampaging zombies.  Follow various groups of survivors as they deal with apocalypse in their own wat!  Life will never be the same again A famous singer has returned to his home town in the countryside. He stumbles upon his old girlfriend and realizes he still has feelings for her. A young, hipster entrepreneur crashes and burns on the eve of his company's big launch. With his entire life in disarray, he leaves Manhattan to move in with his estranged pregnant sister, brother-in-law and three year-old nephew in the suburbs -- only to become their manny.  Faced with real responsibility, he may finally have to grow up -- but not without some bad behavior first. Kelly is a sassy young woman who loves performing and dreams of becoming a Hollywood star. Her devoted brother Brian, an actor himself, sets out to do everything he can to help make her dream a reality. As sometimes happens in close-knit relationships, jealousy and co-dependency threaten to break the siblings apart. Kelly's Hollywood is a loving glimpse into a tender relationship. Two old women who live in a mansion, which is locked between two skyscrapers, hate their neighbors because they are rebel medicine students who party all day long. One day, one of the old ladies get sick and is saved by one of the students, arousing a weird friendship and an opportunity to discover  new experiences and change behavior patterns. Sequence were originally created for the THX WOW! laserdisc, but also appear on the "THX Ultimate Demo Disc" that was given out when you brought a THX package that cost at best PS10.000 ~15-20 years ago. The stories of three lesbian couples -- who live in the same house at different periods of time -- who are at a crossroads in their lives. In 1961, Edith loses her lover, Abby, to a stroke. Linda and Amy struggle with feminist issues in 1972. And, in 2000, Kal and Fran try to have a baby with the help of sperm donor. This lively documentary explores the rise and fall of physical media from the origin of film all the way through the video store era into digital media, focusing on B-movie and cult films. With icons like Joe Bob Briggs (MonsterVision), Lloyd Kaufman (Toxic Avenger), Greg Sestero (The Room), Debbie Rochon (Return to Nuke 'Em High), Deborah Reed (Troll 2), Mark Frazer (Samurai Cop), James Nguyen (Birdemic) and many others. John, a white-collar family man, finds his life turned upside down when he hits a man on his way home from work. He takes the body home to his garage, convinced that he can cover up the accident. But before he has a chance to bury the body, the man wakes up. Mack, the victim, forms and unlikely bond with John but this bond is short lived.  Crooked cop Torrente gets out of jail in the year 2018 to find a different Spain from the one he knew. Directed by Richard Griffin. The Queen is an intimate behind the scenes glimpse at the interaction between HM Elizabeth II and Prime Minister Tony Blair during their struggle, following the death of Diana, to reach a compromise between what was a private tragedy for the Royal family and the public's demand for an overt display of mourning. Three women artists from Berlin collaborate on an exhibition sponsored by a biotech firm and end up being the first people to experience the fascinating symptoms of an evolutionary leap.   Danny, a Taiwanese-American man, and his partner Tate want to have a baby, but the complex world of international surrogacy is further complicated by Danny's well-meaning but extremely meddlesome mother. The film revolves around an eight-year old called Ryan Philip and his adventures with a magical pen called the Monkey Pen. "Saint-Loin-la-Mauderne", a tiny village hurt by the financial crisis and the desertification.  Its last hope : Start back the Smoked Salmon factory. The only issue : Insurances require a permanent doctor on site. But it s has been 5 years the previous doctor retired without setting a replacement.  The whole village,supporting their surly major Germain, will try everything to convince the very Parisian Doctor Maxime Meyer that happiness is only at Saint-Loin-la-Mauderne!  This movie is the french remake of the Canadian movie 'la Grande Seduction' Big in Japan is a comedic rock-and-roll road movie about struggling Seattle rock band, Tennis Pro, who decide to sell their tour-van and head to Tokyo for one last shot at acceptance  An army officer is tasked with personally informing the families of the martyrs in his regiment. Along the way, he develops an unexpected attraction to a troubled young woman. "Asleep" is an experimental documentary , shot in Super 8, about the Capelinhos volcano in the Azorean island of Faial . Two students (Audrey Rocard, Joris Masson) are apprehended following the enforcement of a college take over by three overly zealous school inspectors (Claude Madelon, Jean-Claude Eygreteau, Yannick Moreau). Mato Grosso do Sul, Brazil, the present. When a young Guarani-Kaiowa woman commits suicide, Nadio leads his community to form a protest camp on the borders of a local farm that sits on their ancestral burial ground. When a trio of struggling and increasingly desperate thirty-something actors - Alberto, Molly and Richard -  discover that A-list talent agent Carlo Lombardi is taking classes at the yoga studio where Molly teaches, they concoct the perfect scheme to convince him of their talent: Lay siege to the yoga studio, tie Carlo up, and with a gun to his head give the performance of their lives. A perfect plan! Now what could go wrong? Six kids decide to stay in a huge movie theater after watching a gruesome thriller. But the guard is a dangerous psycho Probably the first Indian film directed by a woman. It was a big-budget fantasy abounding with special effects set in a Parastan or fairyland. A serial killer is on the loose, and a cop must track him (or her) down. A child takes the classic kiddie game of 'Playing Doctor' a little too literally. The vitality of the African city has provided local filmmakers with a rich array of stories for their films. African Metropolis presents six short films that examine the complexity of urban life in Abidjan, Cairo, Dakar, Johannesburg, Lagos and Nairobi. They run the gamut of genres, but in all the central character is the city itself. A Jewish pensioner lives alone in a Johannesburg apartment, the last resident of an ever-changing city. In a Nairobi of the future, one man searches for the girl of his dreams. Dakar is the backdrop to an intimate conversation between two women. Abidjan once played host to the American artist Jean-Michel Basquiat. In Cairo a musician sees the gap between rich and poor expand. And a final film confronts the perils of the poverty trap. Businessman Lucky Loc has finally gained a respectable position in society. However, his winning streak comes to a sudden halt when he pays with "funny money" to an unsuspecting salesgirl, Quyen. Believing it to be his lucky charm, he's convinced giving away the bill caused his misfortune. At the same time, Quyen's fortune plummets and she blames the cursed "funny money" for it. When Lucky tries to retrieve the bill and Queyen holds it for ransom, Lucky must do his best to survive this increasingly materialistic world, while keeping his soul and sanity intact. The economy has collapsed. In a universe of moral and economic impoverishment, we find Flavia, a spoiled teenager with artistic aspirations that are somewhat frustrated when she is not accepted at the University. Her neighbor Martin, a mature man with rigid routines, is her antipode. When Flavia meets Martin, there are sparks of friction at all times, and the situation is unlikely to get any better. Hailey is a conceited, professional woman and self-proclaimed serial dater with no interest in marriage. She believes no one man can possess all five of her most coveted qualities until she meets Christopher, a handsome businessman who has sworn off women. When Christopher shows no interest in Hailey she does everything she can to pursue him. A husband and wife, who both have PTSD (one from Vietnam, the other from the Gulf), must deal with financial hardship and Bureaucratic insensitivity in addition to the disease itself. Clara doesn't know what she wants to do with her life, until one day she meets Guilherme who helps her to find her own path. A young female scanner turns from a sweet young thing into a murderous, power-crazed villain after she takes an experimental drug developed by her father. Her brother, who is also a scanner, is the only one powerful enough to stop her. Set in early 2014, Poppy Wakefield works as a freelance journalist from her beautiful home in England. Her seemingly perfect, if predictable, life is shattered when she discovers her husband Stephen is having an affair.  In shock from betrayal, she finds comfort in a TV segment featuring George Clooney. George is everything her husband isn't - sophisticated, funny, charming - someone who cares about making a difference in the world and who Poppy believes is her ideal match!  When she receives a well timed invitation to visit her friend Justin in LA, Poppy decides to give fate a helping hand and takes off on a quest to cross paths with George - where she has no doubt they will fall in love at first sight! However a surprise announcement brings Poppy and her romantic fantasy crashing back down to earth.  Through a funny series of near misses, unrelated adventures and colorful characters, Poppy navigates her new life in LA, until one day fate throws her a very unexpected curveball...  In the suburbs of Tokyo some time ago, there lived a clumsy boy about 10 years old. There appeared in front of him named Sewashi, Nobita's descendant of four generations later from the 22nd century, and Doraemon, a 22nd century cat-type caretaker robot who helps people with its secret gadgets. Sewashi claims that his family is suffering from the debts Nobita made even to his generation, so in order to change this disastrous future, he brought along Doraemon as Nobita's caretaker to bring happiness to his future, although Doraemon is not happy about this. And so Sewashi installed an accomplishment program into Doraemon forcing him to take care of Nobita. Unless he makes Nobita happy, Doraemon can no longer go back to the 22nd century. This is how the life of Doraemon and Nobita begins. Will Doraemon succeed this mission and return to the 22nd century? An Indian raised in the Philippines falls in love with a Filipina on business in Mumbai. She leaves unexpectedly, and he travels back to the Philippines to find her. Leaving the safety of their nursery behind, Wendy, Michael and John follow Peter Pan to a magical world where childhood lasts forever. But while in Neverland, the kids must face Captain Hook and foil his attempts to get rid of Peter for good. Leon Schuster (Schuks) returns to prank unsuspecting South Africans. Helping him round up everyday victims are Rob van Vuuren, Lare Brink, and all-time favourite Alfred Ntombela. Mosayile Kuthira Meenukal (English: Swordfishes of Big Tides), a Malayalam Adventure movie directed by Ajith Pillai. Asif Ali (Alex) is the scion of a large and rich Christian family, whose male members take pride in flaunting their virility. Due to his wayward life he lands up in prison. He makes attempts to flee from prison but in vain. A savior appears before him in the form of Sunny Wayne. He is from Lakshadweep, and circumstances make Asif Ali to follow him to the beautiful picturesque sea side town where he learns to amend his selfish ways. The narration forms the rest of the story. Performed LIve at Giggles Comedy Pub in Milwaukee, Wisconsin (October 2004) In a desolate community full of drug-addled Marines and rumors of kidnapping, a wild-eyed stoner named Lou wakes up after a crazy night of partying with symptoms of a strange illness and recurring visions. As she struggles to get a grip on reality, the stories of conspiracy spread. A lonely girl seeks love, connection and family by crashing funerals. A crime film with comedic overtones, Terapie pentru crima (Therapy for Murder) follows Matilde, a beginner "professional" assassin who not only has to overcome the problems that every beginner in this unusual profession faces, but also an additional and personal challenge: she's a woman. When Matilde realizes killing for money is not that easy she wants to back out but it may already be too late as a real professional assassin is now after her. Flytrap mixes sci-fi with dark humor to tell the story of a reserved English Astronomer who becomes ensnared by the mysterious Mary Ann and her creepy and dangerous comrades. Held hostage in a twisted version of suburban San Fernando Valley, the Astronomer slowly uncovers the reason for his capture and the miserable fate that awaits him-and humanity-unless he acts. Meeting the right person at the wrong time can be the best thing that ever happened to you. Vampires have just made themselves public! Now a group of documentarians have been granted access to spend some time with them and learn how they live and coexist with humans. But as reality sets in, the crew realize they are in for far more than they bargained for. An Indian family is expelled from Uganda when Idi Amin takes power. They move to Mississippi and time passes. The Indian daughter falls in love with a black man, and the respective families have to come to terms with it. A young girl is talking about her life and singing while she's walking along the canal. For over 40 years, Harold has been running a successful business, Lunde Furniture, together with his wife, Marny. This comes to an end when IKEA decides to open a new superstore right next door to Harolds small furniture shop. Harold and Marny lose both their shop and their home to the bank, and to make matter worse, Marny is starting to lose her memory. In mounting anger and desperation, Harold wants revenge. He arms himself with a pistol, gets into his old Saab, and sets off for lmhult, Sweden, to kidnap his nemesis, the founder of IKEA, Ingvar Kamprad. Set in the mid-80s, when a reporter is sent to cover the Challenger Space Shuttle launch only to become mixed up in the lives of some local students. Telugu film from director Sriram Vegaraju. Freshly hatched bee Maya is a little whirlwind and won't follow the rules of the hive. One of these rules is not to trust the hornets that live beyond the meadow. When the Royal Jelly is stolen, the hornets are suspected and Maya is thought to be their accomplice. No one believes that she is the innocent victim and no one will stand by her except for her good-natured and best friend Willy. After a long and eventful journey to the hornets hive Maya and Willy soon discover the true culprit and the two friends finally bond with the other residents of the opulent meadow. Thomas is a young actor, the adopted son of Don Antonio, director and founder of the theatrical company to witch he belongs and where he presents his plays. When Don Antonio dies, Thomas is in the need to reestablish his artistic abilities and of the company to save the theater of falling in the hands of the very ambitious Mauro, nephew of Don Antonio who wants to tare it down in order to build a gymnasium. He sets up a web site where he offeres his services as an actor to anyone who needs them outside of the stage. Under those circumstances, Thomas knows Rebeca, mother of Lucia, who hires him to have Lucia fall in love in order to be able to collect an inherence. It's the last week of June 2009. Andrea's parents left for a summer trip so he takes advantage of the situation to skip summer camp and make love for the first time with his girlfriend Eva. His choice triggers a series of events leading him to an on the road adventure along with his younger brother Tomaso, a huge fan of Michael Jackson, and Cesare, an old man met at a retirement home. Sergio and Dani are immersed in an investigation that seems to go nowhere. They spend their time talking and trying to find a balance between their jobs and a boring existence. But then, the adventure of their lives suddenly appears. A funny comedy about three young girls and one man who are stuck on inhabited island. On a New year Eve Masha gets a bird which is ready to fulfill her 7 wishes... Sometimes New Year eve can bring a lot of surprises... Happy Familyy Pvt Ltd is a movie starring Karan Ashar, Vrajesh Hirjee, and Avnish Mehra. What would life be like without the concept of money?. The very rich and very busy Mehta family of Mumbai, gets into exactly this situation. When Mr. Uttam Mehta is almost shot at gunpoint, they all fear their lives are in danger and are advised to go hide off in a far away location - called Antillapur. There seems to be something very strange about this village and the Mehtas are in for a big surprise when they find out - it functions off a BARTER SYSTEM. After falling off the roof at a New Year's Eve house party, Owen decides that it's time to make some wholesale changes in his life. Over the next year, he quits drinking, re-enters his estranged son's life, reignites old friendships, and falls in love with Vera, a bank teller and fellow divorcee...all in an attempt to replace members of his family who he'd lost prematurely. It seemed like a great idea when all-around nice guy Max and his beautiful girlfriend, Evelyn moved in together. But when Evelyn turns out to be a controlling, manipulative nightmare, Max knows it's time to call it quits. There's just one problem: he's terrified of breaking up with her. Fate steps in when Evelyn is the victim of a fatal, freak accident, leaving Max single and ready to mingle. Just as Max is thinking about moving on with what could be his dream girl, Olivia - Evelyn has returned from the grave and is determined to get her boyfriend back...even if that means transforming him into one of the undead. Former frat brothers return to Spring Break, trying to recapture their former glory days, while capturing video for their hastily conceived smart phone app "Bikini Girls Behaving Badly".  Bentzi, Momo, and Yuda'leh are three teenage boys growing up in 1950's Israel, which is not much different from 1950's America if you believe what you see in the film. Of course they are obsessed with one thing - sex. Bentzi is interested in the beautiful Nili, but she prefers his friend Momo. A lonely video editor decides to try online dating while his girlfriend is away. He meets a neurotic newbie to the online romance scene who soon sends his life into a crazy tailspin of bad decisions. Flea was a basketball player, happy with his subtle hustle, until a Dominican connect introduced him to a new way to spread the work and make money. An Argentine travels to Spain to begin his studies. During the flight, he causes so much troubles to a flight attendant that she is fired. At home, the ex flight attendant discovers some dresses that belonged to her grandmother and decides to try her luck with an artist representative. There she will find the guy who caused his dismissal. Both fail to act in Barcelona,   but the boy's father attended the performance, being surprised, because he believed his son was studying in Madrid. Julie Martial, impetuous and headstrong young editor, receives large red envelopes crimes committed just 24 hours later. Marc Simon, of the homicide squad, try to make the connection between the victims, who do not know and apparently have nothing in common. The case caused an outcry in the press, which refers to "the murderer with the ink stamp." Because the murderer signs his crimes with a number branded on the forehead of its victims. While Marc Simon and his men face this conundrum, Julia receives a letter of great concern: this time, the mass murderer describes his own death ... Two women meet for a job interview that spills over into an intimate dialogue that encompasses their secret loves, fears, and dreams.  Filmed entirely in a single shot and over the course of a single conversation, this one-of-a-kind indie won Best Argentine Film and Best Argentine Director at the 2013 Mar del Plata Film Festival. After years of bailing each other out of bad dates by pretending to be married, best friends and longtime roommates Brendan & Melissa receive a court notice that they are now common law married. A loose mix of friends freeload through film school and beyond. Meaux, suburban Paris, a security guard carries out the heist of the century, the total amounts to EUR 50 million. Meanwhile, Jackie Camtreud, a psychiatrist from England, financially ruined, relies on her consultations to get out of trouble. To assist her, local priest Moses, sends her more incredible characters in need of therapy. Unfortunately, they often have little money and are desperate in life. The security guard Alfred Peliete is quickly arrested and denies being in possession of the money, but then where are the 50 million euros? Recommended by Moses, Judge Martin who is searching for Alfred Peliete's stolen 50M, visits Jackie asking for her services: analysis of the conveyor to make him reveal the moneys location. Everyone is after the 50 million and every character is a suspect, Moses the priest, Josepha a transvestite ... and even the police! Nobody seems innocent in this story. Two couples get to know what we all dream about: love at first sight. The problem is they meet it with different people to the ones they are engaged with, and they are just at seven days to get married. Up to that moment, they have to reconsider what's love and what's a habit, and to face them going against an idea with an expiration date: marriage. "Love of my loves" is based upon the successful mexican theatrical play "Un dos tres por mi y por todos mis amores", and explores compromise, doubts and commitment mixing drama and comedy. After a major crisis, a man attempts to track down his long-lost first love, only to discover that she was killed in a car accident many years prior. His online search leads him to her younger sister, an aspiring musician who bears a striking resemblance to the girl he used to love. Quickly becoming obsessed, he arranges a not-so-chance meeting and a relationship blossoms between the two before he has a chance to disclose his true identity. Dubbings, stunts, remixes, aesthetic covers. Diffuse, decentralized, peripheral, tipsy. Theme: an extemporaneous choreographic chanchada. Content: artistic nudity, discrete zoophilia and dance. They are not wild and crazy anymore, or at least they think so. Now, thanks to an offer nobody can't refuse, they will try to recapture that old rock and roll magic and give themselves a second chance. "Femrat" is a movie about a guy who's life goes smoothly until all women around him decide he is a good catch. Being a divorce lawyer, marriage is more of a horror show to him as woman are - in his eyes- wonderful creatures that desire one thing: to trap you forever! A crazy inmate who will do anything to stop his divorce, an obsessive mother who wants him settled, two very demanding twins in search of a husband, and a wife-dependent taxi-driver are his world... until the sky strikes and he finds himself in an abandoned buss stop, at the mercy of a beautiful brunette.The smarter he becomes in avoiding the luring traps build by women around him, the more impossible it becomes to escape forever... because in the end, love is a game and the winner sometime is the one who doesn't like to play.  Ismail's son, Tarik returns to his village after long years of being away and announces that he is engaged to a Latvian woman named Nugesha and although he doesn't have the means for it, Ismail still wants to be the one who pays for the expenses of the wedding. Several problems ensue as he tries to make sure that there is enough money for the wedding. Genaro is still working as a Sanky Panky, to the dismay of his girlfriend. Things will get tricky when a strange and powerful Italian family arrives at the hotel, and Genaro must take care of the Mamma. In this over the top comedy a rivalry between two competing barbershops in New Orleans escalates dramatically, sending the lives of the owners, their families, and their friends spiraling out of control. It's four years later, and a new group of students has been placed in Saturday detention at the infamous and prestigious Crestview Academy. When Siouxsie, sophomore 'undercrust,' crashes the party to avenge her sister's death, a Saturday detention reserved for the privileged seniors of Crestview Academy turns into a date in hell. It's not long before a naive pussycat lover, gay drug dealer, smokin' hot preacher's daughter, squeaky-clean senator's son, and the uninvited younger outsider find themselves locked-up in school with no way out, wondering who (or what) has set them up. Hilarity and suspense ensue while each 'bad kid' pits one against the other, and one by one each falls victim to absurdly gruesome 'accidents' while trying to escape. In this cult film, Azure St. Clair, a neurotic vampiress who is deathly allergic to blood, must protect her only source of food, the VAMPIE (a vampire pie), from a dark vampiric order that wants to use the powers of this deadly pie to revive the dead and enslave the world. After twenty years, five high school classmates meet again at Daniele's wedding, the only one who has built a career for himself. During a long weekend in Switzerland, the five friends rediscover the affection and complicity of the past, and they get a chance to straighten out their destinies. A whirlwind of misunderstandings will bring down their shaky balances, and they'll all find the courage to put themselves on the line and start their lives afresh He is on the run... But the hunters are not so far behind...   When Naidu confronts his son's rival group to end their squabbles, he encounters their mother Satya, his long lost love, separated by the twist of fate. As Honey learns the secret between Naidu and Satya, she is kidnapped by her father's arch rival Suyodhana Goud, who sees an opportunity to unwillingly ensnare her into a marriage with his son. Although these unfortunate turn of events bring Naidu, Satya and their sons together, they must devise a clever escape plan for Honey in this comedy-action journey. Max finds himself in possession of an ancient scroll that describes the entire history of humankind from beginning to end. Seeking to use the information for his own gain, Max triggers the mechanism that begins influencing his own life. Rattled by the prospect of becoming a dad, a 40-year-old filmmaker begins to consider what "manhood" really means for him, prompting him to pursue an array of interests and reexamine his views -- which were shaped by his father. Six bikini models compete for a ten thousand dollar cash prize and a chance to get the lead role in a movie. Ushijima runs Kaukau Fiance, a black market lending agency which scourges its clients with interest rates as high as 50% for 10 days. Ushijima chases down his debtors, who normally come from the bottom of society, with ruthless efficacy.  Sudha Mishra is 67 years old, divorced woman that leaves the responsibility of taking care of her house by Sumit, her niece's fiance. The most important instruction given to Sumit was to 'Feed The Fish &amp; Water The Plants'. His very acceptance into the family was dependent on this instruction. When she returns a month later to her Vasant Kunj house, everything seems to be in order till she opens the bedroom door and a woman wearing white, wailing loudly. Three tales of three people who have a lasting effect on one another.  A young writer whose career is skyrocketing finds himself in a stormy marriage. He divorces his wife after the death of their daughter, shuts himself from the outside world and drinks himself to death over a twenty-year period. Two detective inspectors are on a quest to apprehend a mysterious and depraved criminal who has been infiltrating the prostitution rackets in Melbourne during the summer of 1977. Following the events of Captain America: Civil War, Peter Parker, with the help of his mentor Tony Stark, tries to balance his life as an ordinary high school student in Queens, New York City, with fighting crime as his superhero alter ego Spider-Man as a new threat, the Vulture, emerges.  After a legendary mountain man's tragic death in the remote Alaskan wilderness ( J. J. Johnson ), two of his four sons set off to find their father's gold treasure as set forth by the provisions left in his will . It soon turns into an epic journey through the remote back country of Alaska. They run into a band of notorious cut-throat river rats, determined to claim the gold for themselves. Filmed on location in the wilds of Alaska, it's got Hollywood all over it ! Outdoors, hunting, bad guys, moving to the wilderness, and GOLD ! With a bit of greed mixed in. It's a great storyline. A film that celebrates the aspiration of Bobby, who wants to become the number one detective in the old city area of Hyderabad. A documentary revealing an observation on three barbershops throughout the course of one summer's day in the city of London - Hackney, Herne Hill, and Catford. When his term limit comes up, Lucifer, the original Devil, must turn the reigns of Hell over to James Burnett. But Burnett has new plans for Hell that includes changing its' image and relocation. He enlists his Advocate, Richard Cooper and his beautiful sidekick Tori to find a new home for the damned. After an extensive search, they settle on New Jersey. As construction begins, James implements his plan to gather as many souls as possible so he can challenge the Kingdom. Meanwhile, Lucifer, with his wife Eve and Advocate Judas have arrived in Jersey to put an end to James' plans. After several failed attempts to stop him, Lucifer turns to a higher power for help. A repressed agoraphobic's daughter meets a hardened pastor's daughter, and while escaping their homes to attend the annual church youth group jamboree they discover their worlds aren't what they once thought they were. Three demonic sisters who resemble neo-goth voodoo dolls are accidentally conjured from the other side during a failed attempt to raise a little girl from the dead. With impeccable fashion sense and teen aged angst, the Sugar Skull Girls will stop at nothing to escape the clutches of The Pale Witch, the ruler of The Shadow world. Call Center Girl is a 2013 Filipino family comedy drama film directed by Don Cuaresma, starring Pokwang, Enchong Dee, and Jessy Mendiola. Aliens make a follow up invasion attempt on Rural Ohio after years of unsuccessful attempts. This time they're out for revenge. It's up to local hillbillies and college kids to defend the world from this alien invasion. Eric feels his life falling apart until Fyodor Dostoevsky's naked (and hairless) reincarnation enters his apartment and helps him find true love. A mini movie about chic ladies. Love Project despicts the lives of young adults developing within the artistic community around a production by director Touga. These Millennials are living in an era where everything seems transient, torn between their dreams of absolute freedom and anxieties about their uncertain future. They live in the fast lane and have difficult choices to make. A man returns to his hometown of Memphis looking for his brothers, who are in trouble with the law. Inspired by the song "Long Way Back Home" by Lucero. A socially awkward home-schooled kid forces his way into public-school against his suffocating but loving mother's wishes. Short film by Peter Kubelka.  Arnulf Rainer contorts his mind and body before the camera.  The story of a Kurdish newspaper whose journalists are under the constant threat of being abducted and killed by the state security forces. James Pittman is a burnt-out photography professor who goes on sabbatical and straight into a mid-life crisis. A young artist named Lucy comes into his life and he tries desperately to recapture the lost spirit of his youth. A disgruntled Mexican cop is forced to work with a teenage hacker to hunt down the criminals who killed his wife, and dismantle their operation. Frieda, a fashioncommercial photographer trying to find her own art, gathers her closest girlfriends from all over India to travel to Goa for a surprise announcement: she's getting married! Thus begins an impromptu bachelorette celebration that lasts for a full week. A riotous roller-coaster ride of girl bonding; friendships, break ups, make ups, fuck ups, passion, devastation, hesitation, terrorization and self realization. Amidst the fun and frenzy, heartbreak and heartache, passion and obsession, youth and innocence, secrets tumble out, tensions emerge, bonds are formed and emotions run high. Soon events will take a more serious turn, but for the moment these women are determined to seize the day. DANCE-OFF is a tongue-in-cheek family comedy set in the world of competition dancing starring talented dancers and choreographers from TV's "So You Think You Can Dance!" Two rival studios pick their stars Jasmine  and Brandon  to compete against each other for a $25,000 prize. Jasmine and Brandon have history. They were dance partners and mutual crushes as children. But Brandon quickly moved away not allowed to say goodbye to the heartbroken Jasmine. Luckily, both kept up their dancing. Years later Jasmine shines at the well-funded Diamond Dance Studios and deals with her crazy "dance mom" Jo-Ann . Brandon leads rival Shockwave Studio that desperately needs the $25,000 to stop it from closing. Unable to deny their feelings and both wanting to win, the star-crossed lovers feel pressure from Jo-Ann, competition owner Mary , and her son JT to triumph at all costs. How can they compete against the person they love? Artie and Diane agree to look after their three grandkids when their type-A helicopter parents need to leave town for work. Problems arise when the kids' 21st-century behavior collides with Artie and Diane's old-school methods. Comedy about a woman suffering from low self esteem who gets breast enhancement surgery, unaware that her surgeon worships H.P. Lovecraft's elder gods, and the surgery is part of a diabolical plot to rule the world. Can a 100-year-old tea shop, which is more of a home for a group of regulars and a legacy for its soft-spoken owner, survive a road widening plan? Camp Death III in 2D!' is a crude, corny & Canadian comedy/horror 80's slasher parody of 'Friday the 13th Part III in 3D' and is proudly presented in two dimensions. Mexico 1968: students are the public enemy. Mitch, a wealthy student of Monterrey, hijacks a plane to retrieve Beatrice, who has been kidnapped by the secret police six months ago. Armed with a gun, which he doesn't know how to use, and helped by his two friends as allies, Mitch will face the most bloodthirsty General and force him to release the love of his life. While Arturo tries to gain the love of Flora, he witnesses the history of Sicily from 1969 to 1992, miraculously dodging the crimes of the Mafia and supporting as a journalist the heroic struggle of the judges and policemen who fought this infamous organization. A man throws a party for his last day before his planned suicide.  Dadu is a youth who is just drifting aimlessly from day to day. He is often fired from his jobs and has never been serious about anything. Dadu lives in the same house as Muiz, a freeloader who depends on Dadu to provide for him. The two of them have never been religious until one day, Dadu's cousin Hamzah comes to stay. Hamzah is now a devout Muslim and often goes to the mosque to pray and listen to preaches. Astounded by the change in Hamzah, Dadu and Muiz are determined to change themselves as well, but the path to God is not an easy one. A group of Finnish and British people get stuck to a cabin when a creature which is a half human, half rabbit, attacks on them. The creature is Bunny the Killer Thing, and it is after anything that is resembling female genitals. Doug (Douglas Rouillard) grew up thinking anything's possible if you want it bad enough. However, his dreams always seem to be just out of reach. Fresh out of college, with no real solid job, Doug moves to Hollywood to give acting a try. This hilarious film shows just how frustrating "making it" can be. What the film does not show you is, it's damn near impossible. Years of countless auditions and dead end jobs, not to mention meeting / losing the love of his life, Doug has just about given up when he has one last idea. With nothing to lose he decides to roll the dice. The only question is, will it work? - Written by: Douglas Rouillard - Produced by: DR Productions www.anythingspossiblethemovie.com www.drproductions.org After being held captive in an Afghan cave, billionaire engineer Tony Stark creates a unique weaponized suit of armor to fight evil. Mia Moolman works for a Sandton-based event coordination company that has been commissioned by the department of Trade and Industry to create an event celebrating the most successful ad campaigns in South African history. The gala event will happen at Emperors Palace, and the CEO of the company, Theodore, has asked his employees to pitch ideas for the show and whoever comes up with the best idea will be awarded a promotion and a special bonus. Mia comes up with the idea to make the three guys from the old Castrol commercials, Boet, Swaer and Mogae, part of the show. Her boss eventually agrees to this, but Mia must go and find them in the Kalahari and bring them to Emperors Palace in time for the big gala event.  Will she get them to the big show in time?  The lives of two Hong Kong room-mates with an ice cream truck change when an attractive cousin from Taiwan moves in.  Cho is a slacker who spends his day selling ice cream with his best friend/roommate Beer. Even though his ice cream truck business is failing, he still has a roof over his head because his apartment belongs to his uncle. When his cousin Tina decides to return to Hong Kong, Cho and Beer are forced to share their home with her, creating an antagonistic relationship between the three. However, Cho and Tina begin to bond over time, though they won't admit to having feelings for each other. When Tina's charismatic boss Machi enters the picture, Cho realizes that he may already be too late. Nina is reunited with her grandfather, Fausto, after 15 years apart in the hills of Peru. Fausto is now obsessed with finding "tapados" (hidden family treasure) on his property. Together they make up for lost time while the sale of Fausto's property looms. First-time documentarian Missy Palmer adds her unique spin to the life story of Daddy O' the rescue horse. She traces his roots - from the Atlanta ghetto to his current life as a semi- successful show horse and finds an unusual cast of characters from his sketchy past. Amish families, buggy drivers, black cowboys, an unpopular pig and a man with a wooden leg all step up to claim this equine renegade as their very own. After the Gerard family's haunted attraction Phobia House is shut down, they band together and rebuild for their scariest season yet. Mary is a senior in high school. With graduation a few months away, she is faced with sudden changes in life, love, and friendship. Meanwhile, strange events begin to happen to her that seem completely random and without reason. She struggles to make sense of her life as it threatens to spin out of control.  The narrative of an uncontrollable life derives from the artistic concept of the project, which is to adapt a Twitter stream into a fictional film. The director uses 410 real Tweets from an anonymous girl as a springboard to create a fantasy world of a contemporary Asian teenager. Dudu is a shy boy who, in his senior year of high school, is still a virgin. This situation makes him the constant target of jokes from his inseparable friends. One day, at the end of the school year, he is invited by the gorgeous Professor Deborah to take extra lessons at her house. The situation soon causes Dudu and his friends to believe that she is flirting on the boy, who cares more than never about his sexual inexperience.  A few summer days in the life of Madrilean photographer who is not doing so well lately. He is house-sitting for someone who is out of the country and decides to pass himself off as the owner of the house as a way to seduce female tourists. A group of female freedom-fighters led by Karine Levere is caught by the warden of a women's prison, located somwhere in the South American jungle. None of them will reveal the secrets of their organisation or the names of their collaborators in the cities, so they are handed over to Dr. Costa who, after four years inactivity in Europe, is delighted to be able to practice his torture techniques once more.  Laverne fails to resist the inhuman treatments and reveals all. The only hope of saving the organization is for the girls to warn the city cell before it's too late. They trick the prison guard into having sex with them, knock him out and break out of prison. The warden and Dr. Costa must prevent them from revealing the practices inside the prison. The hunt is on and it's shoot to kill... Takashi is country hipster, work avoiding, not-so-smart life expert in vague rural-urban area in the north from Tokyo. He lives together with his grandmother and laughs at his friend who goes to real work - shoveling cow manure. On one day, a young woman arrives to the area and claims to be Takashi's half-sister from this' father's escapade. And she is the kind you can't get easily rid off... Former golf pro directed to serve community service by teaching teenagers to play golf. A kind of "Bad News Bears" meets golf. An apathetic man-child, Ron, goes on a journey to restore the spirit of his catatonic mother. Wrongfully accused and on the run, a top MI6 assassin joins forces with his long-lost, football hooligan brother to save the world from a sinister plot. Vermin Supreme is no ordinary presidential candidate. Promising a free pony for every American, a fully funded time travel research program, and unprecedented zombie preparedness initiatives for a new American Republic, he truly is the people's candidate and the friendly fascist par excellence. "Who Is Vermin Supreme? An Outsider Odyssey" follows Vermin Supreme's raucous 2012 campaign from the Rainbow Gathering in the the Cherokee National Forest to the Democratic and Republican National Conventions to Occupy Wall Street protests, and all the way to heart of the American Empire in Washington, DC. From the unsettling gravitas of marauding riot police to the unbridled joy of songs sung for police officers and pranks played on anti-abortion fanatics, "Who Is Vermin Supreme?" is certain to show you America as you've never seen it before. Gene spends his days canvassing about childhood obesity. One day he canvasses Titty, an emotionally-arrested 19-year-old who has successfully sued his own father to win back a large inheritance and gotten himself disowned in the process. Gene discovers that Titty has an ongoing online relationship with the beautiful but reclusive Ginger, who is an animal activist. Gene convinces Titty to make a pilgrimage to meet Ginger where the two men form a close bond despite both of them being drawn to the enigmatic Ginger, who is in need of rescue. Raghu Viswanathan (Prasanna) and Meera Chandrasekaran (Lekha Washington) are both engineers belonging to typical Brahmin families.  Too busy with their respective careers, they decide to outsource the job of finding their life partners to their parents.  After carefully scrutinising the various matrimonial websites and taking into account the job profile, annual salary and family background, Meera's parents zero in on Raghu.  After the traditional 'bride seeing' ceremony, the families believe that Raghu and Meera would make an ideal match, and the couple gets engaged.  The wedding is eight months away and the beautiful period of courtship begins. Two divorcees are jaded on love. They meet each other and have to figure how to let their guard down. A comedy that walks on the field of non-fiction, focusing on the attempts of an artist (Didac Alcaraz) to reflect the presence of foreign students in Barcelona. The film reflects the process of a creator who wants to fulfill his dream, complete your project, but to get away ever more of reality. The problem is he has no money, no one understands the film. Only a friend seems willing to help and accompany him on the inner journey that plunges Didac as you progress in the process of completing his film. As a former London constable, Nicholas Angel finds it difficult to adapt to his new assignment in the sleepy British village of Sandford. Not only does he miss the excitement of the big city, but he also has a well-meaning oaf for a partner. However, when a series of grisly accidents rocks Sandford, Angel smells something rotten in the idyllic village. Two closeted Muslim teens hawk goods across Brooklyn and struggle to come clean about their sexuality, as their secretive behavior leads them unknowingly into the cross-hairs of the War on Terror. Jayson Bend (also known as "Agent 009") is an openly gay British super spy! Modeled completely after James Bond, he drives fast and plays hard - always with other hot boys. In this truly impressive 48-minute parody/homage, the first in an on-going series, Jayson teams up with a sexy Swiss counterpart to try and stop the world's largest global hair salon chain, and their nefarious CEO, from launching a satellite that will threaten the very fate of human existence. Don't miss this exhilarating new thrill ride! Since they were both five, Ryosuke has been stalked by Momoko - the ugliest girl in the village. Her love for Ryosuke is so boundless that she has her face surgically altered to suit his taste - but still he wants nothing to do with her.  Ryosuke goes in for fleeting romance - for example, with the girlfriend of a gangster boss. But when he finds out about their affair, he has Ryosuke's little finger hacked off. Magically, the finger falls into Momoko's hands, and she uses it to clone Ryosuke, so she can finally have him (or almost him) for herself.  And this is just the first five minutes of Lisa Takeba's short-but-powerful feature debut. Just like in her previous short films, the director - who cut her teeth in the advertising world and as the writer of a video game - throws a lot of genres and techniques into the mix: from science fiction to gangster films, from hospital eroticism to animation. Hectic and absurd, but with its heart in the right place.  (c) IFFR With their golden era long behind them, comedy duo Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy embark on a variety hall tour of Britain and Ireland. Despite the pressures of a hectic schedule, and with the support of their wives Lucille and Ida - a formidable double act in their own right - the pair's love of performing, as well as for each other, endures as they secure their place in the hearts of their adoring public New Year's Eve stories intersect promoter for the first time to stay home with five years old, three musicians from the Philharmonic, dared to rob stern businessman at a house party to which they sent the same promoter, and a poor student, invited on a first date to an expensive restaurant daughter of most severe businessman. As a result, each of the characters fall into the absurd, naughty, dangerous, but still very funny situation out of which it will certainly help, friends ...  The lead character of the movie is modern day heroine, a girl aged 18 not yet ready to carry a burden of responsibility. She is no different from a thousand other girls either in terms of code of behavior, or style of speech, or desire to be loved. Except for one thing: in reality she is a boy.  Punyalan Agarbattis is the story of Joy Thakkolkaran, a young entrepreuner from Thrissur. His new business venture 'Punyalan Agarbattis' involves manufacturing agarbattis from elephant dung. Fragrance and quality of his incense sticks aside, its mosquito repellant capabilities too have pleased those who tried the samples. However, Joy suddenly has a new set of people and problems as 'Punyalan Agarbattis' comes to a halt. When a notorious fiend known as the "Bat Without Wings" returns to his small village after a five-year absence and kidnaps a young maiden, it's up to her family and a resourceful swordsmen to brave the horrors of the underworld to bring her back home alive. Endette jusqu'au cou dans une affaire de water bed, Didier Travolta, 40 ans, vit au Havre dans le quartier populaire du Grand Large chez sa maman : Madame Graindorge. Il recoit une lettre de la mere de son fils Brian, 8 ans, qui vit en Angleterre, lui signifiant qu'il ne pourra pas recevoir le petit cette annee s'il n'est pas capable de lui payer des vacances, des vraies vacances. Ramita Mahapreukpong stars in a dual role, a Thai woman named Gabs and a Japanese lady named Gudchan. She's on a trip to Japan with her ex-boyfriend Gob ("Boy" Pakorn Chadborirak), who of course attracts the attention of Gabs' Japanese doppelganger. Alex, Fedja, Timo and Lara are four troubled teens for whom the upcoming Christmas eve isn't a time of peace and joy: Since they all have a history of escalating family conflicts, they'll be spending the holidays not at home, but in a psychiatric ward. The utterly different adolescents not only have to adjust to one another, but also have to confront themselves in exhausting therapy sessions. Yet thanks to the unorthodox psychiatrist Dr. Wolf, the sessions take a turn for the unexpected - and the four experience a Christmas which they will never forget. The over-ambitious Koralnik has a dream job: he is a contract killer for a secret EU programme. But even eight years after his training he still hasn't had a single hit. Bored and frustrated, he lives according to the programme's strict rules - withdrawn, no social contact and constantly undercover. One day, the shy Rosa crashes into his car and life. Before he knows it, Koralnik is having dinner with her. For the first time, he can flee his everyday misery for an evening of company. But then the telephone rings. It's Koralnik's first job. With Rosa alongside, Koralnik sets off on a chaotic odyssey through a night in which nothing goes according to plan. It is only when Koralnik's target is revealed to be none other than one of his colleagues that the rigid concept by which he lives finally comes into question. He is confronted with the dilemma of either protecting his secret programme or drawing a line under his unfulfilled existence as a killer. Twenty-two-year-old Louis doesn't know whether his childhood friendship with Jack will last beyond today. Two couples go to a mutual friends wedding, and end up swapping partners. Its Halloween 1989, best friends Sam and Josh are trying to enjoy what's left of their final Devil's Night before graduating high school. But trouble arises when the two pals and a group of friends take a detour on their way to a rock concert, finding an old abandoned barn and awakening the evil inside. Now it's up to Sam and Josh to find a way to protect their friends and defeat the creatures that lurk within "The Barn". A 1948 comedy-drama starring DIANA LENSKA as Hollywood Screen Playwright, Laura Chandler, who returns to her hometown of Wilmington, NC for a bit of revenge which reveal secrets,plot twists and some shocking surprises. After Jake Tilton is given a mystical "monkey's paw" talisman that grants its possessor three wishes, he finds his world turned upside down after his first two wishes result in his malevolent coworker, Tony Cobb, being resurrected from the dead. When Cobb pressures Jake into using the final wish to reunite Cobb with his son, his intimidation quickly escalates into relentless murder - forcing Jake to outwit his psychotic friend and save his remaining loved ones. Jorge is about to meet the man who will be his husband. But with so many guys to choose from, how will he know which one is his perfect match, and which ones are just practice? Meet Jorge in the fast-paced independent comedy with a huge heart. VEGA is a smalltime wiseguy who teams up with the most delinquent smalltime criminals to payback BARBAS the leader of the gang that betrayed him. Malpe, a small fishing town on the Arabian Coast. Located 6 kms to the west of the temple town, Udupi. Malpe's beaches are washed clean everyday by the sea. The waves ensure that nothing gets left behind on the sands. But then, the waves cannot reach everything. It is the time of the year when Udupi and its surroundings are decked up to celebrate Sri Krishna Janmaashtami. Men and children walk the streets dressed up as characters from mythology. Teams painted as tigers are seen dancing to drum beats all around the town. But violence seems to be brewing in Malpe this Krishna Janmaashtami. Lily is a winner, but when her boyfriend leaves her for a vapid beauty pageant queen, she gets the notion that winning the Miss India America title would bring him back. Since Lily is perfect in everything else she does, it should be a cinch...or so she thinks. The pageant world isn't just pretty smiles and high heels, and her main competition, Sonia, gives her a run for her money.  Six teenage friends take one last trip of the summer and camp at Big Sur, CA. They uncover a horrific truth that will destroy their friendships forever. The film has two story-lines or "realities". The main characters are lovers, Maria and Vasin who discover they have access to an alternate reality wherein missed opportunities have become realities.  In the film's first act, subtitled "The Pilot", Maria finds that she is in love with Vasin again after rejecting his marriage proposal twenty years earlier, when he was a lieutenant in the Russian Air Force. Vasin also lives a life of regrets, and wishes he was able to pursue his unfulfilled dream of becoming a film director.  In the second act, "A Film Director", Maria is transported into a different reality. In this reality, she marries Vasin, and he becomes a film director. The plot questions whether they are truly happy with each other, despite having their wishes granted. 3 stories, 3 surprises, magical love, crazy jokes, sexy hot stuff, car stunts, gangsters fights, all in one. The police are after Yao and Yan who later run into Peng. Three of them join the club. A bunch of gangsters want Peng, while the police want Yao and Yan. Meanwhile, Jay and Moon is going fast and furious in a car. They almost hit Peng... All of the characters end up in the same street at the same time. Yet they're all going to be responsible for their own karma. Mitsuki (Tenka Hashimoto) and Yuya (Yukichi Kobayashi) become stepsister and stepbrother because of their parents' marriage. Mitsuki can't get along with her new family and Yuya doesn't know how to approach his new stepsister. One day, Mitsuki becomes possessed by the spirit of Hiyori (Mayu).  Hiyori likes Yuya and believes Yuya can help her get to heaven. Hiyori places a leather chastity belt upon on Mitsuki and a plan takes place to help send Hiyori to heaven. A sweeping multigenerational story set against the backdrop of the raw, roaring New York City of the late 1980s; adoption, teen pregnancy, drugs, hardcore punk rock, the unbridled optimism and reckless stupidity of the young--and old--are all major elements in this heart-aching tale of the son of diehard hippies and his strange odyssey through the extremes of late 20th century youth culture. MANOS: The Hands of Felt is a puppet musical re-imagining of the cult classic MANOS: The Hands of Fate. The film's story of a family vacation gone horribly wrong combines with the backstage drama of a movie shoot gone horribly wrong to tell the bizarre tale of fertilizer salesman-turned-film director Harold P. Warren. With song and dance numbers. And puppets. A young, modern single woman enters the world of online dating looking for an instant soul mate. After the death of their loved ones in a tragic plane crash, Harrison Ford and Kristin Scott Thomas find each other's keys in each other's loved ones' possessions and realize that the two were having an affair and they must figure out all the details. NOW EN ESPANOL is an entertaining portrait of the five dynamic Latina actresses who dub Desperate Housewives for Spanish language audiences in the US as they fight for a more diverse and visible portrayal of themselves and their community.  Three years ago, twenty-two year old "girl-next door" Rachel barely survived a brutal massacre that left all of her friends murdered. Time has passed, and Rachel has moved on, but unfortunately her close friends are spending Spring Break in a secluded house in the woods, and they have cordially invited her to join. She would never have accepted the invitation if she realized that another bloodbath would be showing up as plus one. Once Rachel and her friends arrive at the cabin, the partying, sex, and...terror begins. From girls' only pillow fights to debauchery in a bedroom, it's going to be a blast...aside from the stabbing, flesh melting, and castration. Seven friends will go into a secluded house for the best Spring Break of their lives, but only one will be alive to post about it on Facebook the next week, as Rachel's biggest fears become a reality once again! Can Rachel survive another bloody massacre? Gajirou Honda is a self-centered man who only cares about money and women. When he's involved in a car accident, he encounters the ghosts of the deceased occupants of the other car, including the driver and three pole dancers. The four ghosts promise him a large sum of money in exchange for his help fulfilling their last wishes, thus allowing their spirits to pass over to the afterlife. Samba migrated to France 10 years ago from Senegal, and has since been plugging away at various lowly jobs. Alice is a senior executive who has recently undergone a burnout. Both struggle to get out of their dead-end lives. Samba's willing to do whatever it takes to get working papers, while Alice tries to get her life back on track until fate draws them together. After having a nervous breakdown, a popular talk-show host confronts his ex-girlfriend who is dating a cross-dresser. Based on a What if? dialectic, women are taking the role and position of men in the society. We see the stories of some couples with the woman being patriarchal and in control. Under the new fictional situation, a lot is revealed about relationships. A carefree young man leading an aimless life falls in love with a cultured and simple woman, but she does not reciprocate his emotion. However, when circumstances force her to marry him, he embarks upon a journey to make his wife fall in love with him. Will he succeed in his mission? Just when you thought it was safe to go back in the water again, you can't even get across the sand! BLOOD BEACH meets SPRING BREAKERS in an ace monster mash-up of smart nostalgia and up-to-the-minute visual effects. After an all-night graduation beach party, a group of hung-over students wake up under blazing sun to find their numbers somewhat depleted. An enormous alien creature has burrowed down deep and anyone foolish enough to make contact with the sand finds themselves at the mercy of a sea of flesh-eating tentacles. Will they ever be able to escape its carnivorous clutches? Great white sharks bio-engineered to be the size of piranhas with the purpose of living in rich peoples exotic aquariums, terrorize New York City when they get into the water supply and do what great white sharks do best. Five toilets - five stories! This pitch black comedy relentlessly illuminates the darkest corners of society, thereby revealing a colorful potpourri of human perfidy. The five intertwined episodes are staged in the manner of an intimate play, occasionally testing the audiences moral judgment. The Congolese Sikumoya faces prejudice and racism on a regular basis. He's accused of not adapting enough to the "German culture" and tries harder. A Neo-Nazi group and his mother-in-law push him to the breaking point. While in a coma, his metamorphosis completes. Alberto (Riccardo Rossi) is a local doctor, neat freak, separated by ten years and totally dedicated - emotionally and emotionally - to old daughter, Bianca (Benedetta Gargari). A day like all the others of his life completely organized, methodical and tidy, comes a bolt from the blue: the law of the hidden diary of Bianca that his little girl is going to make love for the first time! Alberto is in a panic, had not imagined it could get that day for her daughter: the angel of his life ... Horror comedy film following vampire count Geza von Kosznom who's visiting groundbreaking neurologist Sigund Freud because he's bored of his life and frustrated of the "eternally long" relationship with his wife Elsa. A low-rent bounty hunter named Rod Rosse, The One Man Posse, gets entangled in a web of danger when he takes on a job from an ex-biker/ex-wrestler turned U.S. senator named "Deathface." Bry, a reckless party animal, decides to rip his retired parents from their all-American lives and throw them into the adventure of a lifetime. As Bry and his folks enjoy the Dionysian side of life, they will all learn a bit about themselves &amp; each other. When a Native American casino controlled by the mob begins to destroy a close-knit rural town, a band of lovable low-tech misfits hatch a plan to beat them at their own game by pulling off an audacious casino heist. When one school teacher gets the other fired, he is challenged to an after-school fight. While volunteering at a homeless shelter, Maggie's upper middle-class world shifts when Alysha, a teen mom, barges into her life. Awakened to the issue of homelessness, Maggie becomes determined to try to make a difference. When a congressman reintroduces a bill called "4 Walls and a Roof", which makes it a right of every American to have shelter, Maggie decides to take action and goes on a protest hunger strike. As her health declines, family and friends grow desperate to understand her extreme action and try to stop her. First-time film director phiAMMA also wrote this timely story ,and is spearheading a movement to create a real 4 Walls bill to bring greater attention to the homeless problem in America and to help make shelter a basic right for all. The Sixth Year is an art world drama series in five episodes, which re-interprets the format of the TV series. Set in the New York art world, it stages the backstage and theatricalizes the social interactions and power games, the aspirations, passions, and everyday realities of the field. The screenplay is based on interviews with artists, curators, gallerists, collectors, and art advisors, whose opinions, anecdotes, and gossip it abstracts and extrapolates into a fictional narrative.  To fight against the introduction of automatic checkouts that threaten their jobs, staff members at Hard Discounts secretly create their own "Alternative Discount" outlet by salvaging products that would otherwise have been wasted. A man's hypochondriacal relationship with his mother. Follows the journey of a 90-year-old atheist and the quirky characters that inhabit his off-the-map desert town. He finds himself at the precipice of life, thrust into a journey of self-exploration. The film follows two brothers (Veerasimhan and Sasankan) who fight over ruling their father's kingdom and marrying the village dancer, Chandralekha. The film centres around three friends who love their bachelorhood so much that they place a bet among themselves that whoever decides to marry first will lose a huge amount in shares that were contributed by all three. All is well until one decides to take the plunge and make a commitment. Rodolfo and Beatriz are the parents of teenagers Jessica and Juan.  Together they form a perfect dysfunctional family. Rodolfo leaves for  work every morning, but actually he's unemployed. Beatriz, worrying  that she is looking older, has a flirtation with her buff gym trainer.  Jessica finds herself in a love triangle with her boyfriend and her  best friend. And, Juan's girlfriend has a little surprise for him. This  is the life of an ordinary middle-class family in Tijuana. While living  under the same roof, they scurry about their days, trying to hide their  secrets from one another. A fresh, clever and humorous portrait of a  modern family unit. The Eighteen Darts (Part 1) is a Chinese Opera Musical starring Jackie Chan, Sammo Hung and Yuen Biao in child roles. A film containing four short horror stories. The first involves a dangerous ritual done to capture the image of ghost The second story is about a deadly ghost which returns to attack the person who killed him. The third story is about a girl who is "trapped" in this world. The last story is about a group who investigates the existence of spirits in a old house. Michael plans a surprise marriage proposal for his girlfriend Kelly on her 30th birthday, but soon discovers that Kelly also has a shocking surprise for him that's going to turn his world upside down. Will Michael's surprise finally give Kelly what she wants or be the catalyst that destroys their relationship? Not available Environmental activist Jeff Shepherd, a free-loving, tree-hugging hippie mysteriously disappears when he is mistakenly targeted by otherworldly visitors instead of super government agent Adam Goodchild who is late for the most important mission in history. Narba, a simple man lives in his wadi in Konkan - a grove that is rich with coconut trees and also has banana, supari and betel nut plantations. A gift from his ancestors, Narba nurtures this grove with love. One day a greedy landlord Rangarao eyes it and wants the wadi at any cost. Will he succeed? John Ennis follows the money in elections to piece together the cycle of pay-to-play politics. It's the end of the world. A flood is coming. Luckily for Dave and his son Finny, a couple of clumsy Nestrians, an Ark has been built to save all animals. But as it turns out, Nestrians aren't allowed. Sneaking on board with the involuntary help of Hazel and her daughter Leah, two Grymps, they think they're safe. Until the curious kids fall off the Ark. Now Finny and Leah struggle to survive the flood and hungry predators and attempt to reach the top of a mountain, while Dave and Hazel must put aside their differences, turn the Ark around and save their kids. It's definitely not going to be smooth sailing. Ferdinand, a little bull, prefers sitting quietly under a cork tree just smelling the flowers versus jumping around, snorting, and butting heads with other bulls. As Ferdinand grows big and strong, his temperament remains mellow, but one day five men come to choose the "biggest, fastest, roughest bull" for the bullfights in Madrid and Ferdinand is mistakenly chosen.  Based on the classic 1936 children's book by Munro Leaf. Discouraged with cards that life has felt him, Hank (Jim Belushi) is a man whose circumstances have steered him to fear change, but his town is adhering less to traditional white man and wife partnerships of which he is comfortable. After suffering a heart attack, Hank's life is saved by a transplant from a Puerto Rican drag queen. What will Hank do? Embrace a diverse society or continue to fear change? Tackling sensitive issues that need to be addressed in today's society, A Change of Heart is a feel good movie that reminds us that even the most stubborn and hardened souls among us can still change and learn to let love in. Devoted to her family's rice-cake-making business and the high school baton club, Tamako is a little slow when it comes to love. She's oblivious to her childhood friend Mochizo's affections, even though all their friends know. With graduation closing in and Mochizo leaving for Tokyo, will Tamako realise her feelings and tell him in time? The story of Mia and Luka develops from their first morning-after to watching movies and travelling together, until they move to another place, in a series of events, memories, movies, scenes and frames. The lives of an arrogant young motivational speaker in debt to the Chinese mafia, his lookin'-to-get-out girlfriend, and a single father in dire straits fatefully intertwine in this nail-biting thriller from Singapore that is based, almost unbelievably, on a true story. This short film illustrates some of the perceived problems a supervisor might face working with women, but ultimately demonstrates where the real problem lies. Based on the wildly successful web-series of the same name, Ktown Cowboys is a bro-mantic dramedy that follows a group of ball-busting, hard-partying friends wrestling with their evolution into adulthood. As their individual struggles come to light, the group of friends band together in Koreatown and through late nights at seedy after-hour soju bars, karaoke drinking girls and even a stint in jail, each emerges as a better version of himself. From young adults to still growing up, we take a ride through Val's memories of Mickey as he makes his way to see his brother. An atypical exploration of the nuances of various stages in a relationship. Every ending has it's middle. Two ghosts who were mistakenly branded as traitors during the Revolutionary War return to 20th century New England to retieve a letter from George Washington which would prove their innocence.  A teen winds up in over his head while dealing drugs with a rebellious partner and chasing the young man's enigmatic sister during the summer of 1991 that he spends in Cape Cod, Massachusetts. Vampire housemates try to cope with the complexities of modern life and show a newly turned hipster some of the perks of being undead. Set after the events of Continental Drift, Scrat's epic pursuit of his elusive acorn catapults him outside of Earth, where he accidentally sets off a series of cosmic events that transform and threaten the planet. To save themselves from peril, Manny, Sid, Diego, and the rest of the herd leave their home and embark on a quest full of thrills and spills, highs and lows, laughter and adventure while traveling to exotic new lands and encountering a host of colorful new characters. Gabriel can't resist a beautiful woman. But his womanizing attitude is taking a toll on his career and social life. He decides to hire a life coach to help him. A satirical thriller about L.A.'s real estate roller coaster. Double crosses, adultery, murder, mistaken identity, and revenge ensues when a mysterious power player and his sultry wife hire a disgraced Los Angeles property broker to discreetly market and sell their Malibu villa. Abstract short in Jacob's current 3D style. Goemon Ishikawa steals a golden statue from Yukari Kukai with female thief Neko no Me Ogin, but Private Detective Shinkuro Akechi chases after Goemon Ishikawa  and Neko no Me Ogin. Detective Shinkuro Akechi discovers that there is a code hidden within the golden statue. The code reveals the location where gold is hidden. Meanwhile, outlaws gather under Goemon Ishikawa. A homeless man wanders the lands in search of revenge for the murder of his son at the hands of an unknown gang. Upon arriving in a new town he finds himself trapped in a city drowning in chaos, its people firmly in the grasp of a ruthless crime boss peddling the mind-bending drug, "El Ultimo Aire." This man is a legend, a hit man, the killer of killers and the people call him "Toro Loco." He fights punks, crack-heads and tough guys with his trademark shooter, a Smith & Wesson 34-1, but you take that away from him and it doesn't matter. Toro Loco has another deadly weapon: his hands! Toro Loco is here and the first to die are the fucking lucky ones! Keta is a professional makeup artist with a big butt and large thighs, but she also has big dreams. The truth is that  Keta with her overweight, her addiction to marijuana and her pink hair can not get a job anywhere, so she ends up as a drug dealer handing out goods to her neighbor - who is addicted to all kinds of painkillers-, to an actress of soap operas as schizophrenic as a cocaine addict; also going through a swinger couple, a prude housewife, a not so prude nun and a host of characters that will surely make more than one viewer is reflected. 23-year-old Nikhil comes to Canada from India to find his fortune and is convinced by his uncle to work as a companion and care-giver to Sam, an elderly Jewish man. An unlikely friendship ensues, which gives both men new insight into life. 'THE BAD DAD' is an upcoming Hollywood Action/Thriller movie; Other details about movie will be announced soon A very extended family gathers for the Christmas holidays, after the death of the breadwinner Leonardo Sereni, famous singer. The eldest son Julius, with his wife Marina, has a panettone factory. The story is set in 1947, following a long-retired Holmes living in a Sussex village with his housekeeper and rising detective son. But then he finds himself haunted by an unsolved 50-year old case. Holmes' memory isn't what it used to be, so he only remembers fragments of the case: a confrontation with an angry husband, a secret bond with his beautiful but unstable wife. When Claire returns from Burkina Faso, she has changed completely. Her friends hardly recognize her. Cheryl finds out that her husband Martin is cheating on her. Again. She wants to divorce him. Anouk is also unlucky in love. She develops an eating disorder. Roelien accepts Evert's marriage proposal. The friends find themselves in the snowy mountains in Austria, due to a bizarre and disastrous accident. Lars interrupts his studies in mathematics at Uppsala University. Instead he takes a job as a teacher in an industrial community. When he discovers that one of his students is a mathematical genius, his desire for studies awakens. A young married couple tries to make a home out of a two room apartment. She's a dancer and needs a lot of space.  He's a comedian and needs a lot of therapy. These things don't always fit so well.  Behold love, despair, and fantasies of burning the place to the ground. Members of rival families eventually realize they are falling in love, much to their parents' consternation. Kiymet and Kadir are a couple in their mid-thirties, having problems with relationship. They decide to fix those by getting a cat. Because of its name, the small Austrian town of Bad Fucking is a tourist attraction--until a landslide cuts it off from the rest of the country. Three years later, a murder sets a multitude of devastating delevopments in motion... Greenaway's short documentary shows 26 bathrooms, each representing a letter of the alphabet. When his wife dies during childbirth, a man takes up her favorite sport, tennis, in an effort to hold onto her memory. He focuses on winning tournaments and neglects his newborn daughter. A family tug-of-war begins for control of his baby. Bollywood 2013 Romain Faubert is a 39 year old, single, medical photographer... and a raging hypochondriac. His doctor and only friend Dr. Dimitri Zvenka thinks he knows the cure for Romain: dating! But with the arrival of freedom fighter Anton Miroslav, everyone might get more then they bargained for... In the conservative city of Jerusalem, Ami Shoshan, an Israeli football player, is forced by a mafia boss to pose as a homosexual, a punishment for flirting with the criminal's girlfriend. Shoshan is banned by players and fans of his team, but becomes a hero of the gay community. Eclectic character comedian Marco Luque plays himself in this stand-up special about relationships, regional differences and his own love of movies. France asleep in the nineteenth century, governed by steam and Napoleon VI, where scientists vanish mysteriously, a girl, Avril, goes in search of her missing scientist parents. Two blundering terrorists with lofty ideologies, but ordinary talent, on a mission to change the world. The Spanish deep South, 1980. A series of brutal murders of adolescent girls in a remote and forgotten town bring together two disparate characters - both detectives in the homicide division - to investigate the cases. With deep divisions in their ideology, detectives Juan and Pedro must put aside their differences if they are to successfully hunt down a killer who for years has terrorized a community in the shadow of a general disregard for women rooted in a misogynistic past. Set within the fictional city of Mahoro, Keisuke Tada runs a "benriya" - a general problem solver for hire. His assistant is his former high school classmate Haruhiko Gyoten. A big crisis then occurs for them. A young man and his lookalike team up to fight injustice and settle their personal scores with the evildoers. Whereas the marriage of Maja and Uwe Rath bobs along in a boring routine, daughter Alina is freshly in love with Nico. And because the young couple are serious about each other, the parents must become acquainted. That the Ohnsorg family lives in a proper castle on the outskirts of Berlin is only a problem for Uwe because Maja is facing an entirely different one: Papa Ohnsorg turns out to be her secret lover Stefan. Neither of them is letting on anything and they are glad when the good-byes are finally approaching. However, Uwe's broken down car bestows the Ohnsorg and the Rath family with a weekend together, during which more than one bomb will be dropped. Elena (Kasia Smutniak) and Antonio (Francesco Arca) seem not to be made for each other. They are too different in terms of character, life choices, worldview, and the way they relate to others. They are total opposites. However, they are overwhelmed by a mutual attraction they're trying hard to avoid; but to which they succumb to. This dramedy on relationships also gets a very credible performance from Paola Miraccione, who plays the tragic, albeit funny, character Egle. Jatin, Harry and Rohan head to Manali for one last trip before Jatin gets married. In Manali, the group of friends meet Natasha and are set forward on a journey of rediscovery. A car is left in the care of a genial landlord, who along with his wife, driver and villagers, gets very attached to it. Will they be able to handle it when the car is taken from them? A team of cops is sent to the forest to capture/kill a police officer who has gone rogue. In a parallel track, a young woman seeks the help of a debauched car driver to take her to the forest. What happens in the forest and how are these two plots connected?  Shin and Sara have been engaged for two years. They once had an argument and agree to have fun individually. Sara's best friend Jeana who always has a soft spot on Shin, she then tried every means to seduce him. In the meanwhile, Jeana's boyfriend Jacky is also getting close with Jolie who's fun and wild.  Lan Kwai Fong is as bustling as usual this weekend. The girls are all gathered to rock the clubs. Since Sara met the Korean hot guy Kim, the relationship between all of them started to change... Ozlem Dersanesi is staying in a hotel in Antalya in order to attend the national music contest for private prep schools. Susana has gathered all her friends to celebrate a very special evening: it's Toni's birthday, and for the first time he's away in Germany, but the distance is not going to stop them from celebrating together. No one suspects that after the party their lives will change forever. When Simon's' dog is taken from him, he stops at nothing to get her back. Tony Banana becomes an actor and a Puerto Rican producer makes him an offer to make a film in Puerto Rico with the condition that he leaves his bad life. Rocky and Billy convince him to celebrate, but chaos is unleashed at the party. All three are involved in a mess that will make them question their friendship and maturity to life. On his birthday, a hitman reluctantly takes on the easy task of killing a writer, only to find the job a lot more difficult than expected. Into the world of the Emperor Penguins, who find their soul mates through song, a penguin is born who cannot sing. But he can tap dance something fierce! A Swiss-German-Yugoslavian production. In 2020, the greatest minds in France gather at the President's home in order to save the country from catastrophe. Rudolf, a bookshop salesman, Gabriel, an actor, and Nicolas, a bar waiter, share more than one common point: the three of them are thirty-something, gay and... neurotic! So what a shock when following a sentimental break-up, Rudolf decides to leave Paris (and his two friends at the same time). What he wants is to put order in his life and it seems to him the best thing to do is to move back to the village of his birth, somewhere in the Austrian mountains, far from the chaos of Parisian life. After a moment of panic, Gabriel and Nicolas decide to follow Rudolf to Styria. Little do they know how eventful their trip will be... While celebrating their reconciliation and six years of marriage, the American actress Sally Nash and the British novelist Joe Therrian receive their close friends, some colleagues and their next door neighbors in a party. Under the effect of Ecstasy, revelations are disclosed and relationships deteriorate among the group. Some may dream of, some may be afraid of, some may look forward to, and some may want to avoid THE NIGHT BEFORE MARRIAGE! 4 different couples disclose 4 different stories all about marriage. A movie star is being stalked by a one-night stand. An American flyer who joined the RAF before his country was in the war is recovering from a leg injury in Jerusalem. Through an English friend he meets a quiet Jewish girl whose close-knit family originally came from Spain. The two are attracted to each other but she is convinced their diverse backgrounds mean it could never work.  Pop singer Kari and his girl dump a tightly wrapped mattress on a frozen lake. Things don't quite go as planned, and the two go to Kari's old drummer friend for help. Paranoia, jealousy and a series of increasingly absurd events ensue. Eftihis, after being fired from his job, tries to find a new one in Greece, while the economic crisis is at its peak. Along his 'adventure' he meets two people with different morals who mentor him through life. This story involves prom night, high school unrequited love, love triangles, and mysterious murders. Gerardo was never detached from his mother. So when he presented his first girlfriend, the gorgeous model Ana Veronica, the mother will do everything possible to get rid of her. Mahonri, the brother of Jared, is a righteous man in wicked Babel. After the tower of Babel is destroyed and the language of the people is confused, the Lord shows Mahonri how to build barges to carry the righteous across the sea to the Promised Land. When the brother of Jared asks the Lord to touch stones to light the barges, his faith is so strong that he receives a great revelation. Two busy strangers meet when they help an elderly woman find her lost Christmas savings. Thanks to fate and Christmas magic, they also find something they were both missing: true love. Two inept police officers, who have spent their entire lives wanting to appear on the law enforcement reality show "Five-O", get more than they bargained for when an evil drug lord becomes falsely convinced that they are America's most badass cops. Pedro, Arturo and Eligio are three college professors who lost their job because of economic crisis. Accidentally they find a solution for all of their problems;  a multi-vitamin that allows them to party all night long without any side effects. The three professors will be launched into the world of nightclubs and the shady business, in order to market the merchandise. Of course, it seems that they are not as prepared for it as they thought. Ikaros is an Angeloid and falls out of the sky. Tomoki Sakurai is a boy who believes the most important thing is to live a peaceful life. The two live tougher. Tomoki Sakurai has never seen Ikaros smile. Tomoki Sakurai sees Nymph and Astraea laugh after they got free from the master's rule. He hopes Ikaros can laugh like an ordinary girl.  This movie wraps up the story of Tomoki Sakurai and his relationship with the Angeloid from the sky, Ikaros. Canadian businesswoman Dinah Middleton's is devastated when her teenage son, Alex, is killed by a hit-and-run driver. When the police fail to turn up any suspects, she turns private detective to track the killer down. She traces the murderer to New York, only to discover that the crime is not covered by the extradition treaty between Canada and the US. She becomes obsessed with bringing the criminal to justice. Considered one of Charlie Chaplin's best films, The Kid also made a star of little Jackie Coogan, who plays a boy cared for by The Tramp after he's abandoned, as a newborn, by his mother. The mother later has a change of heart and aches to be reunited with her son. Glory 17: Los Angeles was a kickboxing event held on June 21, 2014 at the The Forum in Inglewood, California, USA.  This show was Glory's first Pay-per-view event. Main card of this event featured world title fight of Rico Verhoeven vs. Daniel Ghita for the vacant Glory Heavyweight Championship, another world title fight of Marc de Bonte vs. Joseph Valtellini for the Glory Welterweight Championship, and 8-Man Glory Middleweight Last Man Standing Tournament for the inaugural Glory Middleweight Championship. Participants for middleweight tournament were Alex Pereira, Artem Levin, Bogdan Stoica, Filip Verlinden, Joe Schilling, Melvin Manhoef, Simon Marcus and Wayne Barrett.[1] Kid Dynamic, sidekick to Dynamic Man, quits the whole superhero racket and struggles with the transition...with finding himself. His hippy-dippy headshrinker, who insists on outdoor yoga classes during psychoanalysis, helps him find the courage to go for the simpler life he yearns for. What he comes to understand is that life isn't so simple, with or without the cape. Bollywood 2012 Miles Morales is juggling his life between being a high school student and being a spider-man. When Wilson "Kingpin" Fisk uses a super collider, others from across the Spider-Verse are transported to this dimension. The ensemble film THE GENITAL WARRIORS takes a look at the common past of the three main characters as their memories meet and overlap. The 70-year-old Frank sits in a geronto-psychiatric ward and types a screenplay about his relationship with Lena and Barbara. These two embittered women come together with a magic wand and a shotgun to travel to the past and commit an act of revenge on him. Plot unknown. Mariano has three reasons to invite Antonlin Fair to visit Acapulco since the last 50 years. The first one because they were his best friends during high school, the second one because he has serious intentions to find Carmen Madrigal, a woman from Acapulco who was the love of his youth, and the third one he rather not say, but it is the reason he carries a pistol and three bullets in his suitcase. The penniless tourist, "Appetite Andy" (Paul Parrott) stops by at the Hollywood Cafateria (sic) where the gullible boss (Mark Jones) welcomes him in to sample many of the soups and delicacies available to customers.  After savoring many of the dishes, Andy refuses them all and attempts to leave, never intending to pay.  The boss is having none of it and drags him back inside and puts him to work in the kitchen.  The head chef (Charles Stevenson) is chopping food when the order comes in for chicken to be prepared.  He instructs the new employee to grab a chicken (from a crate in the corner) and "prepare" it. Brett and Curtis, two childhood best friends, reunite during Thanksgiving break of their first year out of high school for a night of pizza and reminiscing, but they soon realize their lives are on different paths and their friendship is much different because of it.  Hola Venky is a romantic comedy that follows Venky's quirky and amusing journey from his groin to his heart. Venky is an Indian Techie - middle aged, divorced and confused, and his journey takes him all the way from Matunga in Mumbai to the Bay Area in San Francisco. Thrown into a "situation" where he loses 2% of his "god", Venky is forced to go on an introspective journey that leads him straight into the world of the Mexicans and Mariachi music. Along the way, he is forced to question certain stereotypical notions of 'machismo' that he has grown up on.  Hola Venky is a 88 minute indie film that has wowed the audience around the world by screening in alternative spaces under the concept of "The Great Indian Traveling Cinema". The director of the film literally traveled with the film to various alternative spaces with his Projector and screened the movie for his audience. The film is Sandeep Mohan's second feature film after his well-received debut film "Love, Wrinkle-free". Following his confrontation with the nefarious DOA organization, Ken (Chow Yun Fat) is looking forward to going back to enjoying his retirement. His rest is cut abruptly short when his protege Vincent (Shawn Yue), who's now working for Interpol, asks for Ken's help in taking down the real mastermind behind DOA, Aoi. The two head to Thailand, where DOA's former chief accountant Mark (Nick Cheung) has escaped with his daughter. Jacob and his best friend Alex thought they were on their way to earning one of LA's most highly celebrated advertising accounts. That is, until the villainous and manipulative Marissa enters the picture, doing everything in her power to win the promotion for herself, while seducing Jacob into a romantic relationship. Then, enter into the equation a horny lesbian receptionist, a mentally challenged building custodian, a crazy Chinese boss, Jacob's demented grandmother and sexually perverted grandfather, a gay gangsta rapper, and an assortment of other wacky characters. All chaos ensues, as Jacob must somehow come up with a way to save his career, salvage his friendship, and figure out who his true loyalties lie towards in the love department. Frightened by the routine of marriage, a young couple of modest origin thinks they can revive the flame of their passion through new sexual experiences. Regrettably, the confrontation with their own taboos is going to complicate their relation, plunging them into the most absurd situations unless no fantasy can come true. The inevitable intimate revelations, which are made in the course of this exposure, are going to push the couple on the edge of the abyss. The vampire sisters are back for their next adventure. When returning to his hometown with his ill mother, Marlombrando meets again his father and the Drive-in cinema where he spent his childhood. Almeida keeps the cinema functioning with the assistance of only two employees: Paula, who takes care of the projection and the snack bar; Jose, an old friend of Almeida, who helps selling tickets at the cashier and cleaning up the place. The arrival of Marlombrando and the demolition threatening of the Drive-in will bring new directions to their lives. When Cole stays up past his bedtime, he discovers that his hot babysitter is part of a Satanic cult that will stop at nothing to keep him quiet. The film tells the story about Denes and Karadi, living in this 21st Century, and living life to the fullest just like any other youngsters. They aspire to be where the limelight is, work for their dough but with an exception, their lives also bring the fast life of cheating and deceiving if only to lead the life of the rich and famous, but in this case, a wannabe life of the rich and famous. Just like any other teenagers fresh from college, starting out their lives seem like a possible feat where the sky is the limit, and as the saying goes, go where no man has gone before and have no fear treading on calm water.  Read more at http://www.cinema.com.my/movies/details.aspx?search=2013.9319.vettipasanga.17904#xbVUUTXZZOUk4kxq.99 The Australian Bucks Party. The last bastion of primeval male society. A brutal, savage, yet humourous study of a dying male ritual. Every woman gets one last night to go a little wild. Surrounded by her best friends, Jess sets out to have the most memorable bachelorette party ever. But a few unexpected surprises turn her last day of freedom into something terrifying. When Cupid strikes the very first time it sees no class or caste barrier. And though the path to reunite with a loved one seems arduous and almost impossible, it's this love which makes a person do good things. Love doesn't remain a Time Pass anymore. Gaby mustn't be left alone at night. Yet that's exactly what her boyfriend Vincent does, to test her love for him. She struggles against her natural instincts and quickly exhausts the patience of the local guys. But Gaby decides to turn to castle warden Nicolas, an expert in loneliness, for help.    Milk the Maid stars newcomer Tia, who is cute, sexy and hot (not necessarily in this order). This erotic comedy tells the story of Milk, a Japanese sexy maid (Tia) who begins living with a Tokyo family. Initially turned off by the prospect of having another mouth to feed, the men of the family are reluctant to accepts Milk, but her irresistible charm kicks in, and she quickly finds her way into their hearts and bedrooms. Olivia Pascal stars as Vanessa who was raised in a convent after the death of her parents. Due to an inheritance she travels to Hong Kong to find out the inheritance is a chain of bordellos When her birthday wish magically summons wacky Hollywood actor Drake to her small Midwestern town, Sophie has to figure out how to help him fit in until she can get him back home. But Drake is more interested in helping Sophie stand out. The film is romance comedy about two best friends, Roshan Prince & Jassi Gill who got their hearts broken at the age of 13 in school and then vow to never fall in love again but instead make girls fall in love with them and break their hearts, however now 10 years later they both end up meeting the same girl Simran Kaur Mundi and compete to see who can make her fall in love with them, whoever gets her wins their game but instead both of them fall madly in love with her and then everything changes. When Chan comes to Vancouver to be with his wife, he finds her sleeping with a local cop, as well as discovering that the deed to his house has been sold. Devastated, he wanders the streets, and is eventually helped by a no-nonsense woman who is the sister of Chan's high-school friend. The two start an odd romance, which is periodically interrupted by the ghost of Chan's friend. Actor and comedian Alec Mapa (America's Gaysian Sweetheart) shares hilarious and heartfelt stories about how his life has changed since he and his husband adopted a five year old through the foster care system. No topic is off limits in this raunchy yet moving film of his award-winning one-man show: Alec's sex life, midlife crisis, musical theatre, bodily functions, stage moms vs. baseball dads, and the joys, challenges, and unexpected surprises of fatherhood. Security guard Paul Blart is headed to Las Vegas to attend a Security Guard Expo with his teenage daughter Maya before she departs for college. While at the convention, he inadvertently discovers a heist - and it's up to Blart to apprehend the criminals. Follows the lives of different couples in dealing with their love lives in various loosely interrelated tales all set during a frantic few days before Christmas in Frankfurt, Germany. Lance is a 3-time Ohio state wrestling champion who wrestles 600-lb. bears for practice. Matt comes from a broken home and starves himself out of determination to become his school's first champion in 50 years. Pinned is the wild, true story of what these wrestlers will endure to become champions. In celebration of the 50th anniversary of Grateful Dead, the "core four" original members - Mickey Hart, Bill Kreutzmann, Phil Lesh, and Bob Weir - reunited at Chicago's Soldier Field on July 3rd, 4th and 5th for the most anticipated concerts in recent history. Joined by Trey Anastasio, Jeff Chimenti, and Bruce Hornsby. Fare Thee Well: Celebrating 50 Years Of Grateful Dead is the original members' last-ever performance together nearly 20 years to the day of the last ever Grateful Dead concert with Jerry Garcia, which took place at the same historic venue. Three friends awake after a stormy party in a totally unfamiliar place in the company of strangers and try to understand how they got here, who are these people and what really happened on the eve of ... The year 1997... In the days when people are exiled for their thoughts, now the tables have turned and the freedom of a cow living in the village of Gomalak is in danger.  "The Exiled Cow". inspired from a true story, tells the tale of Sarikiz, with its spectacular cast and now meets the audience as the comedy of the century... Working as a prostitute since she was 16, Kam has witnessed the highs and lows of Hong Kong over the decades.  Kamis now a "madam" who manages a stable of high-end prostitutes, entertaining and hosting parties for rich men. She has seen it all. On the surface she embraces the prosperity of the 'New HK' but like countless middle-class HK citizens, she laments the lossof the old Hong Kong that once belonged to the people.  Over the hill mob boss, Gordon, was put behind bars before the Hong Kong Handover in 1997. Gordon's appearance and mindset are still stuck in the colonial past. Recently released from prison, he is unable to cope with the New Hong Kong. His sole source of solace is his old flame, Kam. Just because a journey leads you somewhere you didn't expect, doesn't mean you ended up in the wrong place. Two old college buddies, Joseph and Oliver, reconnect over drinks, eventually arguing about an unpaid film school debt. Joseph demands the $5,000, unsuccessfully, and then locks Oliver in a closet. He convinces his girlfriend, Mauve, and stoner roommate, Tee, to help extort the money from Oliver. The rules are simple - "No money. No bathroom. No food". To break the prisoner, Tee decides to fill the closet with pot smoke. Oliver's escape attempts are futile, eventually caving into the demands and repaying the money. In the end, Oliver learns, if you don't repay your debts, they'll catch up to you. Two down-on-their-luck American brothers travel to England to sell their late grandfather's country estate. A straightforward plan if it weren't for the strangers in the house and the sinister man on their tail. Three young men attempt to win the heart of a career-oriented woman by being the first to help her travel abroad. Heer and Hero is the story of three lovers with a girl. The girl is very career-oriented and tells these men that if one of them helps her to go to a foreign country for her dream project, she will choose him as her partner. The story goes on with the journey to reach the destination with these men. Welcome to Hotel Transylvania, Dracula's lavish five-stake resort, where monsters and their families can live it up and no humans are allowed. One special weekend, Dracula has invited all his best friends to celebrate his beloved daughter Mavis's 118th birthday. For Dracula catering to all of these legendary monsters is no problem but the party really starts when one ordinary guy stumbles into the hotel and changes everything! Marie is one of her kind. While the other girls are after gold, diamonds and jewels, she swears by ... poverty! She does not remain the companion of a banker too long for obvious reasons. But when she can be the muse of a poor music composer it is fine by her. Unless the musician becomes too famous...! Then, she leaves him! But maybe not forever... He can fall into poverty again, can't he? It is said true friendship never ends, no matter what. The whole story revolves around the married life of three friends. Two of them are dominated by their wives. They are living a dull and no-fun life. One is smart enough to maintain balance in his married life & personal life. He enjoys the company of other girls and leads a life of playboy. He, with a great effort, convinces his friends to believe in his philosophy of married life. This happens to be the start of troubles for his friends and almost break their homes. Out of fear, they try to make him understand the risks involved there in and also, try to stop him. But, he is smart enough to have narrow escapes every time. Meanwhile, his wife faces pregnancy problems and danger to her life. Now, he realizes that he is at fault, feels sorry for his misdeeds and fix up his friend's home. But as Men will be Men, so will be our Kamineys. Scareycrows is a comedy horror about a trainee hairdresser who discovers that her boyfriend is keeping a dark secret. Soon her world crashes around her as the quiet seaside town where she was born is overrun by homicidal scareycrows. She Lives Her Life is a modern day retelling of Jean-Luc Godard's 1962 film Vivre Sa Vie. The movie is told in 12 chapters as we follow Betsy through a series of relationships and encounters, by day she works at a pawn shop, by night she lives her life. It's always been a dream of mine to do a show at the Fillmore. The name itself is synonymous with legendary performances. Countless iconic musicians and comedians have been on that stage. To be a part of that history was something I'll never forget. As much as I was trying to keep my head together before the show, I couldn't help but feel like a tourist or just some random dude who won a contest. LET IT GO represents the culmination of material I developed on the road from 2008-2009. As always thanks to everyone who came out to my shows, laughed at the funny stuff and stared during the bombing. I hope you enjoy it. - Bill Burr The story revolves around Chef Cleavon 'Von' Burkett, a former ladies' man who was living the good life with a beautiful wife until one day he wasn't. A heart attack brings Von face to face with God, and God offers Von a second chance at life, if he atones to all of his exes. With the help of his best friend and the determination to live, Von embarks on a journey to seek redemption. But very soon he realizes that hell hath no fury like the women he's scorned. Danny wants something more. Expelled from school and living in his grandfathers flat, he longs to live up to the image of his estranged father Danny Senior Twenty-something Brooklynites Allie and Harper are directionless, privileged, and just a tiny bit damaged. All they want is to get to the beach, where a drug-fueled afternoon with cute boys awaits them. Alas, the journey becomes needlessly complicated, as the girls' bike ride from Williamsburg to Fort Tilden Beach is littered with a barrage of unfriendly circumstances and the realization that their life skills are more limited than they should be. Four best friends negotiate loss and major life changes during the last two weeks of high school. Kjell Bergqvist is a priest for the Swedish church in Thailand, and he is happy with his easy life in an exotic paradise. Maybe he drinks a little too much and maybe he flirts a little too much with the married women. A Fantastic Ghost Wedding is the story of a young popular spirit medium, who is hired to find a spouse for a dead teenage boy. The chosen bride turns out to be an unexpected person, and this snowballs into a series of events culminating in a Chinese ghost wedding. A story about a few men and the autumn of their lives... From award-winning directors Steve Balderson and Elizabeth Spear comes this special presentation of three episodes from their never before released prime-time horror-comedy series HELL TOWN. These episodes are the painstakingly remastered episodes seven, eight and nine of Season Two. Seasons One and Three were completely destroyed in a studio fire. The executives suspected arson. A middle-aged married man narrates the mistakes of his past to a driver while travelling to Chennai on account of an emergency. A couple of fumbling best friends run a private detective agency and find themselves solving their next case in New Orleans, becoming embroiled in a web of sexy female spies and government conspiracy in the lively and character-filled backdrops of the Big Easy After realizing his stolen phone belongs to a famous actress, a scheming daydreamer uses the opportunity to blackmail her.  It's Airplane meets Casino Royale in this hilarious spy parody from the makers of My Fair Zombie and Jurassic Shark. When a fellow agent fails in his mission to recover the MacGuffin, Canada's greatest Spy is called in to finish the job. Two estranged brothers return to the family cottage after the death of their father. Over the course of three days they must learn to let go of the man they thought they knew, and accept responsibility for the men they have become. Ambulance-chasing lawyers takes on the case of a convicted murderer who, just being released after doing 27 years in jail, claims he was innocent The story of two outcast sisters, Ginger (Katharine Isabelle) and Brigitte (Emily Perkins), in the mindless suburban town of Bailey Downs. On the night of Ginger's first period, she is savagely attacked by a wild creature. Ginger's wounds miraculously heal but something is not quite right. Now Brigitte must save her sister and save herself.  In a dystopian near future, single people, according to the laws of The City, are taken to The Hotel, where they are obliged to find a romantic partner in forty-five days or are transformed into beasts and sent off into The Woods. After moving to Palm Springs, a young married couple puts their love to the test when they discover that their neighbors are swingers. A woman obsessed by dogs crapping on her small piece of lawn. A pelican hungry enough to eat a small Chihuahua. A dog who enjoys dressing up in women's clothing. And another with a penchant for rubber... Discover the wonderful world of dogs... barkers, bullies, crappers, and roamers. Meet Boris, Pebbles, Piglet, Molly and the delinquent dog, Fugly. Meet the people - the devoted dog-lovers and those less enthusiastic about the canine breed. The Wonderful World of Dogs looks at the myths and obsessions surrounding the domestic dog and their doting owners. A story about dogs who just want to be dogs and people who want their dogs to be just like people. This is the third sequel of a That film about northeastern schoolchildren. In this episode, the young kids of a remote village join the local temple on a merit making trip to India. Once there, they get separated from the group. As the Thai boys and girls try to locate their group, they meet several poor Indian children whose lives seem to be much worse than theirs. Friendship and adventure ensue. The adventures and misadventures of officers Salinas and Freire, who will have to settle for their lives to be respected by their superiors. While the Flintstones and the Rubbles are waiting for Pebbles, Bamm-Bamm and the twins to begin the holiday festivities, they end up tring to teach a homeless boy about values. A mysterious illness declared as dumb flu spreads in a quaint hill station forcing the town's residents from speaking. Will the problems in the place increase due to this or will it lead to better communication? 'Airplane' crashes into 'Young Frankenstein' in a movie that lays the jokes on thicker than Arctic molasses. Three sisters must compete together and against each other to uncover a series of clues left behind by their late father in 'The Bequeather.' A Shanghai journalist finds spiritual comfort on assignment for a posh magazine in Nepal in Teng Huatao's gorgeously shot feature - part travelogue, part quest tale.  What happens when four despicable idiots decide to rob small-time payday lenders? A young boy becomes an unlikely hero when he sets out on an adventure-filled quest to find the legendary Bonta oasis. After waking up from his wacky dream, a theater stage hand inadvertently causes havoc everywhere he works.   "The Original Food Truck," Haven Brothers: Legacy of the American Diner tells the story of Haven Bros. Diner, the oldest operating diner on wheels. The original fast food, the first food truck owned by woman, this late night lunch cart has served patrons for over 120 years. Located in the birthplace of the American diner, Providence, RI, the documentary centers around the fact that Haven Bros. was almost lost to the modernizing of Providence. The diner was moved from its reserved parking spot next to Providence City Hall, and this was considered blasphemy to its loyal followers. In the words of lifelong Providence resident and founder of artists' collaborative AS220, Umberto Crenca, "It's not just the physical reality of it being here, but the conceptual reality of it being not here. What would be missed?" The story of Haven Brothers is the story of the American Dream, the American diet, and what it is to be a success. Written by Haven Brothers Movie Gru and his wife Lucy must stop former '80s child star Balthazar Bratt from achieving world domination. A woman steals money from her mob boss husband hoping to start a new life with her lover. Meanwhile, a washed-up former child star and his buddies rob a bank with a police detective hot on their trail. Through a twist of fate, these people all find themselves at a remote cabin, unaware that recent construction work has unleashed a ferocious creature which now roams the surrounding area! Who will survive in MEATEATERS! A group of filmmakers sets out to make the first 3D found footage horror movie, but find themselves IN the first 3D found footage horror movie when the evil entity from their film escapes into their behind-the-scenes footage. On the eve of his 25th birthday, the day he's set to receive money from his trust fund, Rocco (Xian Lim) parties, gets drunk and loses all his money on a poker match. His dilemma: He has to produce the amount, otherwise he will lose the client he needs to defeat his father's TV commercial production company.  Meanwhile, Rocky (Kim Chiu) also needs money to pay the rent, otherwise her family will be homeless.  There's only one way for Rocco to be able to get money from his trust fund: Fulfill the conditions set by his grandmother and that is to get married.  Rocky agrees to act as Rocco's pseudo wife in exchange for a "talent fee." They seal the deal.  As they live like a married couple, Rocco and Rocky face one problem after another, forcing them with no alternative but to reconcile their differences and work with each other. Complication arises when they start to feel for each other, with their bond getting closer. Black and white evokes nostalgia for The Great Depression. Things were so cheap, including lives. We see daredevils (desperate people) compete for money prizes. Baby prepares for WW2. An unemployed man, overwhelmed by problems, attempts to jump from a ninth floor. A crowd gathers in the street trying to convince him of not ending his life. Underground people who exhale toxic gas appear in Tokyo's S-Ward, which is dealing with construction noise from urban development projects. Everyone panic, but it turns out that five middle-aged guys are unaffected by the poisonous gas. They undergo vigorous training to fight the underworld people, but are they going to be able to save the world...? Liv Laika embarks on a solitary mission to a distant planet in search of her ancestors who fled the earth nearly a century prior. After days of radio silence, Liv begins to question whether or not they even want to be found. A koala named Buster recruits his best friend to help him drum up business for his theater by hosting a singing competition. After coincidentally witnessing a boy jumping from the rooftop due to pressures of the college entrance exam, our heroes conceive an idea for a learning device that works while you sleep. Dong-gi, Ho-tae, and Jae-ha go to Chairman Kim of an electronics company to get the funds to make it. They experiment the 'snooze machine' on their younger brother, Dong-seok. Once at the bottom of the class, Dong-seok goes to the top but he is ostracized by his classmates. They reject the snooze machine and shout, 'Let us live like human beings!' Ho-tae gets into an argument with the other two over the development of the snooze machine. He moves out but later is persuaded back by the great burst of laughter stemming from solid friendship. Arm in arm, the three face a brighter tomorrow together. Rio de Janeiro, in the period in which the Police Pacification Units (PPUs) were beginning to be deployed in the city. Edna (Lilia Cabral) is the mother of Julio (Pedro Nercessian) and Silvio (Fiuk). One day she wakes up desperate to see that Julio just disappeared! Maggie's plan to have a baby on her own is derailed when she falls in love with John, a married man, destroying his volatile marriage to the brilliant and impossible Georgette. But one daughter and three years later, Maggie is out of love and in a quandary: what do you do when you suspect your man and his ex wife are actually perfect for each other? Two aimless Jersey boy best friends are fired from their cushy porn-shop jobs and decide to become superheroes for hire in order to attain financial stability after accidentally saving someone's life. With help from a "professional" crime fighter, they find that being a hero isn't always super. The film is set in a modern day 'Berlin Republic' liberated from all irrelevancies. It's about artistic production, the creative industries and above all film and cinema - a political manifesto in feature film format. It centres on Asta, tough, hardened by theory and immaculately styled right down to the emblems on her leather jacket, with current art scene jargon flowing elegantly from her lips. A journey of three young students running for the students councils in UNRWA school in Jordan, from announcing the election till the end of the academic year. 48-year-old Wataru Honjo is a big fan of Bruce Lee and works as a suit actor (stunts performer wearing costumes). Even though he doesn't have the typical body type for his profession he has worked in the business for 25 years. Wataru doesn't get along with cocky rookie suit actor Ryo Ichinose, but an incident draws them closer. Ryo Ichinose then takes an audition for a Hollywood movie and passes. For the fighting scene in the climax scene, the action actor quits citing the scene is too dangerous. The movie staff hears that Wataru is the best Japanese action actor and offers the job to him. Will Wataru go for it? When the announcement comes that Earth's final day is near, a filmmaker makes plans to document & share in the lives around him. But an unwelcome interruption threatens to derail the last day, & he finds deeper connections then he had ever anticipated. As the three out-of-towners toast the end of their journey, someone at the bar is watching them and setting a deadly trap. Now, as closing time draws near, a night of unspeakable horrors is about to begin. Jesse Archer (Violet Tendencies, Going Down in LA-LA Land) and Ronnie Kroell (Eating Out: Drama Camp, Bravo's Make Me a Super Model) headline in this bold, uncompromising thriller that plunges into the depths of human depravity. With its unpredictable plotline and raw performances, Into the Lion's Den is a twisted nightmare that viewers won't soon forget. A young women attends a mysterious Job Interview intertwines with a VHS tape of an 80s Popstar. Bhanumathi (Swathi) works in the sales department of an energy drinks company. She is in need of money and her lecherous boss (Harshavardhan) tries to take advantage of her position. Fed up with everything, Bhanumathi conspires with Vamsi (Navdeep), who works as a sound technician cum electrician in the mall, and plans the robbery of a truck containing some gold coins belonging to her company. As their plan unfolds, their fate becomes unexpectedly connected to the lives of a pizza delivery boy as well as a rich landlord from Bhimavaram. Can Bhanumathi and Vamsi pull off the heist? That is the story of 'Bangaru Kodipetta' The big end-of-term play is approaching. Tobias is somewhat anxious, but with Mees Kees at the helm, everything should be just fine. The class looks forward to rehearsing in the afternoons and to making beautiful scenery - until they find out that Principal Dreus has chosen a terribly boring medieval play. Moreover, it is to be staged in a dusty room within a nearby retirement home. But Mees Kees wouldn't be Mees Kees if he didn't put his own twist on things...  Dora Welles is an imaginative college grad ready to experience all the excitement of life. Instead she finds herself in snowy upstate New York caring for her reclusive great aunt (who has lived a much more exciting life than anyone realizes).  Freeform has teamed up with sponsors to celebrate the spirit of the season through heartwarming moments including a home giveaway, a surprise baby shower at a military base, a family reunion of epic proportions, a celebration for two very special children at Children's Hospital Los Angeles and more.. A group of laid-off workers bribed into working one last night discover that processing the last of their "inventory" will lead to cataclysmic consequences. Deep into a forest, a gathering of wild animals start a nocturnal opera, conducted by a squirrel. A carefree teen must defend his family's bubble tea shop from a real estate developer with a mysterious link to his past. Recep Ivedik coaches the children football team in his neighborhood. For the training he uses the only free piece of land as football field on which he used to play football as a child. Recep notices sadly that this piece of land was sold to a businessman. So as not to loose this for the neighborhood and the children valuable piece of land he decides to re-buy it on his own. With his own methods he does not receive the money. The participation in a competition with a big price is the only solution of his problem ... The film wryly expresses the changes in hierarchy, caste and the power equation when water, the most important resource, vanishes and how the oppressed become the oppressors. Circle Inspector Shambhu's strict actions against law offenders have earned him a lot of enemies. Shambhu is of the opinion that suspension, punishment and transfer are a part of his job. When Shambhu is made the in-charge of a team to eradicate the use of tobacco, he finds himself in a sticky situation. This is because the new law curbs the society, making it difficult for working people from other states to survive. Naturally, many political parties try to take advantage of this situation. What happens next forms the story of Masala Republic. After the trolls' victory over the Snow Queen, Orm claims that he is destined to marry the princess and inherit great power. David and Brenda are perfect for each other, and everyone knows it except David and Brenda. After a break-up, they each experience their own rough patch. For David, a self-destructive artistic endeavor and a relationship with an immature beauty--for Brenda, a failing acting career, an eviction notice, and a boyfriend who just doesn't do it for her. A chance encounter brings them together on the streets of New York at a particularly bad time. David invites Brenda to the opening of his first photography exhibit and the stage is set for a night of drinking and flirting which leads to an untraditional proposal of how they can be together without getting back together. A sharply observed, un-romantic comedy by writer/director Mel Rodriguez III, IN STEREO is a stylish and striking first feature that offers an unflinching look at the complexity of modern relationships. Now that we're all living longer and "40 is the new 30," why can't 60 be the new 40? That's what Louise and Frans think when they embark on bold new life adventures. Louise is a molecular biologist who decides to make a withdrawal from the sperm bank and have a baby. Meanwhile, gallery owner Frans decides to re-boot his career by finding the hottest new talent on the art scene. While attempting to recapture their lost youth and avoid total ridicule, Louise and Frans accidentally cross paths. What happens when you cross poor white trash with gangsta culture, then stick it on a horse? You get the Deadly Ponies Gang.  Dwayne and Clint have been the "bestest of friends" forever. They love hip hop, and horses, but they don't like guns, and they can't afford cars, so the pair have taken to pimping out their ponies instead, blinging out their rides with pearls, glitter, and gold (all plastic, of course) eternally trying to impress the ladies. Bengal episode film with three stories. A tin-foil road-trip to Florida &amp; the British Museum, in faster Chinese that dialogues over the electric kettle of Toronto's City Hall and rotates in perpetual stillness towards a tsunami of row-boat performances. At 45 Arnaud wants to have a child with Chloe, shoot his second movie....but he is blocked.After leaving Chloe he went back to teaching theater and met Gabrielle... A group of lifelong mob movie extras mount a production of Shakespeare's Julius Caesar in their local Staten Island theater in order to finally get some speaking roles. But the theater is the secret hideout of a real-life gangster who fancies himself an actor, and whom the FBI are hunting for the recent murder of a Broadway producer. The Feds insert their own undercover agent to audition for the role of Cassius, seeking to determine who is the real gangster among a cast of make-believe criminals. All the while, the oblivious cast seek only to prove to themselves, their families, and friends that they are more than just extras. Things grow more and more desperate, and ridiculous, as three heroin addicts drive all over Los Angeles in search of what they need. It's Christmas Eve, and a Greek family are poised to celebrate the festive season and the recent job promotion of the chief breadwinner, Michael. But when his promotion falls through, the evening loses the spirit of Christmas celebration for Michael. Two guys find a beautiful young woman to take the place of their missing roommate. Everything seems fine until a horrible mistake on drunken night leads all three on a downward spiral. Neck leads a quiet life, totally subordinated to his wife. His colleagues are out of town, and the neck is working in the company ordering the highway. When the case agent stars, feisty Clementine, sexy blonde kidnaps him to Warsaw, where the neck turns into a celebrity. To rescue a friend moves Phicol and Jadzka jealous wife. Movie version of Mary Mellow's autobiographical one woman show of a spiritual knockdown with almost happy but enlightening ending and a lot of tea. Making the most of the family home while her parents are away, 22-year-old Nicole is enjoying a peaceful summer with her best friend Veronique. But when Nicole's older brother shows up with his band to record an album, the girls' friendship is put to the test. Prantabh and Anand, associated with a news channel in Delhi, are in search of a big scam to prove a point to their senior. A dead body accidentally lands up in their car. A middle-class corporate couple doesn't worry about money and living expenses until the recession drains their finances. Harry Potter has lived under the stairs at his aunt and uncle's house his whole life. But on his 11th birthday, he learns he's a powerful wizard -- with a place waiting for him at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. As he learns to harness his newfound powers with the help of the school's kindly headmaster, Harry uncovers the truth about his parents' deaths -- and about the villain who's to blame. A couple gets their family out of debt by winning on TV game shows, again and again. Three young Georgians have to clean a castle in Berlin, where a German arms manufacturer's art collection is being set up for an exhibition. Of course, the proletariat isn't welcome at the opening party and they are banished to a servants' room in the attic. Downstairs, however, a splendid buffet attracts them - so why not just ignore the unfair prohibition and cross the line of class society? Didn't the French Revolution start over a piece of cake?  Captain Red runs a hardy pirate ship with the able assistance of Frog, a dashing young French sailor. One day Capt. Red is captured and taken aboard a Spanish galleon, but thanks to his inventiveness, he raises the crew to mutiny, takes over the ship, and kidnaps the niece of the governor of Maracaibo. The question is, can he keep this pace up? Battle Of The Brides 2 Anders, Kenneth and Steven went to high school together. Today they are 38, still living in the Swedish suburb but now in completely different stages of life. This warm mockumentary covers the lives of these 3 men. Hilarious comedy about a bunch of crazy private detectives who are trying to save the world from a nuclear disaster! Everything would be easier if there were not so many pretty Bulgarian girls who destract some of the agents, but sometimes help with fighting back. This is a second instalment of the Rapid Response Corps with the same characters from the first movie. When the evil mayor of Oakton decides to bulldoze Liberty Park and build a dangerous amusement park in its place, Surly Squirrel and his ragtag group of animal friends need to band together to save their home, defeat the mayor, and take back the park. Through a famous painting "South Street Festival", a Taiwanese college boy unexpectedly travels 100 years back in time, back to the 1920's, when Taiwan was under Japanese rule. He is stuck, he panics, he wants to return to 2014 but soon changes his mind, not just because of the prettiest geisha girl in town... An action-packed horror comedy, BLOODSUCKING BASTARDS stars Fran Kranz as Evan, a dutiful and overworked employee stuck at a soul-killing corporation with his beautiful co-worker and girlfriend Amanda (Emma Fitzpatrick) and his slacker best friend Tim (Joey Kern). Evans world begins to crumble when Amanda dumps him and his boss Ted (Joel Murray) hands his coveted promotion to his nemesis Max (Pedro Pascal). When his office mates start going through disturbing changes, Evan must find a way to stop the evil brewing admist the cubicles, and rescue his workplace pals before his life and career go from dead-end... to just dead. Larry is an unqualified, unemployable, inebriated prankster who rides a tide of booze onto the glorious shores of an undiscriminating Quick-Lube.  Taking a part-time job vacuuming and washing windshields, Larry finds himself mixed up with hostile co-workers and unsatisfied customers, while also finding himself smitten with his lovely boss, Lupe Torrez.  Will Larry keep it together long enough to win the girl, provide for man's best friend (his dog Arrow), and do his grandmother proud? A young girl tries to help her grandfather, who is suffering from Alzheimer's, navigate his increasing forgetfulness, and ends up going on a remarkable adventure with him. Cal Weaver is living the American dream. He has a good job, a beautiful house, great children and a beautiful wife, named Emily. Cal's seemingly perfect life unravels, however, when he learns that Emily has been unfaithful and wants a divorce. Over 40 and suddenly single, Cal is adrift in the fickle world of dating. Enter, Jacob Palmer, a self-styled player who takes Cal under his wing and teaches him how to be a hit with the ladies. After the slums of Paris were engulfed in flames due to a serious of riots, the government inaugurated a plan which provided funding to non-profits that worked in the neighborhoods. The goal behind the plan was to develop programming to better occupy the 'kids of the projects'. Mathieu and Romuald received funding to expand 'Quartier TV' : a local television station based out of the community center in the Mines neighborhood outside of Paris. A dynamic and eclectic team forms: Nadia, a young radical journalist; Farid, an archaeology student; Souleymane, a promising young host; and the seductive Leila, a high school cinema intern. As they create various and original television programs, disagreements progressively arise between the members. When Jessica Parker's former high school boyfriend, superstar baseball player Chase Taynor, returns to town, she finds the inspiration to reinvent her struggling diner... and revisits the past to find something even better for the future.  Something is very wrong in the Southwestern desert! It starts when rogue rattlesnakes attack two young boys, and it goes downhill from there.  The local authorities summon herpetologist Dr. Tom Parkinson to investigate why the snakes are being such jerks. With the help of photographer and fledgling feminist Ann Bradley, the two of them embark on a haphazard and half-assed investigation - and romance. The hunt leads them to a nearby army base and its uncooperative commanding officer, Colonel Stroud. But when marauding rattlers kill two soldiers, the medical officer on the base can no longer keep silent and reveals the terrible secret, unleashing a chain of events, which lead to all kinds of explodey 1976 action, putting an end to the deadly rattlers.  Maybe...  This documentary was subjected to condemnation and attempts for institutional censorship as soon as it was done. The film observes how one man makes a career using another in the totalitarian society of Communist Bulgaria.  A recently laid off-man having a really bad day accidentally gets mistaken for a hijacker on a bus full of very extreme personalities. He really didn't mean to hijack this bus. But he's got nothing better to do, so he might as well make the most of it. An acerbic comedian becomes romantically entangled with her ex, his new girlfriend, and another guest during a weekend getaway. Real life married couple build a narrative surrounding the year they were married, asking "Does your relationship need to change for marriage and can marriage change for your relationship?" Features candid conversation on love, sex and wedding planning. The beautiful--but evil--Vampire Queen lusts after French punk-rock star Kiki of Les Fossoyeurs, and she is willing to do anything to get him--including devastating the entire planet! With dumb-luck on his side, Kiki continues to unwittingly evade her clutches in this cult classic. A slim uneducated guy is pressured into an arranged marriage with an overweight college girl. The mismatched couple is challenged to compete in the annual wife-carrying race. A rural couple in crisis, who have a brother and sister with urban problems, and all of them trying to find a solution. When white settlers start to move in on their sacred grounds, a tribe of female Indians vow to do anything they can to stop them. Aron stands in his life as an average 29-year-old weirdo. He has many contemporary complexes, a fresh university degree, and a recent break up. His parents have to support him financially as he is still a job seeker and while Aron is agonizing on his lost love, he is always interrupted by something; it seems like he's not the main character in his life. A driven, overworked and sleep deprived TV News woman's life is derailed when she inherits a house and dog in a small quirky town. Radio Personality, Michael Washington, known as "DJ Mike" makes fun of people's lives with prank phone calls on his radio show, JAB STAB. His jokes make his show #1 of all morning talk show in the state. However, behind the scenes of the radio show, many unpredictable events develop in Mike's personal life. It leads to an adventure that brings him to the brink of disaster, fighting for his own survival. Will he persevere? A still closeted young woman brings her girlfriend home for Thanksgiving, only to have her coming out efforts thwarted by the unexpected arrival of her male roommate. Jay is a former daytime TV star whose life has hit rock bottom until he meets his dream girl. Hannah is bright, beautiful and hates modern life. There's just one problem. How does Jay tell Hannah about the leaked sex tape which made him an internet sensation? The familiar tale of an immigrant family's journey to America is turned into a magical mystery tour as seen through the eyes of 11-year old Motl. The boy's imagination spins wildly as he and his family--loaded down with all their worldly goods and their other-worldly "baggage"--make their way from the shtetl to America. Inspired by the paintings of Marc Chagall, director Efim Gribov interprets the workings of Motl's imagination via comic and grotesque figures, ghosts from the past, and a dreamy, surreal atmosphere. The film's tragi-comic tone and theme involving the American Dream make for an inspired viewing experience. Italians in Berlin are a special breed. Thousands come every year to stay - and six years ago, filmmaker Alessandro was one of them. An old saying professes that after 6 years in a foreign country, you finally realize what you really are: an immigrant. You feel disoriented and homesick. Alessandro's quest for other Italians in Berlin evolves into a hilarious real life comedy Set amidst the 1999 student strikes in Mexico City, this coming-of-age tale finds two brothers venturing through the city in a sentimental search for an aging legendary musician. Shot in black-and-white, Gueros brims with youthful exuberance. THE WALKING DECEASED is the Scary Movie of the zombie genre, ripping on the biggest and best of zombie pop-culture, arguably the most crazed genre in the world. The story follows a group of survivors from all walks of the apocalypse - an idiotic Sheriff with definite coma-induced brain damage, his hardass son and a hobo with only a crossbow to stave off the walking dead, four squabbling friends forced to survive this zombieland together, and a lonely zombie who just needs love to fully regain his warm body - who leave their once-safe mall hideout in search of the rumored Safe Haven Ranch, a refuge untouched by the zombie virus that has ravaged humanity. But despite the comforting name, they discover that this sanctuary may not be as welcoming as advertised. Franklin and Mike find themselves trapped in the undead-infested Cyrene City, where they must attempt to lead a group of unconventional survivors to safety. As they join forces with the likes of a pregnant woman, a moronic arms dealer, and a mentally challenged man, they will have to determine which is worse: relying on each other or succumbing to the zombie mayhem. While this uprising of zombies has overwhelmed the city, Mr. Roberts, the CEO of R2 Pharmaceuticals, has sent in a team of mercenaries known as the S.I.E.G.E into Cyrene City to recover the only known antidote for his own financial gain. Not Another Zombie Movie... About the Living Dead is a hilarious twisted tale about survival versus morality during a zombie apocalypse. Watch as these survivors discover there is no such thing as a hero when zombies are trying to eat your face off. Fastlife: always go further, faster, to shine in the eyes of others: this is the motto of Franklin. Franklin is a megalomaniac obsessed by the desire to shine at any price. He will have to choose between becoming a man or continue to live the Fastlife... Ten-year-old Trenk, peasant and property of evil Sir Wertolt, wants to become a knight and free his family. His sword may be heavier than himself, but with unflagging practice, he's soon ready to take on terrifying dragons and save damsels in distress - before conquering their hearts! "Trenk, the Little Knight' is the highly anticipated new animated feature from the producers of "Lilly The Witch." Set in the Middle Ages, it features marvelously drawn and colored backdrops along with storylines whose castles, tournaments and courtly society convey a realistic, authentic depiction of medieval life. It tells the deeply moving story of a young boy who must learn what heroism and courage are before he rises from lowly peasant to shining knight. Based on the bestselling books by Kirsten Boie. Eddy and Stuart share two-thirds of a dormitory suite. Due to bureaucratic error, a woman named Alex is added to their room. At first, relations among the three are tense. Soon, however, Alex falls for Eddy, and Stuart lusts after Alex. Two young Spanish men, with a university education, are tired of unemployment and decide to move to Germany. But soon they will find out that finding a better living is not as easy as they expected. The six richest people in the world each have one thing still dragging them down.. their intolerable kids. Luckily, there is a mysterious entity that is happy to help. See, he has some monsters of his own and they are just dying to test out their skills.. One house. Six kids. Seven monsters. Who will be left standing? It's time for a showdown.. it's Kids Vs Monsters! Since their parents died at an early age, Susumu (Osamu Mukai) and Yoriko (Hairi Katagiri) have lived together. Susumu is now 33-years-old and Yoriko is 40-years-old. Both of them have yet to marry. They are like most siblings and they rely on each other. One day, Susumu and Yoriko receive a letter that is sent to the wrong address. Thor is imprisoned on the other side of the universe and finds himself in a race against time to get back to Asgard to stop Ragnarok, the destruction of his home-world and the end of Asgardian civilization, at the hands of an all-powerful new threat, the ruthless Hela. A team of reality TV paranormal investigators go to Mexico's most haunted house in the pursuit of better ratings. However, when the true dark secrets of the mansion begin to reveal themselves, the hapless team quickly discover that this house is no hoax. With zero genuine ghost-hunting experience, they have to figure out how to stop the ghosts and escape the house with their lives. After her father's death, a Hollywood agent goes to back to her home town to sell the old home. In the mean time she runs in with a string of old boyfriends, including the one she always he remembered. Who also runs her father's bar. A mischievous, swag-obsessed boy must overcome his inner Scrooge, or remain caught in a cycle where everyday is a Christmas without presents. Television scriptwriter Hung is the boyfriend of TV host Rose , a domineering woman who talks on the phone with somebody else while having sex with him.  Sean has a physique that gets him likened to Kung Fu Panda and the Hamburglar, and is generally a loser in the game of love. Then there's Shing, a lothario who attracts more than his fair share of women, but whose heart is set on an unattainable woman with a past in the form of nightclub hostess Miss Poon.  The three men meet at the funeral of Wong Chun-chun, a woman all of them have been involved with at different points in her life. Various assorted incidents lead to their becoming friends who can be called upon to help sort out each other's increasingly complex relationship woes. When Kylie Bucknell is sentenced to home detention, she's forced to come to terms with her unsociable behaviour, her blabbering mother and a hostile spirit who seems less than happy about the new living arrangement. In September 2011 writer Michel Houellebecq briefly disappeared off the face of the earth. Wild rumours began circulating on the Internet that he'd been abducted by Al-Qaeda or aliens from outer space. Some Twitter users even expressed relief that the controversial author was suddenly no longer around. This film now reveals what really happened: Three tough guys variously with impressive hairstyles and bodybuilder physiques carried off the star intellectual, taking him out of the daily stress of dodging autograph hunters and having his flat renovated and bringing him to a beautiful rural underdog idyll, full of dog grooming, bodybuilding demonstrations, junk cars and Polish sausages. But who was to pay the ransom? A night like any other in the streets of Hong Kong: in the midst of the tangle of night-owls, cars and vendors, a group of passengers climbs aboard a minibus that is to take them from Mongkok to Tai Po. The group is as diverse as the city: there's a young man on drugs, an arguing couple, a woman with prayer beads and a girl who has just fallen in love. And behind the wheel sits the chatty driver. But as the bus emerges from a tunnel, everything is suddenly quite still: the streets and buildings are all empty and there's not a soul to be seen; it's as if everyone has suddenly been swallowed by the earth. Only the millions of neon lights continue to blink, as if nothing has happened. The eclectic group of passengers seek refuge in a deserted cafe and discuss what they should do. Then they make an horrific discovery... The story of New Jersey's infamous Action Park is retold by visitors and those who worked there in this humorous, short documentary. Once America's Jewel, Sewer City sits on the edge of her toilet seat, as all citizens tremble in fear of the Sewer City Killer. This foul, possibly eternal serial killer, has taken a liking to coming up through the sewer pipes, and murdering people as the sit on the toilet. The Citizens are fed up, and Mayor Fred Tickle-burger is feeling the backlash. He hires a homeless plumber, who goes only by the name, Bum Plum, to hunt the serial killer, and destroy him. To make sure the bum doesn't lose his nerve, he holds his hooker wife, hostage. Who will win in the epic battle between circle saw, and plunger? After the early death of his wife, a mourning father moves with his teenage son across the country for a private school teaching job. Their lives begin to transform due to two unique women, who help them embrace life and love again Deep into a forest, a gathering of wild animals start a nocturnal opera, conducted by a squirrel. An anthology feature film that will honestly explore the ups and downs and intricacies of love and romance within the L.G.B.T. community, a drama that will make you laugh, and a comedy that will bring tears to your eyes. It's a film that will prove no matter what community you belong to; life and love are always confusing.  In a world of smoke and mirrors, we expose the movers, shakers and key players who puppeteer the brightest talent and engineer the most exclusive events during one of the biggest film festivals in the world. Three little mice found a kitten in a mice town... All the mice in the town scared except the little mice... Pinku from 2014. A look at the making of the Swedish splatter classic, Evil Ed. Dil Deewana depicts two love stories simultaneously. Suraj and Sri Lakshmi have been in love with each other for 5 years. But Suraj keeps postponing their marriage since he has some financial issues and this makes Sri Lakshmi part ways with him. The other story has Santosh, an aspiring filmmaker who falls in love with Divya, who is a costume designer, and even this couple part ways because of their differences. How will the two stories end? Will they end up overcoming their problems and be together in the end? A Christian kid suddenly is forced to go to a public school after his father dies and because of a misunderstanding everyone thinks that he's a Muslim. Contemporary Chinese artist Sun Xun uses woodblock printing, a centuries-old technique, to reimagine and transform the 21st century medium of digital animated film. In Time Spy (2016), Sun Xun has created a three-dimensional cinematic world that roams freely across time and cultures, following an enigmatic and visually driven narrative that draws its influences from both Eastern and Western traditions of art, history, myth, and imagination. A comic road movie about a late adulthood. On a summer weekend two old schoolmates in their early forties start a road journey in search of their old classmate Nadia, who has joined a convent somewhere in the south of Greece. The best women of British acting go to an audition for a dream role, primed to take on the role of a lifetime: that complex woman, the strong woman, a woman for today. A perpetually miserable man finds happiness when he starts dating a manic pixie dream girl, to the befuddlement of his cynical best friend. Claimed as a 'dependent' by his successful bread-winning girlfriend Alice, Cam struggles to prove himself as he stumbles through different jobs and life's obstacles in the hopes to live out his Hollywood dream and finally rise to the occasion. Rhona, a yoga instructor committed to a vegan lifestyle, must entertain Leo, her red meat-loving, blue collar father-in-law, as she waits for her husband to join them for dinner. When Leo attempts to apologize for a past insult, he instead opens up a debate that challenges her belief system. Their conversation quickly escalates into a heated argument that scrutinizes animal cruelty, climate change, health, morality, and spirituality. Endorsed by PETA (People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals) and reminiscent of the classic film My Dinner With Andre, Living Things presents a compelling dialogue about humanity and the benefits of a healthier, environmentally-conscious lifestyle. A military group of alpinists are selected to carry out a secret mission. The fate of humanity depends on their success. The rules of the mission require the death of each participant once his or her task is accomplished. After killing one of their colleagues and splitting into several groups, the alpinists continue their journey. But the human unconscious doesn't follow military orders. Having once committed murder, the "knights" can't control their desire to kill. They forgot their mission... and kill each other instead. --University of Pittsburgh Two strangers participate in an experiment designed to make them fall in love by asking each another 36 increasingly personal questions. A nasty, nasty comedy. A reality TV crew is making a programme, 'Ghost TV' about the haunted buildings that are the ruins of Seacliff Lunatic Asylum. As one might expect things do not go to plan. One of the crew is not very emotionally stable and when she discovers that she has been used callously by another crew member she snaps and runs off into the night, only to return with violent intent. In a sleepy mountain town nestled in rural America, seven foreign exchange students set out to tackle the 'American Dream'. The fourth installment of the 'Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them' series which follows the adventures of Newt Scamander. Glen, a former sperm donor and recently diagnosed sociopath, takes his daughter on a murder spree of his sperm-donated offspring in the dark comedy, 'Spermicide.' Newly-divorced Carol moves with her kids, Amanda (16) and Adam (12), from rural Michigan to a Victorian house near Chicago. As the three begin to adjust to their new surroundings, strange things start happening. Creepy noises. Unexplained messes. Old punk rock albums missing. Suspecting the house is haunted, Adam and Amanda hire a wacky medium and a team of bumbling paranormal investigators to help, then discovers on her own that the house is haunted by the ghost of a 17-year-old punk guitarist named Brian, and his fun-loving band of dead pals. Amanda and Brian form a friendship that soon veers toward romance. When the past collides with the present, how will Amanda solve her future?  Hot Property is an (un)romantic comedy about love, greed and estate agents.  Melody Munro is a corporate spy with a big problem - she's spending everything she has and a few things she hasn't on her lavish lifestyle. But when she gets caught embezzling money from her company she is fired on the spot. No more car, no more credit cards, she can't even afford Nespresso capsules.  When her (now ex) friend and landlord calls to throw her out of the flat, it is the final blow. She will take no more. Melody vows to defend 'her' home at all costs. She uses her spy skills to take on her landlord, a raft of hipster tenants and a psychotic estate agent A grandfather's love stories enlighten a jaded man and a moonstruck girl about the realities of love.  Shahdokht who is the wife of the famous actor Parviz, accidentally enters the world of cinema by being cast as an actress in Parviz's last film and becomes a serious rival for him. He becomes jealous of her and their relationship becomes sour. Until their daughter who lives in Europe is suddenly return home without a notice. When Adam helps his nutty ex-girlfriend Miriam artificially inseminate, it turns into a one-night stand-- and they both wind up pregnant. You see, Adam has been transitioning to living as a man. Now torn between his feelings for Miriam and his need for a masculine identity, Adam must figure out whether he's going to settle down and have a baby, or just try to be one of the guys. In the Philippine remake of the 2014 South Korean film of the same name, an elderly woman in her 70s suddenly finds herself to be in her 20s after having her picture taken in a mysterious photo studio. Bonus DVD included in the limited digipack version of Catharsis, filmed at The Regency Ballroom, San Francisco, CA, 21 February, 2015. A retiring detective tries to discover the identity of a half charred woman found in front of a District Attorney's boat who is pursuing a child serial killer. Pooja Mathew, a spirited young girl, wants to have a love marriage in her life. Thus, she stops at nothing to impress Giri, who saved her once from a group of unruly men. A former child soldier under Joseph Kony moves to the United States and works his way up in a booty-injection empire in this film based on Scarface. Three old friends who have drifted apart over the years reunite to dig up a "treasure" they buried when they were children. Following the death of their estranged father, Joni and Wes Carver travel to Arkansas to deal with their inheritance: a rundown house in a rural town, arriving just in time for Decoration Week-end - wherein former residents return to celebrate their ancestors. It is here, in a sea of strangers living and dead, that Joni and Wes finally find their place in the story of their own lives. A man just released from a mental institution gets involved in a gold mine scheme while trying to avoid the cops, a wrathful drug dealer, and a sultry femme fatale. With their university graduation nearing, a group of young students grapple with the inevitable fact that they must now become young "adults". John Red Elk hears from his relatives down in Minneapolis that his Uncle Norton is dead and vows to go to the big city to find out what really happened to him. At its heart, "The Jingle Dress" is a contemporary story of a Native American family that moves from their rural home on the reservation in northern Minnesota to the faster paced urban environment of Minneapolis. We follow the Red Elk family as they experience city culture through their unvarnished perspective, as well as gain insight into their Indigenous culture and traditions. Angels and man and the angel in man. The difficulties of an inexperienced young angel with an unwilling, stubborn client. In this anime anthology, a salvage ship crew happens upon a haunted vessel in "Magnetic Rose"; a cold tablet turns a lab worker into a biological weapon in "Stink Bomb"; and an urban populace carries on an endless war with an unseen foe in "Cannon Fodder." A technology-obsessed couple is forced to examine their relationship during a blackout When Greg meets Niamh, everything seems to be fantastic. She's exciting, fun, charming- everything Greg wishes he could be. But he hits a bump in the road when he realises that Niamh doesn't exist. Five young men convene on a mansion to meet the mysterious AMINA, who has lured them there to become her new consort in the immortal life of a vampire. Simon is an outcast from his Jewish community because he claims that the devil talks to him and he has the ability to put curses on crops. When Dovid asks the 'Squire' to sell him some land so he can build a railway station, a ruthless businessman from the neighbouring gentile community uses Simon to find out who wants to buy the land so he can 'persuade' him otherwise My Guys is a light-hearted comedy revolving around the trials and tribulations of Georgette and her entourage of gay men. This twenty-nine year old, full figured waitress is rather content with her lot until an unwelcomed guest blows her little world to pieces. Enter Janine Theresa Douglas directly from the pages of a fashion magazine. She is tall, skinny and loves to drink...the ideal woman! And she wants Georgette's guys, but Georgette doesn't take the challenge lying down. She hatches a plan to rid herself of this interloper, but the outcome is not necessarily the one Georgette had anticipated. An aspiring actor in Hollywood meets an enigmatic stranger by the name of Tommy Wiseau, the meeting leads the actor down a path nobody could have predicted; creating the worst movie ever made. In Ancient Polynesia, when a terrible curse incurred by Maui reaches an impetuous Chieftain's daughter's island, she answers the Ocean's call to seek out the demigod to set things right. Shi Shen is the top performer in the Tiger Crane Lion Dance Association, but feels restricted by Master He's traditional mindset. He decides to form his own lion dance troupe, which fuses hip hop and rock with lion dance movements. A major Lion Dance Competition is coming up and Mikey is groomed to be Shi Shen's successor, but he is plagued by a fear of heights. The situation worsens when both Mikey and Shi Shen fall for the Tiger Crane master's daughter, Xiaoyu. This is a story, actually a fairytale for adults, that expresses how life could be beautiful, if only mankind would get out of its own way and enjoy it for a change.  Three estranged foster brothers rediscover the ruins of their childhood kingdom 'Oxenfree'...and face down the monster living within. Womanizing workaholic Neil returns to Michigan to reunite with his brother after their father dies. As they try to sell the family home, their interactions are as chilly as the frost-covered February landscape. But Neil's facade thaws under the glow of his brother's charismatic fiancee. Chicago writer-director Patrick Underwood crafts a big-hearted romantic melodrama about rebuilding. Inspired by the Seven Deadly Sins. A series of shorts that will terrify, stupefy, hilarify and make the world just a bit brighter. A lazy law school grad adopts a kid to impress his girlfriend, but everything doesn't go as planned and he becomes the unlikely foster father. Called in to recover evidence in the aftermath of a horrific explosion on a New Orleans ferry, Federal agent Doug Carlin gets pulled away from the scene and taken to a top-secret government lab that uses a time-shifting surveillance device to help prevent crime. A cunning and resourceful housewife vows revenge on her husband when he begins an affair with a wealthy romance novelist. Hollywood veteran Bing Russell creates the only independent baseball team in the country--alarming the baseball establishment and sparking the meteoric rise of the 1970s Portland Mavericks. Kasi picks up a phone that belongs to businessman Karthik on an impulse. What he doesn't realize is that the phone had compromising videos of the latter, which soon leads to trouble for both the young men. When a meteor shower rains down outside Los Angeles, Jonas and Lars, two friends stuck in tired, boring lives, head out to find a meteor and strike it rich. After recovering one, they start being stalked by terrordactyls, ancient flying reptiles that launch a full-on assault on the city. Trying to survive, they go on the run... The film's story revolves around the family of the Qureshis and their pet animal goat. Circumstances result in the goat acquiring rock star status in his village and beyond. Eight young people from different backgrounds accidentally robb a bank at the same time. Each has different reasons and motives: confusion, hobbies, fun, adrenaline sports, even to support orphanages and the poor.  The eight robbers are divided into three teams with different skills and experiences. Robbery which initially began as a coincidence, is besieged by super pretty police women. Eventually they must work together and find the answer to the puzzle and looked for the best solution. A bizarre and twisted punk rock comedy/horror show with the punks showing their day-to-day life of partying, fighting and dying, and the two undercover cops who are tracking them. William has failed to kill himself so many times that he outsources his suicide to aging assassin Leslie. But with the contract signed and death assured within a week (or his money back), William suddenly discovers reasons to live... However Leslie is under pressure from his boss to make sure the contract is completed. Three stand-up comedians seek fame and fortune in the hottest comedy scene in the world: San Francisco in the 1980s. Headfirst is a black comedy about a single mother with anger management problems and her teenage daughter who is always in trouble at school. With yet another school comes a new teacher and a blast from the past for the mother. Before long, an accidental pickpocket and a notoriously lousy storyteller teams up with this one dysfunctional sort of a family. Nothing is the same anymore. Headfirst is a story about missing teeth, strange friends, hidden dreams and long-gone love. And about a hare. Needing a sudden escape from the city, Robbie leaves Brooklyn to stay in the Hudson Valley with his aunt, who runs a home for pregnant teens. As the only man in the house, Robbie captures the attention of many of the girls, and when he strikes up a friendship with Nina, who is dealing with her own relationship troubles, tensions run high in the house. In trying to stop Nina from making the biggest mistake of her life, Robbie finds himself caught in a love triangle between Nina and her baby daddy, Chase. Yellowbird lives in the ruins of an old house. He lacks the confidence to leave his home, no matter how much Bug, his labybird friend, tries to convince him to go out into the world. Attempts to toughen him up have had little success, so Bug seizes an opportunity that leaves Yellowbird unexpectedly finding himself the new leader of the flock that is migrating to Africa. Still, lacking faith in his own abilities and with danger and imminent failure lurking around every corner, our feathered hero is forced to either find the strength required to work with the team or bow out and stay hidden away forever. "Huat Ah! Huat Ah! Huat!" is an inspirational comedy for audiences young and old alike. The film tells the story of Ah Huat, a youth who strives for success but never goes against his motto of being honest. Ah Huat reflects a simple Malaysian Chinese man who treats everyone with kindness and sincerity. In a Paris hotel room, Jack Whitman lies on a bed. His phone rings; it's a woman on her way to see him, a surprise. She arrives and the complications of their relationship emerge in bits and pieces. Will they make love? Is their relationship over? (A prequel to "The Darjeeling Limited," 2007.) Nick is excited to discover that he's won a dinner date with his favorite actress, Jill Goddard. But when Jill refuses to honor the contest, he receives an offer he can't refuse: the ability to view Jill secretly via computer. Nick begins watching the unknowing star on her webcam, not realizing that this decision will put both himself and Jill at risk as they enter a terrifying world of cat-and-mouse where nothing-and no one-are as they seem. Two young men plot to escape a dystopian future London ruled by corporate tyrant The Impresario  In any Hotel, there are stories. Each guest there has one, a past, a conflict, as well as hope. Set in a hotel over the course of 24 hours, 'Checking In', tells five stories, each allowing us an insight into some of these guests. What happens when an Asian wedding goes awry? Can a one-night stand be more than just that? Will a singer regain her inspiration? And can you really get away with stealing the complimentary soap!? These are just some of the stories you will find when you 'check in'. A conflicted young couple, a poly amorous trio trying to dig a hole, and a mysterious recluse spin a tale of love, murder and madness. A romantic, violent, life-changing day in the life of eight teenagers. In 1984--before cell phones, the web, and reality TV, a young director set out to document a year in the life of a typical California high school. The result was "All American High", an unusually honest and humorous look at 80's teen life. Told through the eyes of a visiting foreign exchange student, the film presents an uncensored view of senior year in the era of big hair, punks and parachute pants. Thirty years after they lived it, some of the film's original subjects return in new interviews, revisiting one of the most memorable chapters in their lives. Our RoboCop Remake is a crowd-sourced film project based on the 1987 Paul Verhoeven classic. Organized through Channel 101 and a bunch of other places, we're 50 filmmakers (amateur and professional)  from Los Angeles and New York who have split the original RoboCop up into individual pieces and have remade the movie ourselves.  Not necessarily a shot-for-shot remake, but a scene-for-scene retelling. As big fans of the original RoboCop, and as filmmakers and film fans admittedly rolling our eyes at the Hollywood remake machine, we've elected to do this remake thing our own way. A lonely hotel by a lonely road. Sarah is lost, looking for somewhere to sleep. She's come to the wrong place. A lonely hotel by a lonely road. Sarah is lost, Jenny is looking for her. She's come to the right place. The Bridgeburn Hotel Gabrielle is writing an illustrated guide book on sex called 'How To Do It.' At a book signing she meets Saul, an established male writer who is straight. She both loves and hates his work which has seeped into her secular Jewish life from childhood. The more Gabrielle tells him about her book the more he wants to know about her life; the relationship with her younger girlfriend Olivia and her determination to "stop using my penis in sex". As her book takes form, is Saul jealous or desirous? Their friendship is tested as is Gabrielle's relationship with Olivia. The film muses on how we write, how we draw. And the nature of "story" and what it makes us do. Music rules and rainbows rock as Twilight Sparkle and pals compete for the top spot in the Canterlot High "Mane Event" talent show. The girls must rock their way to the top, and outshine rival Adagio Dazzle and her band The Dazzlings, to restore harmony back to Canterlot High. Mountain Men is a comedy/drama that follows two estranged brothers, Toph and Cooper, as they journey to a remote family cabin in the mountains to evict a squatter. Buried resentment and bruised egos soon derail the plan and when the smoke clears they've destroyed their car and burned down the cabin, leaving them stranded in the cold Rocky Mountain winter. With their very survival at stake, they must learn to work together as brothers to get back to civilization. After winning second place in a play writing contest, Bulgarian Krasimira Stanimirova travels to the rolling hills of Kentucky for the premiere of her dark, Communist-era autobiographical play 'Black Coat. In New York City for their annual tradition of Christmas Eve debauchery, three lifelong best friends set out to find the Holy Grail of Christmas parties since their yearly reunion might be coming to an end. When a young coffee shop owner is threatened with repossession she must take a chance with life and love as she fights to save her business. Pauly Shore Stands Alone is a true-life road documentary. The camera follows Pauly on a snowy mid-western comedy club tour, while Pauly deals with moving his ailing mother, Mitzi Shore, out of her West Hollywood mansion of 40 years. In 2009, students of all walks of life at the Arts &amp; Learning Children's Conservatory in Anaheim, CA set out to produce their own live musical parody version of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back (1980), as interpreted through their young talents. Follow the young actors, artists, musicians (and a few supervising adults) as they audition, rehearse and perform their take on this classic film. Set in the Joseon Period, three beautiful musketeers fight against a powerful group who tries to overturn the royal family and gain absolute power. The leader of the Beautiful Three Musketeers is Jin-Ok (Ha Ji-Won), a smart and righteous woman. Hong-Dan (Gang Ye-Won) is the only married woman among the three women. Ga-Bi (Son Ga-In) is the youngest among the musketeers and excels at fighting. Sachiko Suzuki (Naoho Ichihashi) is a female high school student. She claims that she is an alien and her mission on Earth is to conceive a child with a human man. Sachicko seduces her class teacher Mr. Fukuda (Yukichi Kobayashi). After their intimate encounter, Mr. Fukuda becomes becomes convinced that Sachiko is not a human.  Meanwhile, female student Kobato Hagimoto (Yumi Ishikawa) knows that Mr. Murata (Toshiya Sakai) has a crush on some male students. Because of this, Mr. Murata is treated as a pig by Kobata until he can't bear the situation anymore. A right-wing talk show host's life takes a sudden turn when his 16-year-old niece comes crashing into his life. Two British best friends and in-laws Dawn and Jackie work together at a factory. When Dawn is diagnosed with a brain tumor Jackie shares $100,000 she's got from her secret lover with Dawn to fulfil her dream - a visit to Las Vegas. They buy two tickets and fly there... Spirits get miffed when their haunted home is slated to be torn down to make way for a shopping mall. Boothnath vows to redeem himself when spirits tease him, and searches for a child to terrify. He befriends Akhrot, a slum kid, and helps him take on the country's most powerful politician.  The true story of pilot Barry Seal, who transported contraband for the CIA and the Medellin cartel in the 1980s. Stand-up comic Gabriel Iglesias delights audiences during his sold-out "Unity Through Laughter" tour, which spans more than 400 cities in 23 countries. During his set, Iglesias -- nicknamed "Fluffy" -- pounces on topics like communicating with his teenage son, struggling with his weight, performing his concert tour across India, and handling the reappearance of his father after a 30-year absence. A beautiful sexy DJ is forced to run when she stumbles on a stash of cash. Can she keep the money, conquer her demons, AND get the girl? Mrs. Santa Claus is a 1996 American made-for-television musical fantasy-comedy film starring Angela Lansbury in the title role as Mrs. Claus, the wife of Santa Claus. The film was billed as the first original musical written for television since Rodgers and Hammerstein's Cinderella in 1957. It was originally broadcast as a Hallmark Entertainment presentation on CBS on December 8, 1996. A middle-aged doctor who has a wife and two children and a calm peaceful life falls in love with a woman 30 years younger than him and marries her. This put him in many more troubles. The movie theme in connection with the temporary marriage raises the comedic atmosphere. Maisie and Daisy McCormack are two ordinary 12-year-olds finding their way through life in the 21st century. Oh, and they may have just hijacked a movie. A romantic comedy set in space, or - to be more specific - planet Earth which follows world-weary banker Zac on his search for his eccentric sister, Alice, who goes missing while on a narrowboat trip with her new boyfriend.  Three friends comedically compete for the same woman. Biblical archaeologist Don Verdean is hired by a local church pastor to find faith-promoting relics in the Holy Land. But after a fruitless expedition he is forced to get creative in this comedy of faith and fraud. While recovering from a suicide attempt, Ben Layton accidentally falls in love with a girl who was very nearly, almost his sister - and then things start to get weird. In 1984, American heavy metal band Twisted Sister became a global sensation. For 30 years, they been synonymous with hairspray, women's clothing and tasteless album covers. Until now. Ten years ago, director Andrew Horn was granted access to the archives of Twisted Sister founder Jay French and in We are Twisted fucking Sister he explores the decade that preceded their breakthrough. Street dancer Skyler comes out of the shadow of her trained dancer sister, Tosha, & joins a dance competition with the Honey dance studio; the prize is a college scholarship.  Under the loving but firm guidance of an old fan turned director and cultural diplomat, and to the surprise of a whole world, the ex-Yugoslavian cult band Laibach becomes the first rock group ever to perform in the fortress state of North Korea. During Chinese New Year, security guard Ah Beng (Jack Lim) receives a call from his company. He is asked to cancel his Lunar New Year holiday for a simple mission, which infuriates him. However, Ah Beng immediately changes his mind knowing that the mission promises a handsome reward of RM1 million. Advice columnist, Dan Burns is an expert on relationships, but somehow struggles to succeed as a brother, a son and a single parent to three precocious daughters. Things get even more complicated when Dan finds out that the woman he falls in love with is actually his brother's new girlfriend. Chal Bhaag kickstarts with an MLA being murdered by three shooters. The incident coincides with the arresting of Munna, Bunty and Daler for their small time crimes. Zapadnaia Ukraina, 1945 god. Po dannym razvedki Pervogo Ukrainskogo fronta v raion Karpat napravliaetsia gruppa nemetskikh spetsnazovtsev pod rukovodstvom nekoego Gintse s tsel'iu naiti zdes' zoloto... Chtoby operedit' vraga sovetskie razvedchiki verbuiut lesnika, kotoryi vmeste s chekistskoi Ol'goi dolzhen, iakoby, iskat' mesto dlia vyrubki lesa. Na samom dele pered nimi stoit zadacha sledit' za deistviiami diversionnoi gruppy i naiti zoloto ran'she nemtsev. Four criminals abscond with the money that they have stolen on a job, and end up in a remote village. Meanwhile, the gangster under whom they work is trying to trace their whereabouts. A boy growing up in Dublin during the 1980s escapes his strained family life by starting a band to impress the mysterious girl he likes.  ABNKKBSNPLako?! The Movie follows the timeline of writer Bob Ong's school days, the main concept is to reminiscent the unforgettable memories of the old high school life. Douglas Sirk's first feature film. A road trip, undertaken by Rishi Kapoor and Abhishek Bachchan, is later joined by their mother. The whole Belier family is deaf, except for sixteen year old Paula who is the important translator in her parents' day to day life especially when it comes to matters concerning the family farm. When her music teacher discovers she has a fantastic singing voice and she gets an opportunity to enter a big Radio France contest the whole family's future is set up for big changes. Ex-cons encounter an odd request when they get into the wedding planning business. Beneath the fake blood and cheap masks of countless haunted house attractions across the country, there are whispers of truly terrifying alternatives. Looking to find an authentic, blood-curdling good fright for Halloween, five friends set off on a road trip in an RV to track down these underground Haunts. Just when their search seems to reach a dead end, strange and disturbing things start happening and it becomes clear that the Haunt has come to them... SEX AND BROADCASTING is a feature length documentary about New Jersey's WFMU, the world's strangest and most unique radio station, and one man's attempt to keep it alive in the face of recession, the persistent threat of commercial media, and the challenges that come with keeping a rebellious group of outsiders together. In the small town of Ottawa, Illinois, where a rumor can spread like the plague and nobody's business is their own, six friends decide to change their weekly routine of watching movies in the basement and talking shit, to go out for a night on the town. On most nights this wouldn't be that taxing. But tonight isn't most nights. With rumors of the police commissioner's alleged disappearance circulating, and the mayor enacting a strict curfew, it doesn't take long for things to spiral out of control and the whole town to go mad. Is it just hysteria? Is it a curse? Is it Abraham Lincoln's fault? Nobody knows. But for the gang, only one thing is certain. They should have NEVER left the basement. Goofy (front) and Donald (rear) are dressed in a moose suit, trying to lure moose for hunter Mickey. When they do find one, it turns out to be more than they can handle.  An aging cowboy must choose between his desire to remain free and the responsibilities of maintaining a family. Forest City depends entirely on the Aikens Christmas decoration factory. Local economics graduate Judith 'Noelle' Dunn returned there to finish her thesis by analyzing the plant. A freak near-accident matches her with adventurous drifter Justin Allen, whom she gets a menial job in the factory. Alas the late founder discretely footed systematical losses. His haughty granddaughter Ashley Aikens arrives to check if the firm can be made profitable. Noelle is jealous when Ashley keeps contacting Justin, who swears only to have eyes for her. It turns out he is key to more secrets, but will they work for good or bad?  Pin-up vixens vs. bloodthirsty zombies, set in post-apocalyptic Hollywood. In 2002, cable news producer Kim Barker decides to shake up her routine by taking a daring new assignment in Kabul, Afghanistan. Dislodged from her comfortable American lifestyle, Barker finds herself in the middle of an out-of-control war zone. Luckily, she meets Tanya Vanderpoel, a fellow journalist who takes the shell-shocked reporter under her wing. Amid the militants, warlords and nighttime partying, Barker discovers the key to becoming a successful correspondent. Siva is fascinated by cinema and runs a rundown movie theater. With his theater in financial trouble, he goes to Chennai to meet his childhood friend Madankumar, who is now a film director, and seek his help. Marcus Williams is a city detective who is unwillingly thrust into a partnership with Minister Samuel Gray to solve a gang-related shooting. As the mismatched duo begin their journey, they soon discover the incident is part of something bigger, and catching the killer means stopping an all-out gang war. Through the investigation, Marcus and Samuel both learn that saving lives means learning to work together in this buddy cop dramedy. A father living in the forests of the Pacific Northwest with his six young kids tries to assimilate back into society. Alison, a teen, is facing pregnancy. With nowhere to turn, she finds herself in a "clinic" about to end her baby's life. Suddenly a man appears. His mop tells her he's the janitor. Conversation begins and it quickly becomes clear that this man is no mere janitor, but Jesus manifest. And he's come to save the life of her baby. Sanju (Sanjay Dutt) a con-man and petty thief, gets in the bad books of Jogia Seth (Paresh Rawal) and ends up owing him money, which he does not have. In order to get money, Sanju decides to pose as a member of the Shastri family, so that he can gain their confidence and help himself to their wealth. But fate has something else in store for Sanju. Offline is a short disaster comedy film that takes the very real threat of losing your internet connection and treats it like it's the actual end of the world. An out-of-work New York City actress returns home to the quaint small town she escaped 10 years before and finds a place far different than the hamlet she left. She suddenly finds performing possibilities and even romance that kind of blow her away. Five American soldiers fighting in Europe during World War II struggle to return to Allied territory after being separated from U.S. forces during the historic Malmedy Massacre. It's the Christmas night in a small country in the South of Italy. Relatives are coming for party and the young boy is shooting everything by his Iphone to post amusing videos on Internet. But the Iphone starts filming strange things and the Christmas party becomes a zombie night.  A young man fired from his job finds bundles of cash at his doorstep. He decides to keep it but two gangs, to whom the money belongs, come after him. Can he dodge them and getaway with the cash? Gautham and Nithya become friends after their respective partners ditch them to get married. Friendship turns to love for Gautham but things turn complicated when Nithya gets engaged to Raja. She calls off the engagement but now, he is in a rebound relationship with Kavya. Will the two express their love for each other? Upcoming Malayalam movie, Chengazhi Nambiar This Christmas the pupils of St Bernadette's and their much-loved, madcap teacher Mr. Poppy are back for their biggest adventure yet involving fantastic flashmobs, excitable elves, Christmas carols and of course Archie the donkey! When their new teacher Mr. Shepherd loses his memory and forgets all about Christmas, as well as his fiancee Sophie and the whereabouts of the beloved Archie, it's up to the pupils of St Bernadette's to save the day. Led by the ever enthusiastic Mr Poppy, they embark on a Christmas journey like never before - but time is against them if they are to help Mr Shepherd get to New York in time for his magical yuletide wedding!  Horror junkie Joe Foster gets to live out his ultimate scary movie fantasy courtesy of Fear Inc., a company that specializes in giving you the fright of your life. But as lines blur between what is and is not part of the game, Joe's dream come true begins to look more like a nightmare. Things are hectic in heaven. Dozens of scribes sit before a long scroll incessantly scribbling away. They are composing the biographies of earth-dwellers. What is invented by the men in heaven is lived out below. And their employer, God, is increasingly vehement in demanding avant-garde ideas. Take, for example, the beautiful Yuri, a girl who dies in a car crash. Some of the heavenly scribes find this very dull and send former gangster Chas, who has become a heavenly tea-boy, back down to earth with instructions to save Yuri no matter what. And so Chas ends up in Okinawa, gets to know the earth-dwellers, interferes in their fates, becomes celebrated as 'Mr Angel' and is hounded by brutal enemies. His falling in love with Yuri is of course a foregone conclusion. But no one could anticipate what happens next. Not even God himself The local theater is producing a mystery that crime fiction expert Amy unearthed. When one of the actress' life is threatened, Amy & Travis must uncover which character is playing for keeps. Rudi wears a suit, Daniel rides a bike. But despite all the differences between the two brothers, they become interested in the same woman. For different reasons, however - as Nora soon discovers...A comedy with depths, about loyalty, family ties and manipulation. Francis and Claudia are good friends . He is a lawyer, she is veterinary doctor. Among them there are no secrets , until John arrives. Claudia decides to marry him. Francis realizes that friendship between man and women is more complicated. So Boring, a nobody who has no love from everyone except from childhood sweetheart Bobo, receives a weird text message one day, saying: Ever thought of deleting those you dislike? An effort to solve two lifelong mysteries---who was David Whiting (who died mysteriously in an Arizona motel during a Hollywood film shoot) and what was the cause of his death? And what was the mythic 'Cesar Romero joke' which all the filmmaker's classmates still remember as utterly hilarious (but nobody can recall what the joke actually was)? Jack is a hopeless romantic. Angel is a down-to-Earth in-the-closet-party-goer. Jack meets Angel and it's love at first sight, but Angel rejects Jack, now it's Diana, a fiery trans-gender to the rescue! This is Seki A Oe: A Crazy Samoan Love Story. It's 1985 and while the country is focused in the victories of the national cyclists in the Tour of France, life changes in the blink of an eye for Elvis Antonio, a 12 year old boy passionate for pro cycling, and now he must take a painful but hilarious journey that leads him to discover the biggest secret his family keeps. A group of backpackers diving in a ruined underwater city discover that they have stumbled into the territory of the ocean's deadliest shark species.   Poor Gregory, after being released from the Wishing Well Sanatorium, all he wants to do is make the children happy. So Gregory reopens the old ice cream factory, and all the unappreciative brats are reprocessed into the flavor of the day. Spoof of the "Taken" franchise. An ex-CIA agent who is now a mall security guard discovers that things are being taken from him. He must team up with his mom, also an ex-CIA agent, to defeat his rival and save his family. Four girlfriends take a trip to New Orleans for an annual festival and, along the way, rediscover their wild sides and strengthen the bonds of sisterhood. There's a magical door in Woody's closet that allows those who go through it to erase mistakes from their past. When he finds out where it goes, his life will be changed forever. Closing night at a rural bar gets complicated when a blizzard traps a motley crew of misfits overnight. When a San Francisco librarian decided to produce a filmed remake of the Jerome Kern, Oscar Hammerstein musical Show Boat, a large number of actors and aspiring performers auditioned. The auditions, which included performances by nudists, tap-dancing nuns, and turtles were later televised, and this film includes that footage as well as interviews with the performers. In 1993, Alabama based amateur filmmaker Warren Werner shot his first feature film, Pumpkin, on VHS. With a budget of only $600, a cast of friends, family, and unknown talent, the movie premiered at the local civic center and generated an immediate backlash from the community. Rumors that Warren and his girlfriend Samantha Dixon engaged in Satanic rituals began to spread throughout town. In the months following the premiere, Warren and Samantha committed suicide. The following year, another group of filmmakers began shooting a documentary about the deaths of Warren and Samantha. The documentary project was never completed, and Pumpkin was never released. The Nobodies is Warren Werner's Pumpkin, in it's entirety, cut together with the remaining documentary footage of the director's life and death. After finding an old storage locker filled with his family's history, James Erikson begins a journey to discover the truth behind a mysterious piece of land in the small town of Solitude. This comedy release from stand-up performer Gary Owen captures a live set by the funnyman, recorded in front of a sold-out crowd. Packed full of the comic's trademark blend of angry rants and witty observations, The release also features a special documentary on the making of the program. A boy's life is affected when his mother neglects him and shows all her affection to his elder brother.  Desika made his directorial debut with the film, after having apprenticed under Thambi Ramaiah, Sairamani and Sakthi Chidambaram for fifteen years. He approached real estate businessman Jaya Ilavarasan with the script and succeeded in convincing him to make his first film. The team began filming scenes across Chennai in September 2012 under the title of Vaalu. During production, the film faced a legal tussle over the title with the makers of the Silambarasan starrer Vaalu. The Producers Council concluded that Desika's team had not registered the title and subsequently the film used Rettai Vaalu instead.  The music for the film was composed by V. Selvaganesh and the lyrics were written by Vairamuthu. In June 2013, the team held an audio launch function where the first CD was released by Vairamuthu and received by producers R. B. Choudary and Keyar. A man who has difficulty in choosing between two girls for his life partner approaches a psychiatrist for help. You don't need a reason to party, but your wife not loving you anymore is a pretty good one.  Explores the early events leading up to Red Dog's discovery on the road to Dampier, and his ultimate rise from ordinary dog to Australian legend. Based on the comic by Masahiro Itosugi Based on the comic by Masahiro Itosugi A consumer grade DLP projector is powered on without a signal. Home for Thanksgiving break after their first semester at college, five friends discover just how much things change (and don't) after high school. Former prom king and college freshman Scott returns home for Thanksgiving break and gets dumped by his long-term girlfriend. With his world turned upside down, Scott strikes an unlikely friendship with former classmate Tori, an ugly duckling who blossomed in her first semester of college, and they embark on an outrageous adventure through their hometown. But when Scott and Tori start falling in love, they realize that a few months away may have changed them more than they realized. Tamizh and his two friends are offered a huge sum of money by businessman Hippie Lahiri to kidnap Isha, who, incidentally, happens to be Tamizh's lover, on her wedding day. Will they be able to pull it off? Or, are there divine forces at play here? Steve, a young professional snowboarder, ruins a high-paying photo shoot by playing a silly prank. He, his girlfriend Branka and fellow snowboarder Joschi are left behind on the mountain. They seek shelter in an apres-ski tavern that is hosting an all-night party. Things go from bad to worse when a scientific experiment unleashes an epidemic of zombies and mutant wildlife. This is mostly lost on the local drunkards, as they are not always easy to distinguish from zombies themselves. But Steve, Branka and Joschi have to find a way to survive this hellish night. Bitte Andersson's debut feature >>Dyke Hard<< is a wild John Waters-inspired queer comedy following a lesbian rock band's violent adventures back in 1986. Dyke Hard is a failed rock group travelling to a battle of the bands competition in the big city. The journey is further filled with bizarre, fierce and passionate encounters with cyborgs, ghosts, a thai boxer, roller derby gals, ninjas, motorcycle gangs and a mysterious billionaire all of whom will do everything to stop the band from making it in time to the battle. Two brothers and their wives meet up at a haute-cuisine restaurant to discuss what to do about a horrific crime that their sons committed together. As the quartet debate their options, the conversation reopens old wounds between the siblings. Ram Murthy (Nagineedu) is a retired headmaster who does not tolerate mistakes. He enforces a strict code of conduct in his family and anyone making more than a 100 mistakes is banished from the household. Sundeep (Sundeep Kishan) is his youngest son and Ram Murthy is quite irritated with the young lad's behaviour.  Sundeep has racked up a score of 99/100 in the mistakes department and he is one mistake away from being banished from the family. Meanwhile, a marriage alliance is fixed for Sundeep's elder brother Brahmaji (Brahmaji) and the entire family boards the Venkatadri Express to travel to Tirupati for the wedding.  As usual, Sundeep gets into trouble and misses the train. Afraid of being banished from the family, Sundeep tries his best to catch up with the train. He must beg, borrow and even steal in order to get onto the train before Tirupati. Written by Roel Mondelaers and Hans Van Nuffel, Plan Bart is a romantic comedy about competing desires -- sacrificing one's childhood dreams for the responsibilities of adulthood, air guitar championships for diapers and bottles, 'having sex' with 'making love.' After 5 years of calm, these foul-mouthed rappers returned with the release of their 6th album To The 5 Boroughs, the most eagerly anticipated new record of the year so far. This documentary includes exclusive and previously unseen film footage and in-depth interviews with the band and those that have worked closely with the Beastie Boys during their career, including close friends, colleagues, journalists, producers and musicians. FOREVER-LAND is a hidden dimension where strange characters, creatures, and lands exist under the iron harsh rule of Infinitus...destroyer of all things funky. Kounterclockwise has been transported to this dimension to retrieve "the glove", an item of cosmic importance, from the clutches of Infinitus. "Who shall wear the glove shall rule the funk of 40 thousand years". Can Kounterclockwise save the universe from the reign of Infinitus, restoring the order of the funk , and rock the crowd in the process? This is a story of two gifted dancers, Arturo and Rosario and their journey to make their dreams come true, under the beat of the marinera. Set in a hostel in the 1980s, 'Digital Physics' follows Khatchig, a man searching for truth in mathematics, physics, logic, and life. As he monopolizes the sole computer in the hostel to make sense of a counter-intuitive result, he has an epiphany: We may be living in a computer simulation.  From New York City to the farmlands of the Midwest, there are 50,000 Chinese restaurants in the U.S., yet one dish in particular has conquered the American culinary landscape with a force befitting its military moniker--"General Tso's Chicken." But who was General Tso and how did this dish become so ubiquitous? Ian Cheney's delightfully insightful documentary charts the history of Chinese Americans through the surprising origins of this sticky, sweet, just-spicy-enough dish that we've adopted as our own. Filmmaker Talya Lavie steps into the spotlight with a dark comedy about everyday life for a unit of young female Israeli soldiers. The human resources office at a remote desert base serves as the setting for this cast of characters, who bide their time pushing paper, battling for the top score in Minesweeper, and counting down the minutes until they can return to civilian life. Amidst their boredom and clashing personalities, issues of commitment--from friendship to love and country--are handled with humor and sharp-edged wit. This is a hilarious mockumentary about the travails facing film school graduates as they try to find money to mount their first features. A rather talentless would-be hack substitutes his own script for the work of a deceased roommate who actually has some financing in place, and the result is a hilariously tasteless film within a film High School Shootings -The Musical. Over a hundred Vancouver area film school graduates, friends and musicians worked on this film. Maverick cop Orin Boyd always brings down the domestic terrorists he tracks, but he ruffles feathers with his unorthodox techniques -- and soon finds himself reassigned to the toughest district in Detroit. When he discovers a group of detectives secretly operating a drug ring, Boyd joins forces with an unlikely ally -- gangster Latrell Walker -- to bring down the rotten cops. Somewhere in the Balkans, 1995. A team of aid workers must solve an apparently simple problem in an almost completely pacified territory that has been devastated by a cruel war, but some of the local inhabitants, the retreating combatants, the UN forces, many cows and an absurd bureaucracy will not cease to put obstacles in their way. Cowboy is a libertine. A free thinker, he is not only cleaning the environment, he is living for the Weltatem, and thats the power of it all... The stories of refugees who fled Vietnam and came to live in Canada. Two women working for an advertising firm have to come up with a campaign for a new video game. This dark comedy explores the tale of a couple's sexual experiment gone exceptionally wrong. After an embarrassing afternoon, Nick (Jordan Cox) races home to gather the rest of his belongings. He frantically tries to grab everything he can before his girlfriend, Tiffany (Giana Alexis Cambria) now probably retitled "ex" finds him, but he's too late. Catching him off guard, she confesses that the obstacles in their relationship are actually her fault. As forgiveness, and to his surprise, she even offers him his secret fantasy; a threesome with his mistress. But none of this would have transpired if Tiffany had never befriended Angelica (Morgan Filteau) at a restaurant that the couple usually frequented. During a conversation, the two girls find common ground regarding their significant others and realize they're both dating the same guy. The two ladies thus devise a ploy to expose Nick's obscenity with a website dedicated to him. All they need are a few embarrassing pictures, but ... In this powerful documentary on the church of Scientology, a band of former elite members emerge from the secretive religion to allege extreme cruelty, slave labour and financial greed. Dorothy is carried back to Oz by a green turkey balloon on the final Thanksgiving she is to spend with her aunt and uncle, who are moving to a retirement community. She meets Jack Pumpkinhead, The Hungry Tiger, and Tic Toc (sic), and must stop the evil Tyrone the Terrible Toy Tinkerer (looking suspiciously like John R. Neil's depiction of the Nome King), who brings the balloon to life. A comedy romance movie about the last generation of youths and their passionate romance based in Hongseong, Chungcheong Namdo in the 1980s. A post-modern romantic comedy about luck and timing in relationships, missed opportunities, unrequited love and how the grass always appears to be greener on the other side. Tera Mera Tedha Medha (TMTM) is a quirky-topsy-turvy romantic comedy influenced by Planetary Disposition. It is a love story of two young struggling painters Rajan and Kamini, intertwined with the affect of two powerful planets Shani and Mangal. Hilarious events erupt when jilted lover, young and vivacious Swati enters Rajan's life. What would Shani-Mangal do next? From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia: High Diving Hare is a 1948-produced Warner Brothers Looney Tunes theatrical cartoon short starring Bugs Bunny and Yosemite Sam. Released to theaters on April 30, 1949, the short is an expansion of a gag from Stage Door Cartoon, which was also directed by Friz Freleng. Thanksgiving is a time when families get together to eat good food and share in the spirit of thankfulness. That's of course, a best case scenario. Some families are so tangled in a web of drama from financial issues, relationships, and so on that lead to big blow outs or worse, long awkward silences. This is the story of one of those families. Caesar and his half brother Otto take on duties as Santa and his elf. However, the bodies begin to pile up when a fellow store Santa (CKY's Deron Miller) develops a vendetta against them, and he soon turns Caesar's list of Dinner guests into a list of Xmas-inspired victims! Features cult movie icons Linnea Quigley, Brinke Stevens, Lloyd Kaufman, Joe Estevez, Felissa Rose and Robert Z'dar. Follow Mark Torgl star of 1984's The Toxic Avenger who played "Melvin The Mopboy" and transforms into Toxie, as he attends the Monster Convention circuit for the first time. Discover the convention world through Torgl's eyes, and learn a deep dark secret that has kept Torgl in hiding for 30 years. Chi-yi is a veteran cop, who values his own safety more than anything else and is therefore infamous for his cowardice and poor efficiency at work. Yi-ping, on the other hand, is just graduated from the police academy and is more than ready to prove herself regardless of any risks. Daughter of the head of the National Policy Agency, Yi-ping is secretly kept away from danger by being appointed to team up with Chi-yi. Starting from a seemingly pointless case of a puppy's accidental death, from eating chocolate, the essentially incompatible pair unexpectedly digs up the clues to a series of mysterious deaths.  A police rom-com with fully-fledged fantasy is sure to blow your mind! Je-Chil is a lawyer that does well financially, but he has never dated a woman in his life. He can't even make eye contact with women. His severe shyness effects his job. In court, he can't make eye contact with women and becomes brain frozen. Because of this, he loses case after case. Je-Chil has held a secret crush on Soo-Hyun for over 10 years. Je-Chil's life then changes. On a rainy evening, Je-Chil finds a beautiful woman unconscious on the ground. He brings her home. Following an incident on Halloween, the lives of a roofer, waitress, romantic rookie, and mysterious clairvoyant converge due to an undiscovered connection. A down on his luck man gets into an absurd but high stakes bet where he has one summer to find, and hook up with, every girl he had a crush on from 1st to 12th grade. This is the story of the night Matt and Dave met Amy and Syd. All feeling a bit fed up with their jobs and Los Angeles, luck would have it that they decide to go to the same bar on the same night. Thankful to meet anyone who isn't painfully self absorbed, the drinks pile up as the four twenty-somethings find unexpected friendships, and maybe something more It's Christmas break at the McDonald house, but silent nights--and days--are nowhere to be found.  With the children's constant bickering, pretty packages and a sweet-smelling tree don't come close to filling the McDonald home with the true spirit of the first Christmas.  Then Mom remembers an old tradition of building a soft bed for Baby Jesus one straw at a time.  Each time someone secretly does something nice for another family member, he or she gets to add a single straw to the manager.  Soon the children's quarreling and negative feelings subside and the homemade crib fills with straw.  But for one family member, a required act of kindness becomes more than he can take.  Inspired by a true story with both heart and humor.  The Last Straw may forever change the way your family celebrates Christmas. A fearless outsider has been searching for love longer than many of us have been alive.  A pirate radio station is granting callers their hearts' desires. But as some teenagers find out, be careful what you wish for. A young, struggling country singer becomes the driver for an old, crazed, honky-tonk legend that could possibly help him break into stardom. Five women trapped in an elevator confess their bitter life experiences caused by evil men and society. Do you play music during having sex? Do you remember the tunes? With the nerd-techno unit Mikeneko Homeless's music, this movie makes you laugh and cry, and give you an erection! Two dowdy men make music for their threesome sex with Kaguya, a girl from the moon. This is the real "Tale of Princess Kaguya", her crime and sex! An inspirational survival story of Deepika Kumari who, as a girl born on the roadside to abject poverty in rural India, went in search of food, stumbled upon archery, and within 4 years became the Number One archer in the World. A reimagining /regurgitation and re-dubbing of a classic silent horror flick! Shot in mind-shattering 2D (&amp; 36DD), featuring T&amp;A and epic voice-over 'voom', by Ms. Ilham Otaku &amp; Pepe Chingadero! Original 1922 star Max Schreck plays (in newly tinted archive footage, mixed, with new) Count Orlock, a deviant, adulterous, shape-shifting Transylvanian vampire aristocrat &amp; super creep, who is tearing Bremen, a new corn-hole &amp; it's up to a 'brotha-in-a-collar' and a creole nun with a flamin' gun, to stop him, in this 'creature-feature' fang-fest! Co-Starring Canadian Scream Queen: Vivita, with new footage shot in tantalizing Watt-a-Rama &amp; dubbed in Tex-O-Phonic Super-Sound Ana is a telenovela actress but because of financial troubles resorts to producing a prostitution documentary under false pretences. Three bank employees go on a quest to clean their names, after becoming suspects of a robbery that happened the same night they stayed in the bank. A former KING of Jokgu( Foot volleyball), Man-seob was famous for his unstoppable foot spike in the army. When Man-seob comes back to school after completing military service, he is surprised that the Jokgu court has disappeared. He asks the school chancellor to build a new court, but neither the school nor the students care about missing court. All is busy thinking about getting a job, and no romance exists any more in the campus. One day in a class Man-seob meets Anna, the school queen, and it is love at first sight. Jokgu is what he does the best, so he organizes school's Jokgu championship to win her heart and to realize his passion. "Every man is surrounded by a neighborhood of voluntary spies."" - George Washington  Spying has always claimed the highest position in the hierarchy of human behavior. And thus it forms the crux of the film 'Nino Live'. Based in the modern age, the film shows how an entire life can go public in this era of wires and networks.  The film revolves around the journey of a child from adolescence to early manhood, all caught on celluloid.  A married woman falls in love with another woman but struggles with her bisexual tendencies. A feature-length documentary film about hip-hop DJing, otherwise known as turntablism. From the South Bronx in the 1970s to San Francisco now, the world's best scratchers, beat-diggers, party-rockers, and producers wax poetic on beats, breaks, battles, and the infinite possibilities of vinyl. Set over the course of a weekend tournament for chess software programmers thirty-some years ago, COMPUTER CHESS transports viewers to a nostalgic moment when the contest between technology and the human spirit seemed a little more up for grabs. We get to know the eccentric geniuses possessed with the vision to teach a metal box to defeat man, literally, at his own game, laying the groundwork for artificial intelligence as we know it and will come to know it in the future. In the desperation to earn quick money, two best friends put their moral values at stake and end up losing their pride and dignity. They then choose a wrong path to set things right and snatch back what was rightfully theirs. Love Me follows Western men and Ukrainian women as they embark on an unpredictable and riveting journey in search of love through the modern "mail-order bride" industry. Is there such a thing as miracles? Mickey McGuigan, a lively 73 year old farmer turned writer, has been documenting those around him along the Northern Irish border. The stories may defy logic, but people swear by them. This is a disappearing world of folklore and magic. There's a man who cures ringworm on cows by spitting on them and a woman who can cure sick babies with a piece of string. We'll also meet a healer who claims he can cure cancer. He now has a six month waiting list of hundreds op people hoping for a miracle. This is a cinematic journey through the hidden world of rural Northern Ireland, where anything is possible. After workaholic Kevin has a drunken one night stand with the beautiful train-wreck Madeline, he's horrified to discover that she's actually his boss' jilted ex-mistress. When she takes a bottle of sleeping pills, Kevin is forced to keep her awake... and over the course of the night the two begin to fall for each other. Emma Woodhouse is a congenial young lady who delights in meddling in other people's affairs. She is perpetually trying to unite men and women who are utterly wrong for each other. Despite her interest in romance, Emma is clueless about her own feelings, and her relationship with gentle Mr. Knightly. A dark comedy horror anthology that showcases three different types of horror genres: home invasion, slasher, and the main course, zombies.  Helene must act as a matchmaker for her world famous fashion designer boss, Alicia Ricosi. Serving Sara is a 2002 romantic comedy film which stars Matthew Perry, Elizabeth Hurley and Bruce Campbell. Joe Tyler (Perry) is a process server who is given the assignment to serve Sara Moore (Hurley) with divorce papers. A China-Taiwan cross-cultural rom-com with an excellent, unforced chemistry between its leads, Apolitical Romance follows Mainland girl (Huang Lu) as she visits Taiwan and gets involved with a local guy (Bryan Chang) who helps her track down her grandmother's first love from 60-odd years ago. Junior congressman Evan Baxter, whose wish is to "change the world" is heard by none other than God. When God appears with the perplexing request to build an ark, Evan is sure he is losing it. A troubled young woman working at a prayer call center makes a difference in other people's lives, forcing her to reconcile with her troubled past with the faith she brings out in others.  Robert Beck failed as a musician and works frustrated as a teacher - until he learns about his gifted student Rauli. A musical genius: He sings and plays guitar like a young god. Beck is motivated to help Rauli to become a successful and published musician to fulfill his own long-held dreams of a music career.  Cal Weaver is living the American dream. He has a good job, a beautiful house, great children and a beautiful wife, named Emily. Cal's seemingly perfect life unravels, however, when he learns that Emily has been unfaithful and wants a divorce. Over 40 and suddenly single, Cal is adrift in the fickle world of dating. Enter, Jacob Palmer, a self-styled player who takes Cal under his wing and teaches him how to be a hit with the ladies. Estranged from his father, college student Jake is lured home to New York for Christmas with the promise of receiving a classic Porsche as a gift. When the bullying football team dumps him in the desert in a Santa suit, Jake is left without identification or money to help him make the journey. Meanwhile, his girlfriend, Allie, does not know where he is, and accepts a cross-country ride from Jake's rival, Eddie. Dr James Fox takes a journey through six different landscapes across Britain, meeting artists whose work explores our relationship to the natural world. From Andy Goldsworthy's beautiful stone sculptures to James Turrell's extraordinary sky spaces, this is a film about art made out of nature itself. Featuring spectacular images of landscape and art, James travels from the furthest reaches of the Scottish coast and the farmlands of Cumbria to woods of north Wales. In each location he marvels at how artists' interactions with the landscape have created a very different kind of modern art - and make us look again at the world around us. It's 1348. The plague has brutally hit Florence. A group of then young people, seven women and three men, rebel against the feeling of death that is about to swallow them. They flee the city and find refuge in an abandoned villa in the Tuscan hills. Here, between moral doubts and the tasks needed to survive, they kill time by telling each other stories until they will decide to return. The stories are varied - tragic, bizarre, funny or erotic - but common and central to all of them is the female presence. Three overgrown punk women set their violent anti-male sights on a beauty pageant and its buffoonish billionaire director. Directed by Independent filmmaker Jamie Sharps(Tucker's Crossing), this thrill a minute action/comedy simultaneously pokes fun at the zombie genre and pays homage to the spaghetti western .. The Yildiz brothers - Celal, Sami and Mesut - still live under one roof - despite their differences. The family bridal shop is doing really badly and they each yearn for a different life: Heartthrob Celal pines for his ex-girlfriend Anna and risks every last cent of their family inheritance for his dream of a mobile phone shop. Sami is searching for true love but ruins every blind date with his anger mis-management. And Mesut, the youngest of the three, tries to combine a cool music career with his strict adherence to the Koran. So when a sweet little baby comes careering into their lives, nothing is as it was before. The three young Turkish bachelors are given a crash course in responsibility. A group of kids realizing there is strength in numbers, band together to take on the neighborhood bullies. Karthik is left heartbroken when his girlfriend, Subha, breaks up with him. Thankfully, his grief is short-lived as he chances upon Anusha, his student, who could be THE girl for him. First opera by Toni Nievas; screenwriter, filmmaker, cartoonist, comedian and actor known for "Happened to you", "Meneame Deluxe" and other videos for the Internet. The work is a tender and cruel comedy in equal parts in which it continues to explore the collateral damage of unemployment and the crisis in sequences starring Berto Romero, Dani Mateo or Didac Alcaraz, among others. "Trailer Park Boys" John Paul Tremblay, Robb Wells and Mike Smith host this foulmouthed live kick-off of their Web-based Swearnet network. Through a series of misunderstandings, Alvin, Simon and Theodore come to believe that Dave is going to propose to his new girlfriend in New York City - and dump them. They have three days to get to him and stop the proposal.  Nandini Joshi, an award-winning photographer, is going through a personal crisis. Even as her busy husband and stubborn daughter continue to neglect her, Nandini struggles to find a sense of purpose and dignity. Will she ever rediscover the lost verve for life?  Directed by  Carlos Henrique Roscoe After a one night stand Deb wakes up in the middle of a zombie apocalypse. The story follows a married couple, apart for a night while the husband takes a business trip with a colleague to whom he's attracted. While he's resisting temptation, his wife encounters her past love. A convoy of stories that feature caricature views on religion. We get to see Pope Francis, a neighborhood priest who thinks he's Jesus Christ, a cable TV Evangelist hustler, a Hegelian woman looking for truth in spirituality, and other weirdoes that belong to a freak circus. Set in the south Texas town of Sucio Sangre near the vicious Mexican border, BLOOD SOMBRERO stars Billy Blair as a nameless thief hired by the ruthless crime lord Lucifer (Nick Gomez) to find a strange box with unknown contents. Meanwhile a mysterious yet violent girl named Josephine (Paula Solinger) holds the box while on the run from the deranged cult she once belonged to. Hot on her trail are two crooked cops (Fred Doss and Stephen Brodie) and a psychotic bounty hunter named Coffin. Their paths ultimately collide in an explosion of blood soaked chaos, leaving our anti-heroes to decide whether this box is worth their lives. An aspiring 20-something life coach has a quarter life crisis.  Susi Q loves to travel. To dance. To get drunk. She loves women. She loves her best friend. She loves life! And now all that should suddenly change? Because she's getting "too old"? Take responsibility - Settle down with someone - Live a normal life - Like everyone else? Not Susi Q. How to steal a wife - an upbeat holiday comedy with characters trying to figure out if love is really stronger than money. Can you imagine what would happen if we locked a woman in a small apartment with her husband and her ex? And what if the latter was also accused of stealing and hiding an insane amount of money? Is the ,,first cut" really the deepest, especially when it involves amounts numbering in millions? Jerome wants to make a film that embodies our time and the sempiternal crisis of the present-day: so what better subject matter than chairs, the true symbol of all semi-logical reasoning, everyday tools that are easy to use, and the perfect incarnation of all productive processes? The most popular children's magazine in Yugoslavia was called Modra lasta (Blue Swallow). In 1969, it created Lastan. For hundreds of thousands of children Lastan was a mythical hero who helped unhappy and confused little souls. Each child imagined him differently and felt confident to share with him what they could not confess to anyone else: Dear Lastan, I kissed him, am I pregnant?; Dear Lastan, I fell in love with a boy from my class... For decades Lastan was a legend and the best kept secret in journalism. This film, for the first time after almost five decades, reveals his true identity. The film ' Antboy: Revenge of the Red Fury ' is a sequel to the Danish superhero film Antboy, based on the books by Kenneth Bogh Andersen. The story is again on the ordinary Danish boy Pelle, who secretly fights crime as a superhero Antboy. In the first film, he made   short work of the super villain flea , now tucked away on the local insane clinic. Blindsided by a new generation of blazing-fast racers, the legendary Lightning McQueen is suddenly pushed out of the sport he loves. To get back in the game, he will need the help of an eager young race technician with her own plan to win, inspiration from the late Fabulous Hudson Hornet, and a few unexpected turns. Proving that #95 isn't through yet will test the heart of a champion on Piston Cup Racing's biggest stage! Based on the international best selling book. The true feel good story of how James Bowen, a busker and recovering drug addict, had his life transformed when he met a stray ginger cat. After losing his job and his girlfriend on the same day. A man visits his friend in AZ for some R&R. But after a series of what it seemed impossible events the two turn into fugitives A young woman is about to achieve her dreams, until everything is put into a halt when she is diagnosed of tuberculosis. The movie revolves around two common boys who travel from India to Thailand for success and money. How they cheat dons in Thailand and rob. The movie is a fast paced thriller showing the fun filled bromance between Rambo and Ranjha. It will surely take you on a thrill ride full of fun and joy. The movie centers on a piano competition whose winner is assured of success. It is Paul's last chance to compete, but newcomer Heidi may be a better pianist. Can romance be far away? Will she take a dive despite the pressure to win from her teacher, Greta, or will she condemn Paul to obscurity?  The film tells the story of sixteen-year-old Nena, who is confronted with the suicide attempt of her handicapped father. At the same time she falls head over heels in love for the first time in her life with Carlo, whose father has just outed himself. Away from prying eyes of the adults - who struggle with failed marriages, blossoming love and insufferable physical decline - they push the boundaries of their friendship, love and sexuality. But while discovering her own lust for life, Nena realizes that her father's existence is becoming more and more unbearable. When a sorority girl falls in love with a zombie, it's only a matter of time before a zombie apocalypse is unleashed on campus. The sorority girl discovers that weed is the cure. Now, she must smoke out the whole school before it's too late. A group of moms celebrating ladys night are forced to fight for their lives when  their quiet town is overrun by a ravenous horde of flesh eating corpses. Will  they be able to meet up with their husbands, save their children who are away at  summer camp and make it home in time for dinner? Watch Milfs Vs. Zombies and  find out! Chronicles a single day in the summer of 1989 when the future president of the United States, Barack Obama, wooed his future First Lady on an epic first date across Chicago's South Side. A comic-caper, that tells the story of 3 morons trying to rob a bank who pick the worst day possible when everything that can go wrong, goes wrong and how they're inadvertently caught in the crossfire. A disgraced copywriter addicted to psychiatric drugs goes through a hell of a weekend to save his marriage. A government technician runs into trouble at the house of a digitized person whom he's been sent to terminate. Following a suicide attempt, 19 year old Lito travels from Monterrey to Queretaro to visit his 20 years old cousin Koko; where he joins his group of friends with the intention of selling drugs to pay for a weekend trip to the beaches of Michoacan. Among psychotropic pills, LSD and mushrooms; among improvised friendships and trips to nature, a bond is created reinforcing their friendship; while Lito seems to find the path towards reconciliation. A young teacher inspires her class of at-risk students to learn tolerance, apply themselves, and pursue education beyond high school. Jaime joyrides on the back-roads of Owl River, population: sinking. She's going nowhere fast, both literally and figuratively. BFF Paula pressures her to apply to colleges, but her father Hal just wants to keep her out of juvie. But when ex-con Ray shakes her down for the whereabouts of a stash, Jaime learns her departed grandpa Graham's family secret: he ran the biggest pot-ring East of Montreal. Now Jaime must recruit Paula and hapless admirer Ricky if she's going to outmaneuver Police Chief Hines, let alone tough-guy Ray, and and lay claim to her birthright. In this Thai horror comedy sequel, Nick, Bew, James and their friend are preparing for their university admissions, but because of James' less than desired results, he brings his friends to get the blessings of Mae Nak. Nick doesn't believe in Mae Nak and constantly makes fun of it. Suddenly, the group finds themselves in the realm of Mae Nak and have to find a way out to return to normality. This is a half-hour short composed of zombie attacks with a little bit of plot and laughs thrown in for good measure. Ordinary single girl Amanda Pierce unexpectedly finds herself sharing an awesome Manhattan apartment with four sexy supermodels. Determined to bring Amanda into their world, the models give her the ultimate makeover. The plan works fabulously as Amanda connects with next door charmer Jim Winston. That is, until one night... When bachelor Walter Davis (Bruce Willis) is set up with his sister-in-law's pretty cousin, Nadia Gates (Kim Basinger), a seemingly average blind date turns into a chaotic night on the town. Walter's brother, Ted (Phil Hartman), tells him not to let Nadia drink alcohol, but he dismisses the warning, and her behavior gets increasingly wild. Walter and Nadia's numerous incidents are made even worse as her former lover David (John Larroquette) relentlessly follows them around town. A narrative feature film inspired by the events known as the Beltway sniper attacks. Three families compete for a camping spot during a busy Fourth of July holiday weekend. A movie about the rivalry between two motorcycle gangs.  Raje Bauji is a man in his late fifties, living out a dreary but eventful life in a small house in old Delhi where he lives with his extended family.  A random incident is going to change his life in a dramatic way- though he does not realize it  yet. Lisa goes on a summer vacation with her grandparents, travelling from Vienna to the North Cape by car. She films the journey, in this seemingly simple and light-hearted doc, but soon its length becomes a metaphor for the couple's long-lived and troubled relationship. A group of mariachis receives a letter to be part of the National Mariachi Contest in Mexico City. In order to be able to win they will need to travel together and solve their differences since their prime was 30 years ago. Film adaptation of the same-titled comic popular for its extraordinary premise. Up-and-coming Yoshida Kota, known for his humorous yet sensual style in films like Usotsuki Paradox, creates a unique coming-of-age drama about love between two girls, with elements of sports and perseverance sprinkled throughout.  The "Torture Club" is an official afterschool activity at the private school Saint Honesty Gakuen. Yuzuki (Kijima Noriko) has no idea about the club when she enrolls, and gets abducted by the club members and hauled off the clubroom. There, she finds out that upperclass student Aoi (Yoshizumi Haruna), her secret idol, is in the club, and decides to join, but... Hollywood in my Huis is 'n coming-of-age romantic comedy set against the backdrop of 2004's matric dance in South Africa. The story focuses on an ordinary teenage girl - Jana van Tonder - who lives in an impoverished railway neighborhood with her dysfunctional parents. When she witnesses Charlize Theron's iconic Oscar win, Jana is inspired to transform her upcoming matric dance into her very own Hollywood Red Carpet mooment. Meanwhile, Jana's secret cursh, Brandon, the school's tennis champ, breaks off his relationship with Angelique, the school's most popular girl. But just as Jana needs to scrape together the courage to ask Brandon to the dance, her best friend and boy-next-door, Frikkie, reveals his true feelings for her. With the matric dance less than a month away, Jana has to make the difficult decision between her closest friend and her dream date. Virginia is proud that she belongs to a clique. The best students at a private school. But before her 18th birthday, a grueling set of murders take place and her friends are the ones who are falling prey. Could it be her? She suffers from blackouts due to a freak accident one year earlier. We soon learn the truth behind her accident and what is going on... Quentin Jacobsen has spent a lifetime loving the magnificently adventurous Margo Roth Spiegelman from afar. So when she cracks open a window and climbs back into his life-dressed like a ninja and summoning him for an ingenious campaign of revenge-he follows. After their all-nighter ends and a new day breaks, Q arrives at school to discover that Margo, always an enigma, has now become a mystery. But Q soon learns that there are clues-and they're for him. Urged down a disconnected path, the closer he gets, the less Q sees of the girl he thought he knew. Preetham, a chef and a compulsive liar goes on a secretive, fun trip to Goa after getting engaged to his rich employer's only daughter. James prepares for his eighth grade oral exams while his family is going through different times. Meryl Streep stars as Ricki Rendazzo, a guitar heroine who made a world of mistakes as she followed her dreams of rock-and-roll stardom. Returning home, Ricki gets a shot at redemption and a chance to make things right as she faces the music with her family. Ariane, a young French violinist, accepts the marriage proposal of Christen, an irresistible conductor. Only problem: she's a little bit ... married! Separated for two years with Nino, an Italian teacher with a strong character, she manages to convince him to follow her to Paris to divorce in 8 days flat. But their trip in the city of love looks much more eventful than expected... A newly single New Yorker must re-locate to Florida for her dream job. She drives south with her widowed dad, her mom's ashes in a coffee can, and a GPS with a mind of its own. Lousy lover and egocentric Eric Sparrow is dumped by his girlfriend after rejecting her marital proposal. After a few failed dates his luck turns when a chance encounter with a vampire turns him into a sex god. Documentary from Andrew Wall Bruce is a trucker who works the hog fat lines between Earth and the Titan Station. He's content with his life but a bit lonely. A month away from the Titan Station Bruce picks up Max, an easily bored automation engineer with a broken shuttle. As Max is about to go crazy from space boredom they receive a strange distress call. Bruce's long range receiver is broken so the signal is close by. Soon they discover a huge dark object on a collision course. Bruce and Max must risk everything to survive their deadly encounter and deliver the hog fat. Joe Alien fulfills a dream of coming to Earth to find that it's overrun by zombies. Finding an ally in young Parker, he attempts to save the world! "Move Me Brightly" is a film based around a musical gathering at Bob Weir's TRI Studios in San Rafael, California to mark what would have been Jerry Garcia's 70th birthday on 3rd August, 2012. The revolving line-up of performers included fellow Grateful Dead members along with many guest artists who joined together to celebrate Jerry Garcia's life and work. Grateful Dead bandmates and other musicians who played with or were inspired by him. It is fitting tribute to one of rock music's most creative and imaginative composers and performers. Features contributions from fellow Grateful Dead members Bob Weir, Phil Lesh, Bill Kreutzmann, Mickey Hart and Donna Jean Godchaux along with Garcia family members and guests including Carlos Santana, Furthur's Joe Russo &amp; Jeff Chimenti, Phish's Mike Gordon, Black Crowes' Adam MacDougall, Vampire Weekend's Chris Tomson, Yellowbirds' Sam Cohen &amp; Josh Kaufman and many more. Amaia after breaking up with Rafa, falls in love with a Catalonian. Koldo, her father, goes to Sevilla to persuade Rafa to go to Catalonia and take Amaia's heart back. Manu Aranguren is a Basque politician who acts as a mediator for the Spanish government in its negotiations with ETA. Far from being a solemn, calculated occasion, unexpected occurrences, slip-ups or misunderstandings soon kick in to influence the dialogue. And the personal relationship between negotiators will be key in solving the conflict. Following the death of their friend, two girls in their late twenties embark on a road trip to spread his ashes. Seph and Alex take turns driving. Dan is in the glove compartment, in tupperware, decreasing in volume as the trip progresses. A Gypsy boy of the Onion clan and his Romanian friend in a village lost in Transylvania decide to flee to the big city to become actors. This seems the best way to get some easy money to rid themselves of the excruciating poverty and help the Onion clan's older brother get a dowry and marry the daughter of the rich Garlic clan. The two young boys run away from school, in an attempt to create a better life for themselves and their families. The road is beset with adventures as they scour rural Transylvania and its picturesque landscape. Based on the New York Times best-selling novel by award winning author Wally Lamb. A vivid slice of 1960s life, Wishin' and Hopin' is a wise-and-witty holiday tale that celebrates where we've been-and how far we've come. In the small town of Three Rivers, Connecticut, we go straight into the halls of St. Aloysius Gonzaga Parochial School with Felix Funicello, a Catholic school fifth-grader in 1964, whose claim to fame is his cousin Annette Funicello, the famous Mouseketeer and teen movie queen. But grammar and arithmetic move to the back burner this holiday season with the sudden arrivals of substitute teacher Madame Frechette and feisty Russian student Zhenya Kabakova. While Felix learns the meaning of French kissing, cultural misunderstanding, and tableaux vivants, Wishin' and Hopin' barrels toward one outrageous Christmas! It's been more than 10 years since our last appointment at Calvin's Barbershop. Calvin and his longtime crew, including Eddie, are still there, but the shop has undergone some major changes. Most noticeably, our once male-dominated sanctuary is now co-ed. The ladies bring their own flavor, drama and gossip to the shop challenging the fellas at every turn. Despite the good times and camaraderie within the shop, the surrounding community has taken a turn for the worse, forcing Calvin and our crew to come together to not only save the shop, but their neighborhood. Still reeling from a heartbreaking family event and his parents' subsequent divorce, Tyler Hawkins discovers a fresh lease on life when he meets Ally Craig, a gregarious beauty who witnessed her mother's death. But as the couple draws closer, the fallout from their separate tragedies jeopardizes their love. The latest exploitation / Grindhouse feature film from Ungovernable Films, featuring all your favorite ungovernable motifs like sex, gore, violence, nudity, schlock, and laughs! Oh, and of course a social message! This time it's "fuck the police!" JONAH, an unemployed gambler, takes his estranged pot-smoking teen-aged daughter AURORA on a dangerous road trip to Churchill, Manitoba to show her the magnificent Northern Lights - before her vision disorder renders her completely blind. After moving to Los Angeles to start anew, Adam, an out of the closet single father of a yeti baby, is dragged into the underground sex trade when his child is kidnapped; Now with the help of his two new friends, a heroin-addicted yeti prostitute and a sexy stripper, they must fight the forces of evil to save the world. Mizuho recently took over an eatery in Nago, Okinawa, which was left to her by her grandmother. She single-handedly runs "Gajimaru Diner" named after the large, deeply-rooted Gajimaru (banyan) tree in the area. Eventually, circumstances lead to her being brought together with an unknown traveler names Hayato, her ex-boyfriend Shota who had lived in Tokyo for the past seven years, and a beautiful woman named Riko. Counting for Thunder is inspired by the three years when Phillip Irwin Cooper, unlucky in work, money and love, went home to the Gulf Coast of Alabama to help out with a family crisis. Working through his past with his complicated family, some old high school chums, and the desperate and hilarious southern characters who grace his hometown, Phillip ultimately finds his own voice as his mother is regaining hers for possibly the last time. A comedic blend of murder, mystery and marijuana. Trying to escape the infamy of a serial killer father, Trent Modine and his goof-ball stepbrother Joey, both seeking a new start, find refuge in the small town of Mooseheart. A young man, unaccustomed to children, must accompany a young girl on a train trip. A young boy whose parents just divorced finds an unlikely friend and mentor in the misanthropic, bawdy, hedonistic, war veteran who lives next door. The Minions fight over a delicious banana.. but is that all they want?! Nadja, a single girl living the big city life finds herself stressed out over the wish of having a child of her own as she realizes the biological clock is ticking. She is prepared to do almost anything to fulfill her dreams but finds out that the abortion laws are about to change. To qualify as a mum, within the next 30 days she has to find herself a husband. She already discovered that chances finding a husband willing to do this on such short notice are slim to none in the big city. Maybe it is easier on the countryside? Once a year 2000 garden gnomes and 10,000 gnome carers gather in the sleepy mountain hamlet of Glenbrook, for the Annual Australian Garden Gnome Convention. A young woman takes a job as a personal maid for a rich young man. The pair do not get along, but soon due to their classmates' games of love, their relationship grows more complicated than before. An industry veteran is given a chance to produce and star in his own movie. But he quickly finds movie production isn't quite as glamorous as it seems. In this risque urban romantic comedy, Bronson is a legendary-mogul who is able to bed women at will until he develops an embarrassing medical condition that renders his mastery in the bedroom unacceptable with the ladies. On his way to getting his swagger back -- restoring his name-- and redeeming his company's respectability, will he have to run-out on the only woman eager to stay by his side and nurse him back to health? Brenner returns to Graz, the city where he grew up. When confronted with his old friends, his former girlfriend and the major sin he committed when he was young, murders and a fateful gunshot to the head result. After Brenner comes out of a coma, he begins to search for the person who tried to kill him - however, everybody claims that he himself is responsible. In the beginning Brenner was at the end of his rope, but he could face a new beginning in the end. A bachelor afraid of marriage angers his long-time girlfriend by buying a splendid townhouse just for himself, only to find it haunted by the ghosts of a famous theatrical couple, who teach him about love and commitment.  The film was later re-released under the title "It All Came True". It was to be Peter Yates' last film made for cinema, although in most markets it went directly to TV or home entertainment. A man goes back to his hometown that is now overrun with crime and single-handedly takes justice into his own hands. STEVIE D is a humorous crime drama about a Los Angeles construction magnate whose only son has accidentally killed a connected man. A sinister plan is hatched that sends the son into hiding while an unsuccessful actor is hired to fill his shoes and unknowingly take the hit. A recently graduated and intelligent young woman sees plastic surgery as essential to succeeding in both her career and romantic aspirations. The story is of a quirky mother and son who live in a modern Japanese, urban setting. The mother Kyoko has been long feeding human meat to her introverted teenage son, Mitsuo, who can now tell the sex and nationality of the meat he is eating. One day at the supermarket, Kyoko finds herself picking up the wallet of another housewife, Kanno. Kanno urges Kyoko to accept a token of gratitude but Kyoko declines. Kanno finds the stubborn refusal disturbing. When Chand arrives in Brampton, Ontario to meet her new husband, she leaves behind a loving family and supportive community. Now, in a new country, she finds herself living in a modest suburban home with seven other people and two part-time tenants. Inside the home, she is at the mercy of her husband's temper, and her mother-in-law's controlling behaviour.  Louise, Sam, Lili. Three women who don't know each other but whom will be forced to meet, get together, and compare themselves to each other by the wild will of evolution. In the fictional princely state of Vigada Nagar, the king's corrupt ministers strike a deal with the Chinese, giving them unrestricted access to trade in the kingdom. When the king makes a witty and intelligent fellow, Tenaliraman, as a minister, they are worried about their secret. Meanwhile, Tenaliraman seems to have a plan of his own... A cynical and burnt-out Los Angeles bounty hunter (Angel Sommers) spends her days surrounded by liars, gamblers, misogynists and other social deviants. And those are just her co-workers. When a contract comes in that's big enough to fund her dreams of leaving the bounty hunting game and opening her own business, she jumps at the opportunity. The only problem is, the contract is for Tommy Briggs...the man responsible for her father's murder over a decade ago. Herluf lives a complacent life with his wife Inger-Lise. Their daily routines are only interrupted by their daughter's marriages, the third now about to take place. But Herluf's problems are more serious than an indecisive daughter, his wife is cheating on him and he's started forgetting things at work. And one day Herluf doesn't return home. Davide and Loris are brothers and live in a very small village in the north of Italy. While Davide is eighteen years old and gay, Loris is almost thirty and doesn't know anything about his brother's sexuality.  Desperate to see their church grow, Pastor John (Robert Amaya) and wife Betsy (Erin Bethea) do the unthinkable and change their church Christmas pageant. Flabbergasted, elderly choir director Mary Margaret (Sallie Wanchisn) leads the choir to boycott. Facing termination, Pastor John resorts to disguising himself as an old man to bridge the generation gap, win over Mary, and lead the choir back to the church. When he discovers that the wounds run deeper than he first suspected, Pastor John must learn to love the unlovable or risk the ruin of his church and family. With a tagline that reads Full Meals, Beedi and a match box, Huchudugaru is a story set in a rural backdrop. It is a story that deals with four guys - Shiva, Shankara, Madesha and Nanjunda who belong to a small town, Nanjangud. These boys are happy-go-lucky teenagers who do not follow the concept of work hard and live harder.  They come in contact with a gangster and decide to come to Bangalore with a mission in mind. Shiva`s love Paaru eventually becomes a distraction in the mission. Who is Paaru, what is the mission and how did the gang of four leave the government shaken forms the story of the film. An English rock band from South Africa try to break in to the profitable Afrikaans music market... without even being able to speak the language! Stone Cold Jane Austen is a dark comedy about the trappings of fame and the type of ego it takes to be able to 'make it' - all the way down on the Southern tip of Africa! Brothers Grass and Cobra Snake, in their late and early thirties respectively, live in a small Czech town not far from Prague. Coming from a disfunctional family, they both feel unable to build up a life to be satisfied with. Grass, unemployed and still without a girl, does not know how to escape from the shadow of his druggie and troublemaker brother Cobra. Things seem to change for Grass when all at once he gets the opportunity to be part of a promising business and starts a relationship with the waitress of a local pub. It is just then when Cobra and his addiction show up in his life once more to put him on the verge of losing everything he achieved. But this time Grass is determined to not let anybody or anything stop his last chance in life to be happy and he decides to teach his brother a life lesson he should never forget.... A lesson that uncontrollably turns into a nightmare... Funeral home is the last stop of the deceased ones. This is also where `turn undead` take place, the ritual that purifies the soul. The soul hasn't gone through the ritual is usually a haunting one. They still have things undone in human world. In order to finish that, they usually do something disturbing which led to supernatural incidents. Three seemingly seperate stories happen at funeral home intertwine. A reclusive photojournalist lives quietly in a New York penthouse, until a smooth but sadistic criminal looking for a hidden fortune enters her life.  A film directed by Roger Priebe. Jack Harriman becomes a spiritual celebrity after debunking Reverend Guy Roy on a public-access TV show. While on the road speaking his brand of truth, forces natural and supernatural lead him to question whether he has a deeper calling. When a young couple have to reschedule their picturesque summer wedding to the rural and remote dead of winter, they are forced to face how well they truly know each other and the people closest to them. In a reality TV show created by the U.S. government about spies, audiences go on fake undercover missions, but fact cannot be easily distinguished from fiction. After World War I, Armistice Lloyd Hart goes back to practice law, former saloon keeper George Hally turns to bootlegging, and out-of-work Eddie Bartlett becomes a cab driver. Eddie builds a fleet of cabs through delivery of bootleg liquor and hires Lloyd as his lawyer. George becomes Eddie's partner and the rackets flourish until love and rivalry interfere. Two Southern California College Students plot their escape after being kidnapped by a human trafficking ring while on Spring Break in Mexico. The romantic and coming-of-age misadventures of a 13-year-old American living in Germany. Diogo's 20th high school class reunion is coming up, and although he's married, sees it as an opportunity to hook up with his high school crush who will also be at the reunion. He and his wife have a young son, and everything is lined up so he can go to the reunion alone, hook up with the woman, and go home without his wife suspecting anything. Unfortunately for him, his wife's mother breaks her arm the night of the reunion and can't watch their son. Diogo scrambles to find a babysitter, ultimately settling on a nursery in a strange building. He goes to the party, meets up with the crush, but then has to leave. He and his three friends then go back to the nursery and pick up his son, who is wearing his favorite dog mask. While Diogo and his friends are on their way back to the reunion (he still hasn't hooked up with his former crush) he removes the dog mask and realizes the boy isn't his.  When three friends finally come to after a raucous night of bachelor-party revelry, they find a baby in the closet and a tiger in the bathroom. But they can't seem to locate their best friend, Doug - who's supposed to be tying the knot. Launching a frantic search for Doug, the trio perseveres through a nasty hangover to try to make it to the church on time. Like some other kids, 12-year-old Trevor McKinney believed in the goodness of human nature. Like many other kids, he was determined to change the world for the better. Unlike most other kids, he succeeded. When misleading photos are published of security company chief Jessie Rogers purportedly caught in a love nest with his rock star client, his humiliated wife, Noelle, swiftly files for divorce. Unable to convince her of his innocence, Jessie fights in vain to win Noelle back when a Christmastime blizzard snowbounds the family.  In a California desert town, a short-order cook with clairvoyant abilities encounters a mysterious man with a link to dark, threatening forces. The prize of Sunset Valley's annual olive oil contest is a land parcel with disputed ownership. When feisty Nicole and competitive Jake face-off, they never expect sparks to fly. Starring Tori Anderson and Benjamin Hollingsworth.  "I think my film represents above all the proof to those who want to understand and accept it, that poetry can't be filmed, that it is useless to try"  - Joao Cesar Monteiro Three friends decide to hire a prostitute on the day of the Aatukaal Pongala - a Hindu festival in Trivandrum - when their wives are busy.  More than two decades have passed since Sarah Connor prevented Judgment Day, changed the future, and re-wrote the fate of the human race. Dani Ramos is living a simple life in Mexico City with her brother and father when a highly advanced and deadly new Terminator - a Rev-9 - travels back through time to hunt and kill her. Dani's survival depends on her joining forces with two warriors: Grace, an enhanced super-soldier from the future, and a battle-hardened Sarah Connor. As the Rev-9 ruthlessly destroys everything and everyone in its path on the hunt for Dani, the three are led to a T-800 from Sarah's past that may be their last best hope. Promised a life after higher education with a job and a nice apartment, a writer/blogger finds herself rooming with an amateur porn actress and no future prospects. Through her roommate, she meets two other millennial dreamers; one who hopes to become an artist and another who is more or less content with being a "lab rat." Nosebleed, a formerly unpopular rock band instantly gains a cult following after the lead vocalist, Kana, recruits a zombie, Tetsuo, as their death metal vocalist, even though he is the same undead monster that killed her former band members. Meanwhile, government agents frantically search for their runaway zombie experiment... Laura manages to escape from dangerous old gangster Don Fabiano and his crew. With a motorcycle and a bag filled with money and weapons, she hits the road leaving her obscure past behind. Her escape route ends up at a farm house in the middle of nowhere, were she will meet a shady local family, a little girl Julie, her mother Eli and her tormented father Richie. Laura thinks she has left her past behind, but her past has not left her yet and soon various assassins will arrive to the house as Laura and her new family will have to survive the attacks. A timid officer worker becomes both pariah and Pied Piper when she unleashes her confessional, scathingly honest pop compositions upon friends and co-workers, in this hilarious comedy from Vancouver's Kris Elgstrand (Doppelganger Paul). In Marseilles (France), skilled pizza delivery boy Daniel who drives a scooter finally has his dreams come true. He gets a taxi license. Caught by the police for a huge speed infraction, he will help Emilien, a loser inspector who can't drive, on the track of German bank robbers, so he doesn't lose his license and his dream job.  An upstarting film production is abruptly cancelled by the financiers. But the director tries anyway to realize his movie. Lindsey Lou's father has gone missing on a mountaineering expedition and she's determined to find him, only she's the least qualified for the job. When George and her colleagues get a new boss whose focus is on moving souls quickly and enjoying life without consequences, the team begins to break the strict reaper rules. While her friends fall victim to their desires for money, success, and fame, George breaks another rule by revealing her true identity to her living family. Another first for South Africa's fast growing film industry - A multiple story line ensemble romantic comedy capturing the essence of what love looks like in all it's different shapes and sizes. Mooirivier is a film about relationships, about how we can't live without them, about how love always wins, even if it doesn't look, or turn out, the way you thought it would. Beautiful aspiring rock star Jude is stuck in a rut - relegated to recording commercial jingles and lost in a series of one night stands. When she is evicted from her Brooklyn apartment, she is forced to move into the Hamptons home of her wealthy - and selfish - father Paul Lombard, an over-the-hill, Sinatra-esque crooner angling for a musical comeback. When the cities most beloved super hero goes missing it's up to the street level super femmes to save the day. This film was originally an award winning web series that explores comic book tropes with a mighty dose of camp and humor. The Photographer is an elusive serial killer operating in modern-day Moscow. He leaves numbered tiles at the scenes of his crimes, similar to those placed at crime scenes by forensic teams. The investigation points to the old Red Army barracks in Legnica, and to events dating back to the 1970s. One of the people involved in the investigation is Natasha - the only person to have survived an encounter with The Photographer. During an imaginary tour of David Bisbal, a young woman happens to take refuge in his caravan. That unexpected encounter brings about some emotional consequences that will mark the artist's life forever. Romantic intrigue and hilarity ensues as six friends take their annual trip to their summer cabin. Tatiana is a smart and demure young woman who moves with her mother and brother to their aunt's house. In her new neighborhood Tatiana meets Santiago, a quirky young man of Latin origin who can't take her diva attitude. When they discover secrets about each other, a beautiful love grows. This love, however, brings new challenges. Abo So features memorable songs by Padu del Caribe, Aruba's most celebrated musician. Three brothers are confronted with an imposing father who avail them the heritage, identity and emotional intelligence: seven weeks is the deadline for each of them find the respect and love of a woman. A faded television actor and his stunt double strive to achieve fame and success in the film industry during the final years of Hollywood's Golden Age in 1969 Los Angeles.  In this holiday prequel, it's 1997 and Sunnyvale Trailer Park is getting ready for the holiday season. Julian's got a great idea to make money this Christmas, Ricky gets confused between God and Santa, and Bubbles tries to get the Boys together for an annual Christmas bonfire.  Meanwhile, Mr. Lahey is thrilled because Christmas is the only day of the year that his wife Barb allows him to have a few drinks. Directed by series creator Mike Clattenburg, this hour-long special takes place before Jamie was J-Roc, before Randy and Lahey were a couple, and before the Shitmobile was missing a door. Natsuko Yotsuya (Ema Sakura) is a teenager and she is also known as Bon. She lives in a town and has a friend, Miyu-chan, who lives with her boyfriend in Tokyo. Miyu-chan though is abused by her boyfriend. To bring back her friend back, Natsuko and her childhood friend Rintaro Tomoda (Mahiro Takasugi), also known as Lin, go to Tokyo together. With the help of a man, who they met through an internet forum for "boys' love" manga fans, they head to Miyu-chan's house. A teen comedy centers on sixteen-year old Tiaan and Zane who dream of forming their own rock band. When a prank goes badly wrong and they are caught red-handed by the school principal, their parents have to pay for a number of repairs to the tune of R30 000.  The only hope of repaying the money and their good name requires the pair to form a band and win the school 'Battle of the Bands' competition which just happens to have a grand prize of R30 000.  When they recruit the other bandmates  Liezl, the prettiest girl in school, and Bongi, the new girl with rhythm and attitude in her body, the fun and games really start. Combining a family vacation with business, Walter Richmond (William Hurt) takes his wife (Jennifer Tilly) and their 10-year-old, mute daughter, Melissa (Francesca Brown), to the Netherlands -- where Melissa inadvertently witnesses a murder. Unable to tell anyone what she's seen, the frightened girl vanishes in an attempt to elude the killers. Meanwhile, her parents try desperately to piece together the puzzle leading to Melissa's disappearance. One is a bum, one gets by selling self-help DVDs: Mei Yuan Gui is a guy who survives by leeching off his girlfriends; Ye Xiao Chun is a girl who sells DVDs for a living. Two people in the bottom rungs of society meet by accident one day when the guy saves the girl, and so begins the most hilarious, silly and touching love story. A fun roller coaster ride about three young people, Aju, Divya and Kuttan who are cousins, reach Bangalore to dream, discover & explore! A brief encounter with a beautiful woman causes a middle-age man to question not only his love-less marriage, but the pre-defined life society expects of him. His search for fulfillment leads him into Chicago's exciting but often dangerous night life of dance clubs, known as 'Steppin' clubs.  A lovable dog named Bandit starts stealing cash to help his adopted family, he unwittingly sets them on a collision course with his dangerous ex-partner. The world's three most notorious, ballsy, and outrageous pranksters come together for the first time to unleash the most epic pranks in an outrageous feature-film event. Jam-packed with cameos from some of YouTube's biggest stars, watch as Roman Atwood, Dennis Roady, and Vitaly Zdorovetskiy take fearlessness and unbelievable social experiments to the next level. Upwardly-mobile executive Jane (Sarah Butler) uncovers evidence that that her high powered boss may have been murdered, prompting the corporation to dispatch a "crisis manager" (D.B. Sweeny) to ensure that the truth never gets out. Now, trapped in an elevator during a holiday weekend, Jane realizes that she must climb for her life to avoid taking a fatal plunge. Elyot Chase (Toby Stephens) and Amanda Prynne (Anna Chancellor) are glamorous, rich and reckless divorcees. Five years later, whilst on their second honeymoons with their brand new spouses, their passionate love for one another is unexpectedly rekindled, when they take adjoining suites at a French hotel. They both fling themselves headlong once more, into a new and exciting whirlwind of lust/love, without any thought for their partners present or their past issues. Joana suffers from a double personality and is obsessed with Anna Karenina, the character from Tolstoy's novel. Embodying the myth of Narcissus, Anna K. is the image and resemblance of Joana, stronger and more seductive.  Maynard, a beloved local businessman is mistaken for the legendary Bigfoot during an inebriated romp through town in a makeshift gorilla costume. The sightings set off an international Bigfoot media spectacle and a windfall of tourism dollars for a simple American town hit by hard times. When Brock Masterson, reality TV's "Monster Hunter," arrives to hunt the beast, Maynard agonizes over whether to come clean, destroying the rebirth of his beloved town, or perpetuate the inadvertent hoax.  Dekh Tamasha Dekh is a political and social satire based on a true story, it revolves around the search for the religious identity of a poor man crushed under the weight of a politician`s hoarding. The characters we met a little more than a decade ago return to East Great Falls for their high-school reunion. In one long-overdue weekend, they will discover what has changed, who hasn't, and that time and distance can't break the bonds of friendship. In a post-apocalyptic wasteland, an orphaned teen must battle a ruthless warlord to save the girl of his dreams. State of Bacon tells the kinda real but mostly fake tale of an oddball group of characters leading up to the annual Blue Ribbon Bacon Festival. Bacon-enthusiasts, Governor Branstad, a bacon queen, Hacksaw Jim Duggan, members of PETA, and an envoy of Icelanders are not excluded from this bacon party and during the course of the film become intertwined with the organizers of the festival to show that bacon diplomacy is not dead. Plain, timid and obsessed with jellyfish, Tsukimi is a far cry from her idea of a princess. Her tepid life as a jobless illustrator comes complete with roommates who harbor diehard hobbies that solidify their status as hopeless social rejects. These wallflowers run a tight, nun-like ship, but their no-men-allowed-not-no-one-not-no-how bubble is unwittingly burst after Tsukimi brings home a rescued sea jelly and a beauty queen... who's actually a guy. When the threat of losing their cozy convent inspires this glamour boy to turn the neurotic entourage into a portrait of success, will Tsukimi take her chance to bloom, or will she end up a hot mess?  The film tells the story of Robert and Louis, a gay couple since several years living in Berlin. What's missing is their own child, so they decide to work on it. How? They ask Louis' sister Svenja for being their surrogate mother. The film tells the meeting of the three to do the insemination between Robert and Svenja during a warm summer night in 1999 - but surprisingly Svenja brings her new boyfriend Ulf along, who does not know anything. An explosive mixture, even more since Svenja seems not to be the most reliable person and nothing turns out to be as Louis' had planned.  Aimo and Milla are living together at Milla's alcoholics-turned-zombies parents' place. They save money to move out of the house. Due to his lack of self confidence, Aimo wastes their savings to turbo-boost his muscles. As conventional body building is not quite satisfactory, Aimo tunes himself up into a robot. Milla doesn't like the new Aimo-Robot and leaves him. Aimo's heartache leads him to extreme measures as he also changes his heart into a metal one, one that doesn't hurt. Milla decides to steal Aimo heart: after all, a woman needs to have a man's heart. Lovemilla is an anarchistic comedy trip, a comedy about love, a story about love, robots and bodybuilding. A successful music producer quits the industry and exiles himself in upstate New York, but the solitude he seeks is shattered when his estranged son and the pop star he's created come looking for answers. Having never moved on from his parent's divorce, Vincent hasn't really found himself. Untethered to a job or any real responsibilities, he hangs out with Steve, his childhood best friend, and Jess, his girlfriend. That is until the moment he meets Roma. The chemistry is undeniable, but Vincent is still involved with Jess, so he introduces Roma to Steve and watches love bloom, forcing him to hide his deep feelings for her. When Steve leaves town, Vincent and Roma hook up, admit they are in love and vow to tell Steve byt the end of the day. But as the sun sets behind the los angeles skyline, Vincent ruminates on his parents' failed marriage, his own arrested development and the choice he must make to become a better man. A Yo Yo Singh wannabe desi rapper is arrested and blackmailed by the NYPD into becoming an undercover police informant. Akira (Hayato Ichihara) admires Genyo Kamiura, the most powerful yakuza. Genyo Kamiura has been targeted numerous times, but he has never been killed. He is called the invincible person.  Because of Genyo Kamiura, Akira enters the world of the yakuza. His yakuza colleagues treat him like an idiot, and Akira can't even get tattoos because of his sensitive skin.  An assassin is sent to take out Genyo Kamiura. The killers know that Genyo Kamiura is a vampire. Thus begins the apocalypse. This is a story about a guy who is willing to sell the soul, just to dial million views for your videos on YouTube. On the way to his goal, he turns into a fast train "Moscow - Vladivostok>>, where faced with an American actress, suffering aerophobia. On the way strangers expect such adventures that they lag behind the train that trying to catch up, moving our unpredictable and fabulous Mother Russia - After each of them need to be in Vladivostok exactly 7 days - for reasons which they carefully conceal from each other. A cowardly man unwittingly unleashes three spirits seeking revenge against the family he works for. The spirits take turns taking over his body, causing all sorts of mischief along the way. Selja is in her thirties and lives in a shared flat with her friends. One day a boy appears at her door; a boy she gave up for adoption sixteen years earlier. Selja has a chance to get to know her son, but at the same time, makes a complete mess of her and her best friends' lives. Urban Family is a new kind of music film set in the modern-day world. Two French paras who had lived through deadly situations in Algeria, meet again in civil life. Frapier is a newspaper reporter, and one day finds his friend Porte - surrounded by the police after a car theft, and an accidental killing of a police officer. He helps him escape, and provides shelter with the complicity of his girlfriend Vera. Later, Frapier will have doubts about Vera's love, and lives a passionate night with beautiful Arabelle. However, he finds himself playing a game of life and death both with Vera, and Porte. It will end in sadness for one, and death for another. After her mother's death, Stacey moves with her uncle Will to a remote region in the Irish midlands. As the two cautiously get to know each other, they have to deal with the dark shadows of the past. Atoi (Zizan Raja Lawak) dreams of becoming a superhero. One day, he gets struck by lightning and he gets his wish - he can now move as fast as a speeding bullet and he has extraordinary vision. He follows superhero manager Din Abu (Afdlin Shauki) to Kuala Lumpur and makes a name for himself there. Suffering culture shock at first, he gets involved in the social scene and changes his name to Azroy. In fact, when his mother, girlfriend, and friends from his hometown come to visit, Atoi pretends as if he does not know them. Soon, they too turn their backs on Atoi. When Atoi realises his mistakes, it is a case of too little too late as he has lost his powers and the evil force, Alakazambo, has kidnapped his family. Ambroise gets bored every night. To kill time, he makes random calls. Sometimes Ambroise finds a lonely woman on the other side of the received. Rex is a loner, and when he's told he doesn't have long to live, he embarks on an epic drive through the Australian outback from Broken Hill to Darwin to die on his own terms; but his journey reveals to him that before you can end your life, you have to live it, and to live it, you've got to share it. After his family is kidnapped during their sailing trip in Spain, a young Wall Street trader is confronted by the people responsible: intelligence agents looking to recover a mysterious briefcase. Animated adaptation of Chaucer's famous narrative poems, using a variety of groundbreaking animation techniques. On a pilgrimage from London to the tomb of Thomas Becket in Canterbury, a group of travellers from all walks of medieval society recount tales and stories to each other to provide amusement on the journey. This essential new documentary pays tribute to the legacy of the late, legendary casting director Marion Dougherty and shines a light on one of the most overlooked and least understood crafts in filmmaking. A successful and somewhat vain lawyer loses her mobile phone and is contacted by a stranger who wants to give it back. Charming and interesting, their instant connection blossoms but everything changes when they meet and she discovers a tiny little detail about him: he's rather short. When high-brow author PC Molloy is forced to write for April Devereaux's gossip magazine Poison Pen, he is not only caught up in a world of stars and their secrets he is also in danger of becoming a celebrity himself. Soon the spotlight is turning on Molloy and he struggles to keep his own secrets off the front page. But when he finds himself falling for his boss will he be able to find the right words? Superstar Manoranjan learns that he has only a few days to live and approaches his mentor, director Margadarisi to direct his next project -- a folklore-ish comedy about a man who keeps cheating death and his role in saving a kingdom. Meanwhile, he has to sort out his personal lives, which involves an estranged son and a daughter from the love of his life. Kiran gets his dad's property and decides to turn it into a hotel. Intriguingly, all the customers who come to stay there, dies inexplicably. What's happening? Gopi, a photographer, and Azhagu, his assistant, get stuck in Mundasupatti, a village where having photographs taken is bad omen. And, Gopi falls for Kalaivani, the village headman's daughter who is about to get married. Douglas Reese stitches hours of footage from his cloud's video library, offering achronological glimpses spanning February 2015 to October 2019. Satish (Jai), is a newly appointed medical representative, who is basically a family man, living with his brother an auto-rickshaw driver. Sathish is always embarrassed about his mobile phone, and much to his delight picks up a phone which is left carelessly by its owner at a tea shop. The mobile phone gets him into trouble and his carefree life with girlfriend Naveena (Swathi) turns upside down. Sakthi goes to Aravangadu to sell his father's property and gets into the Singarayar household as a guest, not realizing that the family wants him dead owing to a family feud. But, they will murder him only when he steps out of the house to uphold their hospitality. Can Sakthi manage to stay alive? Karthik, who has ESP, helps his friend Panda win a betting game with his power, but this lands him in trouble with Randhai, the gangster who funded the betting operation, who, now, wants him to use his power and make a killing at a casino.   Long time inmate Twitch (Kurupt) gets himself transfered to a tougher prison than the re-opened Alcatraz. He claims it's to be closer to his lady but his real motives are a bit more grandiose. There he crosses paths with Burke (Bill Goldberg) a bulky prisoner who can take care of himself. Twitch, despite being less muscular, is just as mouthy and is pretty much the same. But there is a gang war brewing between the black and hispanic inmates that explodes into a hostile takeover of the prison when the black's gang leader is shot dead and the finger points at Burke. But the sh!t really hits the fan when the real killer and leader of the hispanics, Cortez (Robert Madrid) takes Twitch's girlfriend and Burke's daughter hostage. Emanuel travels to visit his grandma Catie, who lives in the countryside. He has a feeling this is going to be their last goodbye. His mother's looking after Catie and she has decided not to speak a word about grandma's diagnosis, because she does not want to embitter her. Emanuel does not agree with this decision, but on the other hand, he is also hiding his own sexuality to his grandma. Every little moment shared among them, makes strengthen family ties while mismatched feelings emerge. Emanuel should reconsider if things are really better left unsaid. Lifelong serial killer, Hackley is going through a mid-life crisis and rethinking his life and career while dealing with his meddling,incompetent boss. What would you do if you told the world you heard God's voice and no one believed you? Kotha Janta (Telugu: kott jNtt, English: New Pair) is an upcoming Telugu film directed by Maruthi and produced by Bunny Vasu on the prestigious Geetha Arts Banner. It stars Allu Sirish and Regina Cassandra in the lead roles Harry Applefish, an isolated belgian spy, paranoid, willing to fight foreign forces to serve his country, is disturbed in his daily activities by two men seeking for a job. Their presence in Harry's secret hole transform him in the most extreme ways. Harry slowly looses control in a series of misunderstandings that lead to a chaotic, absurd situation. He is convinced of being the victim of a major conspiracy lead by his chief, Mister Brain. School... there is the popular crowd. Teachers favor some students over others. Because of this, Violet decides to start a school paper, which exposes many embarrassing secrets of popular kids who think they run the campus. Disco Singh is the story of a struggling singer who was named Lattu prasad in a moment of inspiration by his parents. However, there is nothing inspirational about his life, which basically involves him performing in marriages and parties for his living. Lattu is a failed singer who runs an orchestra named Disco Singh. He dreams of only two things - success and Sweety. Sweety is a beautiful and successful model. Lattu keeps on praying to god to send an angel who can make his dreams come true. And sure enough, God does send someone. Bhupinder Singh aka Paaji is a dreaded don who is not really an angel but Yamraj. He asks Lattu to do a job for him in return of which Lattu will get all the money that he wants. And so begins Lattu`s hilarious journey where he tries to woo Sweety while trying to save his life from Paaji. Things keep on getting more and more complicated for Lattu and how he manages to escape from all these pangas is what forms the rest of the story. She could do the responsible thing. Or she could go to Ibiza with her best friends to chase down a hot DJ. Easy choice. 5 Seasons The Movie Musical, Drama, Comedy, Jennifer is looking for her path in life she is super sexual and gets involved with Jim and Earl. Jennifer dreams of being an adult entertainer and along the way she goes through many wild and sometimes dangerous situations. THE NETWORKER is a comedy-drama with heart, an entertaining indie about family and redemption. Two highway road workers spend the summer of 1988 away from their city lives. The isolated landscape becomes a place of misadventure as the men find themselves at odds with each other and the women they left behind. A girl and her friends find a game in the attic that summons a creature known as The Midnight Man, who uses their worst fears against them. Two drunk parents attempt to hide their ever increasing financial difficulties from their daughter and social circle through elaborate neighborhood schemes. A group of friends embark on an adventure to find a classmate from university who disappeared without a trace on graduation day. Mannar Mathai Speaking 2 is malayalam comedy thriller film, directed by Mamas. It is a sequel to the 1995 cult comedy classic, Mannar Mathai Speaking and the third installment in the celebrated Ramji Rao franchise. Actors Mukesh, Saikumar, Innocent, Janardhanan reprise their roles; while Aparna Gopinath, Shammi Thilakan and a few others are also included in the cast Adult Camp is a comedy about the bumpy road to personal growth. A group of men and women, strangers to each other, choose to spend a different kind of summer holiday week by traveling to the beautiful Turku archipelago to participate in an inviting, upgraded version of an adult camp. When they discover that the galloping horses from the camp's sales video are just symbols of a free mind, and the guru of the camp takes off to witness his dog in labour, the participants are forced to examine themselves and each other to find the necessary elements for growth. Perhaps the camp doesn't fulfill its promise of the "most wonderful week of your life", but one thing's for sure - no one returns home the same. Madea's neighborhood takes a turn for the worse when a foster mother moves in with her unruly kids. Suspicious activity leads Madea to take justice into her own hands. With Aunt Bam by her side, Madea uses her unique wit and wisdom for unforgettable results.  Norman Pitkin is the assistant helping to run a small, old fashioned dairy which is threatened by a larger, modern organisation. Pitkin does his best to save the dairy (and his horse) and the usual chaos ensues Maldivian student Abraham Naim is better known as his alter ego: the powerful and sassy drag queen Medulla Oblongata, a notable figure in the Auckland LGBTQ scene. Medulla Oblongata explores where Abe is now and the life he left behind. Vicky Venkatesh ( Puneeth Rajkumar) is an adventure enthusiast based in New York. He's tried everything from sky diving to rock climbing. Pramila (Erica Fernandes) comes to New York in ... Jagannathan, a political advisor, is hired to help John, a politician in California. He employs various shrewd tactics to help John's party win the elections. It tells the story of a young female social worker who begins work at a hospital for retarded children, and discovers that some of the psychological problems attributed to these children are incorrectly diagnosed. Proving this to be the case is difficult, however, as it is generally accepted that as those who are 'profoundly retarded' cannot communicate, therefore they cannot think.  In the case of Annie O'Farrell (Tina Arhondis), finding a way for her to 'talk', other than speaking or writing, finally shows that she is not only able to think, but is highly intelligent. The battle against the hospital to acknowledge this in a legal sense goes to court, as the psychiatrists try to hide their misdiagnosis. Three friends celebrate a bachelor party. Their evening is full of surprises missed. This crazy night turns into a nightmare when they crash a young bride. Against all odds this accident will unleash the forces of evil. As the star of his church choir, there's nothing that brings Billy more joy than the opportunity to sing for an audience. However, as his desire to perform grows, the stalwart youth finds that waiting until Sunday to get his fix just simply isn't enough. Going against the advice of his pastor, Billy follows his girlfriend into the world of secular entertainment, joining the local community theatre troupe. There, Billy is introduced to a whole new world, where his fellow thespians dabble in drugs, sexual perversion, and table-top game-play. Yet, for all the newly minted depravities Billy encounters, none could prepare him for the darkest truth of them all: The theatre group is actually a front for a Satanic cult intent on raising Dracula from the grave! "Killing Love" is a short film about a couple in love. He is a jealous man with a short fuse, while she is beautiful, and a little crazy. Together, they're like a modern day Bonnie and Clyde, a dangerous combination. They are bound to repeat their mistakes again, unless one of them wakes up from this crazy killing love they're in... Rejoining the orphan Charlie in this stand alone film. Now he has a family with Gerda and Kurre. But when Gerda gets a child of her own, Charlies happiness feels threaten. A fair is in town and the family visits it, Charlie meets a wizard who shows her the tricks to a new world, but the wizards holds more darker secrets up his sleeve. A man is tasked with driving his embittered 80-year-old father-in-law cross country to be legally euthanized in Oregon, while along the way helping him rediscover a reason for living. When linguistics professor Henry Higgins boasts that he can pass off Cockney flower girl Eliza Doolittle as a princess with only six months' training, Colonel George Pickering takes him up on the bet. Eliza moves into Higgins's home and begins her rigorous training after the professor comes to a financial agreement with her dustman father, Alfred. But the plucky young woman is not the only one undergoing a transformation. Evelyn Ward and David E.M. Croft have less than a week to bring the cast and crew of a BAFTA winning short back together before losing BBC funding. They won a BAFTA, the BBC want them, but they all hate each other (Classic waste of our license fee).  Lonnie's life hasn't changed much in the 16 years since he graduated high school. Still painting houses, still drinking too much, still hanging out with the same old friends (including Alex Karpovsky of Girls, naturally hilarious as always). Bloomin Mud Shuffle is a gritty gem that wrings hard-earned humor out of tough circumstances. Frank V. Ross's seventh film includes strong performances from Natasha Lyonne (Orange is the New Black) and Rebecca Spence (Ross's Tiger Tail in Blue, WFF 2013), and a score by John Medeski of Medeski Martin &amp; Wood. Set in Bucharest after the fall of Ceausescu, Pioneers' Palace captures the chaotic essence of the time. Based on the director's own experience, the story follows a group of Romanian teenagers who, driven by the unprecedented freedoms of a free-market economy, open a disco in their high school. Surrounded by entrepreneurial opportunity and almost no limits, the teens visit Bucharest's first-ever brothel and are exposed to the dark underbelly of an unregulated society when they are faced with potential exposure to AIDS. Twin brothers -- one rough and tough, the other a city-bred milquetoast -- compete for their father's fortune. When Ace, a cocky young firefighter, defies his orders and recklessly puts his team in jeopardy, he resigns to the coal mines. Until one day he gets the chance to redeem himself. The World Title is the ultimate prize for Bobby Stevens. Getting to the final was his big chance but for some reason he froze against Ray Carter and the match was almost a whitewash as Bobby could not pot another ball! A few years later he's performing trick-shots wearing a mask in small clubs and trying to move on but whatever stopped him potting in the final before has resurfaced. Through his struggles, he meets a young girl and her mother who help him tread the right path. Does this lead to victory in the Jimmy White Invitational Tournament? Will he also find love along the way? "Catch Me" is about Lee Ho-tae (Joo Won) who meets the first love of his dreams, Yoon Jin-sook (Kim Ah-joong) for the first time in ten years but is shocked to find out she's a hit-and-runner. Mack and Jesse are a father and son survivalist team, in the making. Jesse just wants to do his own thing, his own way. A sudden outbreak of zombies centers on an office building, trapping the occupants. Mack and Jesse happen upon the scene, on their way to an underground bunker. Against Mack's better judgment, they stop and try to help. The situation becomes grim as the zombies breach the building, and the office workers are picked off. Mack and Jesse attempt to lead the remaining group to safety. Can they some how learn to see eye to eye, during a zombie holocaust and save humanity? Karikalan a selfish politician, in collusion with a real estate agent, usurps the lands of farmers in a village. Savuri decides to expose the politician and get the lands back to the villagers in a novel manner. Elodie and Marie, two teenage girls in a city where the housing crisis worsens by the day, are faced with a lack of prospects offered by the future, and see their chances of independence gradually disappearing. Elodie and Marie suggest a solution more extreme than not; empty apartments unjustly occupied by the "old" that, in their eyes, are the origin of the current social imbalance. In this journey through the initiatory path of adolescence, they discover that behind their cold calculations, human beings are just as lost they are. We meet Jesse and Celine nine years on in Greece. Almost two decades have passed since their first meeting on that train bound for Vienna. Raftaar Singh is always looking to have fun and runs away from responsibility. Fed up, his father orders Raftaar to go to Goa and work, and learn to take on responsibility. Once in Goa, he impresses his new boss with his enthusiasm and creative thinking. Soon he gets an assignment, and meets Sara Amy Jackson - and thus begins their unique love story. What ensues is a great comedy of errors, as one hilarious situation after another unfolds. Raftaar falls head over heels for this exotic, mysterious girl. The romance takes a deadly turn when he realizes that Sara is not who he thinks she is and has an agenda, which takes him to Romania. Will Raftaar be able to win her over in a distant and dangerous land? The Plan Man is about a man who lives everything according to plan until he meets a woman who wasn't a part of it. No overview found. When fans cannot get close to the real thing, these professionals step in to fill the void. As the old adage goes, 'imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.' From a celebrity impersonator convention to their lives across the country, JUST ABOUT FAMOUS chronicles the few who have had the fortune, or curse, of looking like the most recognizable people on the planet. A hacker group empty a bank account of a big strong person. The story goes on and now they must pay for that. After doing 13 years in prison for the murder of his wife, mechanic Harry Graham is out on parole and looking to rebuild his life in a small seaside community. He settles into a trailer park and finds both a job and a girlfriend. But things get difficult for Harry when his estranged son, Jimmy, shows up. He witnessed his mother's murder as a child and, after years spent in foster homes, has come looking for revenge. Over the top personalities and mayhem ensue in this quirky comedy about on-going sex scandals at Rain's church. There's a new pastor in place, but it's pretty clear from the get go that not everyone is quite ready to move on from the trauma and the drama of the past. It's been three years since we last met Janne and Inari. Since then, they've had a daughter named Lumi. Janne and his friends experience a new adventure, this time on an autumn night. The boys go to a party but end up chasing Lumi who has disappeared. Meanwhile, Inari enjoys a girls-night-out and has an adventure of her own. A couple with sexual fetishes find themselves kidnapped by a pair of dimwitted gangsters. The trials and tribulations of wealthy young Manhattanites and their sexual coming of age, a romantic comedy set at an Upper East Side prep school. Recorded live at Astoria Theatre, London on November 8th 2003 Sean's death leaves behind a twin brother, a lover and a good friend. His last will and testament insists that the three get together on a road trip to plant a cross where he died and also to try and get along. His twin brother had for years distanced himself from them because he did not approve of his brother's cabaret lifestyle and the friends he kept. They set off on a road trip through Southern Africa to perform tasks laid down in the will in order to inherit from the estate. They also have to do one final task of performing as a trio, the 'Manginas' for one last show with the twin brother taking his brothers part as a drag artist. In the wake of two back-to-back mass murders on Chico's frat row, loner Brent Chirino must infiltrate the ranks of a popular fraternity to investigate his twin brother's murder at the hands of the serial killer known as "Motherface." The story about the friendship between two women, family problems and difficult childhood. Planted by his fiancee at the airport, Bruno flies away alone for a week in an All Inclusive Caribbean vacation club. Bad news never comes alone, he will have to share his room with Jean-Paul Cisse, eternal bachelor very invading . The sheriff of a small town in southwest Texas must keep custody of a murderer whose brother, a powerful rancher, is trying to help him escape. After a friend is killed trying to muster support for him, he and his deputies - a disgraced drunk and a cantankerous old cripple - must find a way to hold out against the rancher's hired guns until the marshal arrives. In the meantime, matters are complicated by the presence of a young gunslinger - and a mysterious beauty who just came in on the last stagecoach. In this sparkling romance, Ruby, a Chinese American toy designer from LA, visits Hong Kong for the first time on business. Finding herself stranded, she meets Josh, an American expat who shows her the city. A killer is stalking the actors of Quadruple X films and trying to get a cut of his favorite porn stars. WORST LAID PLANS is a darkly hilarious story about four friends who find themselves in dire straits when they get behind on rent at their shop, A-1 Tattoo. Humiliated by their landlord, the guys hatch a plan to make some quick cash...but their biggest obstacle is not killing each other first.  Edith dreams of being a successful actress but just can't seem to make things happen. When she can't figure out what she's doing wrong, she begins to do everything wrong. Comedy -  -  Austin Naulty, Tamarah Murley, Andrew Breland  Katja Flint, Hannelore Elsner and Heiner Lauterbach star in this German film about a woman who climbs the social ladder by sleeping with those she encounters on her way to the top. When she's discovered dead in her apartment in 1957, the police try to piece together the clues to find out who murdered her ... but to no avail. In this humanistic comedy, set against the backdrop of economic crises and bad news, an extravagant international cast of characters meet, fight, and fall in love, while hiding from the end of the world and other calamities on the tiny Greek island of Khronos. Set in the year 1720, the story is about what happens to 29-year-old Tordenskiold when the Great Northern War ends and he doesn't know what to do with the rest of his life. His trusted valet persuades him to go on a European 'road trip' to search for a bride. Mr. Muller is not satisfied with his new work at the Goethe-Gesamtschule. The early getting up and correcting exams annoy him. Director Gerster wants to improve the image of the Goethe-Gesamtschule because she wants to be a symbol of the new company. To achieve this, she wants to take away the partnership from the Schillergymnasium with a Thai school. So, Mr. Muller, Mrs. Schnabelstedt and the 10b must go on a school trip to Thailand. Hilarity, romance, and transcendence prevail after a power outage traps six different groups of New Yorkers inside elevators on Christmas Eve. Poor young man named (Salem) works as a peddler, take responsibility for his sister after their parents' death, as a result of the so-called people close to him and his neighbors title (Salem Abu sister). After the events of the January 25 revolution turns his life into a living hell, especially after falling into many of the problems because of thugs and police officers, and trying to overcome them. Kicking Off starts with the most important game of the season. Loyal fans Wigsy and Cliff watch in trepidation as their football team score the goal that will save them from relegation. Victory is bliss as a chorus of supporters chant and cry with elation. However, this frenzy of happiness quickly turns ugly as the referee disallows the deciding goal. With their hearts and fists pumping, adrenalin running and fury racing through their bloodstream, the fans take matters into their own hands and Cliff makes the fatal mistake of planning while intoxicated. Wigsy, a confirmed idiot, follows through with the said plan and in the darkest hours of the night he commits a crime that will cause chaos and catastrophe for him and his best mate Cliff. Kicking Off is cleverly filmed with split screen shots and slow motion montages. The characters are lovable thugs who will leave you laughing and grimacing at their lack of common sense.  The beautiful game just got ugly. Lucy, a privileged North American in contemporary Berlin, living a life of post Punk hedonism, roams the streets with her best friend, Derek. Together they use the city like a playground, a stage, and a never ending party. Into their lives enters Galia, a young Israeli woman carrying the promise of a better, cleaner way of living. A tribute to Punk underground films turns into a melodrama in "Saturn Returns", mirroring Lucy and Galia's modulating states of mind. Our and their look into each other's life and culture, becomes an investigation of empty facades. The film was constructed by both improvised and pre-scripted scenes, as required by the nature of each scene. "Zombi Kilang Biskut" tells the story of Husin, who returns to Kampung Pisang to work in a biscuit factory in Taiping as a 'supervisor' after having been cheated on by the 'Get Rich Quick' scheme in Singapore. In the factory itself, Husin meets his old friends again including Usop, Deris and Mat Karan. They then get involved in solving a mystery, with violent zombies in the factory itself. "Lu, Gua Bro!" is about the ups and downs of two best friends, Yu and Mi who are from the same village, and weirdly enough, are born on the same day as well! When one their workplace is discovered to be running a secret drug syndicate, then it's up to the two friends to decide what to do. Dharma's girlfriend, Rose had died suddenly. Later, they found out that Rose had commit suicide. Dharma and Rose's twin, Seri trying to find out why Rose choosed such a way to die. Indra, Dharma's colleague also wants to help Dharma solve the mystery about Rose's death.  But during the investigations, Dharma often disturbed by paranormal things. Dharma complained to Seri and Indra but they do not believe in the existence of 'ghost'. Moreover, Dharma is been acting weird lately causing Seri accusing Dharma is the reason why Rose kill herself.  Now, Dharma has to find a way to solve the mystery that been haunting him and his family.  Will Dharma found the reason why Rose died? Paolo and his wife are waiting a baby and deciding his name, but it seems that Paolo's family and friends don't really like the chosen name. Two teenage boys unwittingly summon an ancient evil entity known as The Blind One by delving into black magic while trying to escape their mundane lives. The story of Canadian Lt. Gen. Romeo Dallaire and his controversial command of the United Nations mission to Rwanda during the 1994 genocide. The documentary was inspired by the book Shake Hands with the Devil: The Failure of Humanity in Rwanda which was published in 2003. It's a story about a woman who must figure out how to get out of an abusive relationship without losing her life.  A model family's happy life unexpectedly goes off the rails when the carefree Hedi, played by Laura Tonke, suddenly starts having panic attacks. First mental illness and then drug dependency - the happiness that these happy-go-lucky thirty-somethings once took for granted suddenly seems unattainable, and their world fragile and uncertain. Fran, the assistant to university professor Paddy, is about to turn 30. She is having an affair with a married minister's aide, Stephen. She returns home to the country town she grew up in and has a fling with an old flame, Alan. She also begins sleeping with Paddy. Hozuki-san Chi no Aneki is a brother-sister romantic comedy that follows the daily life of Goro Hozuki, a high school boy with an older sister named Haru who is unrelated by blood. Goro is mortified when the self-centered and lustful Haru plays pranks on him. During an internship in Tahoe, an awkward motormouth college sophomore is determined to fit in with his cool post-collegiate roommates, but discovers they, just like himself, are all major works in progress. During the end of the world, two best friends walk around their city, talking about their sex lives, and one of them reveals they are still a virgin. Etsinnassa (Searching for You) is a story about Joni, a young man in his twenties, who returns to his hometown for summer vacation from university. While on his vacation, Joni tries to find himself and happiness. Prasannan, a recently released mental asylum inmate, claims to be an avatar of God and assumes the identity of Poornananda Swami. A spy satellite has malfunctioned and is going to crash into the Earth. The US government bring on line a power laser. When the laser strikes the satellite, it causes a rip and time and sends Monroe High school 200 years into the future, including teachers, students and an escaping criminal. The students find themselves in a barren world, where they are set upon by the escaped criminal and a fierce monster. Two corrupt cops in New Mexico set out to blackmail and frame every criminal unfortunate enough to cross their path. Things take a sinister turn, however, when they try to intimidate someone who is more dangerous than they are. Or is he? I Like You is an honest and raw depiction of teenage life. It takes an unfiltered look at the rewards and perils of being a teenager in love and the trials and tribulations that come along with it. It's a journey of coming of age and the twist and turns of first time teenage love angst. Clark Kellogg is a young man starting his first year at film school in New York City. After a small time crook steals all his belongings, Clark meets Carmine "Jimmy the Toucan" Sabatini, an "importer" bearing a startling resemblance to a certain cinematic godfather. When Sabatini makes Clark an offer he can't refuse, he finds himself caught up in a caper involving endangered species and fine dining. A gang of crooks evade the police by moving their operations to a small town. There the gang's leader encounters a faith healer and uses him to scam gullible public of funds for a supposed chapel. But when a real healing takes place, a change comes over the gang. Lost film, only the most famous scene has survived. The complete racing history. Cracker County is under attack and lovesick dog catcher Bubba Blanche has been transformed into a ferocious, cigar smoking Werewolf in order to save the day. But first he's got to conquer a beer or two. And maybe a plate of chicken wings. The employees of the famous Russian "Claude Monet" restaurant are forced to move their business to Paris. They couldn't be more different, the members of the trio that allies in the fight against an Ancient Ice Ghost (AIG): Tom, an easily scared boy, Hetty, a professional ghosthunter and the loveable, but pretty slimy Hugo - a ghost. Will the team manage to save their town from the next ice age? Several actors are members of a amateur soccer team. They followed in their preparations for a particular audition and in their personal life. With about 6 actors this delivers a broad picture of Italian life in which the question what it means to be a man is posed in the challenging circumstances of familily life, sex relationships, sport, cross gender roles and mafia. Glossy melodrama starring Lana Turner as a young woman from Kansas who moves to New York, becomes highly successful at a prestigious modeling agency, and falls in love with a married man. Professional Squatchers Huckleberry and Scott Chuck travel from the deep south to New York city to track down the mythical monster; Bigfoot. A twenty-something gal realizes that she picked the wrong guy in high school, and travels back to her small town to make things right. To her surprise, Bobby is engaged to a lovely gal, Blake. Determined to rekindle the old flame and hide the fact that her life is in shambles, Maddie announces that she's getting married too! Immediately all her friends, including Bobby and Blake, help her prepare for a wedding that will never be... In the wake of the end of a relationship, David is faced with a life altering diagnoses which drastically changes his life and perspectives. The Cocksure Lads arrive in Toronto on the morning of their first North American tour. Aging record producer, Nick Silver sets out to prove he's still relevant by curating a playlist with multiple artists instead of an album with one artist. When his doctor tells him he'll be deaf in three months, he panics and begins speaking his memoirs into a video camera in bathroom mirrors all over Los Angeles. 2012: A family of Cite Balzac, a Paris's immigrant suburb, must leave the building where they live in before its impending demolition due to a political program of immigration control. Because of their different ages, their personalities and their diverse stories they do not feel the same way about this event. Between mirth, nostalgia, enthusiasm and indifference they are forced to move and their neighborhood disappears forever after few days. The worst teachers of France landed in England for an ultra-secret mission. With Boulard, the King of the Dunces, they are parachuted in the best school of the country, and they will apply their famous methods on the future of the nation. American retired Judge Randall Nemes and his hired gun, Gaspar, track down a con man posing as a priest in a small Colombian town only to be thrown off-course by a scrappy 16-year-old girl intent on reuniting with her sister in the United States. Backstage at a Broadway show. Andy Miller has asked a large number of women he didn't know to marry him. They said no. But Emma, a beautiful veterinary student agrees to go on some dates to see if they'll fall in love. Emma thinks this is all a joke set up by her roommate Mandy, but it's all a reality TV show created by Andy and Emma's the oblivious star. Aspiring New York City artist, John Hollar returns to his Middle America hometown on the eve of his mother's brain surgery. Joined by his girlfriend, eight months pregnant with their first child, John is forced to navigate the crazy world he left behind. Tom is an American who moves to Tokyo on what he thinks is to be a temporary situation. He struggles to fit into the Japanese culture and hides behind the Internet. He meets Saki, a free-spirited Japanese woman who changes the way he views the world. Kevin has sworn off sex to win back his former fiancee when he meets a beautiful escort named Zade. Over the course of a legendary party, Zade just might provide the spark that this heartbroken idealist needs to turn his life around. On a small town college campus, a philosophy professor in existential crisis gives his life new purpose when he enters into a relationship with his student. A pair of broken-hearted people meet and begin a relationship, but their painful pasts hang over their romance. Moritaka Mashiro (Takeru Satoh) doesn't want to follow in the path of his uncle who worked as a manga artist, but ultimately died because of exhaustion. Moritaka Mashiro figures he will graduate from school and work at an office. Things change though when falls in love with a girl at school. The girl, who hopes to become a voice actress, tells Moritaka they can marry, but only after they both achieve their dreams. Moritaka then teams up with fellow classmate Akito Takagi (Ryunosuke Kamiki) to publish their first manga. Set in uber cool South Mumbai, we follow the lives of DINOO (Armaan Jain) and KARISHMA (Deeksha Seth), their lifestyle and attitude... Young & restless who want to live life on their own terms! They are constantly frolicking around the city and painting the town red with their friends. When their exciting lives gets jolted with the pressure Karishma's family is piling on to getting her hitched, she and her rebellious best friend, Dino, realize that its THEY who are in fact 'made for each other'. Being the rulers of their destiny, they elope to forge a lifetime of love, fun and freedom. But they are yet to learn that life isn't that simple. And sometimes who you love the most... can become the biggest problem. LHDD follows a year in the young and passionate lives of Dino and Karishma who go through friendship, disillusionment, shame, conflict and heartbreak until they realize true love. But they question is - will they make the same mistake...again??! When Martin and Suzanne drive into the big city for an abortion, fate conspires to strand them there for 24 hours. What began as an awkward errand, blossoms into a romantic adventure and two messed-up kids get a little closer to finding their way. Ellen Carson is a real estate agent who inadvertently cuts off a delivery truck driver while changing lanes on the freeway to hurry home. The truck driver turns out to be a disturbed man named Eddie Madden, who proceeds to chase after Ellen in an effort to run her off the road. Ellen in fear calls the 1-800 number on the back of his truck and lodges a complaint, which causes Eddie to lose his job, and he (being a grieving husband and father who earlier lost his family to a car accident) sets out to destroy Ellen's family and soon becomes fixated on Ellen and her teenage stepdaughter Cynthia and plots to have them as replacement family, by removing the head of the house, Ellen's husband and Cynthia's father Jim Carson.  After the Ball, a retail fairy tale set in the world of fashion. Kate's dream is to design for couturier houses. Although she is a bright new talent, Kate can't get a job. No one trusts the daughter of Lee Kassell, a retail guru who markets clothes "inspired" by the very designers Kate wants to work for. Who wants a spy among the sequins and stilettos? Reluctantly, Kate joins the family business where she must navigate around her duplicitous stepmother and two wicked stepsisters. But with the help of a prince of a guy in the shoe department her godmother's vintage clothes and a shocking switch of identities, Kate exposes the evil trio, saves her father's company -- and proves that everyone can wear a fabulous dress. A courageous homicide detective falls into a treacherous web of depravity after plunging herself into the world of sexual fetish videos in pursuit of an elusive serial killer. A madman has been slicing up bridesmaids all over the city, and Detective Greer English (Laura Romeo) is determined to see that justice is served. As the wave of terror continues, Detective English focuses her investigation on Billy Tagg (Michael McGovern) - a fetish photographer who specializes in the extreme. But Billy isn't who he appears to be, and by the time Detective English discovers he's been taken over by an ancient entity known as "The Tickle Monster," she may already be laughing her way to an early grave.  In a remote house in Maine, two friends predict shifts in global financial markets by viewing footage of the forest. There is nowhere to hide...nowhere to run...the Zombie Apocalypse has come, and our world now belongs to the dead! From Ireland, Canada, Australia, Europe and all over the U.S., the bone-chilling news reports tell the same gruesome tale - walking corpses terrorize and devour the living. Only a few desperate humans find the courage to stand and fight for their last chance at survival. But the hordes of undead keep coming, and there's only one thing on the menu - us. Sachiko (Rino Sashihara) is an university student. Her nickname is Buko, because she has been negative about everything since she was young. Sachiko believes someday she will meet a man like in a romance manga. Her university life is boring and she spends her time reading romance manga in her room. One day, on Twitter, she meets a man who uses the user ID of Sparrow. He likes reading manga and looks like Johnny Depp.  Sachiko makes a date to meet the man. She tries to change herself, but it's not so easy due to various unexpected incidents. In 1714 Captain Zachariah Zicari stops a group of possessed townsfolk from using a powerful amulet that would have released the ultimate evil, the Leviathan. Fast forward to 2014 and the amulet is again in the wrong hands. Can Captain Z save the Earth??? Giggling young women who secretly feed a macho cowboy Viagra  might sound pretty funny. But is it really?... I Stay with You starts out  as an innocent comedy with rich girls having carefree fun. Gradually,  however, the film undergoes a transformation, ending in dark  sadism. Artist Artemio Narro has made a number of installations  and videos on the subject of violence. His first fiction feature is not  only a commentary on the ever-present violence in Mexico, but  also on how we see violence. The changing tone of the film and an  ingenious turnaround in the battle of the sexes makes this film a  confrontational experience.  Inspector Holloway is investigating a series of brutal murders in which a doll of each victim is found at the scene. The dolls, as it turns out,were purchased by the crippled Mrs. Von Sturm, whose home is overcrowded with a doll collection. Her pale, wide-eyed, neurotic son is the prime suspect and the daughter of one of the victims discovers the shocking truth. A rich brat (Alicia Silverstone) fakes her own kidnapping, but in the process ends up locked in the trunk of a car that gets stolen. Six friends having a weekly board game night are interrupted by a booming movie trailer voice from the sky. Inexplicably, they find themselves trapped in a Horror Movie. Who amongst them will turn into a homicidal killer? Who will be the sole survivor? And who will be the first to die in the shower? Struggling to break free from the stereotypes that would see them dead, each of the friends try to stay alive in whatever hopelessly desperate ways they can. First bite gives you focus, third bite gives you pleasure, fifth bite - Cannibal Fog. Maria is 30 years old, she is a peculiar person and has one goal: become a normal person. But first of all she must discover what is exactly this. Which kind of person is she? Is she a normal person? What does exactly means? That question goes deeper into her mind. After she lists every requirements, she proposes to reach them. In that journey she will find her brother's help, Alex, a 25 years old boy who is mentally challenged and achieves every list requirements. She meets Borja as well, a boy obsessed with diets and lose weight. They will make a curious pact: she helps him to live an active and healthy live, and he helps her to meet her goal: become a normal person. Takeharu Takami (Ryuhei Matsuda) is a bank teller, but he becomes allergic to money. He decides not to use money at all. Takeharu decides to move to a small village in the Tohoku region. There, he encounters residents who are not so easy. Four married friends buy a condo to share as a bachelor pad, a place to bring their mistresses, until the wives and girlfriends bust the cheating spouses. Ajith is a 2014 Kannada film directed by Mahesh Babu starring Chiranjeevi Sarja and Nikki Galrani. The movie follows the journey of two strangers, a jobless carefree man and a woman with whom he has fallen in love, who embark on a road trip filled with action and excitement. A struggling actress must play the role of a detective in order to save an adorable Maltese puppy from a murderous group of Goth Thugs, a Devilish Dominatrix, and a handsome, lying doctor. A little girl, who is a poet and whose daddy calls her a boy's name, Mykola, tells three stories that happened in her village - about the football match, the wedding, and the strange testament. Mykola knows everything, because of what her grandpa told her: it's not good to lie; a guy has to be led over the water so that he was forever faithful; a movie in the sky is more interesting than a movie in the cinema; and a human life is like the flight of a golden fly over the fire - similarly bright and similarly short. Buddy Solitaire is a struggling comedian on the late night circuit. The only job he can get is teaching comedy to the mentally ill. Buddy discovers, however, that by helping these patients, he can get closer and closer to healing himself. An American businessman with a stake in a pharmaceutical company that's about to go public finds his life is thrown into turmoil by an incident in Mexico. The true story of the relationship between Alan Bennett and the singular Miss Shepherd, a woman of uncertain origins who 'temporarily' parked her van in Bennett's London driveway and proceeded to live there for 15 years. Frank Mancini, a driven Australian stage dad, pushes his children and long suffering girlfriend into the entertainment industry in search of his own delusional dreams of stardom. A slapstick comedy about a fictitious competition spoofing reality show competitions. When Catchup turns Ketchup, we get 'Yaaran Da Katchup' - a story of 3 college friends Hardy Gill (Hardy Sandhu), Arjun Singh (Anil Juneja) and Fateh King (Varun Sharma). The elderly nursing home residents for years feel worthless and troublesome. But then a crazy idea strikes them - to waive their pensions and enroll in the army as volunteers thus saving the country from financial crisis and spending excitingly the last years of their lives. The oldies are wise enough at organizing this event and now real adventures begin. Many years ago, on a faraway island, there lived a Sun Duck who protected his flock from evil powers. The Sun Duck had his loyal guardians who made sure the Sun evenly spread its energy on their flourishing land. The bliss continued until an Evil Witch learned of the Sun Duck's superpowers. She seized the guardians and stole the Sun Duck away for the only sake every living woman would understand: eternal youth and mesmerizing beauty.  Today, nobody believes in old legends. Mandarin ducks peacefully reside on their island and abide by the law that prescribes "no flying on the island" and "never leave the island". The Emperor is the only one who knows that the legend is true and that the next generation Sun Duck has been born. He keeps it in strict secrecy, but the Witch also knows that the legend is true and she is coming back for her next victim. A doe-eyed knife-wielding killer is on the loose in a small town slicing and dicing men of questionable intent left and right. As her brutality leaves a town littered with corpses, her unquenchable blood-lust is lost on her young lover who is willing to pursue her regardless of the obvious warning signs of psychosis. Will he meet his end at the end of her blade? She decides who lives or dies! That's Not Funny is an examination of the history of taboo subjects and controversy in comedy, and one comedy fan's heartfelt and passionate defense of an art form. 21-year-old Chris tries to break into her wealthy and glamorous neighbor's world. The story of the first major battle of the American phase of the Vietnam War and the soldiers on both sides that fought it. A young man who gets easily scared is possessed by a ghost that is seeking revenge. In its minimal and non-traditional plot, Shitcago follows a seemingly mundane day in the life of a young loner living in Chicago as he wanders around the city and encounters many idiosyncratic characters. Two womanizing bachelors fall in love with twin sisters who run a sex addiction clinic. Three engineering students whose life takes a twist after meeting a mysterious man who teaches them the real meaning of life. Hrudaya Kaleyam is a 2014 Telugu action film directed by Steven Shankar on Amrutha productions and VSS Creations banners jointly which stars debutantes Sampoornesh Babu, Kavya Kumar and Ishika Singh in the lead roles. R.K. composed the music while Russel Carpenter Jr. handled the cinematography. The film revolves around Sampoornesh, a petty thief who robs parts in electronic shops and why he robs electronic shops and departmental stores. Movie was released in 155 centres including Bengaluru.The movie was considered a hit at Box Office. Since the budget was very low, this movie is considered to be one of the highest grossing low budget movies. Spanning nearly 40 years from 1925 to 1964, two Texas farm boys; straight-arrow Gid and laid-back Johnny fight over the affections of the beautiful and headstrong Molly Taylor, who consistently refuses to marry either of them. Anna is a Salvadorian girl who has lived in the USA and come backs to her home country where she stars searching for the love of her life with the help of her cousin and his friend. In search of the remaining traces of flaneurs (19th Century wanderers of Paris), an unemployed filmmaker takes his newborn daughter on a series of poetic strolls and crosses the paths of people who help reveal the relevance of the flaneur today. Haunted by uncanny similarities between Nazi stage techniques and the showmanship employed by modern entertainers, a filmmaker investigates the dangers of audience manipulation and leader worship. Documents nine youths from Oakland, California immersed in a six month Hip Hop music therapy workshop. The film chronicles the youth as they set out to make music that not only expresses their thoughts, but also builds a stronger community through widespread change and hope. The resiliency upheld by these teens' voices shows that they cannot be dismissed, that they are in fact some of our most important educators in a critical time of change. A woman is drawn into a world of darkness and violence. She realizes that the only way out is through death. As a dinosaur apocalypse begins in a small town, a Paleontologist and a Nazi descendant join forces with a War Veteran to find his daughter. Jonah Brand (John Patrick Amedori) isn't necessarily the type of guy who would interest ultra-hot Sara Weller (Lizzy Caplan). But when she and her friends find out he works at a pharmacy, they charm him into their circle and gain his trust with manipulative fawning. Jonah knows he's playing with danger, but it's tough to resist the game. Daryl Hannah and D.J. Cotrona co-star in this grizzly tale of addiction and obsession. Ava is recovering from demonic possession. With no memory of the past month, she must attend a Spirit Possessions Anonymous support group to figure out what happened. Ava's life was hijacked by a demon, now it's time to get it back. Talia and her spouse, Gavry, Lives in an isolated village next to a forest. Talia takes care of the wounded woodland creatures and sets them free. But in this pastoral atmosphere are hidden the violence and tension in the relationship and Talia must choose- whether to remain in the current situation or take action. Documents nine youths from Oakland, California immersed in a six month Hip Hop music therapy workshop. The film chronicles the youth as they set out to make music that not only expresses their thoughts, but also builds a stronger community through widespread change and hope. The resiliency upheld by these teens' voices shows that they cannot be dismissed, that they are in fact some of our most important educators in a critical time of change. The Internet has evolved into its own physical space. A group of Cyberpunchers (people who make a living breaking into the restricted parts of the Internet) are hired to go on a rescue mission into the core of Cyberspace--Terminal X. A quirky, aspiring actress is determined to make her dreams come true in Hollywood, but first she's got to overcome her biggest obstacle - herself. A young man struggling with the death of his parents meets an extroverted girl who joins him on his sailing trip. While spending time together, the dark secrets they are both running away from start to show. NYPD detectives Luis and Eddie visit Paris to help gorgeous French designer Colette catch the black market thief who's ripped off her new handbag design. While Luis' girlfriend Vanessa and Eddie's wife Gloria remain in New York, the hopelessly unhip odd couple stumble through a glamorous high-fashion world brimming with charming cafes, wild nightclubs and corporate treachery. Ng Kau Sau was once Queen in badminton, she gave up herself after being expelled from the sport. One day she met a brunch of terrible weirdoes: the Drunken Master who was lying on the ground, one-armed Lam Chiu, visually-impaired Ma Kun, and the scar-faced boss Lau Dan who suffered from loss of hearing. They were the most notorious robbers 10 years ago, but they decided to be good men after they got out from jail and formed the "Lau Dan Badminton Club". Sau was impressed by them and decided to join Dan and practice seriously and go to the competition together.  Four friends and a pastor set out on a cross country trip to Las Vegas to win souls for Jesus. But when they arrive, they become tempted to sin. Shinda was mistreated by his relatives therefore he finds other ways to have his love Laali. Shinda and his two other friends come up with a plan to solve all of their problems. Centers on a Parisian rapper who suddenly becomes deaf and his relationships. A young and cynical female journalist learns love may transcend trials and time as she discovers a story that will change her life forever. When war separates lovers on their wedding anniversary Feb. 14, 1944 at LA Union Train Station, Navy pilot Neil Thomas makes a promise he isn't sure he can keep - to return to the train station safe by their next anniversary. For sixty years Caroline Thomas keeps her promise by waiting at the train station until her missing in action husband can finally keep his with the "lost valentine." The message and meaning shows romance and love can be real; worth fighting, and maybe even dying for. On the run from an assassin, international rock star Bene hides out in Los Angeles and prepares for a showdown with death. Grace is excited for the summer so she can start a business with her friends, but things take an unexpected turn when her mom announces a trip to Paris. There, Grace must learn to get along with her French cousin, Sylvie, and she finds unexpected inspiration for her business. Then, Grace finds out her grandparents bakery, that inspired her to start a business, is closing. Can she and her friends find a way to save it? A pair of cops investigating a drug invasion stumble upon a mysterious bank vault. The story of a heartbroken man who attends a spiritual retreat, only to discover that the course releases more than everyday toxins and traumatic experiences. MAKING IT is an original and quirky comedy following one man's search for love, creative fulfilment and a pencil sharper.  George Banbury is a thirty-three year old struggling actor best known for having appeared alongside a troll in a Wine Gums advert. Stuck in a rut and living with his parents, George is going nowhere fast. An unexpected pregnancy and a chance encounter with an ex-girlfriend sees George attempt to expose his inner leading man to a world that has already cast him as a supporting artiste. The son of acclaimed cinematographer Haskell Wexler confronts his complex father by turning the camera on him. What results is a portrait of a difficult genius and a son's path out of the shadow of a famous father. Follows the dramatic journeys of video game developers as they create and release their games to the world. It's about making video games, but at its core, it's about the creative process, and exposing yourself through your work. In short: Making fun and games is anything but fun and games. The five daughters of a famous actor, all from different mothers and different nationalities, get together on the 10th anniversary of his death for a celebration of his career. Rich Peppiatt delivers a satirical dissection of the newspaper trade by turning the tables on unscrupulous editors. Through a series of mischievous stunts and interviews with heavyweights of journalism, comedy &amp; politics, Peppiatt hilariously exposes the hypocrisy at the heart of modern journalism. Jason is stuck living in the shadows of his more successful wife (Busy Philipps) and two young kids. When debt threatens to destroy his family, he jump-starts his career, a move that sends him down of a rabbit hole of nefarious characters and sociopaths. Along the way, he must confront a pedophiliac movie star, a chauvinistic therapist, a trust-fund cokehead and a painful discussion about who his wife would marry if he died. Yet when Jason finally finds success he realizes there's more to marriage than just paying the bills. As the 2011 Occupy Wall Street movement rages, Robert and John, two New York investment bankers who are angered by the noise, smell and hassle of the protests venture into the park to let the "One Percent" be heard through their own counter movement, Occupy Occupy Wall Street.  Phil and Colin Beverly are two inept small-town brothers with big dreams, and a song-and-dance rock group to take them there. When they learn of a 'performance competition' in Austin, Texas called South by Southwest, they set out on a cross-country journey, followed by a camera crew of student filmmakers who document their quest to the top! The top of what, they have no idea. Jones proposes to his girlfriend only to receive the worst possible reply, 'No'. Not being able to handle the heartbreak, Jones works on inventing a time machine so he can travel back and fix the dire complications within the relationship. Once the time machine becomes operational, friendships, loyalty and love is tested. An uneducated and naive young man from a family of Siddha doctors wants to marry an educated woman so that he won't be cheated in life. He marries a girl lying that he is a doctor but the girl has her own secrets... An honors graduate in literature, Wyman is stuck writing cheap erotic fiction, but somehow ends up starring in an AV film. Suddenly a porn superstar in Japan, he discovers a whole new world fraught with pleasure, pain and more twists and turns than he or the audience expects. Marian is a factory worker determined to leave the assembly line behind and move up in the world. Kalidasan (Prakash Raj), a bachelor in his forties, is an archaelogist and a foodie. Kali's well wishers want him to get married but he is in no hurry to get hitched. One day, he receives a call from Gowri, a dubbing artiste in her mid-thirties, who mistakes Kalidasan's number to be that of a hotel's. Both Gowri and Kali end up fighting initially but eventually learn that they share the same interests. After several conversations over the phone, they feel that the other might be the soul mate that they've been waiting for all their lives. Just when the two decide to meet each other in person, doubts cloud their mind and they seek the help of their younger relatives, who completely misread the situation and cause confusion. While transporting the unstoppable killer Bonejangles to an asylum, a group of police officers encounter a hellish pit stop: a cursed town where the dead rise from their graves. Now the only way to save their lives and the town is to release Bonejangles and fight the curse...with something much worse. A runaway couple go on an unforgettable journey from Boston to Key West, recapturing their passion for life and their love for each other on a road trip that provides revelation and surprise right up to the very end.   After leaving her daughter Jessica in a small town in Pernambuco to be raised by relatives, Val spends the next 13 years working as a nanny to Fabinho in Sao Paulo. She has financial stability but has to live with the guilt of having not raised Jessica herself. As Fabinho's university entrance exams approach, Jessica reappears in her life and seems to want to give her mother a second chance. However Jessica has not been raised to be a servant and her very existence will turn Val's routine on its head. With precision and humour, Anna Muylaert turns her eye on the subtle and powerful forces that keep rigid class structures in place and how the youth may just be the ones to shake it all up. A struggling Gujarati businessman ventures into the world of China where he gets a brilliant business idea that could change his life forever. Nothing is what it looks like. Everything is possible. Emotional parasyte dance in a mask play. Monika and Kristina are flatmates and maybe friends. One of the two is a famous YouTuber. One gun, two guns... Based on Miguel Angel Martin's comics, this story won't leave you indifferent. It happens in a world which could be ours, where technology and social media changed the way we relate to each other. After losing his job on a coin-toss a man concocts a fantastical plan to build an enterprise of harvesting coins from wishing fountains. A Thriller/Romance/Comedy - A mysterious man is sent to protect a woman against her sister's attempts to have her killed. In the process, the man and woman fall in love. Little Trip:  Chairperson Ayako (Kaho Takashima) and Yuki (Honoka Miki), who sometimes skips school, become close. They run away.  Rakugaki Uwagaki:  Satomi (Sumire Sato) used to be a member of art club, but she stopped drawing. Due to a cultural festival, she decides to draw again.  Baion:  Kuroi (Aoi Koizumi) likes recording the sounds of daily life. One day, she meets Rika (Mayu Matsuoka). Rika begins to enjoy recording the sounds of daily life with Kuroi.  A genetic engineering experiment gone horribly awry turns a large flock of docile sheep into unrelenting killing machines in this rural horror comedy directed by Jonathan King and featuring special effects designed by Weta Workshop.    After the delay of an official imam sent to a little village, the villagers try to find an imam to lead them during pray. After discussions, they decide to make "Bizum Hoca" (Our hodja) the imam of village, a villager loved and respected by everyone, though he is not an official one.  Hodja, a different man from stereotype imams, also wants to change some bad habits villagers have. Meanwhile, the construction of one of the hydroelectric power plants (HPP) causing intense discussions in the region, next to a river flowing through the village, becomes a hot issue on the village's agenda. The villagers are against this construction and the fight begins. "Bizum Hoca" finds himself leading the villagers who started the protests.   The wife of a pastor who preaches against homosexuality embarks on an affair with a female writer. Anna Berkutova - blonde in the armor of mini-skirts. Her weapons - her beauty, intelligence and absolute confidence in the fact that she knows men. It is an important project in Skolkovo and is going to marry a rich foreigner. But on her birthday, March 8, it is clear, as the financial report, the fate of change: Anna throws groom steal her project of Skolkovo, and she begins to hear the thoughts of men. This ability is first brought her to despair, and then opens wide possibilities ... With Blue Mountain State football star Thad Castle recently signing a multi-million dollar NFL contract, his teammates and college life seem like a distant memory. However, when a new school dean threatens to clean up the BMS image by auctioning off the infamous Goat House, Alex, Sammy and the boys must find a way to convince him to get involved. Despite his new fortune and fame, there is one small favor that Thad needs done before he saves the day: the biggest booze-and-sloot fest in BMS history. Welcome to Thadland! A family of bloodthirsty monsters descends on the city to take revenge on the man that caused the death of so many of their own. What if the Surrealists were living today, in Berlin? Lexia, a Bosnian vagabond, comes to Berlin to become an artist. But she finds what she's never had. A family. Elixir is a story about love, art and fear. A romantic comedy about the adventures of the two old friends, former classmates, Mira and Olga in today Moscow.  Eileen, Sebastian and Vogel, the formidable ghost-busting team. are summoned to the depths of Middlesex to face an even more formidable challenge, who goes by the name of Mr Crispin. With more twists and turns than a Transylvanian mountain track this documentary will leave you questioning your own sanity. The continuing adventures of The Presenter, Simon and Sir Sebastian Wainwright. When a systems engineer blows the whistle on a dangerous technology, Charlie's Angels from across the globe are called into action, putting their lives on the line to protect society. Yitzhak runs the turkey farm his father built with his own two hands after they emigrated from Iran to Israel. When his son Moti turns thirteen, Yitzhak teaches him the trade, hoping that he will continue the proud family tradition. But Moti doesn't like working in the turkey barn; his passion is fixing up junkyard cars and bringing them back to life. Moti's mother Sarah tries to reconcile between the two, while his grandfather pushes Yitzhak to take a firm hand with his son. Yitzhak takes Moti's refusal to work in the turkey barn as a personal rejection. Though he loves his son dearly, he makes it his mission to impose the family farm on Moti. The arrival of Darius, the uncle from America, sets off a chain of events that will undermine the familial harmony. Soon enough Yitzhak will learn that his son is just as stubborn as he is. The conflict is inevitable.   Barney is back with a new generation of kid actors, a music video, and BJ in a tutu. Gone is the old treehouse; Barney and buddies now hang out in a hip refurbished caboose. First up is a lesson about reading in which books inspire the children to act out stories and write their own. In the second story, BJ doesn't want to dance ballet with his sister Baby Bop, until the kids explain that he can put his own spin on it--and take off the tutu. The reinvigorated dinosaur even mildly displays some urban flair when one girl dances to rap. With the incessant adult Barney-bashing of the past, his new owners had the stated purpose of getting parents on their side this time. In that respect, the good news is that both the setting and the child actors seem less artificial, and one of the girls even has a lovely singing voice. After suffering a heart attack, Bill (Bill Oberst) takes his doctor's advice literally to eliminate the stresses from his life. The plan is working until his killings attract the attention of a psychotic cop (Armand Assante) who isn't sure whether he wants to arrest or join him.  Complications deepen when it becomes apparent to Bill that the biggest cause of stress in his life might be his wife. A young woman commits a hit-and-run, then finds her fate tied to her victim. Truman Burbank is the star of "The Truman Show", a 24-hour-a-day "reality" TV show that broadcasts every aspect of his life -- live and in color -- without his knowledge. His entire life has been an unending soap opera for consumption by the rest of the world. And everyone he knows -- including his wife and his best friend -- is really an actor, paid to be part of his life. Women from Kerala have a 'beautiful' reputation about their looks and the hero's father in Kerala Naatilam Pengaludanae played by Professor Gnanasambandham seems to be smitten by them with a reason to support his belief. Released from prison and terminally ill, Parvis Karimpour is determined to be reunited with his daughter, Nasrin, who fled Iran for Europe many years before. Crossing the Mediterranean only to be unceremoniously dumped on the Spanish coast, Karimpour makes for Madrid in search of his erstwhile only child. Along the way he meets failed Italian pianist Fabrizio and spoilt German dreamer Almut - fellow migrants struggling to make their way in a Europe beset by economic turmoil. The search for Nasrin lends Karimpour's new friends a sense of purpose, and the unlikely threesome take up her trail. An almost romantic comedy on the edge: Holocaust researcher Toto is having a major life crisis. Just when things at home and work could not get worse, he unwantedly gets a new assistent assigned to himself. Zazie is french, jewish, slightly germanophobe and supposed to help Toto to prepare a major congress. As the star of the congress suddenly wants to pull out, the problems are piling up and the two have to fix it. Ramona is fat woman with too much weight and barely any luck. She recalls a childhood filled with moral abuse by her mother, sister and friends, calling her silly offensive names referencing her overweight. When she became an adult, things didn't really get any better. She's fired for being fat, she wants a liposuction but the doctor informs her she's not a candidate due to her overweight, and all her universe seems to be collapsing after a series of unfortunate events. But everything will soon get better thanks to some magical beetles she finds in a Tarot cafe. On his 21st birthday, MJ (Shaheizy Sam) was given his father's trust to inherit their family's Mamak restaurant empire. That means, MJ has to choose between his family business or following his own dream in opening a cupcake bakery. Disgraced poet Ted Wallace is summoned to his friend's country manor to investigate a series of unexplained miracles. "Love, Supermoon" tells the story of three best friends Triz, Tiha and Nina, who like gossiping about Razak`s life. Razak is a doctor and was married to a flight attendant named Nora, but the marriage did not last long. Razak is good friends with Solomon, the adopted brother of Nina who later becomes his wife. Although the three best friends act crazy at times, they will never run away from the trials in their lives. In order to wipe out the Gaulish village by any means necessary, Caesar plans to absorb the villagers into Roman culture by having an estate built next to the village to start a new Roman colony.  The continuing adventures of the Portokalos family. A follow-up to the 2002 comedy, "My Big Fat Greek Wedding."  Igor, a furniture store manager, tries to figure out what happened during the corporate event which resulted his store to be completely destroyed. Three juvenile-delinquents launch a reign of terror upon those who witnessed a deadly auto accident in this exploitation drama.  Martin, creative director at a large, unprofessional, womanizing and an ego in the clouds advertising agency, sees things in a very peculiar way. Ines, a new account executive, organized and responsible, arrives to change their world. A mockumentary about five arrogant overpaid homophobic racist ex-Manchester United players who had the chance to become heroes in 2010 - and failed spectacularly. Action - 'Testudon', one of the most famous foolish film festivals, made a foolish anthology film about 'Japan' with 26 directors. Naturally, the directors are also foolish enough, so that you might wonder if it is really about Japan or get headache at the screening.At least, some of the 26 various works will please you. It is inevitable that the theater room will be full of laughter, hand claps, roars or booings like 'Pay back the money!'. But we won't reimburse you! -  Keisaku Kimura, Ryuki Kitaoka, Britani Sugawara Jack Shepard is an out-of-shape auto shop owner, far removed from the man who once protected the world's freedom. Reluctantly called back into action by the government, Jack is tasked with turning a ragtag group of kids with special powers into a new generation of superheroes to save the world from certain destruction. A funny story about two brothers, Pietro and Francesco, and what happens with them and their families after Petro loses his memory. Hibiscus (Suivai Pilisipi Autagavaia, from short film Manurewa) and the take no nonsense Ruth (Anna-Maree Thomas) have been friends since school. But now Hibiscus is in her final year of university, and her domineering mother doesn't want any boyfriends getting in the way; so Hibiscus enlists Ruth's help, to handle the temptations of a line of potential suitors. The kids and Uncle Anders want to participate in the hotels competition to become  "The Sunny Family of The Year" but father says no, underlining that "We're good enough as we are!" He changes his mind, though, when he meets the competing family, and recognize the father as his old school mate, who's been bullying him for all of their school years, for being physically inadequate. Consequently father enters the competition with all his might and heart, and what should have been a friendly contest, ends up being a fight for honor and redemption, and it's only by the loving and innovative intervention from the kids, that father in the ends realizes that the family really doesn't need to go to any of such extremes. They are actually good enough as they are! Near by Christmas, in an old and charming town in Transylvania, Sebastian and Aprilia start a beautiful love story. However, nothing is as simple as it would seem. Being influenced by three men with strong personalities, Aprilia needs to find the balance between adulthood and the choices of a young girl's heart. It's Christmas time and life holds for this talented beautiful girl only the presents that she is strong enough to grab. When local business man name Terrence TJ Coleman get locked up on scam charges, his employees decide to run operations still using his schemes to line their pockets until they are Finessed out of everything. Vowing to get it back they're forced to come up with an elaborate scheme or end up with nothing considering the Boss is on his way home from jail. How are they going to get it back? By pulling off the Ultimate Finesse. Former high school classmates reunite and rehash old rivalries. Feature film inspired by the pranks performed by the comedy troupe The Janoskians. A self-help seminar inspires a sixty-something woman to romantically pursue her younger co-worker. A movie about a relationship...that's worse than yours. Seth (Stewart), a sitcom writer-producer, meets Chelsea (Wilson), an interior decorator, at his best friend's (Bellamy) wedding. He's immediately sexually attracted to her while she's instantly attracted to his single-ness. They both ditch their wedding dates and start their own date that same night. The two become a couple, appearing very happy until after a couple of years of postponing a marriage proposal. When Chelsea realizes that Seth wants to remain single and together, she becomes quite bitter. In the next hour of the movie, the two engage in behavior that makes the War of the Roses look like child's play. A cab driver is caught between a dysfunctional realtionship between a father and his daughter as he drives them to Calcutta. When a low level mobster is nearly rubbed out by the boss, he decides to take the bonus he was promised by force, so he kidnaps the boss and demands a hefty ransom. A group of criminals, fleeing a gun possession charge, take over a farm in rural Appalachia and attempt to secede from the United States. Clarise, an OFW mother in Japan, and her desire to have a husband and father for her children. One day, Clarise bumps into Henry, ridiculed and rejected. Then, they meet again in a plane going back to the Philippines. Here, an accident happens. Clarise wakes up and finds herself in an island with Henry, who now has amnesia. Clarise takes advantage of the situation and introduces herself as his wife. She makes him believe that they have been married in Japan and they are on their way to the Philippines to get married in church. After being saved, Clarise then introduces Henry to her family and friends. Will Henry learn to really love Clarise? Or, will Henry find the truth about Clarise's lies? What if Henry learns that Clarise is his "illegal wife?" It has been a quarter of a century since a little-known sports reporter was given his own radio chat show by the BBC. Two radio series, five TV series, four specials, two books and one movie later, Alan Partridge has an unrivalled place in the comedy pantheon. To celebrate Alan's return to his rightful home at the BBC in 2018, this retrospective documentary will look back at his journey from broadcaster caricature to the award-winning study of complexity and pathos that he has become. Shaina lives 600 years in the future. War, greed, prejudice, poverty, pollution, violence, loneliness, depression - these are things that she's read about in history books. When an accident in a physics experiment sends her on a time-travel journey to our times, she assumes that everyone around her is honest, generous and caring, as she recruits the help that she needs to get back home. Rowdy young girl crashes high society when wealthy older man falls for her. Presenting the stories of the past, contemporary and traditions, cultures, well-being as well as ancient skits Blended with the funny story of Srithanachai, a well-known and familiar folk tale character. The story of Srithananchai's life that is both innocence, fun and witty, second to none. Intelligent solution A fun, intense intelligence battle showdown, but when faced with a rival that may cause Srithayachai to face defeat, hilarious!  When El Mono dies, his three longtime friends try to recover from the loss and want to secure his little girl's future. But for Fernando, Mauricio and El Ruso this will not be easy. They decide to recover a big investment El Mono had made when he had bought a soccer player who was supposed to become a star. She's Dating the Gangster tells the heart-wrenching tale of 17-year-old Athena Dizon and campus bad boy Kenji de los Reyes, two teenagers who begin a pretend relationship that ultimately transforms into something deeper. Robert d'Eglantine invites five of his friends to spend a week-end in his castle, lost in the woods. He explains to them that he studied secret documents on nazi scientific research during World War II. These researches were on time travelling and he's now able to take his guests into an amazing trip seventy years back in time, in 1944, during the Occupation and only a few weeks before the landing in Normandy. The demonstration seems to be a big joke but once in the past our characters will be facing troubling events. Real time travel or devilish game meticulously crafted? The story of the five-day interview between Rolling Stone reporter David Lipsky and acclaimed novelist David Foster Wallace, which took place right after the 1996 publication of Wallace's groundbreaking epic novel, 'Infinite Jest.' Rick and Reni came to California in search of a new lease on life. Unfortunately, all they found was each other... In a last ditch effort to save their struggling relationship, the duo twist their couples' counseling therapy into a plot that would see them turning back into their Texas low-life roots as petty criminals. As has been the case throughout the history of Rick and Reni's calamity plagued relationship, their haphazard scheme to hold up a dive bar goes horribly wrong. When a diverse cast of bar patrons gets caught up in their failed plot, Rick and Reni begin to not only wonder if they'll survive the day, but if they can survive one another. This is a romantic comedy where Zeke finds out that Sex Ain't Love by going through a roller coaster ride of emotions with his old friend Regina. Zeke learns more about his heart than sex can ever teach him. A bunch of stock dialogue from notorious suicide cult-leader Jim Jones with some very grainy film stock thrown in. (IMDb) This short film can be found on TOPY's First Transmission tape (1982). When new kid in town Ed Wallis is given an assignment to interview an older person, he turns to his mysterious neighbor, Ashby Holt for help.  That new connection leads to unexpected journeys for both of them, as Ashby - who turns out to be a retired CIA assassin - deals with a terminal prognosis, and Ed deals with adjusting to life with his newly single mom and developing relationship with a brainy classmate, Eloise. The world has been reshaped by the invasion of ghosts via the wireless internet. Cities are deserted, technology has been destroyed and the few remaining human beings eschew anything electrical in order to avoid a confrontation with the soulless ghosts that now wander the planet. Most of the ghosts are doomed to a repetitive loop of something they did while they were still despairing humans (a man repeatedly hangs himself, for example), but there are some ghosts so locked in denial, they do not know they are dead. They continue to haunt their homes, wrapped in fear that their souls will soon be torn from them. 7 brothes who has transformed into swans A recently dumped divorcee in his late-twenties sets out to plan a wedding-sized divorced party in an attempt to get his life back on track. A young woman commits a hit-and-run, then finds her fate tied to her victim. Two African men become American citizens and join the Los Angeles Police Department. They are sent out onto the streets and Instead of enforcing the rules and regulations of the LAPD, they decide to impose the African cultural values onto the members of the public. Sheryl Swoopes famously has been labeled as the female Michael Jordan, but that's only part of the story.  On the court, she was nearly as dominant as Jordan, winning a national championship with Texas Tech, three Olympic gold medals, three MVP awards and four consecutive championships with the Houston Comets of the WNBA, the league she helped start. She even had a Nike shoe named after her, the Air Swoopes. Off the court, she has had a life full of transitions. She gave birth to her son, Jordan, during the inaugural season of the WNBA. Later, she divorced her high school sweetheart and became the highest-profile athlete in her sport to acknowledge she was gay.  She has struggled with love, money and personal identity, but has never lost her spirit. In this portrait, you will meet someone who is not your everyday superstar, but a woman who has defied a multitude of labels. Dating Daisy is a romantic comedy about the honest and crazy truth of dating in your twenties!  The story follows Michael and Daisy, two exes who decide to road trip home together for the holidays and get caught up in their crazy past. Three old friends from college move back in together in an apartment in Munich for financial reasons Bear with Us is a crazy romp about a guy who attempts to propose to his girlfriend in the most romantic way possible, but his plan starts to fall apart when a Ravenous bear stumbles on their charming cabin in the woods.  Think "Jaws" but much funnier and with a bear instead of a shark. It's a total comedy of errors that takes a comical look at just how far we'll go to preserve our relationships. A man recently released from a mental institute inherits a mansion after his parents die. After a series of disturbing events, he comes to believe it is haunted.  Krystal Parker's life fell apart when she discovered she couldn't have children. Everything she knew was gone, - but Letting Go Is Just The Beginning. A couple decide to open a home for refuges in the remote cold mountains of Norway. Shigeo is released from prison and immediately beaten up by some old associates, which results in him losing his memory. Kasumi, who just by chance happens to be the manager of a band, takes him in and discovers his talent for singing. Young monster kids try to make peace between the world of humans and the world of the monsters. First Down. Second Chance. Skylar is a star quarterback of his football team. He's got the skills, the looks, and the girls. His next-door neighbor, Walter (Liotta) is a loving husband, good father and all-round decent family man. When their worlds start to crumble they find themselves in jail together and suddenly these former enemies must rely on each other to rebuild their lives... finding wha Kota and Yoko have known each other for 17 years. They finally get married and Yoko becomes pregnant. During her pregnancy, Yoko feels ill and gets a checkup. She learns that she has terminal cancer. Yoko is able to give birth and they try to smile everyday until her very last day. Best friends Lucy, Eva, Ashley, Beth and Margot throw a slumber party.....BUT MURDER NEVER SLUMBERS!!!!! It's a timeless tale of friendship, betrayal, madness, and the search for some decent dick. A renowned circus dog is the only one left behind after her traveling show leaves town. In a stroke of luck, she is found by Billy, a kid from the city who has just moved to town, and he takes her to live at a farm among a quirky cast of farm animals. A rushing river caresses the life of a small town in southern Argentina: Choele Choel. Coco is an eleven-year-old kid who intensely wishes to be a grown-up, to be a man. A walk along the river with Johana -his new Venezuelan neighbor- initiates Coco in the adult world. But his father and life itself slow him down and make him feel small and insignificant; just a child. When life gets complicated it is probably best to let oneself go with the flow and float down the river like a drifting log. Three sisters struggle to find happiness through the holiday season as the youngest sister and bride to be is traumatized when she discovers that her first love has been hired as her wedding photographer. Mia, an aspiring actress, serves lattes to movie stars in between auditions and Sebastian, a jazz musician, scrapes by playing cocktail party gigs in dingy bars, but as success mounts they are faced with decisions that begin to fray the fragile fabric of their love affair, and the dreams they worked so hard to maintain in each other threaten to rip them apart. The story of an emotionally detached backup dancer named Athena, who must return home to Florida to help care for her estranged father, Jack, after he gets diagnosed with cancer. There she must contend with Jack's irresponsible lifestyle while looking after six year old Honey Bunny who is only beginning to grasp the err in Jack's ways. Jacques Arnault, head of Sud Secours NGO, is planning a high impact operation: he and his team are going to exfiltrate 300 orphan victims of the Chadian civil war and bring them to French adoption applicants. Francoise Dubois, a journalist, is invited to come along with them and handle the media coverage for this operation. Completely immersed in the brutal reality of a country at war, the NGO members start losing their convictions and are faced with the limits of humanitarian intervention. Travel plans for three men in ill-fitting wedding tuxedos goes horribly wrong. Two people who have had disastrous love affairs meet on a tropical island resort. A man in his forties faces the realization that he cannot write in Bengali any more. In an attempt to regain his abilities to write in Bengali, he visits a psychiatrist. So to find out the ... President Lincoln's mother is killed by a supernatural creature, which fuels his passion to crush vampires and their slave-owning helpers. It's been a few years, and there's still not a lot going on 40 kilometers from nowhere. But that's all about to change as the fine folks of Dog River, Saskatchewan face their biggest crisis ever. Brent and the gang discover that the town's been badly mismanaged, leaving residents with little choice but to pack up and leave. As residents make one last rally to save Dog River as they know it, they discover a devious plan by a corporate chain that would change life for Dog Riverites forever.  Novak cannot sleep. Not to disturb his girlfriend, he spends his nights in the streets of Budapest and gets into weirder and weirder, more and more impossible and dangerous situations and liaisons. Unless he dies, he may regain his dreams by them. Perla is obsessed with having a beauty queen in the family and she is willing to do whatever it takes to make her dream come true.  Cass, a high-powered attorney and single mother of two, is on the hunt for a new nanny after her precocious kids ran off the last one. Deli owner Salam Kahil is an art collector, a former male escort, an amateur musician, and a sandwich maker to the homeless in Vancouver's poorest neighbourhood but his true passion is talking about blowjobs. This is a 2015 feature film documentary, not to be mixed up with the 2012 documentary short with the same name. Terrified after having witnessed the cold-blooded murder of her boss and her cousin by vicious gangsters, an exotic dancer from Russia flees to England and assumes the identity of her dead relative only to discover that no matter how far you run, you can never escape your past. Arriving in England, the frightened dancer takes the name Natasha and enters into a passionate relationship with local vicar's daughter Christine. Later, after a stealthy photographer posts snaps some steamy shots of Natasha and Christine making love and posts them on the internet, the vengeful gangsters stumble across the website and dispatch some ruthless hired guns to rub the Russian dancer out. Now Natasha's time is quickly running out, and the only person willing to help her fight back against the ruthless Russian mob is a fierce-but-sexy Russian policewoman who isn't afraid to fight back against one of the most dangerous criminal organizations on the planet. Twenty-five years after Roseanne Barr's groundbreaking number-one sitcom, Roseanne for President tells the tale of her 2012 grassroots campaign for President of the United States. While Roseanne may have revolutionized the way Americans talked about family, class, race, gender, and gay rights, this campaign trail adventure is a personal account of Roseanne's thoughts on these subjects--and others, as we have never heard them before. What seems at first like a political profile quickly becomes a humorous and sentimental picture of an icon. This surprising journey uncovers raw and revealing moments from Roseanne's private world, while juxtaposing her current influence as a politician with her role as a comedy leader in the '90s. God lives in Brussels. On earth though, God is a coward, with pathetical morals and being odious with his family. His daughter, Ea, is bored at home and can't stand being locked up in a small apartment in ordinary Brussels, until the day she decides to revolt against her dad...  After losing his father, a teenage boy decides to continue the family business and deliver pizza by bicycle during the zombie apocalypse. Desperate for a good story, a sex-addicted journalist throws himself into the world of high-class escorts when he starts following a Stanford-educated prostitute. Working in Dr. Cranley's laboratory, scientist Jack Griffin was always given the latitude to conduct some of his own experiments. His sudden departure, however, has Cranley's daughter Flora worried about him. Griffin has taken a room at the nearby Lion's Head Inn, hoping to reverse an experiment he conducted on himself that made him invisible. But the experimental drug has also warped his mind, making him aggressive and dangerous. He's prepared to do whatever it takes to restore his appearance. Timid milkman, Burleigh Sullivan (Lloyd), somehow knocks out a boxing champ in a brawl. The fighter's manager decides to build up the milkman's reputation in a series of fixed fights and then have the champ beat him to regain his title. The making of Mike Fallek's student stop motion film Whistle. The film captures the progression of an artist through art school and realization of a new age martial artist. When a bachelor party and a bachelorette party cross paths in Vegas, only the best man and maid of honor can save their friends from a night of epic "mistakes." Listless millennials muse over unrequited love on their way to self discovery in this character driven suburban neorealist story.  The shadow of an African immigrant in an abandoned house was mistaken for a ghost and the hilarious situations that ensued, creating havoc in a quaint Malay village. A police task force traps an online predator, only to discover that the depth of his crimes goes far beyond anything they had anticipated. Jump Jilani is a South Indian Tollywood Telugu romance comedy film. Jump Jilani is about a family vilas which has been passed down the generations and is now on its uppers. In parallel to the tale about its renaissance are love stories involving its two owners, Satti (Allari Naresh) falls for Madhavi (Isha Chawla) not having a clue that she is the sanitary inspector who serves notice to Satyanarayana Vilas, but wins her heart. Meanwhile, Ram Babu (Allari Naresh) the robber and convict brother enters the scene to change the course of Vilas, which is giving up to the modern restaurants. Japanese writer Kyoko Murakai comes to in Paris with the purpose of meeting "mythic Parisian women" and uncover the secret of their fulfilling lifestyles, which, she hopes, will serve as an inspiration for the main character of her next novel. This literary and sentimental saga, is also for Kyoko an attempt to emancipate herself from a still misogynistic Japanese society. A convict, wrongfully accused and sent a harsh prison colony, attempts to escape. When teenager Elle's first kiss leads to a forbidden romance with the hottest boy in high school, she risks her relationship with her best friend. A private eye investigates the apparent suicide of a fading porn star in 1970s Los Angeles and uncovers a conspiracy. After fifteen years, pizza chef Bobo is released from prison. Rent has gone up so the only shop Bobo can afford is in the infamous housing commission suburb of Sunnyvale.  El Cholo, a Peruvian taxi driver, flees from justice in his country and comes to Venezuela in search for a better future. After running into a gang of con-men who leave him penniless, he meets a peculiar group of Latin Americans who work for a gangster known as The Russian as hitmen. El Cholo is quickly trapped in a world of blood and ambition that makes him realize the true cost of life and death. Four kids on their annual summer camp holiday suspect the park's mascot has been murdered so they set out to investigate who killed Nelson Nutmeg? Four woman, each with their own theory about love. Iga is married and lives in a happy relationship but deeply fantasies about extreme experiences. In her search she uncovers various shades of loves, like the modern femme fatale (Joanna) and a woman  (Agata) who is being cheated on. An attractive 30 year old (Roma) is searching for a man who will turn her life upside and desperate for this life changing moment. Set in modern Warsaw, where one night can change anybodies life. An incident brings together three reckless and struggling souls who are chasing their ambitions and desires. A young couple's plan to escape their small hometown is stalled when a lost condom forces them to reexamine their relationship. Siblings gather to meet their father's new wife and kids. Comedy about a shithead who tries to sell his baby for drugs. A massive amount of archival footage, memorabilia, and audio recordings chronicle the three-decade history of Girl Trouble, the legendary Tacoma-based garage rock band defined by their uncompromising DIY aesthetic. A non-typical story about immigration--a Taiwanese student in Brussels investigates his identity crisis through a personal documentary essay. A man attempts to exit an underground car park. Something doesn't want him to. Jenna is getting married, her mother is delighted until Jenna announces she wants to find her birth mother. Jeevan (Anoop Menon) is a still photographer by profession, who runs his studio in a village near to Idduki. One day, he accidentally meets a girl, Sarah (Bhavana), who is from a well respected family, and they fall in love. Sarah's Family oppose her relationship with Jeevan, and finally they decide to elope and go live in Mumbai. Things started to become worse when they start their new life in Mumbai; the clash of their egos is the main focus of the movie. Belgian Disaster. A young up and coming artist in New York city has his life and dreams forever altered when the tragic events of 9/11 take the lives of his two best friends and he accepts guardianship of the couple's two young daughters. Now eleven years later, and teaching art at an elementary school, he raises the girls as if they were his own, but the financial grind to live in NYC is too much, so he decides to take the girls away from the only place they've ever called home and move back to Buffalo where he grew up. This "non-traditional" family now faced with change, new surroundings, and a new journey, must learn how to adjust to this new life, while trying to find themselves along the way. Eddy and Stuart share two-thirds of a dormitory suite. Due to bureaucratic error, a woman named Alex is added to their room. At first, relations among the three are tense. Soon, however, Alex falls for Eddy, and Stuart lusts after Alex.  The life story of the famous pianist and band-leader of the 1930s and 1940s. A nervous, twelve-year-old Clint is having trouble enjoying his first date with Sally. For weeks, he has been practicing for his first kiss and now, the moment is almost upon him. He must make the right move or live a life of regrets and a missed opportunity. A mother and wife stricken with memory loss allows a dysfunctional family a second chance at harmony and happiness. In this funny and erotic mockumentary, director Toby Ross takes an out of the box look at homosexuals - dividing them into two major groups: those who are into it for the sex and those who are looking for relationships. The live reenactments are an eyeful and it goes through all the levels and strands of gay guys. Out and proud, fringe homos, closet cases by design, country fags, and more. Four losers join forces to refurbish an abandoned farm and turn it into a B&B in a mafia-ridden area. Live registration of the concert of Kyteman in the Oosterport, Groningen, the Netherlands. This concert was took place as part of a tour after the release of his debut album "The Hermit Sessions" Three best friends endure heartbreak, humiliation & hangovers to find a date to the wedding of a lifetime. Indian guy Sajan goes to an isolated island in Japan to find the very rare legendary spice which is believed to grow human hair. However, he finds out that the island is cursed by dead samurais... Forty-year-old Paul-Andre is a timid, rather introverted man. Rich but alone, he is deeply bored and ends up concluding that what he needs is a family. Violette, a forty-year-old full of energy, is threatened with eviction and is afraid she'll lose custody of her two children. Paul-Andre then proposes a totally above the board contract to rent the family in exchange for him paying off Violette's debts. For better and for worse.. Abbas Ali (Abhishek Bachchan) lives in Chandni Chowk, New Delhi with his sister Sania (Asin Thottumkal). They are legally fighting for an ancestral property-- land case. But the odds turn against them and they lose. Their well wisher, Shastri Chacha, advises and convinces them to migrate to his village Ranakpur where he assures Abbas that he will get him a job at his owner's place. The owner being none other than the powerful Prithviraj Raghuvanshi (Ajay Devgn). Abbas enters Ranakpur village and while saving a child trapped inside a temple, he breaks open the lock of an ancestral temple but fate plays an important twist in Abbas' life as the whole village including Prithviraj's step-brother Vikrant opposes Abbas' actions but Prithviraj arrives and handles the situation. With humor and wit, Crushed Lives - Sex or Kids? takes on the probing but taboo question: what happens to our sex lives after children? New father Saverio films a documentary to get to the bottom of this matter after an uninspired sex session with his wife. Interviewing couples at various stages of parenthood, Saverio unearths the fear and anxieties that seem to universally plague his peers as they collectively experience the quiet devastation of a dying bedroom. Honing in on this seldom fully explored theme of adulthood, director Alessandro Colizzi brings us on a sincere and funny journey into life encumbered by children and the fainting sexual imagination that seems to go with it. - Vivian Yuen A girl falls for the "perfect" guy, who happens to have a very fatal flaw: he's a hitman on the run from the crime cartels who employ him. Punjabi comedy film directed by Virender Singh and produced by Bharat Arora, Arvinder Singh, Gurprit Singh Gujral, Starring Gavie Chahal, Mukul Dev, Khushboo Grewal,Flora Saini, Karan Sekhon (Debut), Veer Vashisht. Movie is produced under banner Blockbuster Motion Pictures. The film revolving around 3 best buddies, but the thriller comes when Mukul Dev enters in their lives. Centrist revelations abound among repetitions & revisitings. Shakespeare's comedy about two couples in love with the wrong partners, and how they are finally brought together rightly, thanks in part to the bungling work of Puck. It is completely in the language of the Bard, with Pfeiffer as the Fairy Queen and Kline as the one turned into her evening's lover with donkey ears. U.S. Marine Sergeant Logan Thibault returns from his third tour of duty in Iraq, with the one thing he credits with keeping him alive-a photograph he found of a woman he doesn't even know. Learning her name is Beth and where she lives, he shows up at her door, and ends up taking a job at her family-run local kennel. Despite her initial mistrust and the complications in her life, a romance develops between them, giving Logan hope that Beth could be much more than his good luck charm. A young woman hired to cater the post-funeral gathering for accused killer Hank Boyd discovers his crimes and death may not be what they seem. Lewis and his nerdy friends attend Booger's wedding to the daughter of a rich politician, but nerd-haters in the family do everything possible to prevent the wedding going ahead. Meanwhile, Lewis awaits with eagerness the birth of his unborn foetal child... In a California memorabilia shop in 2010, collector Randy Guijarro bought a tintype that looked to be a familiar figure, Billy the Kid - playing croquet with his gang known as The Regulators. As the gravity of the discovery began to set in, Guijarro initiated a chain of events that would lead him on a painstaking journey to verify the photograph's authenticity. A young boy can transfer his body energy into ESP and heal sick people. While the subject of scientists' studies, he runs away to try to find out about his past and why he is the way he is. A woman who has a funny bone for a backbone, Funny Cow charts the rise of a female stand-up comic who delivers tragedy and comedy in equal measure in the sometimes violent and always macho clubs of Northern England in the '70s. Internet cafes and slackers, not-so-innocent schoolgirls and amateur porn using Google Glass: things in Lima, the Peruvian capital, are pretty similar to contemporary reality, virtual or otherwise, in the rest of the world. Cinema meets digital psychedelia. Based on a true story set in 1948, customs officer Mehti is faced with the duty of formally setting up the border between Turkey and Syria, dividing his hometown. He is unaware of the pain that will eminently unfold, as families, languages, cultures and lovers are both ripped apart and clash head on in a village once united. Disillusioned dentist Ali Nawaab hopes to become a stand-up comedian but his attempts to find a voice on stage are hampered by memories of his blonde American muse, Ellie Goldsmith. Driven mad to the point of distraction by love, Ali must confront and exorcise the ghosts of his past in order to make his mark. Hiro, an unpopular comedian, lives with his girlfriend Kano, an editor. Hiro starts to distance himself from Kano with fewer live appearances and Satoyama, a seasoned comedian, drags him around. Kano is given a picture book during an interview with an author, Kaminuma. The tragedy of a princess' death in the book illustrate the troubled marriage between Kaminuma and his wife, Mizu. After reading the book, Kano imagines a happy ending by pretending Hiro as the King and herself as the princess. Fate changes when the picture book and reality collide... A love story for the new century. This was a sponsored documentary film by director Kazuo Kuroki of Japan. This highly artistic film focused entirely on Japanese marathon runner Kenji Kimihara. Kimihara finished eighth in the 1964 Olympic marathon with a time of 2:19:49. He had previously won the Japanese trials in 2:17:11 on April 12th of that year. He competed in a total of three Olympic marathons in all (finishing 2nd in 1968, and 5th in 1972) and he won 9 of 18 marathons prior to the Mexico City Games, including the Boston Marathon in 1966. Kimihara's personal best was 2:13:25. Charlotte is cheating on Micha with Melodie. Not suspecting a thing, yet feeling neglected, Micha in turn cheats on Charlotte.  But also with Melodie. For Melodie, things are topsy-turvy. She lies to both of them. She is privy to each of their lies. And is in love with both of them at the same time. A comedy about a matchmaker for people with hilarious dating problems. Alexander, the King of Macedonia, leads his legions against the giant Persian Empire. After defeating the Persians, he leads his army across the then known world, venturing farther than any westerner had ever gone, all the way to India. A teenage girl has two guardians, the angel Ava and the demon Mal who act as her conscience. While these two struggle to keep the stubborn punk girl that can't see them safe they are also figuring out their own differences and preconceptions about each other. Young Jason Stillwell (Kurt McKinney) moves with his parents to Seattle, where local bullies harass them without mercy. Jason's father Tom (Tim Baker) does not believe in violence, so the family takes it on the chin. One day Jason enrolls in a martial arts class and quietly rises in rank to be a major contender. His mettle is tested in an international match against Ivan, a Russian champion. Five monks live harmoniously in the monastery but suddenly their peace is disturbed by a gang of construction workers. The leader of the church sold the monastery to the town council, and now their beloved home is destined to become a spa! The monks' desperate attempts to stop this situation seem in vain, but then - a miracle! The monastery is saved. But that is just the start of their troubles... An enterprising college student agrees to run his professor's Las Vegas car wash to avoid flunking out of school. But it's Vegas gone wild when he decides to staff it with gorgeous bikini-clad girls. Successful lawyer Fran is shocked to discover her equally successful husband, Phillip, has chosen to answer the call and become a minister. Christine is busily planning her wedding to the man of her dreams, but a stunning infidelity threatens her happiness. And half-sister Tonia struggles with her own shameful secret. Threatened by betrayal, illness and bitter memories of the past, these sisters must take a hard look at each other and themselves to decide if this family has a hope for survival. Jack Jackson has a good life. Lovely wife, nice house, good job, great mates. All he wants on top of that is to be a Dad. But Life has a surprise for him. When a corporate mining giant moves into a small coastal town looking for gold and talking about trickle down wealth - some folk just aren't convinced. Amit Sahni (played by Vir Das) is a young and quirky investment banker, who is searching for the woman of his dreams, correction- the woman of his LIST. After a painful break-up during his teenage days, Amit has noted down all the traits that he is looking for in the perfect woman or Miss Right and every time he goes out on a date, he secretly checks to see if his date matches to the list. The interesting twists and turns that take place on account of the list and his quest for Miss Right make for an interesting comedy. Orphaned at birth and raised by storks, the teenage sparrow Richard believes he is one of them. But when the time comes to migrate to Africa, his stork family is forced to reveal his true identity and leave him behind in the forest, since he is not a migratory bird and would not survive the journey. Determined to prove he is a stork after all, Richard ventures south on his own. But only with the help of Olga, an eccentric owl with an imaginary friend and Kiki, a narcissistic, disco-singing parakeet, does he stand a chance to reach his goal and learn to accept who he really is. The Tree Inside is film about woman must find a way to overcome her seasonal impulse to change when she meets the man of her dreams. Two mismatched personal trainers' lives are upended by the actions of a new, wealthy client. It's Christmas Eve in Tinseltown and Sin-Dee is back on the block. Upon hearing that her pimp boyfriend hasn't been faithful during the 28 days she was locked up, the working girl and her best friend, Alexandra, embark on a mission to get to the bottom of the scandalous rumor. Their rip-roaring odyssey leads them through various subcultures of Los Angeles, including an Armenian family dealing with their own repercussions of infidelity. A cliff overhanging the sea. A teenager's silouhette between the rocks. He is watchng the entrance of a luxurious yatch in the bay. On board is a couple, they seem happy. They are dropping the anchor in the cove. The young woman is very beautiful. The teenager is spying on her as night is falling. An obvious emotion has grown in him. What will he do at night? He looks so powerless and envious. Sharon is a fast-rising PR executive from Singapore, searching for love in Hong Kong, who may have found her dream guy, but as she chases after him online and in person, Sharon quickly finds out the dangers of stalking a secret crush. The lives of three women change when a new beauty product arrives. Emily is being stalked by a rogue clown. He's everywhere...including her closet. A psychoanalyst learns to have an illness and as a consequence he decides to quit his job. All his patients get together to find a way to make him feel better.  Six men with mid-life anxiety set out for a weekend in the country in an attempt to reconnect with their masculinity. What they find is a catastrophe so horrible and bizarre that a mid-life crisis turns out to be exactly what they need to survive it... An epic and often hilarious documentary about one man's dream to walk across America. the film will follow Mark Phillips, a self-proclaimed couch potato, as he attempts (multiple times) to walk over 4,000 miles from New York to California. A group of misfits from a carpet shop have a chance to change their lives with the help of two marketing experts - an ex-kebab shop worker and an ex-fortune teller from a wildlife magazine. A soldier who once saved the entire country is assigned to guard a genius child whose intellect is needed to foil the plans of an evil villain. A friendly tennis match between Alice and Andy takes an abrupt turn when Alice goes to retrieve a stray tennis ball and is bitten by a rattlesnake. HARRISON is an optimist with a history of schizophrenia and a limited social circle who battles the diverse and unpredictable voices he hears, a judgemental society and the hazards of social media as he attempts to make a new friend. To manage the voices, he projects them into his childhood toys: SMILING HERBERT contains the voice of rage, MOLLY is the voice of paranoia, BEAN represents irrepressible sexual thoughts, CONRAD speaks the bare facts, MARROW provides an indecipherable mumble and MOUSEY is the sound of panic. When Harrison happens upon the philanthropic online posts of the beautiful social media addict, AMBER, and she blindly accepts his "chum request", Harrison sees this as the beginning of a beautiful friendship, but is it...? A typical next door mexican girl -away from the beauty standards-, will try to conquer her old boss, a very handsome and charismatic socialite, who is now broken and alone. A divorced cop investigating the sadistic murders of high-class prostitutes discovers that the prime suspect is his ex-wife's new boyfriend... The relationship between two mismatched people who try to move past their baggage to make their love work. Two girls from nuclear towns in Israel and Iran spill their countries most valuable secrets on Facebook while trying to prevent a nuclear crisis. Lung (Nick Cheung), a hardworking property agent, is facing a serious situation in life. His girlfriend won`t marry him unless he can buy her a 1000-sq ft. apartment in one year's time; whilst Charlotte (Sammi Cheng) desperately needs a place to stay after her divorce. Along with Lung's intern Very (Oho), a mainland richling, they become co-owners of the office girl Hak's (Angelababy) small flat that was left to Hak by her estranged mother. An 11-year-old girl watches her father come down with a crippling depression. Over one summer, she learns answers to several mysteries and comes to terms with love and loss. A fame obsessed average Joe escapes a mental institution with a band of misfits for one last desperate attempt to be famous. When a struggling writer meets a superstitious Portuguese beauty, he has no idea that his life and luck are both about to change. A romantic comedy about cross-cultural relationships. Two best friends become rivals when their respective weddings are accidentally booked for the same day.  A trio of opera singers are reunited by a wedding ten years after their stormy breakup. In 1987 a disillusioned door to door orange salesman horrifically murders his first victim. Move forward 27 years and a land developer is buying an orange grove. He and his 3 friends plan a fishing trip to get his head around the pending transaction, unbeknownst to them, his estranged wife and her new boyfriend have also chosen the very same location for a break. The usual strange noises and unnerving situations ensue when they congregate at a secluded cabin, as The Orange Man eliminates them 1 by 1 with the aid of his prosthetic hook and a bag of oranges! Hamo, an old farmer lives with his wife in a remote village in the mountains of Armenia. The money their son send them from Russia just allows them to survive. But Hamo nourishes a dream of acquiring a Moskvitch, the most beautiful car in the world, the one that had promised the Soviet power and that he never had. Harry Musk is one in a million. That means that he's the one out of a million children who is perfectly proportioned but will never grow larger than a typical six-year-old. Adult, pint-sized Harry longs to be part of the big world. Oohalu Gusagusalade (English: Dreams Whispered) is a 2014 Telugu Romantic comedy written and directed by Telugu actor Srinivas Avasarala marking his debut as a director. The film, produced by Sai Korrapati and Rajani Korrapati on Vaaraahi Chalana Chitram banner, featured Naga Shourya, Rashi Khanna and Srinivas Avasarala himself playing the lead roles. The film was an adaptation of a 19th century French play named Cyrano de Bergerac and revolves around a young and selfish girl Prabhavati and two men Venky and Uday who love her. An inside look at a West Hollywood cult formed by a charismatic teacher in the 1980s that eventually imploded. Four swimmers - water polo players find themselves at the bottom of their existence after losing a match. So desperate that they even find themselves living at the bottom of their emptied pool. To save their "dignity" they start a questionable business "Husband to rent" fixing home items for local housewives. But as time will show the household items are not the only things they end up repairing. When an unscrupulous scientist drags his stepchildren out into the forest to use them as bait in the hopes of luring out a big foot, not even the team of hillbillies he hired can contain the horror they find: the horror of Mutantis! Only the adventurer Dr. William Fury may be able to stop the beast, but hope dwindles fast once Dr. Fury realizes that the monster is not only intent on murder but procreation as well. Could this be the end of the world as we know it? For the answer watch, Mutantis! Counter Clockwise is a sci-fi thriller/dark comedy about a scientist who accidentally invents time travel and is zapped six months into the future. He finds himself in a sinister upside down world where his wife and sister are murdered and he's the main suspect. He's forced to go back in time to uncover the mystery surrounding their deaths. An elderly man whose wife is terminally ill embarks on an emotional road trip with his grandson to the hometown that he was forbidden to return to, to search for a missing piece of his soul. Starring Joke Silva, Jude Chukwuka, Rotimi Salami, Ijeoma Grace Agu, Toyin Oshinaike, Daniel Alabi and Rita Edward. When Ripley's lifepod is found by a salvage crew over 50 years later, she finds that terra-formers are on the very planet they found the alien species. When the company sends a family of colonists out to investigate her story--all contact is lost with the planet and colonists. They enlist Ripley and the colonial marines to return and search for answers. A woman's future self is nothing like she expected herself to be. Ji-wook is a cold-blooded detective who would brutally assault and stop at nothing to catch criminals. However, despite her perfectly masculine appearance, Ji-wook struggles with a secret desire to be a woman. At last, Ji-wook decides to transition. However, a gang Ji-wook brutally arrested by force plots revenge against him. While Ji-wook resigns and secretly dreams of transitioning into a woman, people close to her get caught up in a conspiracy and killed. When the one person he must protect, Jang-mi, also falls in danger, Ji-wook faces a crossroads in making his choice. The graduation of the third-year members means the end of m's. However, the school director has received a letter regarding m's, and the curtain of a new story for m's has been raised. Zagreb Cappuccino is the story of two best friends, Petra and Kika. Both women are in their early forties. Petra, in Zagreb, is getting divorced, and Kika arrives from Cologne to console her. Kika, a cosmopolitan party girl, teaches Petra how to carry on with her life without a husband and a family. Over several cups of coffee and nights out we get to know their fears and problems, their solitude, insecurities and inner strength. Max Flatow is a precocious, social miscreant who has a way with home-made explosives. When he tires of these, he runs away from home only to emerge seven years later as Max Frost, the world's most popular entertainer. When Congressman John Fergus uses Frost as a political ploy to gain the youth vote in his run for the Senate, Frost wills himself into the system, gaining new rights for the young. Eventually, Frost runs for the presidency. A testament to NASA's Apollo program of the 1960s and '70s. Composed of actual NASA footage of the missions and astronaut interviews, the documentary offers the viewpoint of the individuals who braved the remarkable journey to the moon and back. Two teenage yoga enthusiasts team up with a legendary man-hunter to battle with an ancient evil presence that is threatening their major party plans. This movie tells five stories set in a single day at the famed Chelsea Hotel in New York City, involving an ensemble cast of some 30-35 characters. Just as her life is coming together, a young woman experiences a terrible tragedy when her boyfriend is murdered by an intruder from whom the woman herself barely escapes. The police capture a man they believe to be the killer, but the young woman, still unsettled, has her doubts. Things take a frightening turn when she meets her friend's new boyfriend and suspects him to be the killer. Broke Hallucinations is about Chad Raymond, a homeless man who goes on adventures with his bottle of malt liquor. Chad struggles to get his life together while dealing with a mysterious being that watches him. An adaptation of the play by William Shakespeare. Prospera (a female version of Shakespeare's Prospero) is the usurped ruler of Milan who has been banished to a mysterious island with her daughter. Using her magical powers, she draws her enemies to the island to exact her revenge. A group of men parachute into Japanese-occupied Burma with a dangerous and important mission: to locate and blow up a radar station. They accomplish this well enough, but when they try to rendezvous at an old air-strip to be taken back to their base, they find Japanese waiting for them, and they must make a long, difficult walk back through enemy-occupied jungle.    Comedian Kevin Hart performs in front of a crowd of 50,000 people at Philadelphia's outdoor venue, Lincoln Financial Field. Renowned Canadian actor John Dunsworth is tackling one of the most challenging acting roles of his illustrious career - becoming Santa Claus. Santa Quest is a feature documentary that follows John's journey to bring home the gold for Canada at the Santa Winter Games in Sweden. Armed with a diary cam and a film crew, John's trek takes him from training at the Calgary Santa School, to the basilica of St. Nicolas in Italy, to the Santa Village in Finland, to backstage with the Trailer Park Boys on tour. Along the way, he discovers that Santa and Christmas are really about time and family. For John, this journey is a springboard to explore broader concepts of religion, belief systems, existentialism, and his own achievements and failures. Zombie Isle In the late 70's, a group of college students and their professor ventured onto an uninhabited island for a day of exploring flora, fauna and co-ed fun. The class field trip quickly becomes a grisly nightmare as the students and faculty soon discover they are stranded and the island is crawling with ravenous, flesh-eating ghouls, reanimated as Zombies by an insane Nazi scientist who can resurrect and control the dead. Just when the slaughter levels out, a three-headed abomination comes out of hiding that even its creator can't control. A head smashing, blood splattering, intestine eating throwback to the zombie films of the 70's and 80's. Welcome to ZOMBIE ISLE... A fieldtrip straight to Hell. The film studio "Albatros" was founded in 1920 by Russian emigre filmmakers who had left Russia after the 1917 revolution. From 1920 to 1929 the studio "Albatros" and Russian filmmakers will literally upset the French cinema by bringing a specificity of their own. The phenomenal success of the films of the studio "Albatros" will give a second life to the French cinema then in crisis by propelling it to the first world ranking in competition with Hollywood. At the head of this small studio born one evening in February 1920 in Montreuil were two Russian producers: Joseph Ermolaev and Alexandr Kamenka. Alex, Emily, and their son, RJ, are new to Los Angeles. A chance meeting at the park introduces them to the mysterious Kurt, Charlotte, and Max. A family "playdate" becomes increasingly interesting as the night goes on. Giorgio urgently needs to find a job but his only chance is in a Fashion House in Rome so he to pretend being gay in order to succeed in the fashion industry. But suddenly after meeting a Russian girl and falling in love all his fake universe collapses. Rik Boskamp is tired of being bullied all the time. After he sees a maffia movie, he decides to pretend that his dad is an important - and dangerous! - mob boss. Jack have not seen his son for 18 years. Unexpectedly son is coming to the village. Film tells the story about two man, which are too stubborn to tell themselves what they really fell Two best friends, Merv Doody (James Heathcote) and Onkey (Dan Palmer), take a hapless escaped mental patient under their wing and attempt to teach him how to become a real serial killer. Two sons set out to get their father what he dreamt of all through his life the ultimate sign of respect. Life Is is a documentary about Todd Shaw, a rapper better known as Too $hort.  Autumn, somewhere in Copenhagen: a pair of students, Emil and Victoria, can't make their relationship work but can't quite break up either. Philippe, who has just lost his job as a professor in a film school, followed by his apartment, can't cope with the way his affair with a young literature student ended and now he's crashing with some of his old students, including Emil. Naturally, he soon meets Victoria. Ruby wants to win a race in the East Bunny Hop Fair, but each time she tries to compete, she gets distracted by Max who wants a Candy Apple. When she ties their legs together for the Three-legged Race she's sure he won't be able to get away this time. The true story of technical troubles that scuttle the Apollo 13 lunar mission in 1971, risking the lives of astronaut Jim Lovell and his crew, with the failed journey turning into a thrilling saga of heroism. Drifting more than 200,000 miles from Earth, the astronauts work furiously with the ground crew to avert tragedy. When Max, a down on his luck strip club owner, has his life and livelihood threatened by local gangsters, he turns to his wife's connections for help and hires a hitman to solve the problem once and for all. But before long, Max is blinded by his newfound power and his family finds him spinning off the rails as the body count piles up. Three friends in their 60s try to do everything that they couldn't do in their younger days - before death arrives. Here's the delightful tale of teamwork and adventure your whole family will love! Air Bud is the proud father of five adorable puppies - the hip-hopping B-Dawg, lovely Rosebud, mellow Buddha, dirt-loving Mudbud, and the big fella Budderball - with an unbelievable secret: They can talk! And the hilarious, hair-raising exploits of these barking, talking, ball-playing pups will have you cheering as they run off on a daring rescue mission to save their parents! Elvis plays Ross Carpenter, a fishing guide/sailor who loves his life out on the sea. When he finds out his boss is retiring to Arizona, he has to find a way to buy the Westwind, a boat that he and his father built. He is also caught between two women: insensitive club singer Robin and sweet Laurel. Malcolm is carefully surviving life in a tough neighborhood in Los Angeles while juggling college applications, academic interviews, and the SAT. A chance invitation to an underground party leads him into an adventure that could allow him to go from being a geek, to being dope, to ultimately being himself. In this quest for sanctuary, love, and identity, a man and his uncle arrive in Hyderabad, where they capitalize on the uncle's resemblance to a local don. A horror comedy based on the ancient legend about a pagan creature who punishes children on Christmas. Cash and Curry is a fast-paced, comedy-drama, set in multi-cultural London. Raj and his friends are tired of being "errand boys" at the bottom of the food chain. Ambition, leads Raj and his friends into the middle of a gang war between two of the biggest drug lords in London: Gabbar and Isaac. Realising the consequences of his actions, Raj seeks refuge in the countryside with an old friend, Tony. Based in an old abandoned farm, Tony runs the largest pirate DVD manufacturing operation in London. To elude capture, Raj and his friends are forced to submerge themselves in farm life. Meanwhile, Gabbar and Isaac are hunting down Raj and his friends - but who will find them first THE MISSING GIRL tells the story of Mort, the lonely and disillusioned owner of a comic book shop, and Ellen, the emotionally disruptive graphic novelist he's hired. The story involves the search for a girl who isn't missing and the discovery that it's never too late for late bloomers. Just when Timo is trying to win back his ex-girlfriend by convincing her with his new and improved life, he and his friends are caught up in a drugs conflict. To stay alive, four ordinary guys need to sell 22 kilos of drugs within a week.  The film follows the story of a famous fictional stand-up comedian Manny Lewis, who connects with millions of fans but finds it hard to connect to one person. Manny struggles to overcome his sense of alienation and shyness, and a difficult relationship with his father, in a romantic and feel-good quest for the love of the quirky Maria. Based on real events, Canada's most notorious serial killers, Paul Bernardo and wife Karla Homolka kidnap, sexually abuse, and murder three young girls. A dentist in mid-life-crisis who hates his job, finally decides to break away from his kiasu environment and pursue his long repressed childhood dream...Acting. Ranjana becomes fat and she thinks that her husband will not love her anymore. A mysterious creature destroys 70% of the moon. The creature then warns that if he is not destroyed by March of next year, Earth will be next. The creature also demands that he becomes the homeroom teacher for 3rd grade E class at Kunugigaoka Junior High School. The government is powerless to say no.  The creature then becomes the homeroom teacher of 3rd grade E class which consists of failed students including Nagisa Shiota (Ryosuke Yamada). The creature is called Teacher Koro.  Meanwhile, the government requests that the students try to kill Teacher Koro even though he possesses super powers. The government offers a 10 billion yen reward for whomever successfully kills him. The students are confused by the situation, but decide to kill Teacher Koro.  When their class begins with Teacher Koro, the students finds themselves having a good time with their new teacher. A young Indian man comes to 1970s America on a quest for success, only to end up concocting an elaborate farce with a group of misfit roommates in order to woo his childhood crush. Past conflicts and tensions arise when a group of late 20-something friends spend the weekend together to celebrate an upcoming wedding. Munna Mange Memsaab has been in the making for some time now. This film is directed by Shareeph Mansuri Saranawala while Ajay Gupta and Jayshree Bothra are the producers. The film will be distributed by Jai Viratra Entertainment Limited. UFC Fight Night: Rodriguez vs. Caceres (also known as UFC Fight Night 92) was a mixed martial arts event produced by the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) held on August 6, 2016 at Vivint Smart Home Arena in Salt Lake City, Utah  Alex Caceres vs. Yair Rodriguez, Dennis Bermudez vs. Rony Jason, Chris Camozzi vs. Thales Leites, Zak Cummings vs. Santiago Ponzinibbio, Joseph Gigliotti vs. Trevor Smith, Justine Kish vs. Maryna Moroz  This film is the chronicle of an imaginary, symbolic cruise to discover Europe, from the age of Greek mythology to the present day. Tracing the story from the enthusiasm of the founding fathers at the end of the Second World War to its present difficulties, the ship EUROPE battles hell and high water to affirm and fight for its existence. Yuri Kashiwaga was once known as a genius pianist. One day, she returns to her hometown in Goto Islands from Tokyo. There, she begins to work as a temporary teacher at a middle school and advisor for the school chorus. The chorus aims to take part at a competition. Yuri gives the members of the chorus members an assignment. She instructs them to write a letter with the title of "To myself 15 years later." The 15-year-old boys and girls write about their secrets and worries. When his dancer partner, Mia, lands in the hospital after an accident, Armando persuades her to train for an upcoming wheelchair ballroom dancing contest A horror/comedy about Al-Harrawy family's mysterious house, which is considered by locals to be haunted by peculiar creatures, ghosts and strange phenomena. Max (David Schwimmer), an alpha-male commitment-phobic sports broadcaster, and Jay (Jason Lee), a neurotic novelist, have been best friends since childhood. Jay sets Max up with his editor Samantha (Mili Avital). Although they share few interests, they are engaged within two weeks. Still, when Max is confronted with the fact that Sam will be the last woman he will sleep with, he proposes a test. Jay will hit on Sam. If she shows no interest, then Max will be confident enough in her loyalty to go ahead with the marriage. Though when Jay hits on Sam, they end up falling in love with each other. Five tales of dread interwoven when a sociology student gathers several of his friends on  Halloween night at the local library to help him create a new urban legend with deadly consequences; Lily  is in for a late night of researching and needs something to keep her going. It isn't until she's approached  by a mysterious stranger that her luck may change... for the worse; a typical night of work for a librarian  becomes a classic ghost story with a modern twist. Sometimes you can't keep a bad book down; Sidney  is allowed to stay after hours to study for a test. It's not until she suddenly awakens in the darkened library  that she realizes the horrifying truth of what lurks among the stacks of books after midnight. She better  pray she doesn't become the prey; Paige faces regrets that she'd do anything to take back. When an  ancient and arcane spell book literally falls into her lap, she decides to make a grave decision. Be careful  what you wish for, it might just kill you. When a faun named Mune becomes the Guardian of the Moon, little did he had unprepared experience with the Moon and an accident that could put both the Moon and the Sun in danger, including a corrupt titan named Necross who wants the Sun for himself and placing the balance of night and day in great peril. Now with the help of a wax-child named Glim and the warrior, Sohone who also became the Sun Guardian, they go out on an exciting journey to get the Sun back and restore the Moon to their rightful place in the sky. In this crime comedy, bizarre assassins must come together to unravel the puzzle of Stegman's blackmail secret, and why he's already dead on the set of his own porn film. Following two death-obsessed teenage girls who use their online show about real-life tragedies to send their small Midwestern town into a frenzy and cement their legacy as modern horror legends. In 2004, Hope Ann Greggory became an American hero after winning the bronze medal for the women's gymnastics team. Today, she's still living in her small hometown, washed-up and embittered. Stuck in the past, Hope must reassess her life when a promising young gymnast threatens her local celebrity status. Croydon, 1977. A trio of punk teenagers goes to a party to meet girls, but they find that girls there are very different from what they expected. Desire Will Set You Free is a feature film that explores life in contemporary Berlin with an often critical and sometimes humorous eye. Based on a true story, the plot follows the relationship of an American writer of Israeli/Palestinian descent and a Russian aspiring artist working as a hustler, offering access to the city's vibrant queer and underground scenes while examining the differences between expatriate and refugee life. Our characters travel through Berlin's layered history and unique subcultural landscape; on their adventures they discover influences and remnants of the Weimar Republic, WWII, the Bowie years, and punk. Kurt Vonnegut, Kilgore Trout and their very best friends. Powerful but ill-stricken business woman, Vilma Santos navigates her complicated relationship with her caregiver, Angel Locsin and her estranged son, Xian Lim in this story about acceptance, love and forgiveness. Massimo Marinelli Lops and Giulia Colardo meet by chance in Rome and fall in love. Giulia asks Massimo to spend Christmas Eve with her family. A failed filmmaker returns to Memphis with the hope of jump starting his career but is thwarted by the insanity of the film crew, the selfish conniving of his racist new boss, and the psychotic war between two gangs of historically inaccurate presidential impersonators while trying to maintain his commitment to his family. Featuring Eric Tate (Craig Brewer's The Poor and Hungry), Ron Gephart ( Ira Sachs' The Delta), and narrated by Michael Horse (Twin Peaks). Focuses on the love life of a Vancouver-based female DJ who is having a very hard time finding the right person to connect with. Tragicomic, the hero entangled in a strange, strange world. In addition, Armin Rohde rumbles in use for fun and hilarious commission through the scenery. Running gags make the film by Stephan Wagner to a as dense as it rapid foray into the night & the history of film. In May, 2005, The Dudes were hired to create a pilot for Fox. The film depicts the story of Mohan, who has just arrived from Banaras to Mumbai city. He is disturbed to see how people live in cramped houses in the city of Mumbai. His entire world tilts upside down when his wife leaves him for reasons which are untrue. His family too discards him and disrespects him. Dark comedy about a german probation officer and some of his clients... A young mute girl from Pakistan loses herself in India with no way to head back. A devoted man with a magnanimous spirit undertakes the task to get her back to her motherland and unite her with her family. A hapless brother and sister with a gift for pop-culture infused banter embark on an ill-conceived quest to get their own talk show, encountering romance and sabotage along the way. Based on the book "Ich bin dann mal weg" by Hape Kerkeling where the author describes his journey on the Way of St. James, a pilgrimage route, and the people he encounters there. In the late 1970's, the SETI project received a one time signal from outer space. It looked exactly as theorists thought a communication from an alien civilization would -- unfortunately it has never been decoded. Or so we were told. Unbeknownst to the general public the signal was translated and told us two things:  1) We are not alone.  2) The galaxy is a dangerous place. Four stories intersect in a zentai meeting hotel, the sexual discipline, and fetish whose practitioners wear lycra suits and rub each other. Mother and daughter recognize each other in a ritual, a man does not decide what to wear, a coach loses his authority and two lovers never see their faces. Set in the '90, Las Insoladas follows a group of girlfriends that gather almost every day to sunbathe in the terrace of a building, in an age where getting the perfect tan was everything. In a last ditch effort to save his marriage, Ernie Mills decides to test a love drug on two unsuspecting real estate agents before ultimately giving it to his unsuspecting wife. Madness, murder and hijinks ensue. ChickLit is a comedy drama about four guys trying to save their local pub from closing down. They group write a chick lit, or more specifically a 'mummy porn' novel in the style of 'Fifty Shades of Grey' and it gets snapped up. The only snag is that the publisher insists that the young woman 'author' does press and publicity. The guys have to keep their involvement a secret and so engage an out of work actress to 'role play' the part of the author. This leads to her becoming the star in the film of the book, the tables are turned on the guys and she is in control - leaving them with the awful prospect of having to secretly churn out sex novels for the foreseeable future. The life of a bank manager is turned upside down when a friend from his past manipulates him into faking his own death and taking off on an adventure. A deep, unfulfilled love within an erotic triangle.  A story of trust and betrayal.  A story of present-day Athens, of onlookers, of hesitation. Where holding back is normal, no matter how self-destructive. Things are upside-down in LazyTown. Stephanie, an optimistic girl with bright pink hair, comes to live in LazyTown and meets a zany mix of townspeople, including the world's laziest super-villain, Robbie Rotten.  Fortunately for Stephanie, LazyTown is also under the watchful eye of Sportacus, an athletic, super-active, slightly-above-average hero, who runs, jumps, flips and flies to the rescue in his futuristic AirShip. Sportacus always manages to save the day and to help the kids of LazyTown foil Robbie's latest lazy schemes.  The citizens of Lazytown learn the importance of things like eating right and exercising from the ultra-athletic superhero, Sportucus, who must stop the evil plots of Robbie Rotten, who hates physical activity, among other things. Shown in Cannes 1949. Art and nature are the touchstones of this gloriously theatrical, gorgeously scenic spin on "The Tempest." A shipwreck makes for strange stage-fellows when a group of convicted Camorra criminals and a ragtag company of actors wash up together on the Mediterranean prison island where warden Don Vincenzo (Carpentieri) lives with his restless daughter Miranda. When the gangsters infiltrate the theatrical troupe, Don Vincenzo commands them to put on a performance of "The Tempest" in order to separate the thugs from the thespians. Writer-director Cabiddu draws inspiration from both Shakespeare and Eduardo de Filippo, the great Neapolitan playwright whose influence is seen in the film's enchanting mixture of the earthy and the fanciful. Veteran actor Rubini excels as the hangdog leader of the troupe, but the real star of the film is the unspoiled island of Asinara off the northwest tip of Sardinia. Unable to fly the nest due to the economic crisis that grips Spain, a penniless, young couple have trouble consummating their fledgling relationship in their parents' homes. The dorkiest thing in the world, according to feminist poet Sigrid, is the movie cliche of the young woman who in the morning dons her male lover's shirt, looking adorably "indie cute". But when she begins a relationship with Kare Tryvle, she has difficulties living up to her ideals. Meanwhile, pregnant performance artist Trine is planning to give birth in a cage, dressed up as Marie Antoinette, on camera, and factory worker Astrid is looking for the son she had adopted away. Penny works at a supermarket and Phil is a gentle taxi-driver. Penny's love for Phil has run dry and they lead joyless lives with their two children, Rachel, a cleaner, and Rory, who is unemployed and aggressive. When megalomaniacal White Goodman, the owner of a trendy, high-end fitness center, makes a move to take over the struggling local gym run by happy-go-lucky Pete La Fleur, there's only one way for La Fleur to fight back: dodgeball. Aided by a dodgeball guru and Goodman's attorney, La Fleur and his rag-tag team of underdogs launch a knock-down, drag-out battle in which the winner takes all. An attempt at depicting the life of a generation born and raised in communist Poland; a generation that lived through all the stages of that system and made it to democracy. Throughout his life, the film's protagonist has always tried to be active, but something always got in his way, either through an absurd coincidence, as a result of his own lack of ability, or due to the unpredictable nature of certain events in our recent history. A diabolical plot to empower pushover dads causes Shin-chan's father to return home as a robot. The Nohara family bond is about to be put to the test! Old Boys: The Way of the Dragon is a bittersweet, sentimental tale of a hapless pair of amateur Chinese musicians called the Chopsticks Brothers trying, and for many years failing, to make it as musicians. Celebrate the last night of the Pythons on the big screen! - With John Cleese, Eric Idle, Terry Gilliam, Terry Jones and Michael Palin. Sequel to The Boss Baby Joe Nation wants to go viral on YouTube and reach Internet fame. But things take a turn for the worse when he mistakenly hires Bob Thunder, a cold-blooded killer, to help him. Comedy - A girl moves back to her home city and struggles to maintain an old friendship whilst a new &amp; exciting one emerges. -  Rain Fuller, Michael Edward Williams, Nathan Barillaro A romantic comedy set in the lush fields of Punjab and the beautiful city of Chandigarh - Aa Gaye Munde U.K. De is a sequel to the earlier blockbuster Munde U.K. De also Directed by the Doyen of Punjabi cinema - Manmohan Singh. Figures of Speech is a feature-length documentary that follows a group of high school students from all over the country as they vie for glory in the little-known world of competitive acting, otherwise known as Speech or Forensics. It is a coming-of-age story wrapped inside a quirky sub-culture competition doc, that will remind you what it feels like to be on the edge of adulthood, fighting to become whoever it is you're meant to be. A young poet, Paul Susser (Vincent Hoss-Desmarais), meets his master, the great author Samuel Beckett (Stephen McHattie), in a small cafe. The two men initiate a complex friendship that spans the last two decades of Beckett's life and forever changes Paul's future. A shiftless malcontent teams up with a shady Eastern European con artist to make some quick cash, but ends up becoming an unlikely, and reluctant, Robin Hood when he discovers his new partner-in-crime has traveled halfway around the world to free a victim of human trafficking. In this experimental parody of Charles M. Schulz's "Peanuts" comic strips and TV specials, a live action Charlie Brown lookalike named "Cancer Boy" attempts to kick a football, only to be mocked by his peers and fall into despair. After a police chase with an otherworldly being, a New York City cop is recruited as an agent in a top-secret organization established to monitor and police alien activity on Earth: the Men in Black. Agent Kay and new recruit Agent Jay find themselves in the middle of a deadly plot by an intergalactic terrorist who has arrived on Earth to assassinate two ambassadors from opposing galaxies. A Japanophile young Belgian woman in Tokyo falls into a whirlwind romance with a Francophile Japanese student, in this charming and tender tale of young love and cultural discovery. 100 years ago, the Russian Empire ... Christmas Eve. December plugs, holiday celebrations, balls and modest luxury holidays, titled nobles and ordinary peasants, the royal family and the soldiers of the First World War, progressive poets and the first skaters - everything was different, except ... the holiday. People prepared, lived, believed dreaming and waiting for this miracle - Christmas! Nobody Walks in LA is the story of two old friends who, faced with decisions that cannot wait, put their lives on pause for a day and do the unthinkable.... walk around Los Angeles. Putting aside a failing engagement on the one hand and a cross country move on the other - Miles and Becca rediscover not just the streets of Los Angeles, but one another. Charlie Martin, a JI whose fraternity gets kicked off campus after it takes the rap for a rival fraternity gone awry. Three years later, Charlie and the remaining brothers must throw the greatest rush event to recruit a new pledge class and bring the house back to glory. A police detective is partnered with his estranged grandfather to investigate a series of robberies. DRIVING WHILE BLACK is a dark comedy, rooted deeply in reality... but not a reality that everybody is familiar with. Dimitri delivers Pizzas for a living - but as a young black man he is faced with "extra" challenges while navigating the city. Film starring Suneel, Naronha Esther and Sayaji Shinde A young Indian man marries a stranger to remain in Canada after his request for residency is denied. The true story of Jimmy Adams, a V.P. of a $30 billion hedge fund, who loses his job and winds up working as a waiter at a waffle shop. Amidst the greasy madness of the 24-hour diner, Jimmy befriends Edward, an ex-con grill master who serves up hard lessons about life, finance, and grits. Two young friends embark on a road trip across France in a vehicle they built themselves. Four funny flawed fierce females discover what they don't know: about themselves, their families and Western Civilization.  Lothario Martin has come to the realization that he needs to settle down. He strongly believes he can only do so by molding his behavior to the wishes of the woman he will eventually marry. However, he first must find her. He registers on an online dating site even though the answer to all of his troubles is right under his nose. During  business trip Yohei Tanaka prays at a local shrine. Much to his surprise, his wishes come true. He wins some money at the lottery and cures his long lasting diarrhoea. His final wish also comes true. He is asked to direct a film. An ensemble set in Malta that focuses on four characters: Bozo, a children's party clown who is a closet pedophile; Claudia, a stage actress who is paralyzed with feelings of insignificance and is driven to do the extreme; Kyle, a family man with a deaf son who finds it increasingly difficult to cope with challenges at home and at work; and DJ Trim, a talk radio show presenter suffering from an anxiety disorder who advocates for the rights of illegal immigrants and becomes the target of unwanted attention from a threatening caller. Vishwa, an idler, gets the job of his constable father after the latter is killed during a police operation. Will Vishwa, who is glad that his father is dead, go after his dad's murderers? The Pope accepts when the friend of a young engaged couple jokingly sends him a wedding invitation. Floating is the story of a young man's struggle to come of age during a violent period of emotional and financial bankruptcy. The film stars Norman Reedus as Van, a son shouldering the responsibility of his embittered father, with no one to nurture him through his own pain. Van's father is so engrossed in his own troubles that he fails to emotionally support his son. As Doug, Chad Lowe provides Van with friendship, but more importantly, with the knowledge that a "perfect life" isn't always what it seems. After Van and Doug engage in a crime spree that ends in tragedy, father and son finally come together for the first time to transcend mourning. A grandfather is on the brink of bankruptcy and brings his grandchildren back to the community that made nd shaped him, only to find that the place is no longer the same. Stranded after a tragic plane crash, two strangers must forge a connection to survive the extreme elements of a remote snow covered mountain. When they realize help is not coming, they embark on a perilous journey across the wilderness. A touching comedy about an unlikely friendship that grows between three twenty-something professionals searching for meaning in life and work in the digital age. Two very different people, in a hurry for two very different reasons, are thrown together when all flights are grounded by a volcanic eruption. As they learn each other's secrets and encounter some of the idiosyncratic locals, they must find a new way of reaching their destination while the clock is ticking. Joao, a homosexual individual develops amnesia and forgets that he's homosexual. Fast paced, action packed comedy. Tension flares in The Motor City as Officer Richardson profiles every Muslim he sees as a terrorist. He goes on an arrest frenzy, which makes the community activists, Jihad and Osama take to the streets and rally the people to stand up for their rights. The Chief of Police wants to gain the trust of the Muslim community in order to get re-elected, but Attorney Leila Rodriguez is standing in the way with a discrimination law suit against Officer Richardson and the Motor City Police Department. The Chief calls on his most unreliable detective, Mohammed and partners him with a Middle Eastern, Sharia Law fanatic, Detective Abdul. The Chief wants them to "Speak Muslim To The Muslims" which he thinks will guarantee his re-election.  - Written by Omar Regan  Recently cuckolded and reeling from a messy divorce, a hapless former singer hits the road - and the bar - with his all-too-helpful best bud, in this hilarious romantic comedy. An employee of a Japanese automobile manufacturer travels to Busan to attend the presentation of a new car model that was developed together with Korean colleagues. When the prototype is stolen from under his nose, Japanese and Korean employees have to work together, whether they like it or not. Seven moments, common situations, broken lives, encounters that, like the image in a kaleidoscope, show up and disappear. Diego, Manny and Sid return in this sequel to the hit animated movie Ice Age. This time around, the deep freeze is over, and the ice-covered earth is starting to melt, which will destroy the trio's cherished valley. The impending disaster prompts them to reunite and warn all the other beasts about the desperate situation. A fractured family is forced to confront what tore them apart at the eldest son's wedding. Harold Just Always Wanted To Be The Best Kung Fu Fighting Sai Slicing Sword Slashing Karate Kicking Fist Flailing Judo Jumping Person He Could Be.Harold Just Has One Problem, He's Lazy. After His Brother Makes Him Go Look For A Job He Discovers Quickly That This Day Is Going To Be Like No Other. Aliens Have Just Invaded And His Brother Is Now Missing. It's Now Up To Harold To Become Sensei Tumbleweed And Not Just Save His Brother But The Planet When the girl he likes goes missing, Jake enlists the help of his grandpa and his WWII buddies. A tragic comedy about an 18-year old girl growing up near the new Berlin airport's construction site Police in Pollywood is a Punjabi film directed by Sunita Dhir. Bold Sari enlists with Josh, a young man whom she barely met. They set from Metro Manila to Leyte to find the owner of a letter she found and see the fulfillment of its vow. They discover that the journey is just as relevant as their goal. Telling a tale of six months of sun, snow, and rain, over a dozen of skiing's most talented athletes, hundreds of thousands of miles traveled, tens of thousands of vertical feet hiked, hundreds of quarts of 2-stroke snowmobile oil, a dozen speeding tickets and at least as many missed connecting flights, this year's Level 1 film is indeed a VERY long story, short.Shot in high-definition across the frozen globe, from remote powder stashes of Hokkaido, Japan, to the bent metal and concrete of the East Coast of North America, and the fabled kicker zones of Austria, and everywhere in between. Level 1 furthers their innovative vision of skiing, continuing their tradition of captivating cinematography, inspired features and locations, and mindblowing skiing exploits in what will be THE story of the '06 ski season.  Hannelore Reitzler elopes with her boyfriend to the Hotel Liebesnest but he leaves her during the night after failing to take her virginity. Not wanting to return home, Hannelore takes job as a chambermaid which also involves giving sexual favors to the guests at an extra charge. Meanwhile, a female cat burglar visits Das Liebesnest every night and each time she gets caught, she offers her body to the captor to keep them quiet. Adam, an amateur comedy video blogger, struggles to measure up to his best friend Brian, an egotistical musician. When they move in together for a summer, Brian's obsessive and manipulative behavior surrounding the release of his new album awakens the sociopath in both young men. While in the employ of Mr. Worthington, James, Mickey and Whitey have made several successful and uneventful pickups, but one last pickup will prove to be an adventure and the difference between life as free men and life behind bars. When an explosion at a top-secret government lab injures an elderly janitor, no one could have expected the terrifying results. Exposure to mysterious chemicals causes him to undergo a bizarre transformation. He is slowly... incredibly... growing younger every day. Now, a ruthless CIA assassin will stop at nothing to take him prisoner and turn him into a government guinea pig. With his future on the line, the janitor goes on the run with his wife and a feisty female agent. All the while, he continues to transform... into a being with powers that are as deadly as they are unimaginable. An eclectic group of characters set sail on Captain Lansen's leaky cargo ship in an attempt to escape their various troubles. When a violent storm strikes, the ship is swept into the Sargasso Sea and the passengers find themselves trapped on an island populated by man-eating seaweed, giant crabs and Spanish conquistadors who believe it's still the 16th century. Adapted from the novel by Rebecca Chace, Capture the Flag portrays the tenuous relationship between a father and a daughter in the socially turbulent 1970s. Teen-age Annie and her father Luke are about to gather with friends for an annual game of Capture the Flag. This year, a lot more is at stake than the white T-shirt standing in for the flag. Annie's parents are on the verge of divorce, and this is the first time she and her father are participating without Annie's mother. What starts as a joyous reunion soon breaks down as friendships among the adults fracture and new allegiances among the children are formed. Over the course of this weekend, Annie learns that even though some things change, the most important relationships will somehow endure. Tad Jones, the most awkward explorer, must rescue his beloved Sara from a millionaire who is looking for King Midas' necklace. The Guardians must fight to keep their newfound family together as they unravel the mysteries of Peter Quill's true parentage. And We Were Young is a stop-motion, silhouette-animation oral history of American soldiers, 'Doughboys,' in the last months of the Great War. Missoula, Montana animator Andy Smetanka cut thousands of paper figures and colored backgrounds and filmed them one frame at a time, on a Soviet-era Super 8 camera, over the course of three years to produce a brutal, hauntingly beautiful, and thoroughly original vision of America's war, narrated entirely in the words of the ones who were there. Kyungcheon is a pianist-in-training who loses his heart and becomes a milk cow. He lives as a man during the day, but becomes a milk cow at night and eats grass. Meanwhile, with the help of wizard Merlin, a satellite named Ilho fell from the cosmos by a supernova, is transformed into a girl. One day, Kyungcheon is attacked by members of a secret agency that chases people who lost their heart. Kyungcheon defeats them with the help of Ilho. Following a narrow escape from secret agents, the two mismatched characters come to know about each other's secrets and draw close. Thirupathi Express' is a clean fun-filled family entertainer, starring Sumanth Shailendra and Kriti Kharbanda in the lead roles. . The film is a travel love story. The family of Sumanth is bound to Tirupathi, while on the journey he meets many characters, turning out to be a roller coaster ride of adventure. What happens when he misses the train, forms the crux of the story. Sam and Barbara have been together for eight years, but the key to their relationship is breaking up. Each time Barbara threatens to leave, Sam would give in and beg her to come back, giving her an increasing upper hand. After their 99th breakup, the couple finally decides to stick through with their relationship and not break up so easily. They plan a future together by running their own cafe. Ironically, the success of the cafe starts driving Sam and Barbara apart, and the 100th breakup between Sam and Barbara seems to be just around the corner. An inspiring, triumphant and wickedly funny portrait of one of comedy's most enigmatic and important figures, CALL ME LUCKY tells the story of Barry Crimmins, a beer-swilling, politically outspoken and whip-smart comic whose efforts in the 70s and 80s fostered the talents of the next generation of standup comedians. But beneath Crimmins' gruff, hard-drinking, curmudgeonly persona lay an undercurrent of rage stemming from his long-suppressed and horrific abuse as a child - a rage that eventually found its way out of the comedy clubs and television shows and into the political arena. The history of women through the Middle Ages as told to and by little boys and girls and an old man (Michael Lonsdale) The comedy follows Jefferson, a ski-bum temp worker, whose singular joy comes from an annual excursion to the slopes with fellow slacker Curtis. But when Jefferson falls for Stephanie, an ambitious go-getter, he is forced to re-evaluate his priorities. Based upon obviously not true events, All Hell Breaks Loose is the story of love, leather, and violence. When the Satan's Sinners, a vicious motorcycle gang from hell, kidnaps one man's bride, they bite off more than they can chew. Now the man is out to save his wife, any way he can... even if it means dying over and over again. With the help of a shit-kicking sheriff, a perverted priest, and a cowboy who just might be God, all hell is bound to break loose.  A look at the restoration of Ridley Scott's Blade Runner (1982) and the creation of its final cut, including the tweaking and/or erasing of some of the original's beloved goofs. These senior citizens may each be almost a century young, but for Kara, (94) Maynie (95) and Terri (93) the journey to Las Vegas and the World Hip Hop Dance Championships is just the beginning of a life's journey. And along with twenty-seven other nonagenarians they defy the odds and hip-hop their way into the hearts and minds of thousands of young fans from around the world. Led by their exuberant and 'I must have been mad,' manager Billie Jordan they learn to throw away their wheelchairs and walking sticks and push their bodies and artificial joints to the absolute limits of old age.   A married couple take a year long road trip looking for answers after being shunned and run out of a small town in Minnesota. they seek advice and answers from pig farmers and rock stars and all walks in between. The meaning of life questioned and answered A teenage patient in hospice care dons a VR headset to travel on a mission to the International Space Station. Leaving behind the confines of his broken body, he embarks on a spacewalk - a profound life experience which stirs his soul. A pizzeria employee who is shot during a robbery, acquires self-healing powers when he eats a genetically-altered tomato and must prevent corporate villains from stealing the formula. The story of Her Tango follows Dino, a successful restaurateur. For years, Dino has given everything of himself to make his restaurant a success and to move on from the death of his wife Caroline. After a chance encounter, Dino is drawn to Elena, an elusive tango dancer. While Elena teaches him to dance, Dino discovers that the philosophy of tango is very close to how he dreams of living his life. Filled with the seductive sounds and sights of dance, Her Tango is a film about redemption, seduction and the power of tango. A year after his father's death in Mexico, Victor returns to Buenos Aires with a twofold mission. On the one hand, he brings with him a new project for his former theater company; on the other, he abandons his part as The Princess of France and takes up a new role in front of five actresses who know him all too well, but who don't know that time to work will soon become a time to think again about lost loves. (Rivera Maya Film Festival)  Four seasons to tell the fluctuating moods and mores of a small community that shares its daily chores and life experiences in the military base of Fort Buchanan.  In this imagined (perhaps dreamed?) location, peculiar habits respond to the needs of a peculiar environment. Roger, a fragile gay man, and his female companions, trying to cope with the absence of their husbands, go through their own brand of challenges for survival, with their own form of outdoor camaraderie, thought-occupying chat and DIY activities. Roger has a tough daughter who runs him ragged, but he has buddies willing to help: Justine, Denise, Pamela and Claudia-Joy. The parents of a soon-to-be married couple make the final preparations for the wedding ceremony. In the city of Sao Paulo, the routine of gravedigger apprentice Deodato changes when a new working girl arrives at the cemetery. Together, they must re-register the abandoned tombs, but strange events make the apprentice wonder about the consequences of messing with the dead. In order to win the respect of her friends and family, divorced housewife Sabine decides to perform Wilhelm Tell with a group of Asylum seekers in the Swiss mountains. When the world is in danger, superheroes come to rescue humanity. They are stronger, faster, smarter than ordinary people and are willing to sacrifice themselves for the sake of others. But what would happen if superheroes would not be around, and the world's rescue team will be made of selfish, irresponsible twenty year old weirdos?  Fulvio is the only one of the three brothers to have left the village to go to work in the city. Deputy chief of staff in a large company, he dismisses people without remorse until he gets fired himself and after being jailed for beating his superior, is entrusted to his brother, who's a pastor in the village where they grew up. Forced into a place far from the modern world, Fulvio decides to help the local church in crisis by inventing a miracle that makes everyone believe that the saint's statue weeps. Tourists and pilgrims rush to the village and are filling the pockets of local businesses until the Vatican decides to send someone to certify the event. Fulvio must confess the scam, but the entire village will rise to convince the envoys of the Holy City for the veracity of the invented miracle. Giulia is thirty years old and unmarried. She has a good job which allows her to travel and lead a luxurious life in Milan and Paris. She is convinced that she has everything she needs for happiness, but after meeting Renzo, a charming Apulian farmer, Giulia understands that she's missing the most important thing in her life - true love. Documentary from Jay Carter (VIII)  and  Michele Kim Carter Elaine, a beautiful young witch, is determined to find a man to love her. In her gothic Victorian apartment she makes spells and potions, and then picks up men and seduces them. However her spells work too well, and she ends up with a string of hapless victims. When she finally meets the man of her dreams, her desperation to be loved will drive her to the brink of insanity and murder. The creators of "Dark Fall" bring you "Death 2 Hipsters", the outrageous surf comedy without a synopsis, because synopsis's are too mainstream, and that's just NOT KEWL. The power in a small rural Nepalese village with a strong maternal tradition revolves around Chinmaya. The entire village is busy preparing for wedding of her son when the groom's ex-lover, Suntali, shows up with a mean-looking man. Chinmaya is annoyed that the village men are intrigued by the beautiful Suntali, who has returned to take revenge on Chinmaya for banishing her from the village in the past. Chinmaya suspects Suntali's vengeful intentions, which the younger woman slowly puts into practice, and devices a scheme to get rid of her. Megan Quinn, an aspiring architect, faces multiple tasks - developing her hometown lake into a commercialized entertainment center, forcing Mrs. Frances Figgins, her childhood mentor, out of her family's home, and helping out at her family cafe after her father breaks his leg, all while also dealing with the return of her childhood sweetheart, Joe, who broke her heart. A promise, a girl, and a gangster. A sarcastic loser gets help putting his life back together....against his will. A mega-platinum, aging rock star's supermodel wife is abducted by pirates while vacationing in Chile. Amid the tumult of the Arab Spring in Cairo, vendors in a small souk observe the political upheaval while seeking to preserve an ancient tradition of fabric making. Two best friends spent the last fifteen years touring the country in their performance art punk band. When one of them decides to quit, they both face deeper challenges than expected. A dissatisfied 20-something seeks life and relationship advice from a retirement-home playboy, with mixed results. After the death of their mother, three foster sisters - the shrewd business woman, the free spirit, and the caregiver - find themselves fighting for their individual dreams and fighting each other in this tale of love, lust, and tragedy. As the end approaches for Japan's age of military rule, the Tokugawa shogunate brings together a squad of ruthless assassins to defend its representatives in Kyoto. These men were known as the Shinsengumi. Formidable swordsmen with unswerving dedication to their cause, the Shinsengumi think nothing of slashing down their enemies...but what happens when the enemy is the undead? So fresh it still hasn't even hit the cinemas in Japan, Samurai of the Dead is an irreverent, action-packed comic mash-up where zombiecore meets the last desperate years of the way of the sword. Max, Paul and Simon have been friends for 35 years. They take great pleasure in their one vacation a year together without their partners and meet-up regularly to spend evenings drinking or playing cards. Each has a successful career and they all appear to have perfect lives until the night Simon announces to his friends that he has just strangled his wife, Estelle after a blazing row. Max and Paul are horrified by Simon's confession, but worse is to come when Simon asks them to lie and provide him with an alibi for the time Estelle was killed. Both men are torn between lying or turning over their best friend to the police. Dorottya is a young Hungarian actress with a burning desire: to make it on the English stage. Legendary actor, Sir Michael Gifford suffers from an incurable disease, and has one desire: be left alone. When Dorottya becomes his carer they both hope their wish will be fulfilled. A coming of age sci-fi splatter comedy with a dash of Hong Kong style action - TEDDY BOMB is the story of a beer delivery boy named Christian who stumbles upon a ticking time bomb that also happens to be a sentient stuffed animal: A talking teddy bear that can melt your face off. He can't get rid of it, he can't go to the police, and there's no way in hell he can turn it off. To add insult to injury, the bomb's original owners want their property back and they'll decapitate, gut and eviscerate everyone that gets in their way. Whether Christian diffuses the bear or not - it's guaranteed that things will end in one big bloody bang. The tribes of Israel need to defeat the superior might of the Philistines: "Now appoint a king to lead us, such as all the other nations have." (I Samuel, 8:5). And so the prophet Samuel gives the Hebrews their first king, Saul.  Saul, however, has incessant doubts about his mission. The influential prophet Samuel turns away from Saul in order to select a new king according to God's will: David. He is still a young boy, tending sheep in the fields, when, secretly Samuel oints him as the next king of the Israelites. The man behind the legend and a knowing look at the 1950's Hollywood are revealed in this dynamic bioepic of the meteoric star whose troubled life echoed his gut-grabbing performances in East of Eden, Rebel Without A Cause and Giant. A Hollywood studio executive is being sent death threats by a writer whose script he rejected - but which one? A powerful and secretive corporation is conducting underground psychic experiments utilizing Digital Direct Drive, otherwise known as DDD. While under the influence of the drug ether, the human subjects are outfitted in rubber suits and bombarded with DDD with extremely intense sound. Though the experiments are successful in unleashing psychic powers in the test subjects, the results are usually fatal. As a result, the corporation attempts to shut down the experiments against the wishes of Motomiya and Hitotsubashi who are in charge of the research. In a desperate attempt to salvage their work, the two researchers take over the lab and hold an innocent secretary hostage while they transform their fellow researcher into an ether addict and use him as the final human guinea pig for their experiments. The result has to be seen to be believed as his psychic powers are unleashed in a wave of ferocity that will leave you breathless. In 1973, photographer William Eggleston picked up a Sony PortaPak and took to documenting the soul of Memphis and New Orleans. When the unemployed miner Sheng digs out a hot spring in his barren land, he suddenly becomes so popular in the village that everyone wants to be friends with him, hoping to get a share of the treasure. Pikanchi Half is a spin-off of the two previous movies in the Pikanchi series, showing the five friends, now in their 30s, having a reunion as they are running into problems with family and work "Between Friends" is a stylish, funny ensemble piece set in an upmarket game lodge in South Africa. A group of college friends reunite after 7 years, keen to catch up and rekindle their friendships. But that was then, and this is now. Things get intense after old secrets are revealed and past issues threaten to disrupt present relationships. Down-and-out Detective Dancer, who struggling with a personal conflict, gives up on life and his job. But that all ends when he is paired up with a police dog who is also dealing with post-traumatic stress. The dog helps Dancer make a life-changing turn around. And in response, Dancer does the same for his partner, the Dame.  Lion Men 2 picks up after Mikey's superb performance. Shi Shen becomes jealous of Mikey, especially after he discovers Mikey's feelings for Xiao Yu. Determined to succeed, Shi Shen spends more time training, neglecting Xiao Yu. Situation worsens when Xiao Yu is kidnapped, forcing Shi Shen and Mikey to choose between the competition and their love for Xiao Yu. Who will step up to save her? Two 30 something stoner friends use lies and deceit to convince their straight laced  neigbour to unknowingly drive them across the country to pick up some weed in this hilarious low budget comedy film.  Watch the film here for free:  https://youtu.be/jdGMtJKsX2s Dave is a married man with two kids and a loving wife, and Mitch is a single man who is at the prime of his sexual life. One fateful night while Mitch and Dave are peeing in a fountain when lightning strikes, they switch bodies.  Vilde (12) wants to be the first female 'Halling' folk dance champion. A traditional dance for men only. Her greatest challenge isn't the competition - she's convinced that her strength and passion for dance and life are helping her beloved grandfather to win his fight against cancer. Raja (Sharwanand) is on a search for a perfect match for him and in the process he will break-up with most of those girls. One day, he meets Priya (Seerat Kapoor) and falls truly in love with her. Priya is the daughter of Sampath (Dileep Kumar), a police commissioner who has been appointed to deal with the kidnappings happening in town but is unable to solve the cases. When he learns that his daughter is in love with Raja, he assigns him a task to nab the kidnapper in order to marry his daughter. What happens next forms the crux of the story.  Critics have given positive feedback for "Run Raja Run" terming it as an entertaining film. They have appreciated Sharwanand's performance in romantic scenes as well as his comic timing. Other actors have also done their parts well. The film's screenplay, music, twists and turns, and comedy are its major plus points. Geethanjali is a 1985 Tamil Indian feature film directed by K.Rangaraj. The film stars Murali, Sathyaraj and Nalini in the lead roles. Buenos Aires. When Monica and Mirna meet by chance, nothing will ever be the same again. However, their relationship is hindered by the fact that Mirna has to leave, to follow a deep calling to a lost place in her past. To the Andes. US return student Karthik pledges to marry his uncle Dhanunjay's daughter Indu, which was his mother's wish. A small family feud ends with both the families getting separated. He joins Indu's college to convince her to marry him, but mistakenly assumes Bhagyam as Dhanunjay's daughter. Later, Karthik realizes that Indu is his cousin but she is already in love with another guy. He gets entangled in a risky situation when he tries to help a stranger. The rest of the story is all about how he controls the damage and fulfills the wish of his mother. At three years old, a chatty, energetic little boy named Owen Suskind ceased to speak, disappearing into autism with apparently no way out. Almost four years passed and the only stimuli that engaged Owen were Disney films. Then one day, his father donned a puppet--Iago, the wisecracking parrot from Aladdin--and asked "what's it like to be you?" And poof! Owen replied, with dialogue from the movie. Life, Animated tells the remarkable story of how Owen found in Disney animation a pathway to language and a framework for making sense of the world. My Brother's Shoes - one zany comedy when brothers - one gay and one straight - magically switch places! A full feature film production of R&R Stage and Screen, LLC. Family is everything - but just how far will these two brothers go? Carmilla inadvertently infects Ron, Fang, and Corey with her vampirism. Unaware of their condition, these three misfit vampires' hysterical misadventures illuminate the sudden changes in their nature. While attending a support group recommended by Dr. Acula  for what is thought to be a medical condition, the three connect back with Carmilla and learn the truth of their new existence. Cast out by Martin and the old vampires, pursued by the determined Eddie Van Helsing, Ron and Carmilla seek to maintain some humanity and lead their menage through the challenges of vampire life in the modern world. Malick Bhai is a fish auctioneer, who is a familiar face in Cochin harbour. A foreigner girl Michelle  enters his life. She comes to India with some motives and Malick Bhai decides to help her. Jo's world is thrown into utter disarray when her wife Amanda passes away and she starts chasing a dream that she and Amanda had once shared - starting a family together. Jo asks her late wife's brother, Jamie, to be her sperm donor and craziness ensues. From the guys that brought you Napoleon Dynamite comes this hilarious Napoleon-topping award-winning comedy. Super-nerdy Gavin Gore and his friends stumble on some huge footprints in the woods. A local cop, reporter and a renowned Sasquatch authority investigate, while two of Gavin's stoner neighbours hatch a scheme to profit from the situation How to Plan an Orgy in a Small Town is about a group of friends who live in the picturesque town of Beaver's Ridge--the epitome of wholesomeness and strong family values. Their orderly life is interrupted by the homecoming of Cassie Cranston (Jewel Staite), whom they slut-shamed into leaving town when she was a teenager. Now a big-city sex writer, Cassie returns home to face an unwelcome reception by her former friends, and finds an opportunity to seek revenge by writing a book about them when they ask her if she'll help them plan an orgy. A young man struggles to access sublimated childhood memories. He finds a technique that allows him to travel back into the past, to occupy his childhood body and change history. However, he soon finds that every change he makes has unexpected consequences. Uncle Frankie (Danny Trejo) is not the kind of guy you want to meet in a dark alley. Especially when you owe him money and have been giving him the slip for a few years. Such is the fate of Lorenzo Adams (Gary Moore), a top bill collector at Lump Sum Collections. Uncle Frankie has tracked Lorenzo to Norfolk, Virginia and is coming to collect. A 17 year old finds out that his girlfriend is dying, so he sets out to give her an entire life, in the last year she has left. In a city where greeting card writers are celebrated like movie stars, Romance writer Ray used to be the king. In trying to recapture the feelings that once made him the greatest, he gets entangled in a web of murder and deceit as writers vie to create the perfect card for a new holiday: Girlfriend's Day. A joint task force operation between the Drug Enforcement Administration and the U.S. Army has been formed to dismantle one of the largest drug cartels operating in South America. Multiple attempts to assault the cartel's mountainous compound have been thwarted by a Scorpion-attack helicopter piloted by a cartel leader, Eric Stoller (Bert Rhine). After having several aircraft shot down, most notably a pair of UH-60 Black Hawks and their AH-1 Cobra escorts, the army turns to the new AH-64 Apache attack helicopter, which can match its enemies' maneuverability and firepower. A dreamy, ironic comedy about a generation of hedonistic students in the 1990s. Their favourite activity: talking endlessly. During a series of vacation days filled with sun-drenched naps, squabbling, waterskiing competitions and love-making, the amateur actors discuss their concerns in dry dialogues. For instance, semi-intellectual reflections on the end of time and how Michael Jordan plays basketball. The Heroes of Destiny have taken on the task of protecting Mexico from danger. A new batch of recruits start their trials to see if they can join. Meanwhile an old enemy seeks out vengeance at a dark place. Can destiny prevail? A male me-too story set in the classical music world. Mike and Dave, two Northern British idiots sponging off the state, find themselves pissed up with a case load of cash and the vague memory of a dodgy job offer. But when the sinister Mr. Martin comes to check his 'task' has been completed, Mike and Dave must learn to tell the truth or be lost in a lie forever. Filmmaker Judith Helfand's searing investigation into the politics of "disaster" - by way of the deadly 1995 Chicago heat wave, in which 739 residents perished (mostly Black and living in the city's poorest neighborhoods). A 78 year-old chess player tries to forget old age's inconveniences by trying to win a tournament organized in the memory of his best friend. Independent TV producer Shin-Hye (UHM Jung-Hwa), self-assured housewife Mi-Yeon (MOON So-Ri), and single mom Hae-Young (JO Min-Soo) are a tight-knit group of 40-something friends going through the ups and downs of their lives and loves in modern day Seoul. This racy comedy is the latest from director KWON Chil-in, known for his frank portrayals of relationships and women's sexuality. Bubble Bubble Meows and his cohorts cooperate to conquer a cold-hearted condiment coup. Princess Leia is captured and held hostage by the evil Imperial forces in their effort to take over the galactic Empire. Venturesome Luke Skywalker and dashing captain Han Solo team together with the loveable robot duo R2-D2 and C-3PO to rescue the beautiful princess and restore peace and justice in the Empire. Ted is not a zombie. Just ask him. Sure, he picked up a "skin thing" on his vacay in The Caribbean, and he's hungering for brains, but who isn't? Anyway, things are bound to get better when Ted inherits his grandpa's fortune; all he's gotta do is wait for the old man to die. In the meantime, in case things weren't strange enough, Ted follows a hot vampire into group therapy where the patients all suffer disorders of the paranormal. Yep. Things just went from weird to wacky. Yang Pingdao invents something poised delicately between fiction and documentary to capture crystallized moments in his family history, to recreate in cinematic form its emotional weight and variety, woven around the life and death of his grandmother, and the birth of his child. The film is based on Comedy of Errors, where Shakespeare's well known play would take a desi avatar when a father-son pair discovers their mirror images in a different city. Gurpreet and Rajbir plan to get married, but Rajbir's ex-wife is standing in their way. Until she gets remarried Rajbir must pay alimony -- so it's time for them to find her a new man. After Malu grows suspicious of her boyfriend Samuel she hires a private investigator, only to discover she is not the only one in his life. A respectful nod to classic kids-in-peril adventure films that finds a group of reluctant kids stranded overnight in an abandoned jail. Their chaperon is missing, their cellphone service is non existent, and their patience with each other is running thin. Oh, and a big, hairy creature is trying to eat them. Hey... it's tough being a kid in a monster movie. Takane (Honoka Miki) is a teenage student interested in art. Her friend Mika (Misato Aoyama) wants to become a novelist. They are best friends and have developed feelings for each other. Their relationship though becomes shaken by the presence of Namie (Yukie Kawamura). Namie is an ex-novelist and works as a librarian. After supervillain Shredder escapes custody, he joins forces with mad scientist Baxter Stockman and two dimwitted henchmen, Bebop and Rocksteady, to unleash a diabolical plan to take over the world. As the Turtles prepare to take on Shredder and his new crew, they find themselves facing an even greater evil with similar intentions: the notorious Krang.  When a thirty-something 'suit' breaks into a music festival to retrieve his stolen belongings, he ends up finding love and freedom instead. After Michael Jackson died, a comedian have to decide what to do with his performance. A bumbling government employee accidentally destroys a small fortune and decides to break into the US Mint to replace it, but before long everyone wants a slice of the action - and the money. With the aid of a fellow Auschwitz survivor and a hand-written letter, an elderly man with dementia goes in search of the person responsible for the death of his family. Aram is a wearied accountant with an unbearably dull existence. With a nagging wife who berates him for not being assertive enough, and a measly paycheck, he quietly suffers while awaiting a long-deserved promotion. But there's more to Aram than his mild-mannered demeanor lets on: he has been secretly devising a scheme to finally get what he feels he is owed. One day he asserts his power menacingly when he kidnaps a schoolgirl and keeps her tied up in an abandoned warehouse. What seems like the perfect plan soon unravels into his worst nightmare, and his carefully constructed scheme comes crashing down piece by bloody piece. When a super girly-girl is dumped by her boyfriend; she decides to do everything she can to get him back by building a college gymnastics team, quickly learning that she is capable of a lot more than just getting an MRS degree.  Three stories, loosely inspired on short stories from classic Boccaccio's Decameron, are connected by a creatively-bankrupt writer who offers money in exchange for original subjects. It seems simple: an egg + sperm = one embryo. But if your sperm is "few, vague and abnormal" and your woman is premenopausal at age 37, things start to get complicated. A wonderful night of LDS-themed comedy, hosted by Lisa Valentine Clark (of Pretty Darn Funny) and featuring the talent of Aaron Wooddall, Josh Fonokalafi, Isaac Thoams, Steve Soelberg, Heath Harmison, Abi Harrison, and Jeremy Warner. Quotas for women, parking spaces for women, online shopping, small talk and gossip. Software developer Erol, porta-potty rep Lars, and commercial pilot Helmut are licking the wounds of their masculinity - a female-free zone is what's needed! In the boiler room of their recently built housing complex, the three stressed husbands create a secret refuge where they can watch football, eat fast-food, drink beer and curse the opposite sex undisturbed. When Aykut, the complex's facility manager, discovers their last bastion of masculinity, he threatens to close it down. One thing is for sure, the men are not going to give up their little slice of paradise without a fight. Based on the stage play bearing the same name, director Franziska Meyer Price allows men to return to rebellious ladhood. Immigrants from around the world enter Los Angeles every day, with hopeful visions of a better life, but little notion of what that life may cost. Their desperate scenarios test the humanity of immigration enforcement officers. In Crossing Over, writer-director Wayne Kramer explores the allure of the American dream, and the reality that immigrants find - and create -- in 21st century L.A. Kurdish childhood friends Hussein and Alan direct and produce a film about the genocide of Kurdish people in Iraq, the Anfal campaign in 1988. They learn that, to achieve veracity by the means of cinema and to face their own identity, it's worth putting everything on the line - even their own life. In the shadows of the outskirts of Oslo, every criminal has their place until the economical meltdown. The luxury prostitute Wendy might have the key to the problem, or at least to the heart of the bank, the criminals and even the police. A funny and irresistible story of a young girl who literally cannot see or hear her mother, even though she is living with her under the same roof. With the help of an eccentric psychiatrist, and a local, accidental hero, our heroine has to grow up, but falls in love and eventually takes hold of her future - despite not being able to see what's right in front of her. A black as tar comedy charting the dissolution of a commune for sober living in '90s suburban New Jersey. After 30 years Kirk is still living in the same little village with his dominant mother Ineke. His father disappeared when Kirk was just a young boy. Their sluggish life is brutally disrupted when their new eupeptic neighbor Marcus awakes Kirk and deteriorates the relationship between mother and son. Ineke doesn't trust the intruder and begins an investigation and discovers some dark secrets. The world is closing in on Greta Driscoll. On the cusp of turning fifteen she can't bear to leave her childhood, it contains all the things that give her comfort in this incomprehensible new world. She floats in a bubble of loserdom with her only friend Elliott, until her parents throw her a surprise 15th birthday party and she's flung into a parallel place; a world that's weirdly erotic, a little bit violent and thoroughly ludicrous - only there can she find herself. Ranmaru is a shy, dorky guy with a tongue that can analyze any element simply by licking an object, a skill that allows him to solve all manner of crimes. With his cute, but annoying sidekick Hikaru, plus the steadying hand of friend Kanji, Ranmaru solves a series of strange events at a failing hot spring resort deep in the mountains. Ranmaru falls in love with a doctor who saves his life. The loveable, endearing Ranmaru and his band of quirky pals team up to solve a nasty murder mystery that devastates the village. Bishu got a phone call from Farid Chowdhury that a young man is coming to stop his daughter's marriage ceremony. Bishu is contracted to stop him coming to the marriage ceremony. In the summer of 1993, timid and shy Zhou Xiao Zhi meets her table partner. Sitting in the classroom's infamous back row is troublemaker Lin Yi. They go through junior high, high school, and college years together. Lin Yi said to Zhou Xiaozhi: "One day, I'll take you to a place that only belongs to us." Fast forward ten years... Experimental film about people walking away from and towards the camera. USA and the communist countries start a war, later Japan becomes a tragic victim. In another dimension of time and space- five anti heroes battle it out as their nefarious pursuits lead to the likely destruction of their B-grade universe. Dirk is an intergalactic drug smuggler who's cargo of spice is stolen by a sexy space pirate pirate named, Draca. Little does she know the lengths Dirk will go through to get his revenge. The spice itself is to be used in a exchange for weaponized microbes that are designed to destroy Iraqueefia- a planet made entirely of oil. A planet that is the sole energy source in their crappy, B-grade universe In the near future, where government regulations are so restrictive our most intimate acts are considered acts of rebellion, Nora tries to break out of a lifetime of strict thought and sexual repression before it's too late. With the disappearance of hack horror writer Sutter Cane, all Hell is breaking loose...literally! Author Cane, it seems, has a knack for description that really brings his evil creepy-crawlies to life. Insurance investigator John Trent is sent to investigate Cane's mysterious vanishing act and ends up in the sleepy little East Coast town of Hobb's End. In order to secure money for the production of his first film, a young man asks help from a film producer. The producer, however, was involved with pornographic films, and now his main business is drug dealing. The young director will have to become a drug runner in order to get the money he needs for his film Every night, Master (Kaoru Kobayashi) is busy with customers at the restaurant he runs. He has a worried face, looking at the funerary urn which someone left at his restaurant. His customers also talk about the funerary urn. Four friends set out by boat for an idyllic vacation on a private, remote island. But unknown to them, a weaponized shark has escaped from a top secret military lab nearby, a shark that was genetically engineered with hate in its blood, and programmed to hunt any human within range. Now, these friends must band together to battle an all new brand of predator who will stop at nothing to remain at the top of the food chain. When an aspiring rapper goes viral for the wrong reasons, he thinks his career is sunk. But a wild party gives him one more chance to make it right. When his new album fails to sell records, pop/rap superstar Conner4real goes into a major tailspin and watches his celebrity high life begin to collapse. He'll try anything to bounce back, anything except reuniting with his old rap group The Style Boyz. A misfit group of World War II American soldiers goes AWOL to rob a bank behind German lines.  Tired of life, Martin returns to live with his romantic father and idealist little brother Gabriel.Martin will try hard to warn Gabriel about falling in love until Mathilde - a gambler - enter the picture... After an eviction notice, a mother teaches her three children, that even in adversity, they must always look forward. She starts up a restaurant business, but it does not work. Then Magdalena has another idea: to make a film. Is it fun to be panda? May be... But not for Misha whose job is to work as a panda during birthday parties. During a late night taping of "Dr. Nasty's Cavalcade of Horror", bloody chaos takes place during the screening of two features ("Dinner for Monsters" and "Slit"). Samantha/Nurse Nasty is frustrated by how the show is being run by its womanizing director and its drunk and crazy host Dr. Nasty. A mysterious college professor, Simon Conjurer guides a group of dysfunctionals on a journey of self discovery, as they become the focus of a murder investigation when Simon is framed by his rival, Dr. Crazx (Jon Voight), a Pulitzer prize winning psychiatrist with an unsavory vendetta and a knack for twisted mind games. Nuria is a young girl with a good life, a boyfriend to marry him and a parents who love her, but a problem: she still is married with Jorge. Former CEO, Jorge lives almost in the ruin together his ex boss and friend Lucas. After two years separated, Jorge doesn't forget her, but Nuria tries to ask him files for divorce when she wrongly discovers that Jorge has tried to commit suicide jumping by a window. Feeling responsible by it, Nuria talks with her parents Miguel and Patricia, according cheat Jorge for that he beliefs that they aren't divorced and Miguel didn't lose his company due to the Jorge's bad business inversions that ruined his parents-in-law, in order to get the divorce without pain for anybody. The real problem is what when the lies accumulate, the situation is each time more dangerously out of control. A mild-mannered father is transformed into a killing machine after his family is torn apart by a violent act. Recovering from the death of his wife, Phillip Rose finds himself in middle age as a single parent. After a clumsy episode on a dance floor at a house party, he begins dance classes with a young teacher. The hotel Chateau de la Reine is located in Paris, France and it is considered the finest hotel there. The hotel has been in existence for 300 years. Tourists from all around the world want to stay at the Chateau de la Reine. A travel agency, which is teetering on bankruptcy, devises a plan to revive their company. They want to offer suite rooms at the Chateau de la Reine for night and day periods. The plan appears perfect, but the tourists who made reservations have tempers. Hans Wagner lives in a small apartment, taking pills and drinking whiskey to fight his anxiety disorders. When he runs out of both his drugs one day, he has no choice but travel to the supermarket sober. An unexpected adventure begins . Inspired by true events, this film takes place in Rwanda in the 1990s when more than a million Tutsis were killed in a genocide that went mostly unnoticed by the rest of the world. Hotel owner Paul Rusesabagina houses over a thousand refuges in his hotel in attempt to save their lives. Oscar thinks he's special. He isn't. He thinks it's everyone else's fault. It's not. Moving to London, he gives himself a year to break into showbiz, but ends up waylaid by the same old problems: friendships, flings, and finding ultimate fulfillment. Say what you like, but it's tough being Chubby Funny. TV MX, the most powerful Mexican Television Corporation, discloses a scandalous story involving Governor Carmelo Vargas in serious crimes and illicit business. Governor Vargas worried about his political future, decides to clean his image and negotiates a billionaire secret agreement with the owners of the TV Corporation. Carlos Rojo, an ambitious young news producer, and Ricardo Diaz, TV network star reporter, are responsible for making a dirty campaign to change the image the public has of the corrupt Governor and make him, at any cost, a political star and a great presidential candidate. Mexican Television believes that democracy is a farce and has already placed one President... Will they do it again? Dolf is a regular guy from a modest background in Knysna. He is content with his normal small town existence, his group of friends and his eccentric grandparents. His life is thrown upside down when he falls for a beautiful stranger Stephanie, a somewhat wealthy visitor to the sleepy coastal resort. What she has not been honest about, is that she is engaged to the Prince of Lichtenstein, but has a cold feet, and is hiding out in Knysna. Stephanie is drawn to the simplicity of Dolf's life and yearns for her own to be as uncomplicated and away from the limelight. When the lie becomes apparent, Dolf is conflicted. He is in love with Stephanie, but also feels an inferiority complex come to the fore. She is just a girl wanting a guy to love her and for her to love him back. Ulas, the son of a music-lover father tries to declare his love to Irem with a mix tape he's put together. However, they fall apart and it takes him 10 years to complete this declaration. 10 years later, Ulas who has become a music critic meets Irem by coincidence and yet it will take them another decade to get together. A conservative Indian family experiences a culture shock when it agrees to participate in a Canadian wedding. Jamie is a 26-year-old musician, which isn't as cool as you'd think. When his band breaks up, he's left with no money, no career, and no girlfriend. Now he teaches piano at a soul-destroying music school. Will he take a risk and follow his dreams? Or will he surrender to his new-found unhappiness and play it safe? It's okay to feel intimidated - it's one night out with four talented women who are probably smarter than you, most likely sexier than you and definitely funnier than you. Top comediennes and close friends Amy Schumer, Rachel Feinstein, Nikki Glaser and Marina Franklin come together in New York City for a special evening of killer comedy and sharp humor that will have you doubled over with laughter and begging for more. College freshman Si-ying gets a part-time job at "Cafe. Waiting. Love" coffee shop, where she befriends Abusi, a tomboyish barista who can make any coffee the customers request, the beautiful and mysterious cafe owner, and Zeyu, the boy who always sits in the same spot in the cafe who seems to be very popular with girls and on whom Si-ying develops an instant crush. After being taunted at a coffee shop, a timid young man enlists his two best friends to help him track his newfound bully down and put him in his place. They do just that, but misguided machismo then fuels an ensuing battle of wills. Ever since he was a child, the seventeen-yearold Edoardo has suffered from a malformation of the foreskin that stops him from masturbating and makes him insecure and ill at ease with girls. Shut up in his sexless microcosm, Edoardo reacts with irritation to the pressures of the outside world, which do nothing but exacerbate his insecurity. Forced against his will to emerge from the shadows in which he has hidden for years, Edoardo will initially try to solve his problem by clumsy stratagems before finding, at last, the courage to face his own fears. Emma, a high school student, is up to her ears in failures and with domestic problems. When Emma fails the year and gets a new schoolmate Taja, she becomes lively and strats playing truant. Parents jointly set her one condition. She should take up an activity that will fill up her time. While wondering about an activity like that, she beholds a poster that invites to an audition for school television. She decides to give it a try. The creation of programmes, socializing with peers who have goals, new sympathies emerge simultaneously with the world of competitiveness and jealousy. Will she get around in the world she didn't know before? Frank is the type of guy who takes pride in his work, and wants nothing more than a clear mind to focus on his career. This is completely wrecked when his friend Jeff turns up in the early hours of the morning, calling on an old favour they both drunkenly agreed too. He's got a dead body, and wants some help - no questions asked. Since 2006 Ruthe produces videos for his own youtube channel. After a night of drinking, Adam Hutcherson stumbles out of the closet to his three straight buddies.  A disruption to their dynamic which they now must try and overcome through alcohol, Tinder dates and forgiveness. It's the hope that sustains the spirit of every GI: the dream of the day when he will finally return home. For three WWII veterans, the day has arrived. But for each man, the dream is about to become a nightmare. Captain Fred Derry is returning to a loveless marriage; Sergeant Al Stephenson is a stranger to a family that's grown up without him; and young sailor Homer Parrish is tormented by the loss of his hands. Can these three men find the courage to rebuild their world? Or are the best years of their lives a thing of the past? A brave warrior fights to restore peace to a town riddled by crime, one sword at a time, in this historical action saga. Poshter Boyz is a humorous take on a key social issue where three ordinary individuals of completely different age-groups find themselves brought together in an unwanted situation that has a serious negative effect on their well-settled happily progressing life. It revolves around an incident of three ordinary people who, to their surprise, find their pictures on a poster promoting vasectomy and how that error changes their lives around. Laced with a very interesting and well rounded music and background score, the film explores the journey of these three men through these trying times and their fight for justice. Josh McManus, a traveling salesman with a cloudy past, finds himself in a dusty West Texas town at the wrong time. After a crippling series of earthquakes throws the entire world into chaos, a traveling salesman will have to fight his way through a vicious outlaw biker gang known as the Barbarians to get home to his family. The television movie is set in the city of Dimmsdale and centers on the series' main protagonist Timmy Turner with his fairy godparents Cosmo and Wanda and his fairy godbrother Poof. In the movie, Timmy is now 23 years old but is still in fifth grade with his fairy-obsessed fifth grade teacher Mr. Crocker. Despite being grown up, Timmy finds a loophole in the fairy rulebook Da Rules: if he continues to act like a kid, he will still get to keep his fairies. However, the dilemma rises when Tootie, who was once a dorky girl when she was 10 years old, returns to Dimmsdale as an attractive woman. Timmy falls in love with her, a sign that he is growing up to an adult, which means he is closer to losing his fairies. Meanwhile, an oil business tycoon named Hugh J. Magnate, Jr., who teams up with Mr. Crocker, plans to use Timmy's fairies' magic in order to promote his oil business. In this retelling of the classic tale, Aladdin is an out of work indie-rock singer living in a video-game-world ruled by a perverted technology-obsessed Sultan. Aadama Jaichomada is a Tamil comedy film directed by Badri and produced by B&C films about corruption in cricket. The film stars Karunakaran, Bobby Simha, and Vijayalakshmi. Loukyam is a 2014 Telugu film written by Sridhar Seepana and directed by Sriwass which features Gopichand and Rakul Preet Singh in the lead roles. It is produced by V. Anand Prasad on Bhavya Creations banner. (Wikipedia) Raja (Raghava Lawrence), a native of Coutrallam, is a happy-go-lucky-youngster. Tragedy strike his life when his father loses his hand when a doctor in an inebriated condition operates on him. As expected his father is gagged by cops and lawyers. They assault him. In his death bed, his father gets a promise that he would make his three brothers into a cop, lawyer and doctor. Though Raja realises his mission, he falls for his own acts. The trio (who become doctor, policeman and a lawyer) gang up with a baddie Shyla (Mumtaj), a gangster, who rises to become a Minister. It is up to Raja to end their atrocities and teach them a lesson. Sapthamashree Thaskaraha is a Malayalam film directed and written by Anil Radhakrishnan Menon starring Prithviraj Sukumaran and Reenu Mathews in lead roles. The film, which will be produced by Prithviraj himself along with director Santosh Sivan and entrepreneur Shaji Nadesan under August Cinema, also stars Asif Ali, Sanusha, Neeraj Madhav, Nedumudi Venu and Mangolian artist Flower Battsetseg.  A friendship is formed between 7 inmates in Viyoor Central Jail. Each of them has their own 'tragic story' about how they got in prison. When they find out that some of them have a common enemy, a ruthless businessman named Payas, they plan a heist to extract all of Payas' black money hidden in a locker  PuCCa is a broadcaster. When she applies for a new job, she meets a man City police surround a building attempting to capture a suspected murder. The suspect knows there is no escape but refuses to give in.  Aanmodderfakker is a coming-of-age film, but 15 years too late. The film is about the 32-year old student Thijs who fils his life with beer, chicks and working in a large electronics store. But then something grows between Thijs and Lisa, the 16-year old baby-sitter at Thijs' sister. A portrait of the relations between neighbours in a Lisbon courtyard. A story made of small episodes of humour, friendship, rivalry, love. In this dark comedy, a young woman has her quiet life turned upside down when she receives an empty coffin in the mail. She then sets off on a twisting journey to find out who sent it and why. Comedy about a muslim and how is (expected) to behave. In the old industrial neigbourghood St-Henri, the young and colorful Clara meets a clueless Latino-american man searching for the house of the book Bonheur d'occasion, written by Gabrielle Roy. Veggie pals Laura Carrot and Junior Asparagus have a big job to do...save their beloved Celery Park from being destroyed! All hope of saving the park seems lost until the group remembers that God forgives without question, so why can't they do the same? Will the band reunite to save Celery Park? Find out in this groovy, music-filled VeggieTales adventure.  - Written by Anonymous   A post-pandemic tale of a heroic webcam idol. Fourteen hundred years ago, a tormented soul walked the earth that was neither man nor god. Hercules was the powerful son of the god king Zeus, for this he received nothing but suffering his entire life. After twelve arduous labors and the loss of his family, this dark, world-weary soul turned his back on the gods finding his only solace in bloody battle. Over the years he warmed to the company of six similar souls, their only bond being their love of fighting and presence of death. These men and woman never question where they go to fight or why or whom, just how much they will be paid. Now the King of Thrace has hired these mercenaries to train his men to become the greatest army of all time. It is time for this bunch of lost souls to finally have their eyes opened to how far they have fallen when they must train an army to become as ruthless and blood thirsty as their reputation has become. Sang-min is living in Hyung-min's house. One day, Hyung-min brings home his girlfriend So-mi and says she'll be living with her. So-mi looks younger than Sang-min and he witnesses his brother impose physical violence on her. Actually, Hyung-min had brought her home because she had nowhere else to go after the stocks crashed and he was paying off her debts. She'd put her hands on Bitcoin once again and he was only trying to persuade her out of it, but Sang-min had gotten the wrong idea. So-mi was sad and drunk and Sang-min ends up having sex with her. Hyung-min witnesses this, but pretends not to know. Sang-min slowly abandons his girlfriend, Jung-hyun, who comes to his house because she can't get a hold of him. Alone at home, Sang-min tells her about his relationship with So-mi and makes a secret suggestion. Three friends enact an innocent revenge on one's rapist but things spiral out of control resulting in the deaths of each of their lovers. After his son dies, an elderly man comes back to Spain from the US and hopes to find out which of his granddaughters is true, and which one is bastard. Kakekomi tells the stories of Edo women in the 1800s that escape abusive husbands and lovers by taking refuge in Tokeiji, a monastery in Kamakura. This comedy of the absurd is set in the Nazi puppet Independent State of Croatia (NDH) during World War II. The hero, Ljiljan is a young peasant poet who joins the Partisan movement just before it falls apart, abandoned by its leader Tito. The last remaining hope for resisting Nazism is to assassinate Hitler. Ljiljan's task is to write a song that will allow his Partisan band to infiltrate the inner sanctum of the SS - by entering an SS talent show. If they win the competition, they will be invited to perform before Hitler and the NDH's high command. This is a satirical coming-of-age tale with a difference, capturing the craziness, comedy and horror of war in the Balkans. This show was filmed live on October 9, 2005 at Obras Stadium, Buenos Aires, Argentina before a rabid audience of over 25,000 fans. The 90-plus minute film features songs encompassing MEGADETH's career, ranging from their 1986 album Peace Sells...But Who's Buying through 2004's The System Has Failed . "This was one of the greatest nights of my life," says MEGADETH founder and frontman DAVE MUSTAINE . "I am glad I was able to document it and share it with you. 'That One Night' is a lesson in metal fanaticism by some of the best participating, most frenzied, and intense concert-goers in the world! A brilliant and misunderstood Iranian writer struggles to pursue his ambitious goal of bringing together Metallica and Kabul Dreams, Afghanistan's first rock band. Spoiled 21-year-old Luce Lockhart faces a tough decision when a handsome new friend asks her to help protect a dog park from her wealthy employer. The city needs heroes. Darkness has settled over New York City as Shredder and his evil Foot Clan have an iron grip on everything from the police to the politicians. The future is grim until four unlikely outcast brothers rise from the sewers and discover their destiny as Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. The Turtles must work with fearless reporter April and her wise-cracking cameraman Vern Fenwick to save the city and unravel Shredder's diabolical plan. Comedian Bonnie McFarlane dons her investigative journalist's hat to find out once and for all if women are funny and report her unbiased findings in what some are calling the most important documentary of our generation. Clips from Horror Films. An Irish road movie in space. Two down and out shuttle pilots take an important cargo from the Moon to Earth and all goes wrong. Along the way they discover they are not who they think they are forcing them to rethink their lives. Thirty-year-old Hlynur still lives with his mother and spends his days drinking, watching porn and surfing the net while living off unemployment checks. A girl is interested in him, but he stands back from commitment. His mother's Spanish flamenco teacher, Lola, moves in with them for Christmas. On New Year's Eve, while his mother is away, Hlynur finds out Lola is a lesbian, but also ends up having sex with her. He soon finds out he and his mother are sharing more than a house. Eventually he must find out where he fits into the puzzle, and how to live life less selfishly. Balan, a columnist, falls in love with his schoolmate, Sheela. What happens when Balan comes to know that Sheela is in a relationship with Rahul? The Godfather of Gore, Herschell Gordon Lewis makes his long awaited return to the genre that he is given credit for inventing in "Herschell Gordon Lewis' BloodMania".  "BloodMania" is a horror anthology consisting of four segments. Herschell has co-written one segment and will direct two.  Each segment has its own unique style and feel, but all contain the signature gore that has come to be associated with Mr. Lewis' work.  The film is being released by Diabolique Films, the film division of the critically acclaimed Diabolique Magazine, an established leader in the horror print industry.  "Herschell Gordon Lewis' BloodMania" is Mr. Lewis' gift to his many fans, and fans of the "Splatter" genre alike.  Directed by Herschell Gordon Lewis, Kevin Littlelight and Melanie Reinboldt. Two pranksters who wreak havoc late at night in the horror ensemble "3AM" now return with their own feature-length movie.  Karan and Tee are the two business owners who worked overtime late into the night, played horror pranks on their employees, only to be scared the lives out of them by the real ghosts haunting their office. They survived that horrifying episode in "3AM" but have suffered certain aftermaths. Now Karan and Tee cannot take the elevator at night. They are paranoid and keep checking if the person working near them is human and not a ghost. But something remains the same: they still have to work overtime late into the night, and they still can't help pulling the legs of their employees with their latest tricks. A training film showing police officers how to deal with persons who are mentally ill. A man travels to another city for his sister's funeral to try to find out why she killed herself. He discovers that she is actually a vampire and returns from the dead to take revenge on her family. Hailey attends her niece's school recital only to learn that the beloved music teacher has vanished. Hailey soon discovers several startling secrets amongst the staff, as well as a link between the missing young teacher and the school's reconstruction funds. As the winning artist of the 2008 Film London Jarman Award, Luke Fowler was commissioned to produce four short films for 3 Minute Wonder, Channel 4s shorts strand.  The four films premiered on Channel 4 over four consecutive nights in April 2009. Entitled, Anna, Helen, David and Lester, they are a series of portraits of four diverse individuals brought together through a shared residence - a flat in a Victorian tenement in the West End of Glasgow. Composer: Lee Patterson   Two co-dependent sisters, a recovering sex addict and a lonely lesbian who work as hotel maids in Fresno, go to ludicrous lengths to cover up an accidental crime. Roger, a straight-laced politician has big plans to propose to his dream girl at her family's lake house. But everything goes awry when he meets his potential brother-in-law Todd: a full-time camp counselor with a heart of gold and a wild sense of fun, pining to be Roger's best friend, and ultimately catapulting him into a series of unfortunate events. As Roger tries to take a stand amidst outrageous fishing excursions, propulsive water jetpacks and American history-themed musicals, he realizes that being a part of a new family may be more difficult than he'd thought. After she spends all her money, an evil enchantress queen schemes to marry a handsome, wealthy prince. There's just one problem - he's in love with a beautiful princess, Snow White. Now, joined by seven rebellious dwarves, Snow White launches an epic battle of good vs. evil... A look back at some of the funniest presidential moments in history. De Kampioenen are about to celebrate their 25th anniversary and want their long-lost original trainer to join them. Meanwhile, an old enemy is released from prison and enters a quest for revenge. After a nearly fatal overdose, a young man with multiple personality disorder attempts to go one week without his medication. Lane Speer is a 16 year old girl who spends her family vacations camping in the mountains. She takes the memories for granted until she loses her father to an unexpected bout with cancer. Only a year later, as Lane is still reeling from her father's death, he mother remarries a guy that Lane hardly knows. Worst of all, he is a Mormon. To top it off, while they are on their honeymoon, they arrange to have her stay with her Mormon step-aunt who takes her away to a bible-themed girls camp with a bunch of young Mormon girls. Confronted with memories of camping with her family, she tries to find peace with her new surroundings and deal with the death of her father. A volatile young married couple moves from Los Angeles to Vermont in search of a geographical marriage fix.  An unromantic comedy about the perils of staying together when you should really be apart. Two young and broke guys concoct an online contest scheme to get sexy females to submit their selfie for $25 a pop. They start by offering a $1,000 cash prize but as things go wrong and expenses balloon they ultimately inflate the prize to $1 million in order to attract more contestants.  A single mother in London's Camden Town hears music when she meets a handsome stranger with a past. But she's not sure she's ready to open her heart. A young man is forced to pretend to be his estranged gay brother in order to keep a major business from falling through. Though he has always hated his brother, the young man gains a new appreciation as he lives his brother's life. Heitor is a bachelor who shoots fancy weddings for a living, but gets in trouble when he meets Penelope, a woman desperate to stop her lover's wedding. In the Cuba of these times, where everyone sells something, the young Nacar wants to sell her only property, the family vault. Hurricane Bianca is a revenge comedy about a New York teacher who moves to a small town in Texas, gets fired for being gay, and returns disguised in drag to get revenge on the people who were nasty to him. Jagjinder Joginder, a wedding planner, brings together the dysfunctional family of businessman Bipin Arora while making arrangements for Bipin's daughter's destination wedding in London. A Comedy about the only two guys left in Silicon Valley who have nothing to do with technology. War hero turned villain George Martin escapes from prison, but he is handcuffed to a naive young crook Willie Stannard. After using a clever plan to obtain railway tickets, and with the police, and the press in hot pursuit, George has to find a way of breaking loose from Willie, and to make his escape. Reggie and Troy travel to Paris with Troy's wife Piper and her sister Paula. When they return, Reggie decides to give a relationship with Lucky a try after she changed her mind about wanting to have kids. But Paula becomes suspicious when she starts finding out the truth about Lucky... is she hiding something? Kirk is enjoying the annual Christmas party extravaganza thrown by his sister until he realizes he needs to help out Christian, his brother-in-law who has a bad case of the bah-humbugs. Lowell Brown, aka Mr. Presto, is a struggling children's magician who subscribes to a free-spirited philosophy while living out of his van. His brother Ray is a straight-laced, no-nonsense high school guidance counselor. When Lowell is mistaken for a hit man who is hired to kill a local small town politician, the brothers are uprooted and brought together in a tailspin adventure. Aranmanai is about a family that wants to sell their ancestral home. The supernatural elements they discover there in the aranmanai (palace) lead to some bone-chilling moments. A hardware store employee's first night on the job is disrupted by the discovery of a dead body and a duffel bag full of cash. In the Australian Outback, two brothers discover old secrets and family lies. As their friends start to go missing they fear they are being stalked by someone or something from their worst nightmares - But is it just - A story? A legend? A hoax? Or is it real? An underground trivia legend in NYC lives in the shadows. He faces a mysterious unbeaten game show from his past when he battles his rival to reclaim the greatness he once had. One dark foggy London night, someone tries to strangle Lord Montague, but he escapes. Only to discover the four other men who did get killed were old regimental comrades in Gallipoli. When Scotland Yard gets Monty to gather the other nine surviving officers at his home, one of them is murdered, and no one else has entered the house. Now, they must determine who the murderer is. Handsome but backward gardener Tim Melville has a new woman in his life. She is Mary, his widowed employer, a woman who had given up on love until she had found Tim. At first they are friends. But soon they become lovers, as Mary, drawn to Tim's innocence and magnetism, begins to teach him all about life - and love. Po and the Furious Five uncover the legend of three of kung fu's greatest heroes: Master Thundering Rhino, Master Storming Ox, and Master Croc. The first child star of cinema gives a shivering girl half his cloak and learns that half a coat against the cold does not help much.  LISTOPAD is a tale about the adventures of three teenage boys who become swept up in the 'Velvet Revolution' of 1989. Hannah Dowd is on her way to marry her fiance, but is interrupted by a lone traveler, Darrell Sanders, who is on the run from "the agency". A repressed young woman develops a fascination for pornography and voyeurism while selling tickets to adult movies. The story of one man not only battling the bottle, but the city that won't let him put it down. Oregon, a small town near the sea, around 1870. Henry, a grieving man who aspires to preach as a way to overcome his unfortunate past, reunites with eccentric pioneer Samuel Alabaster, who has hired him to officiate at his marriage to the precious Penelope. What Henry ignores is that both must embark on a dangerous journey through the inhospitable wilderness to meet her. Introducing a short animation called Light Man - Superhero, with a series of adventures that form an intense introduction to Light Man and Light Woman, and their adventures within New York City. It is an elegantly simple and fun animation to see, giving a glimpse in to the daily adventures of this popular 'Superhero'. Ayane is the daughter of a karaage (fried food) store owner, but she never liked karaage. Eventually, she left home, only to return 5 years later. Her family lives in the city of Usa in Oita Prefecture, Japan. She brings with her a young girl named Shirley, who is her step-daughter from her ex-husband.  An anthology feature film that will honestly explore the ups and downs and intricacies of love and romance within the L.G.B.T. community, a drama that will make you laugh, and a comedy that will bring tears to your eyes. It's a film that will prove no matter what community you belong to; life and love are always confusing. The year is 1943. An all-female and top-secret department of the SS, run by the notorious Gisela Nussbaum in a secret Gestapo headquarters, conducts medical and biotechnolocical experiments with blood from Norwegian resistance fighters, which is said to hold the key to the Norwegians' unwavering unity and courage. On the eve of the biggest dirt bike competition of the year, underdog and utterly unique human Donnie Dumphy looses the love of his life, runs into a crazy cast of characters and takes us on a tour of the real St. John's, Newfoundland. On an isolated island, a small group of people are terrorized by giant voracious shrews in the midst of a hurricane. During the height of summer, Caroline, a forty-year-old Parisian and mother, arrives in a small village in the south of France. She must hastily organize the funeral of her mother, a flighty lawyer, whom she barely used to see. Caroline is welcomed by Pattie, who likes to talk about her love affairs with the local men to anyone who'll listen. Then, while the whole valley gets ready for the traditional mid-summer dance, Caroline's mother's corpse mysteriously disappears... Gil Garcia is at the end of his life. Wounded and bleeding in a church confessional, he tells an unsuspecting Father Wade his tragic story. At a young age, Gil's father takes him to America in search of a better life, forcing him to leave the girl he loves in Mexico. Orphaned shortly after arriving, Gil is taken in by his father's only friend, Dustin, who raises Gil along with his own son, Rod. Fifteen years later, Gil &amp; Rod have yet to find their way in life, still living at home and playing basketball on the streets for money. When cancer overtakes Dustin, they are faced with a funeral bill they cannot afford. Desperately searching for a solution, Rod suggests kidnapping for ransom. Gil knows of the perfect person: a woman married to a wealthy man who would never risk the life of his loved one for the relatively small amount of money in question. But Rod doesn't know the whole truth - the woman is Desdemona, Gil's childhood love from Mexico. One day when Solange is studying the accumulated dust balls in her apartment, the doorbell rings. A delivery man claims to have a packet addressed to her. Solange is definite: it's impossible. The misunderstanding intensifies, Solange collapses. When a doctor suggests that someone watch over her for the night, her landlord accepts to do so. But he's called away on a mission and decides to find another watchman... A genuine human chain will then form so that Solange is not left alone because it seems that this relationship therapy is doing her good. On a drunk night, Shammi suggests that he and Kedar leave for America on a cruise, even though they laugh it off in that instance, in a freak accident by the sea, Kedar and Shammi who are supposed to manage a wedding baraat on a cruise, leave without the baraatis only to lose their direction and land up in Karachi, Pakistan. Two couples and two singles are confused by their enotions to each other. Single mum Meera is an Australian of Indian origin. Smart and independent, she has carved out a successful life for herself and her daughter...despite family pressure to find a 'nice Indian match'. Then Meera meets Will, a blonde, blue-eyed Aussie charmer. But falling in love with an Australian is not only scandalous - it's unIndian! Does she do what her family wishes, or follow her heart? A werewolf loose in Los Angeles changes the lives of three young adults, who, after being mauled by the beast, learn they must kill their attacker if they hope to change their fate to avoid becoming werewolves too. Fresh off a recent break-up, a woman catches an early menopause, but manages to heal herself mentally and physically through a new love.  Eric and Patrice have been friends since high school. Over the years, they have both taken very different paths: Eric has become a hedonist, has a string of girlfriends and is always on the look out for a new one; Patrice has become a monogamous father with a very ordered life. After a drunken evening, the two childhood friends find themselves cast back into 1986, when they were 17 years old. This return to the past is a dream opportunity to try to change the path their lives will take. What will they do with this second chance? Charming thirty-year-old Hanna Belkacem has inherited the gene from her parents: she is unable to say no. And as she is the Director of Human resources of a big firm such infirmity is not without its problems, particularly when she has to fire someone. The only solution she has found to be forgiven is to... get laid with the men she lays off! One day, not wanting to upset someone as she is wont to, she finds herself in a very embarrassing situation: she is mistaken for a former school-friend of a hospital doctor mourning his mother. She of course goes to bed with him. As a result, Dr. Paul Martin falls in love with her while mistaking her once again... for a prostitute this time! A normal girl, Xiao Wen, decides to enter a singing competition in order to make money to save her mother's life. In the process, Xiao Mi discovers the meaning of life. Alex, a home carer, has struck a partnership with the charming Leon, who enlists Alex to carry out petty crimes on his behalf. When Alex starts to question Leon's motives he gets caught up in a family feud that gets increasingly out of hand. With a cast of over 100 and music by some of LGBT hip hop's most luminary indies, SUBWAYS: A REQUIEM IN FIVE STAGES chronicles a young gay man's journey through depression as he deals with tragic twists and taboo love. A group of rich college brats conspire to play a prank on Jimmy Fisher, the school nerd. But when Jimmy ends up unconscious, the co-eds leave him and head out to a party. What they don't realize is that, when Jimmy wakes up, the evil inside of him triggers and he sets out for revenge as he offs his tormentors in some very original ways: exploding cigarettes, beer bottles, mops, spiked frat paddles and more. Passions re-ignite and secrets revealed when a graphic designer reconnects with the great, lost love of his life for a weekend tryst at a house in the desert near Joshua Tree.  Four girls go to a cabin in the woods, which is inhabited by evil. This cabin then ensnares them in a labyrinth of macabre as they must battle their way out. In 1980, Ayuko (Mio Yuki) is a new transfer student in Okayama from Tokyo. She doesn't have any friends and relies on her boyfriend Hideo who is a college student. Ayuko likes to draw a romance manga of herself and her boyfriend. Ayuko's classmate, Takemi (Rika Adachi), becomes a huge fan of Ayuko's manga and they become close friends. Due to an incident though, they drift apart.  30 years later, Ayuko (Yuri Shirahane) is now a manga artist and comes back to Okayama to give a lecture at her former high school. There, Ayuko meets Takemi (Kei Aran) who is now a teacher.  Based on the novel "Dere Garuzu" by Maha Harada (published August, 2011 by Shodensha). A moving, blackly comic drama about the strains in coping with ageing parents. Based on 'Death of a Man in the Balkans (2012)', an original feature film of Miroslav Momcilovic, 'Sorria, Voce Esta Sendo Filmado' ('Smile, You're Being Filmed') tells the story of a suicide, in only one shot of 80 minutes, from the perspective of a web cam which only the suicidal knew was on, giving the viewer the feeling of watching everything from his window. "From the screenplay to the shooting, we are doing a kind of reality cinema," sets this movie director Daniel Filho. Robin des Bois, with his friend Tuck, are bad guy: they only steal poor, women and old people. They dream to get they own brothel in town, like the Pussycat. They decide to rob Nottingham's tax office, but they meet the Sherwood gang - who steal to rich to feed the poors - with the same idea in mind: Robbing the Nottingham sherif. The true story of Robin des Bois can finally begins! A man in his mid 30's reevaluates his life and priorities after he met someone from his past. Takeoff on the Godfather with the son of a mafia king taking over for his dying father. After a gentle alien becomes stranded on Earth, the being is discovered and befriended by a young boy named Elliott. Bringing the extraterrestrial into his suburban California house, Elliott introduces E.T., as the alien is dubbed, to his brother and his little sister, Gertie, and the children decide to keep its existence a secret. Soon, however, E.T. falls ill, resulting in government intervention and a dire situation for both Elliott and the alien. Alone on a tiny deserted island, Hank has given up all hope of ever making it home again. But one day everything changes when a dead body washes ashore, and he soon realizes it may be his last opportunity to escape certain death. Armed with his new "friend" and an unusual bag of tricks, the duo go on an epic adventure to bring Hank back to the woman of his dreams. Midori is a struggling wedding photographer in Kona, Hawaii. Her small world in thrown off balance when Seiko, her judgmental sister comes to visit from Japan.  As the sisters travel the island together the reason for Seiko's visit gradually becomes and old grudges and mistrust begin to surface.  'Midori in Hawaii' is a small, breezy comedy that explores the nature of memory and the lifelong relationship between siblings. While evaluating her for his $100,000 grant, Thomas Stevens, a multimillionaire falls for the pastry chef that he believes stole his mother's bakery. Harry Potter has lived under the stairs at his aunt and uncle's house his whole life. But on his 11th birthday, he learns he's a powerful wizard -- with a place waiting for him at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. As he learns to harness his newfound powers with the help of the school's kindly headmaster, Harry uncovers the truth about his parents' deaths -- and about the villain who's to blame. A group of career criminals finds itself trapped in a warehouse with the law - and an Attack Dog named DeNiro closing in.  Two aspiring academics and best friends take a road trip through Wisconsin to compete for the same university teaching job.  License at 80 ( Zhang Jingchu ) , after waking up one morning , walked leisurely into Civil Affairs and had a flash marriage. On the way back even a BMW collided with a double whammy , home of the license was starting to review their sad sad one place : youth is gone , her husband derailment, cleanse the family , the vehicle was destroyed .  Kang wealthy few ( Kenji Wu ) to permit the emergence of life hit a shot in the arm , in helpless staged a " foreign land refresher ," the idea that drama , the both of them repeatedly in the territories, license step by step this boy was found behind uninhibited look soft and delicate heart , but a glance at his flat chest and the elderly on account of this , the license has been reluctant to react , but who knows hitting girlfriends hairy ( Zhu beadwork ) love at first sight . Young Min and Mi Young are young couple who get married after graduating from college. Following the honeymoon period, they begin to bicker with each other. While waiting for her husband at a cafe one day, Mi Young bumps into her ex-boss. Young Min sees this and gets the wrong idea. As they struggle to make their marriage work, Young Min and Mi Young gradually understand what love really is. The story is set in 1947, following a long-retired Holmes living in a Sussex village with his housekeeper and rising detective son. But then he finds himself haunted by an unsolved 50-year old case. Holmes' memory isn't what it used to be, so he only remembers fragments of the case: a confrontation with an angry husband, a secret bond with his beautiful but unstable wife. Young man from Kansas goes to New York to work for his tycoon-hero. His superiors won't listen to his ideas about business, but the boss and his daughter do. Mirabelle and her traveling family band, the Veggietones, are determined to make their next gig at Vegtable Square Garden. On their journey, a fierce winter snowstorm hits, and the family gets stuck at a run-down resort! Mr. Beet, the grumpy manager makes me sing - and clean - for their supper. Why is Mr. Beet such a beast? And can Mirabelle's kindness change him? Find out in this hilarious and heartwarming tale of unconditional love! Akpos wins a 30-day holiday for two to Atlanta, Georgia. He takes his cousin (Richard), an IT specialist on the all- expense paid trip. Akpos flung his unique personality, showing-off his smartness and foolishness in an exciting mix of rhetoric andwitty humour.  The outrageous life of Reagan Collins, a model high school student with a "killer" after-school job that involves arranging "accidents" for his classmates' parents. When seasoned police detective Cliff Dawkins starts putting the pieces together, it's a battle of wits to see if Reagan can keep business booming. Angels with Tethered Wings is an unusual, quirky and erotic three-part drama - a back-from-the-grave revenge flick about hope and forgiveness! The film follows what happens when a good man does a bad thing for a good reason. He tries to right a wrong by freeing two young lovers but instead forever entraps them to their mortal coils. In the end their collective love for each other will give an almost perfect stranger the wings to fly. A young painter takes up French lessons with an elder lady to ensure he'll get a grant for a French arts institute. That way he meets Anna, a beautiful married woman nursing the lady's old father, and falls in love with her. Harry will do anything to be a musician, but it takes a junk collector to discover his hidden talents. Pia, a typical "Mumbai" girl, makes her first ever day trip to Delhi and agrees to meet a possible match for marriage on her mother's insistence. She lands in Delhi determined to reject the guy after meeting him because after all he's from "Delhi". However, as it turns out she loses her phone while fighting with an auto driver and meets Goli Kohli, a witty "Delhi" boy who grudgingly agrees to help her. One thing leads to another and they end up spending the entire day together. They fight, they argue, they laugh and share a lifetime of emotions in one day. When they meet in the morning they are strangers with strong biases about Mumbai &amp; Delhi, when they part in the evening, the biases have turned into affection for each other's quirks and finally, love. A wealthy young man is conned into staging a fake kidnapping in order to be a hero and win the affection of a girl he's madly in love with. But when one of the hired kidnappers is accidentally killed during the charade, he's forced to actually save her life while not revealing that it's been a ruse all along. A young doctor decides to expose the inhuman working conditions in a factory run by a selfish owner. Attempts are made on her life, but two aimless drifters whom she encounters on a train come to her rescue. Documentary - 28 year old Steve Dezember learns that he has been diagnosed with ALS. Knowing that he has little time he proposes to his girlfriend of six months, Hope. The newlyweds try to cram in as much living as possible while Steve can still walk, talk, eat, and breath on his own. Along the way they are befriend by artists and musicians including Michael Franti and Dave Matthews.  -  Steve Dezember, Hope Dezember, Phyllis Dezember On a vacation to Paris, a young photographer meets and falls for a French girl who invites him to experience more of what France has to offer. Without warning a father comes to visit his daughter abroad. He believes that she lost her humor and therefore surprises her with a rampage of jokes. A comedic thriller that re-imagines Mark Twain's iconic literary characters of "Huckleberry Finn" and "Tom Sawyer" as grown men in current day.  Three kids sneak into a closed-up amusement park after hearing rumors that infamous gangster Al Capone once buried treasure there. However, soon after arriving the attractions roar to life, and the kids must enlist the help of a witch in order to survive the night. "A Christmas Carol" turns into "A Christmas Corral" as the animals of Woodsley's Farm help Oliver and his little sister June stage the classic tale to shock their Dad into embracing the spirit of the holidays.  Nail-biting stunts abound in this documentary, which includes video of some true daredevils. This episode includes the only footage of a B.A.S.E. (Building, Antennae, Span, Earth) leap from New York City's World Trade Center. Also featured are men riding giant logs down a mountain, a woman with no safety line on an airplane wing and the tragic result when a group of friends jumps from a Florida bridge and their cable snaps. This action comedy is about an awkward movie star, Angel (Debbie Goh) who accidentally becomes a Triad leader in an intense election war among 4 main Triads in Petaling Street. Media makes a lot of coverage of this new Triad leader, exposing her for assassination. While she tries to hide from her assassin, she bumps into a restaurant owner Xie Da Xiang (Chen Han Wei) who is her ex-boyfriend... Recorded live at the Cocoanut Grove in Los Angeles, Roy is joined by an eclectic ensemble of rock and roll superstars including Jackson Browne, Elvis Costello, T-Bone Burnett, J.D. Souther, Jennifer Warnes, k.d. lang, Bonnie Raitt, Bruce Springsteen and Tom Waits. A mockumentary that takes place in the cut throat world of stand-up comedy. It follows the struggles one comic faces as he gives his dream one last shot. "Homely Meals" is an entertainer starring Atlee Srindha Ashab, Manoj K. Jayan, Nedumudi Venu, Kailash, Sudheer Karamana, Joju, Neeraj Madhav and Sijoy Varghese in pivotal roles. In the continuation of Popoy and Basha's love story from "One More Chance," we find the couple walking down the aisle and vowing to love each other "forever and ever." "A Second Chance" explores realities and intricacies and Popoy and Basha's married life. We find Popoy as a failed achiever, struggling to keep his business and self-esteem intact, while Basha has given up so much in her life to keep their marriage together. A comedy about a family that's crazy for Christmas. Except for the 16-year-old daughter -- her family's over-the-top Christmas celebrations have made her life miserable. When her long distance boyfriend decides to visit for the holidays, she's determined to spare him her family's Christmas obsession, so she hires actors to play her parents and stages a fake Christmas dinner in the empty house next door. What could go wrong? A domestic comedy about a couple who take in boarders to pay the rent on their large house. An Iranian family survives the shah and the ayatollah and moves to France. This story follows the family through it all. Despite the politics, revolution, prison, beatings, assassinations and suicides this is a comedy. Argentina 2014 Two brothers, desperate to break into the world of television and film, decide to enter a horror movie contest. And what could be more horrifying than the elusive snuff film? After security expert Ray Breslin is hired to rescue the kidnapped daughter of a Hong Kong tech mogul from a formidable Latvian prison, Breslin's girlfriend is also captured. Now he and his team must pull off a deadly rescue mission to confront their sadistic foe and save the hostages before time runs out. Gabriell is a single mother, her 17-year-old daughter Claire is pregnant, however the child's father Simon has no desire to be involved with his future baby. When Gabrielle takes matters into her own hands and asks Simon's father Ange for help, an unexpected relationship begins.  Three childhood friends relaunch a mineral water factory in Guinea.  The immature Wyne (32) starts a football team to rebel against all her friends who's lives have become dull and boring since either giving birth or becoming pregnant. However, she threatens to lose everything through unexpected events. A woman enters a quirky mental health clinic after attempting suicide upon finding out her husband is having an affair with her best friend. John Morales, one of the most influential producers of the disco and dance music scenes, was responsible for more than 700 mixes and productions during the 1970s and 1980s, and was the creator, along with Tom Moulton, of "club mixes" and the extended 12-inch single. Filmed in New York, Ibiza and Lanzarote, the film is a biographical portrait that includes Morales discussing music and life with his friends and collaborators Louie Vega, Danny Krivit, DJ Spinna and DJ Spen. Now in his sixties, we see him here more passionate than ever about playing and making music and sharing it with the world. A low-level mobster takes a stab at stand-up comedy while in the Witness Protection Program. The summer season is finally over. While closing down his bed-and-breakfast, Sam is surprised by two charming women who have checked themselves in "just for a night or two." Sam lets them stay, but asks them one odd favor in return. It tells the story of two cousins   in bankruptcy, who kidnap Luis Aguile obtained assuming a large ransom and, awkwardly, ending in a small town where they will live a story that reaches beyond the madness of kidnapping. Scott, a neurotic young man, thinks he found a lump and might be dying, so he skips his friend's funeral in an attempt to start living life to the fullest.  Sabit Kanca answering questions very fast in Tv Shows. Go behind the scenes of the real JAG -- Judge Advocate General Corps -- with this revealing look at the extraordinary men and women who straddle the line between soldiers and lawyers. Responsible for enforcing the international rules of war and regulations of the military branches they serve, JAGs face challenges from every angle possible. The program traces the organization's history and duties and offers a glimpse of daily life in the corps. Ichiko is a 30-year-old unemployed woman. She meets Ryoichi at a drinking establishment. Even though he is a lot younger than her, she can't forget him. Meanwhile, Ichiko has 5 different characters in her brain that governs her actions. The 5 characters are Yoshida, Ishibashi, Ikeda, Hatoko and Kishi. These 5 character then have a fierce meeting.  Yoshida presides over the meeting as the chairman. Ishibashi is the optimist. Ikeda is the pessimist. Hatoko is the character that lives in the moment and Kishi thinks about the past. An over night experience of blokes who look to have an enchanting facet of entertainment over the weekend. Ibrahim falls in love with Alexander, a blond, blue eyed German criminal and show wrestler who is straight - an impossible friendship that surpasses the both of them. Ice Cube stars as Darius Stone, a thrill-seeking troublemaker whose criminal record and extreme sports obsession make him the perfect candidate to be the newest XXX agent. He must save the U.S. government from a deadly conspiracy led by five-star general and Secretary of Defense George Deckert (played by Willem Dafoe). A giant bloodthirsty Easter bunny starts viciously killing the local townsfolk. When the Mayor refuses to act and the attacks grow more gruesome, the town finds its very survival in the hands of a wannabe actress and a crazy dog-catcher. Two young women do their best to try and save their dead aunt's bakery The inept cast and crew of a surprise hit reality-TV show travel deep into the Adirondack mountains for their second season to find proof that Bigfoot exists. Any remaining skepticism they have is ripped to pieces. Valentino and Salvo, unemployed and in search of fortune and recommendation, leave Palermo for Valentino's home town, Monteforte, where they will try to survive the Italian crisis by opening some sort of hospice. Three brothers develop an elaborate plan to recover stolen cash and go on the run. A husband and wife have been married for 50 years. For her birthday, the husband asks the wife what she wants for her birthday present. She replies that she wants a divorce. The wife's divorce announcement sends the entire family into chaos. Timid milkman, Burleigh Sullivan (Lloyd), somehow knocks out a boxing champ in a brawl. The fighter's manager decides to build up the milkman's reputation in a series of fixed fights and then have the champ beat him to regain his title. An exploration of the life and music of Miles Davis. A poignant drama that chronicles the unexpected friendship that develops between Cooper, a melancholy bartender, who at thirty-six still isn't sure what he wants to do with his life, and Daisy, an extremely bright but socially awkward girl in her early twenties. Five friends on the verge of adulthood are forced to face their hopeless future. A Todd Barry show consists of two things: amazing jokes and amazing crowd work. In September 2013, he went on a tour without the amazing jokes and did entire shows of riffing and bantering with the audience. Filmed in seven west coast cities, "Todd Barry: The Crowd Work Tour" was directed by Lance Bangs and produced by Louis CK. When notorious criminal Jacob Sternwood is forced to return to London, it gives detective Max Lewinsky one last chance to take down the man he's always been after. Rimo and Zimo are two towns that are not very far from each other, divided by a small desert. Both towns' people have stayed away from each other for a long time, feeling mutual hatred and fear. One day, two little rascals from Rimo, Bizdik and Minnik, decide to go to the desert for an adventure. Meanwhile, the Zimo Family enjoys a family picnic at the desert with their baby egg and little daughter. An aspiring actress navigates the musically comedic underbelly of Hollywood in search of fame fortune (boys) and herself. Hint: she finds one. Stan and Jenny have been each other's secret crush since high school. When they meet again years later, the fantasy of first love may keep them apart. A harsh TV personality, Jennifer, needs a break from her own life, so she hops into a car and drives to a small town mountain retreat. On her way there a blizzard veers off the road and she crashes. When she comes to she has complete amnesia and a friendly passerby takes her in. As time passes she still doesn't remember who she is and the friendly passerby, a widower himself with three kids, assimilates her into his family. But as she slowly starts remembering who she is, she prefers the new life she's built in the small town. A governor wants to be president, but in order to reach his goal he needs to do what he hates most: being a politician. In the school-set re-working of Cyrano, an awkward but imaginative pupil helps the handsome but spectacularly dim school-hero pursue the fiery daughter of a visiting French teacher. Hoping to reclaim who she was before marriage and children, an empty nester retreats to Cape Cod where she embarks upon a quest to set herself free. The movie revolves around the incidents that happen within a time span of 24 hours. Neil John Samuel (Fahadh Faasil) is the sales manager of Benz showroom. He gets a bag of money, while he returns home after the New Year party. The bag and the money originally belongs to a wealthy businessman Issac Aanakkadan (Renji Panicker), who intends to buy some precious diamonds from a group of people. Issac begin the mission to get back his lost money. At the same time, notorious goon Makudi Das (Joju George) and his group follows Neil to steal the money from him. Neil, who realizes that somebody is following him and the money in his hands, elopes to a remote village of Tamil Nadu in a truck. Rest forms the crux of the story. Taanko Bhid Gayo is a rib-tickling comedy with a definite message to the parents in general and youth in particular. This film shows, how the increasing misunderstandings, generation gap, confusions and decreasing love and affection between families-parents and children leads to becoming a big problem in their daily lives. Punjabi Movie With no place to live, two strangers are stuck house sitting together. At odds, Mary and Homer soon realize the gravity of their situation and the necessity of joining forces, making money and pulling themselves out of the emotional hole they have lived in for years. This grounded romantic dramedy explores the hidden issues we all bury beneath the surface in a raw and touching way with humor and honesty. The cast includes, Josh McDermitt from The Walking Dead, Jim O'Heir from Parks and Recreation, Adam Lustick from Harvard Sailing Team, and Fortune Feimster from Chelsea Lately. Life in Color marks Katharine Emmer's directorial debut. She also wrote, produced, edited and stars in the film. Award-winning comedian Matt Okine is black and likes chicken... but he's also chicken of some seafood. During what was supposed to be a routine fishing trip with his dad, Matt comes face-to-face with ghost fishermen, killer jellyfish, and giant squid, tackling his gravest fears, all in the hope of getting a little breakfast. An art dramatic teacher, with melancholic eyes and some sort of charge over his shoulders, manages El Sotano Club by the nights, a comedy pub and gives comedy classes to other adult people by the day. All his life changes when he meets a very special student that breaks with all his schemas. Love, that strange thing. Cady Heron is a hit with The Plastics, the A-list girl clique at her new school, until she makes the mistake of falling for Aaron Samuels, the ex-boyfriend of alpha Plastic Regina George.  Seven lives come together amid the stench of beer and tobacco smoke in an apartment block where single rooms are for rent and the bathroom is in the hall. Only friendship, mutual aid and a healthy sense of humor allow these men, scarred by self-destruction and addiction, to face the harsh reality of their lives. Is a thriller that mixes different genres and styles, from comedy to Mexican wrestling films. It follows the story of a cop with a reputation for being an idiot who jumps on the trail of a missing girl, discovering that his best friend is involved. Along the way they encounter a series of strange characters, typical inhabitants of Mexico City. Everything takes place in a day, from morning to night. The story of East London's exciting drag scene with touching personal stories at its' heart. Individuals questioning their friendships, family and personal ambitions whilst dressing up to shock the world. Four bearded, hairy rock musicians - and Belgians - bury the singer of their group. Out of friendship and to prove to itself that nothing can stop them, they decide to leave on tour to Los Angeles with its ashes. The day before the departure, a serviceman with a moustache appears as the lover of their friend. Their journey takes an at least unexpected tour ... A group of friends reunite after 30 years to climb the Mont Ventoux again. Memories to a happy youth but also new discoveries from the past. One person is not present at the reunion. Why is that? What happened? After being exposed to an ultra-rare powder, a drug dealer is met by a spiritual force that induces a life-altering ultimatum. On the tough streets of Seattle, a girl gang of she-devils takes on an Eastern European immigrant, in the style of John Waters-meets-Perfect Strangers. A new girl must prove herself worthy of joining the ranks of the ferocious gang by prevailing in cat fights and wars of words. Jam-packed with tattoos, street cred, arcade brawls, hater shades, astounded immigrant parents, bow-tied nerds, matching jackets and loitering, for a camptastic good time. A documentary about the Enron corporation, its faulty and corrupt business practices, and how they led to its fall. Reality TV show "I Am Filial" has taken Singapore by storm with its $1-million prize money for the most filial contestant. The TV show is the brainchild of producer and host, Millionaire Liu. The three finalists are Woo Yishuang, Yoona Zhuang and Peh Ah Beng, each with very different backgrounds and agenda for participating in the show. How much is filial piety worth? Can money buy filial piety?  This FDA film explores the history of hallucinogenic drugs, and specifically the effects and therapeutic uses of lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD). Combining graphics that suggest a hallucinogenic experience, snippets of interviews with users (who explain their reasons for taking the drug) and doctors, and taped sessions of research with volunteers, the film delves into the destructive as well as possible positive uses of the drug. Documentary about the work of South African intelligence agencies in Britain, with an interview with Information Secretary in the South African government, Eschel Rhoodie, and former agents. Radio funny man Adrian Cronauer is sent to Vietnam to bring a little comedy back into the lives of the soldiers. After setting up shop, Cronauer delights the G.I.s but shocks his superior officer, Sergeant Major Dickerson, with his irreverent take on the war. While Dickerson attempts to censor Cronauer's broadcasts, Cronauer pursues a relationship with a Vietnamese girl named Trinh, who shows him the horrors of war first-hand. Seven vignettes explore the difference between fantasy and reality, memory and history, and the joy and agony of the human condition. Notorious hacker Drew Reynolds is captured by the CIA and given a proposition - work for them or spend the rest of his life in prison. Agreeing on the condition that he can form his own team, he puts together a group of "throwaways" - the people deemed expendable and seemingly the worst in the organization. It's dark times for Ethan Collins, a severely depressed, foul-mouthed elementary school teacher whose wife's recent infidelity and departure have left him questioning everything in his life. A lonely plumber poses as a movie director to meet women, and the writer whose script he's stolen builds on his ruse to get her movie made. Easygoing Gianni looks forward to retirement - until he is informed that a change in the law obliges him to work three more years. Faced with the outrageous possibility of having to do a full day's work, he sets about finding a way to achieve a quiet life The world of Salvador, a young and naive petty thief is changed by the arrival of his cousin Angel, an ex-convict in search of easy money, and with a hideout. Salvador gets wrapped up in Angel's twisted dealings in an attempt to escape from his suffocating family, dragging along his family and friends, in his criminal path. Where will this all lead? THE MAYOR OF ROCK & ROLL is a full length feature film about music, love, and failure set against the backdrop of the Boston rock scene. Mona and her ex-girlfriend, Jules, broke up six months ago and they still can't manage to have a conversation that doesn't dissolve into an argument. It wouldn't be such a problem if they didn't work in neighboring retail shops and have to see each other every day. Meanwhile, something weird is going on with the residents of their small town. Some of them are getting sick, others are acting a little less human and a lot more like robots. Can Mona and Jules set aside their relationship drama long enough to avoid the body snatching invaders? They may seem like an ordinary group of people from the small town of Bear Valley, but after they risk their lives to perform heroic rescues in the rugged Sierra Mountains, it is obvious that these courageous people make up a very special team. If you've never been good at anything in your life, why would murder be any different? Patrick (David Hewlett) has always had a somewhat combative relationship with his little sister Marilyn (Kate Hewlett), but when she brings home her new sci-fi soap star fiance Ryan (Paul McGillion), it's all out war. When Patrick fails to drive a wedge between the happy couple, he reaches for sharper instruments. Unable to gain acceptance for their geeky ways back home, three friends embark on an epic journey to the apex of geekiness: Comic-Con. The various faces of youth and people in an enclosed space of a convenience store for 12 hours. The Return Of Sardaarji is a 2016 Punjabi film directed by Rohit Jugraj and starring Diljit Dosanjh and Sonam Bajwa in lead roles,The film will be released on 24 June 2016. An agoraphobic man and a female Marine become emotionally entangled as they struggle to escape from their personal prisons. Gyun-woo is having difficulty forgetting the sassy girl. He then reunites with his childhood sweetheart, an elementary school classmate from China who was often teased about her broken Korean. They marry despite family opposition, and Gyun-woo has no idea what marriage has in store for him. Slacker Ichiko gets into a fight with her younger sister and begins to live on her own, working the late shift at a 100 yen shop. On her way home, she passes a gym and meets middle-aged boxer Kano who trains there in silence... Florence and Vincent Leroy are a model couple. They have great jobs, a perfect marriage and delightful children. And now they want their divorce to be an equal success. But when they are both simultaneously promoted to their dream jobs, their relationship becomes a nightmare. From that moment on, the gloves are off, the two exes declare war and will do everything in their power to NOT have custody of their children. Despite grumpy 59 year-old Ove being deposed as president of his condominium association, but he keeps looking over the neighbourhood with an iron fist. When pregnant Parvaneh and her family move into the terraced house opposite Ove and she accidentally back into Ove's mailbox, it sets off a series of unexpected changes in his life.   An unknown South Carolina candidate inexplicably wins his U.S. Senate primary in a landslide, despite never having campaigned. Filmmaker Jason Grant Smith sets out on a personal odyssey to expose the loopholes and pitfalls of our electoral system. On the way, he opens a Pandora's box of questions about America's voting process. The first wave of an alien invasion coincides with a New Years Eve party in a Welsh valley. At night, while family members indulge in curious rituals before sleeping, a child invokes a wolf from the bottom of a box hidden under his bed. Disturbing sheep then besiege the door of his bedroom... Disconnect interweaves multiple storylines about people searching for human connection in today's wired world. Through poignant turns that are both harrowing and touching, the stories intersect with surprising twists that expose a shocking reality into our daily use of technology that mediates and defines our relationships and ultimately our lives.  A story above the three fathers who want to spend an luxurious holiday like an Emperor (the King). Jimly Lee (Wanted Criminal) has stolen famous diamond which is slipped into one the father's coat pocket. What follows next is story between four of them and the Interpol with Korea Police. Louise, a widow with two children, almost crushes a stranger with her car. She takes care of him, even if he's not really wounded. It turns out that he has mental disorders and that they can help each other much more than they thought. Holiday bus driver Mario has spent his entire life shuttling old age pensioners to the sunny south with his own travel company 'Paradise Trips'. Today, on the verge of his own retirement, Mario has to bring a motley crew of alternative partygoers to a psychedelic festival in Croatia. The journey soon turns into a fascinating trip that confronts Mario with his own prejudices and his long-lost son. Drifter, Jack, pays a visit to an old friend Frank whose mundane life is upended after the two become involved in a strange and seemingly random murder and journey up to the Northern California Sierra in order to bury the body. March 1965. In the heat of the Cold War, the USA and the USSR are competing for supremacy in space. What both superpowers aim for in this race, is to be the first to have a man walk in outer space. To accomplish that, no price is too high and no risk is too great.  Now it's up to the unlikely duo of a seasoned war veteran and a hot-headed test-pilot to fulfill this mission. Two men in a tiny spaceship, without proper testing, facing the complete unknown...  They were supposed to do what no man has done before - and no man imagined what would happen next... Set against the background of the 1984 Miner's Strike, 11-year-old Billy Elliot stumbles out of the boxing ring and onto the ballet floor. He faces many trials and triumphs as he strives to conquer his family's set ways, inner conflict, and standing on his toes. On holiday in the south of France, chic Parisian sophisticate Violette meets life-loving IT geek Jean-Rene. Against all odds, there's a real chemistry between them and at the end of the summer, Jean-Rene wastes no time in joining his beloved in Paris. But there's trouble in paradise, and a third party swiftly appears to shatter the couple's idyll: Lolo, Violette's ultra-possessive 19-year-old son, who is determined to get rid of his mother's lover, whatever it takes... Three fairy tale princesses find themselves engaged to the same guy, Prince Charming. A Hindi Movie. The swinging London, early sixties. Beautiful but shallow, Diana Scott is a professional advertising model, a failed actress, a vocationally bored woman, who toys with the affections of several men while gaining fame and fortune. Boochamma Boochodu is a 2014 Sleeper Hit Telugu Horror-Comedy film directed by Rewan Yadu. The film features a honeymooning couple, Karthik (Shivaji) and Sravani (Kainaaz Motiwala),in their new farm house are punctuated by an aberration - ominous signs of the palatial house. The mysterious of the terrorizing spirits form the storyline. Supporting cast include comedians Brahmanandam, Vennela Kishore, Posani Krishna Murali, Venu, Tagubothu Ramesh, Dhanraj and Chammak Chandra. A murderer must be found in a little town in Baden-Wurttemberg, Germany. "After walking out of her wedding for a sandwich, Beatrice decides to take a rest at the Stratford Home for Rest and Rehabilitation. Beatrice soon realizes that if she wants to get out, she'll need a plan and the help of her unusual cohorts. An award-wining feature length comedy inspired by the women of Shakespeare." The Chemo Club is a feature film which follows strong willed Lulu (Brumilda van Rensburg) and humble Faith (Lillian Dube) as they embark on a heist to recover their stolen funds from a corrupt retirement pensions boss (Chris Chameleon). As former 1970s comic book heroes, they channel their alter egos in the 1970's, enlisting the help of their former colleague (Tobie Cronje) and a younger media student and comic book enthusiast (Rea Rangaka) to complete their heist and return to their glory days. In a totalitarian society of the future, in which the government controls all facets of the media, a homicide detective investigates a string of bombings, and finds out more than he bargained for. Luis Raul takes over the arena stage for his final stand-up show, recorded live at Puerto Rico's renowned Jose Miguel Agrelot Coliseum in San Juan on September 14, 2013. Many jokes include being the first stand-up comedian to perform at the venue and his comparative to other artist's demands when visiting a venue opposed to his demands, to the importance of one's eyes (theme of the show), traditional Puerto Rican remedies, his own mother, television infomercials, marijuana, his fiscal problems with past-due back taxes, and, of course, sex. Marking his last unplanned curtain call in his career, "Que OJOnes" ("What BIG EYEs!") was brought to the big screen as an posthumous homage to one of Luis Raul's final wishes before his death. Charlie Simms is a student at a private preparatory school who comes from a poor family. To earn the money for his flight home to Gresham, Oregon for Christmas, Charlie takes a job over Thanksgiving looking after retired U.S. Army officer Lieutenant Colonel Frank Slade, a cantankerous middle-aged man who lives with his niece and her family. CHATTY CATTIES is a black comedy set in an alternate reality where cats can communicate with people. At the center of the film are Shelby, a Holly Godarkly type, and her cat, Leonard. When Shelby begins dating a friendly musician named Nate, Leonard starts to see a light at the end of the tunnel. At its heart the film is about communication and agency. In order to highlight this theme the cats are voiced by Deaf/HoH actors. We aim to address issues facing the Deaf community and other under-represented groups in a subtle way, and to give Deaf actors opportunities to play the kinds of roles that they are not normally offered, roles in which their hearing loss is not part of the plot. An obscure Italian magistrate suspects that a well-known industrialist commited murder, and decides to investigate him, and bring him to court, whatever it takes. But - will the magistrate have it in him to go against impossible odds, in the name of the Italian people he represents? When Alvin's ceiling begins oozing sticky brown sludge, he finds a peculiar escape from his sheltered existence Vida and Arthur come from vastly different backgrounds. Sensitive and touching, sometimes quirky and tragic, always uncompromisingly truthful, a fresh look how conflicting family ties challenge love in a modern day Romeo and Juliet tale. FEMALE PERVERT is a provocative sex comedy by Atlanta based female writer/director Jiyoung Lee (Moral Sleaze, 2013), premiering at Slamdance this year. Actress Jennifer Kim (Mozart In The Jungle) shines as the titular star, a painfully awkward, sex obsessed video game designer who meets a series of men in hopes of sparking a love connection, and follows a twisted path to self-empowerment. The film has a truly absurd, original vision and impeccable comic timing. (more info on the film below).  A screenwriter suffering from writers block decides to lock himself in his apartment for 18 days in order to meet a career-making deadline. His script involves characters from his past, including a terrifying and disfigured clown. As cabin fever sets, he soon finds himself living in a world where what's real and what's fiction begin to cross lines with chilling and fatal consequences. Riggs, a down-on-his-luck screenwriter, struggles to finish a script. But failed suicide attempts, unstable friends, drug deals, and memories of his ex-girlfriend interfere. The Strongest Man in the World is a 1975 film starring Kurt Russell as Dexter Riley, a student in the fictional Medfield College. A school laboratory accident mixes one student's vitamin cereal mix with Dexter Riley's chemical experiment. The students decide to dispose of the mess by giving it to their neighbor's cow, with unintended consequences: the cow begins producing an extraordinary amount of milk! When they try it out on themselves, they discover that the mixture gives any human superhuman strength for a few minutes. The school sees this as the thing needed to save their school from closure, but a competitor learn of this deal, and hires two criminals to stop it.This is the third and final film in a series of comedies, which depict the adventures of perpetual college student, Dexter Riley. It follows the 1972 film, "Now You See Him, Now You Don't," and the 1969 film, "The Computer Wore Tennis Shoes." This roller coaster ride begins with the Wealthy Mr. Beri slipping into his third Coma. His four estranged children have to make it back home to be there while their father "hopefully" breathes his last, leaving behind his huge estate in the mountains. We are experiencing the biggest global crisis ever known. This is the world where Paco and Miguel live, two security guards who look after an old abandoned factory. Although they have been working at the factory for over 8 years, they have never exchanged a word. They only exchange night and day shifts - But, everything changes when they suddenly lose their jobs. They finally come together and they decide to build a machine to escape from that world Ctrl+Alt+Dance is about Colin, a risk-averse computer tech, who falls for happy-go-lucky jazz dancer Jillian but is in danger of losing it all when a disgruntled hacker threatens to expose a hidden secret. A group of friends in the South confront the pressure of settling down and an unwillingness to grow up. Nicholas Moore hires taxi driver Trevor to help catch his fiance cheating. With misunderstandings, and mistaken identity, these defective detectives find themselves on an adventure more dangerous than they bargained for. Three inept night watchmen, aided by a young rookie and a fearless tabloid journalist, fight an epic battle to save their lives. A mistaken warehouse delivery unleashes a horde of hungry vampires, and these unlikely heroes must not only save themselves but also stop the scourge that threatens to take over the city of Baltimore. A documentary following a self proclaimed modern samurai as he goes on a journey to find his wife after she was taken by a flash flood. Josh is the consummate temp employee, avoiding all long-term connections and responsibilities, both at work and in his personal life. However, by the time his agency places him at the Schuyler &amp; Mitchell law firm, Josh is tired of his temporary life and agrees to take a permanent position at the firm. Josh has difficulty adapting to his new lifestyle, which manifests in his inability to complete his simple initial task: mailing seventeen important letters. The Paddock Club was the first place in eastern NC where LGBT people could be themselves. Whether it was hosting a small gathering of friends, or a Broadway-sized drag pageant; for 30 years it was home to a lot of people, and they always thought it would be there. Opened in 1973, it survived the brutal homophobia of the south, the AIDS crisis, the gay-coming-of-age that was the 90s, and when it finally closed in December of 2003, it was one of the longest-running, continually-operating LGBT businesses in America. The patrons and staff of The Paddock wove the tapestry that made up the story of The Paddock. This is their story. The Paddock wasn't just a bar, it was home. It was family. Will Henry is a newly single graphic novelist balancing being a parent to his young twin daughters and teaching a classroom full of college students, all the while trying to navigate the rich complexities of new love and letting go of the woman who left him. A cinema remake of the classic sitcom Dad's Army (1968). The Walmington-on-Sea Home Guard platoon deal with a visiting female journalist and a German spy as World War II draws to its conclusion. Stomp is a rhythmic, musical extravaganza that has stunned audiences across the globe. If you weren't lucky enough to catch them in your hometown (or you did and you crave more), now there's Stomp Out Loud, a special HBO performance that will bring the unusual musical feats right into your living room. You might just find yourself grabbing a broom or even your remote control to keep time. "It's comedy, it's theater, it's very physical, it's energetic, it's occasionally quite terrifying," says one performer. Taking their show from the theater to the streets, this astonishing troupe can make music out of just about anything and just about anywhere. --Dana Van Nest Researchers on the undersea lab Aquatica have genetically altered the brains of captive sharks to develop a cure for Alzheimer's disease. But there's an unexpected side effect: the sharks got smarter, faster, and more dangerous. After a big storm damages their remote research facility, they must fight for their lives. Polar opposites meet and fall in love, but it isn't long before their relationship is on the rocks. In order to get through the holiday season without too much drama they decide to pretend they are still a couple, but their plan takes an unexpected turn. In the history of "The Simpsons," few characters outside the title family have had as much cultural impact as Apu Nahasapeemapetilon, the Springfield convenience store owner. Comedian Hari Kondabolu is out to show why that might be a problem. Guru ji (Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh) is a spiritual leader who has a huge follower base. He has accepted the challenge of eradicating social evils including drugs and gender-related issues that have been prevailing in the society. Those with vested interests and apathetic towards the welfare of the society are now disturbed as there's someone who has taken control of the situation. They conspire to kill him. The story revolves around Siddharthan (Dileep), who is a humble vegetable trader from a small village. He shoulders all the responsibilities of his family and is someone who is ready to sacrifice everything for his sisters. The quest for wealth leads him to a lot of troubles. After a lonely English girl learns of a hidden letter from her estranged father, she journeys to Australia in search of answers and the man who can give them to her. For the members of the comedy troupe Asperger's Are Us, it's easier to associate with a faceless audience than with their own families. No matter who the crowd, best friends Noah, New Michael, Jack and Ethan have one simple mantra: "We would much rather the audience appreciate us as comedians than people who have overcome adversity."  In this coming-of-age heartfelt documentary, this band of brothers finds themselves at a crossroad. With real life pulling them apart, they decide to plan one ambitious farewell show before they all go their separate ways. People with Asperger's don't deal well with uncertainty, and this is the most uncertain time in their lives. This is the story of 3 friends, destined to lose and find each other over and over again. More importantly, this is the (true) story of a film theatre in Florence, The Universale, which was a cultural landmark in the city between the '60s and the '80s. It was a theater of its own kind, bringing together intellectuals, students, as well as the people from San Frediano, a well-known working-class Quartiere. Such unusual mixture among the cinema-goers also produced a sort of creative chaos, which is explored through the eyes of Tommaso, the projectionist's son.  Juan Lopez must balance an office job with heroic feats to save the love of his life and native planet Chiton. Wile E. Coyote suspends his chase with the Road Runner to explain to two young boys watching him on TV why he wants to catch the speedy bird. On a cruise to celebrate their parents' 30th wedding anniversary, a brother and sister deal with the impact of family considerations on their romantic lives. Mamachan is a forty-year-old man, who gets involved in politics due to his father. He becomes a national leader and contests for elections. In the course of his work, he meets a young girl and falls in love with her. As fate would have it, she turns out to be the daughter of the woman he loved in his youth. Molly and Terry Donahue, plus their three children, are The Five Donahues. Son Tim meets hat-check girl Vicky and the family act begins to fall apart. A lonely parking enforcement officer comes home after a hard day to find an angry, half-naked woman in his bedroom. Things only get more complicated from there.  Shiva Rama Raju (Jagapati Babu), a noted good Samaritan in Parvatipuram who has a bet with Veerraju (Supreet) in the same village that "if any of his 3 daughters fall in love he will either kill them or cut down his ears" and he takes a vow that he will marry off his daughters to the grooms of his choice, neither love marriage nor elopement. Kavita (Rakul Preet Singh) is his third daughter. Raju (Manchu Manoj) is a wayward youth who is in deeply in love with an English teacher Sunny (Sunny Leone) in a junior college. Kavita is one of Sunny's students. Raju uses Kavita as courier to love Sunny; as the things proceed, Raju and Kavita fall in love. The rest of the story is all about what happens when they want to get married. Tamaar Padaar is the satirical comedy movie directed by scenarist Dileesh Nair. The movie, which stars Prithviraj, Baburaj, Chemban Vinod Jose and Srinda Ashab in central roles, revolves around ACP Pouran, and circus artists Jumber Thambi and Crossbelt Mani who comes into his life. Yuksel Guvercin dreamed to be a pilot while he was able to be only captain in public transportation buses. A young man goes from China to Hollywood on short notice to find his girlfriend. He ends up connected with two others in his quest, which gets much more complicated than he envisioned. Guibord is an independent Member of Parliament who represents Prescott-Makadewa-Rapides-aux Outardes, a vast county in Northern Quebec. As the entire country watches, Guibord unwillingly finds himself in the awkward position of holding the decisive vote to determine whether Canada will go to war. Accompanied by his wife, his daughter and an idealistic intern from Haiti named Sovereign, Guibord travels across his district in order to consult his constituents. While groups of lobbyists get involved in a debate that spins out of control, the MP will have to face his own conscience. 'My Internship in Canada' is a biting political satire in which politicians, citizens and lobbyists go head-to-head tearing democracy to shreds.  Film starring Suzanne Clement, Patrick Huard and Mardy Men In the irreverent spirit of fun that made "The Lego Movie" a worldwide phenomenon, the self-described leading man of that ensemble--Lego Batman--stars in his own big-screen adventure. But there are big changes brewing in Gotham, and if he wants to save the city from The Joker's hostile takeover, Batman may have to drop the lone vigilante thing, try to work with others and maybe, just maybe, learn to lighten up. A group of Meerut rogues aspire to become crime kingpins and local politicos. But, a major kidnapping makes them lose their all.  Namboothiri Yuvavu @ 43' is a futile exercise in film making that is a bit of a stretch, since it's neither emotional nor funny. It's a bland adaptation of a theme that we have already seen before, delivered with less charm and even lesser appeal. After the death of his parents an apathetic young man travels to a foreign country to live in their house and look after their turtle. In the early 1990s, a Japanese samurai detective series was aired in Australia and became a cult success. Titled in Japan "Ronin Suiri Tentai" (meaning roughly "Deductive Reasoning Ronin"), it was soon known in the West as "Top Knot Detective." The original series was legendary in Japan, a cultural train wreck led by Takashi Tawagoto, a crazy writer, producer, director and lead actor; one who could not act, fight or write at all. Maggie is an uptight, single mother and college writing teacher from New York City. In an effort to reconnect with her troubled teen daughter Summer, she decides to embark on a journey to a Tuscan village where she frequented in her younger days. Upon arrival, Maggie runs into Luca a handsome former lover who is still a bachelor and lives with his eighty-year-old mother Carmen. Summer (missing her "bad boy" boyfriend in NYC) and Carmen (secretly planning a wedding against Luca's wishes to MARCELINO, her one true love in Rome) impulsively steal Luca's car and race off to Rome. Maggie and Luca quickly pursue allowing the two mismatched couples to spend some time together and develop a new understanding of each other. When Coen gets a disturbing call from a clinic in Bangkok informing him that his brother David is seriously ill, Coen decides to follow the footsteps of his brother to find out what happened to him.  Mike is stuck in a rut. Same routine every day; get up go to work and try to not get too annoyed by his idiot housemate Pete. Things take an unexpected turn however when Maddie shows up in his life. After losing his farm during the floods of 1953, a romantic Dutch farmer is tired of getting his socks wet. He cycles to Italy and decides to grow tulips in the sweltering heat of Puglia. Saburo is a high school student good in sports, but not very good with his studies. One day, Saburo travels back in time and arrives in the Sengoku period of 1549. There, Saburo meets Nobunaga Oda who looks and sounds just like Saburo. Nobunaga Oda is the son of a warlord and magistrate of the lower Owari Province. Nobunaga Oda though is physically weak and he asks Saburo to take his place. Then, Saburo as Nobunaga Oda attempts to unify the country of Japan. The film tells how two brothers , Aziz and Syukur which has a different character . Aziz a mischievous and often selfish practice . While Syukur is a fairly simple and not liked by Aziz and their mother . George Nottoli, is a regular guy extraordinaire: family man, rocker, stunt man, and Sausage King of Chicago. At age 35, in need of a new challenge, George re-invents himself as professional wrestle, Vito 'Two Finger' Fontaine. Follow him into the world of pro wrestling where the more you love someone the harder you hit them....even if its with a rubber chicken! Director John Sanborn attends his 40th high school reunion with a film crew to interview former classmates and gain a measure of closure on some open-ended chapters in his life. Sammy is a 14 year old girl who makes YouTube videos. Robby just moved to New York City after college. Jerry is a single 34 year old network administrator living in the suburbs. Through their fragmented experiences, Consumers explores the dialectical problematics of the contemporary experience. Summer in Menorca. The young Olivia has lost all understanding for the world. She just ended an affair in order to begin a real relationship, but no sooner had it started than this also ends. She is comforted and receives prosaic advice from her sculptor mother Nuria. When pensioned advertisement filmmaker Fernando moves into their guesthouse, a fresh wind blows over the island. While Olivia sees him as a father figure, Fernando tries to seduce Nuria. ISLA BONITA is a charming, wonderfully cheerful comedy full of misunderstandings - and a bijou homage to the idyllic holiday island of Menorca. Director and main actor Fernando Colomo delights us with this semi-autobiographic fiction film. Master Shinkome asks Shinden  to find a former disciple, Shintoto, from his rakugoka (comic storytelling) family. Shinden visits ex-disciples in his search for Shintoto. A feel-good, heart-warming film set in Yorkshire in 1977 about an adolescent boy's big summer after leaving school. It's about a boy and a dog, class and ambition, first love, and above all, family. How happy and proud they are those two ladies back in Oporto! Thanks to them, their bright nephew can study medicine in Lisbon and may already have become a doctor. Little do they know, not only Vasco wastes all his time drinking, dancing and picking up girls but he has just failed his final exam! And in that same day, he receives an email from the two aunts announcing their visit to Lisbon! Will he be able to make them believe he is such a good student as they think? One hellish night for two rock n' roll scoundrels as their past catches up to them in the form of a seductive groupie... with a contract signed in their own blood -- selling their souls for fame and fortune -- whose payment has come due. Passengers on an ocean liner can't recall how they got onboard or where they are going. Soon it becomes apparent that they all have something in common. 16 years old Shlomi lives with his restless mother, his soldier brother and their ill grandfather. Although not doing well in school, Shlomi is a gifted cook and takes care of most household chores. One day, the school's principal finds out Shlomi is actually a genius and tries to get him into a more suitable curriculum. However, Shlomi is more interested in taking care of his family and his new love interest, the beautiful girl next door. It's a classic case of opposite attraction: Handsome Ben Bennet (Ethan Sharrett) is a gay, affluent, stylish attorney at the top of the genteel social set in southern Virginia, while Lee Darcy (Chase Conner) is a rough-hewn welder with a secret that he nightly tries to blot out with an excess of liquor. A young female journalist in London falls in love with a married orchestra conductor. Italian American Anna is a fresh-faced and headstrong new arrival, drunk on a romantic image of Italy - and her new life starts here. Anna wants to break free of the baggage she thinks is holding her back, to find the 'real' Italy. But is this the same place she'd always dreamed of?  In a depressed Texas town, British foreign exchange teacher Anna attempts to inject some life into her hopeless kids by introducing them to soccer. They're terrible at first, but Anna and her football-hero assistant whip them into shape. As they work overtime, the pair help kids build their self-esteem and also get involved in solving family squabbles. A gifted teenage detective searches for his missing father with his ladylove assistant. Crime comedy set in a village somewhere in Bavaria, centering around a village policeman's attempt to solve a murder case, his chaotic private life and the dysfunctional relationship with his wacky father.  Failed actress Alex Sternbergen wakes up hungover one morning in an apartment she does not recognize, unable to remember the previous evening -- and with a dead body in bed next to her. As she tries to piece together the events of the night, Alex cannot totally rely on friends or her estranged husband, Joaquin, for assistance. Only a single ally, loner ex-policeman Turner Kendall, can help her escape her predicament and find the true killer. Hildegard von Bingen was truly a woman ahead of her time. A visionary in every sense of the word, this famed 12th-century Benedictine nun was a Christian mystic, composer, philosopher, playwright, poet, naturalist, scientist, physician, herbalist and ecological activist. Nova Zembla tells the gripping true story of the legendary failed mission of the late sixteenth century Dutch flotilla trying to find a trading route to Asia across the North Pole. The ship crew, who got stuck in the ice of Nova Zembla and had to survive the dark coldness of winter in the most gruesome of circumstances. An incredibly powerful story of determination, hardship and a triumph of the human spirit. The sixteenth century Dutch ship crew is leaving the port of Amsterdam and sailing to the northern arctic, where they get stuck in the ice. Two ships take part at the mission and captain De Rijp decides to return while he still can, while the other ship helmed by Willem Barentsz, stubbornly proceeds. Late one night, in a Brooklyn apartment, three men who are close friends realize just how connected they may be. A new dark force threatens Ponyville, and the Mane 6 - Twilight Sparkle, Applejack, Rainbow Dash, Pinkie Pie, Fluttershy and Rarity - embark on an unforgettable journey beyond Equestria where they meet new friends and exciting challenges on a quest to use the magic of friendship and save their home. In a fragile relationship, a husband wants to impress upon his pregnant wife his seriousness in being a good father, so he whisks her away on a babymoon travel holiday to the most exotic, beautiful, Instagram -able, country imaginable, which unbeknownst to him is experiencing a political revolution! Caleb Loomis is an agoraphobic twenty-something. In his spare time he makes UFO videos with miniature cities and takes an unhealthy amount of LSD. One afternoon he hears Beatrice, the lady next door, being abused. After striking an odd friendship through the wall Caleb is made aware of who lives with Beatrice.. setting in to a motion a pitch-black psychedelic revenge fantasy. Wouldn't it be great if your parents taught you how to hold your own in a fag-eat-fag world? Rod Gay and Bob Gay-Paris are the streetwise gay mentors you never had. Come revel in the raunchy wisdom they pass along to their two gay sons - Alex and Tommy - advice that will empower the boys to bend the world over, lube it up, and snap one off! Greg Vincent is a struggling, alcoholic writer who has suffered a terrible loss in his life and is looking for inspiration for his next story. During this difficult time, he encounters a strange being from out of this world. Could this possible be the basis for the perfect story which could jump start not only his career but also his life? Long before Columbus, Viking explorers claimed the state of Minnesota. And the nice folks who live there have the ancient artifacts to prove it. LOST CONQUEST is a deconstructionist documentary about why we believe the things we believe. With swords. The story of Florence Foster Jenkins, a New York heiress, who dreamed of becoming an opera singer, despite having a terrible singing voice. A hilarious and heartfelt look "behind the scenes" as a group of college kids spend their summer making a movie for their town's Film Festival. Cameras chronicle the tumultuous ups and downs (mostly downs) as an egotistical student Director rounds up his friends (and some bystanders) to help make his masterpiece: a movie that blends together all the greatest films ever made.  THE FORTUNE YOU SEEK IS IN ANOTHER COOKIE is a dizzying experience in the essayistic tradition of Chris Marker and the early explorers. A film for anyone who yearns to see the world anew.  Both detectives on a sickening murder case struggle with being alone and childless in their 40s. As they investigate the young man found beaten and strangled to death, platonic friends Karine and Herve unravel a love story between Vincent, and Rebecca a high school girl. The teenage lovers quickly plunged into the kind of amour fou the flics fear to chance for themselves. Rebecca is missing, and unknown to her, the boy was a homosexual Internet hustler. The ordinarily blase male investigator is appalled to find that on-line dating is a world the sexy Karine knows well. Is Rebecca the killer, another victim or ? Friends hatch a plot to retrieve a stolen cat by posing as drug dealers for a street gang. After the eleven-year old Felix (Oskar Keymar) flown by several schools, is now the Otto Leonhard school his last chance. But already the first day there is as little promising. Although he finds in the bustling Ella (Lina Huesker) quickly a new girlfriend, but its new Director and teacher Dr. Schmitt Gossenwein (Anja Kling) is obnoxious and on top of that the boys in his class are called him above all, the arrogant Mario (Georg Sulzer), not just welcome. To be accepted by them, Felix should be multiple tests of courage. The first is that it breaks in the evening in the school. When attempting to Mrs. Schmitt Gossenwein caught him but all people. Wong Kam-Kwei, a gang boss on the decline, overseeing bathhouses and karaoke bars, falls for a small restaurant owner, Mei. He begins to help her business, and learns that Mei is already in love with Leung, a member of his gang. He's also like a brother to Kam-Kwei. When a rival gang hoping to steal his territory kills Leung, the only thing left for Kam-Kwei to do now is to protect Mei and avenge Leung. Hard core environmentalist tries a pill that reduces his mental skills to 2% Adult film starlet Vixen Velvet wants to be a real actress - she gets her chance when the remote town she's filming in finds itself in the grip of a zombie apocalypse. La India Maria must find at all costs in the recesses of a mountain the Magic Black Mirror of Tezcatlipoca, since the spirit of his great-grandfather Moctezuma II ordered her to find it in to prevent the destruction of Mexico. Alonso, a sexy Spanish archaeologist, Bianchi, a cheater looking treasures and Bridget Troncoso - an ambitious governor, are aware of the existence of such mirror, of the mysterious treasure of Moctezuma and of Maria, so all undertake a frantic chase after her to seize the magic crystal and the gold. Seventeen-year-old Shiori's Gothic Lolita garb attracts a lot of fans to her interactive video blog, a stepping stone she hopes will launch her career as a model and actress. One day while handing out promotional pamphlets, she meets Ayumi, a timid 13-year old who is in awe of her and her wardrobe. Shiori is initially wary of the attention but takes pleasure in being idolized, and eventually allows the girl to get closer. Ayumi's growing infatuation becomes difficult to disguise, and their odd friendship takes an unforeseen turn after Ayumi runs away from home and quietly begins to infiltrate Shiori's life and relationship with her boyfriend. Wiener-Dog tells several stories featuring people who find their life inspired or changed by one particular dachshund, who seems to be spreading a certain kind of comfort and joy. Man's best friend starts out teaching a young boy some contorted life lessons before being taken in by a compassionate vet tech named Dawn Wiener. Dawn reunites with someone from her past and sets off on a road trip picking up some depressed mariachis along the way. Wiener-Dog then encounters a floundering film professor, as well as an embittered elderly woman and her needy granddaughter--all longing for something more.  After their mother ends up in jail, two sisters turn to train robbery in order to support their family. Jade Li is a feisty, 20-something Chinese Canadian, trying to achieve that happy medium between giving in to her parent's wishes and fulfilling her own needs and desires - double happiness. Naturally, something's got to give and when love beckons in the shape of Mark, a white university student, the facade of the perfect Chinese daughter begins to slip. Adaptation of Shakespeare's Antony and Cleopatra, a historical drama that attempts to bring an epic visual style to the Bard's original stage play. The story concerns Marc Antony's attempts to rule Rome while maintaining a relationship with the queen of Egypt (Hildegarde Neil), which began while Antony was still married. Now he is being forced to marry the sister of his Roman co-leader, and soon the conflict leads to war. Bilbo Baggins, a hobbit enjoying his quiet life, is swept into an epic quest by Gandalf the Grey and thirteen dwarves who seek to reclaim their mountain home from Smaug, the dragon. A charismatic, crazy hothead transforms a family's life when she becomes the nanny of five girls. When friends graduate from junior high school and are enrolled in high school Koichi and Yakko join a motorcycle gang. They make new friends, have fights and flirt with girls. Yakko, however, is not having an easy time of it. Koichi stands up for his friend and joins the yakuza, which brings its own problems with it. Mr. Choade, the director of The House of Choade, a Grand Guignol theatre, has made an evil bargain with the Medicine Man, who has promised to help him make an artistic leap. A young girl, Linda, who has just been released from a mental hospital, gets a job performing at the House of Choade and becomes embroiled in these machinations. Linda's ex-girlfriend Roxy re-connects with her and attempts to save her. This film, a dark comedy by first time director James Habacker, was shot in Manhattan and features many luminaries from the downtown performance art scene centered around the Slipper Room. A dramatization of the Montreal Massacre of 1989 where several female engineering students were murdered by an unstable misogynist.  Two journalists and a photographer are sent to stake out a woman's house and told not to return without a story. When the woman shows no sign of appearing, they take matters into their own hands. A political thriller steeped in illegal oil trading, the Russian Mafia, and governmental cover-ups. Pawno is a character driven ensemble film set in the diverse and multicultural suburb of Footscray in Melbourne, Australia. A couple of master thieves find themselves trapped within a house they intended to rob, only to discover they've inadvertently wandered into the lair of a deranged serial killer. Heisaku is a university student. He is obsessed with peeping on his neighbor Fumio through the cracks in her curtain. Fumio is aware that Heisaku is peeping on her and she even observes Heisaku through her window. A creative documentary about becoming a parent... and how to reconceive yourself. Fiction director Josh Appignanesi turns the camera on himself and his wife as they undergo the ordeal of becoming parents in the era of man-children and assisted reproduction. Faced with fatherhood, Josh spirals comically into an envious career funk. But life-threatening complications emerge- the couple are tested to the brink, confronting shattering losses. It's a portrait of our generation going through a revolution in reproduction- forced to find new ways to think about ourselves as creative beings. We hear from Slavoj Zizek, John Berger, Darian Leader (20,000 Days) and Zadie Smith. Universal yet still taboo, it's a film for everyone who has children, wants them, or still feels like a child themselves. A young man by the name of Atif Kurtovic goes into a mine for the first time in his life to become a miner and to continue exactly where his now retired grandfather had left off. However, his fate is soon completely changed when he is picked as the face for the most valuable banknote in the country, the bill in the amount of one thousand dinars. Because of this, Atif soon finds himself on his way to Belgrade where Tito's personal photographer takes his picture and thus allows Atif to become a part of history. Into this story enters a young girl whose nickname, "Hiljadarka / A Thousand", is no accident and with whom Atif falls in love. When Tito announces his personal visit to Atif's hometown, there begins an adventure that they will all remember for the rest of their lives. Five socialites are put to the test when their recently-deceased friend asks them to commit the ultimate taboo in order to inherit his fortune. This entry in the Crime Does Not Pay series focuses on charity fraud. Two scam artists set themselves up as 'philanthropists' to help raise money for a local clinic, but the funds they raise never get to help the people who need it. A lovelorn single father has his life turned upside down when a new-age yogi mysteriously shows up in his kitchen and takes him on a journey of self-discovery. Unable to find personal fulfillment: Ericson, a young-adult on the horizon of his thirties, dives head-first into an existential spiral of artistic indulgence as he attempts to co-opt his friends into making a movie with him. All of the Above is the eighth praise and worship album by Hillsong United, and their first ever studio recorded project and the first of a three-part global project. The album includes a DVD containing three live worship tracks recorded at the 2006 Encounterfest youth conference, a sermon from Phil Dooley and a bonus features section. It debuted at No. 6 on the ARIA Albums Chart on 26 March 2007.[1] ANTONY, a stressed out, grown up, toy collector, has lost his youthful ways. Perhaps he lost his vigor through years of telemarketing, or it could be his constant struggle with the modern world. But maybe, just maybe it's because he finds himself in a loveless relationship with his lady of ten years, ROSE. Is it time for Antony to grow up and join the new age "sonic healing cult"?  Or will he take the sage advice offered by his 7 year old nephew and find himself again? In 2011 Tunisia, as the Arab Spring awakens, unemployed graduate Aziz, nicknamed Zizou (Zied Ayadi), travels from his Saharan village to the big city of Tunis in search of a job. From television aerial installation to political intrigue, this fresh-faced young Candide will learn the ways of the world, fall in love with the ravishing Aicha (Sara Hanachi), and become famous.--Eddie Cockrell, FilmFest DC Hubert is a shy and introverted graphic designer who hasn't been too successful when approaching women. When he falls in love with Hanna, he tries to impress her by resorting to mimicking his boss, a notorious womanizer. This tactic works as an ice-breaker, but soon things get out of control, with unforeseen consequences. Chauncey from Hollywood and Vine's award-winning film "Young Love" is back and bringing in the new year with his boys to promote a party for his new mix tape but different mishaps occur that ruin these guy's last days of the year. (Comedy) The Manzoni family, a notorious mafia clan, is relocated to Normandy, France under the witness protection program, where fitting in soon becomes challenging as their old habits die hard. Elroy wants to be left alone but Clara is too curious about what he carries inside his cardboard box and they post stickers to the others. The well-known explorer and hunter Captain Spaulding has just returned from Africa, and is being welcomed home with a lavish party at the estate of influential society matron Mrs. Rittenhouse when a valuable painting goes missing. The intrepid Captain Spaulding attempts to solve the crime with the help of his silly secretary Horatio Jamison, while sparring with the anarchic Signor Emanuel Ravelli and his nutty sidekick The Professor. A gigantic, mutated, reptile attacks the population of an unprepared city. A young man navigates the bureaucracy of the Catholic Church when he tries to renounce his faith. The continuation of a funny adventures of a heroes of "Bitterly!". Choi Ik-Ho (Lee Jung-Jae) is a martial arts star with talent for action and humor. But one day, he is framed for murder. Ace (Shin Ha-Kyun) is a game planner, who makes a game for the Korean upper class. He is a villain who makes a city into a big gameboard through technology. Ace and Choi Ik-Ho become adversaries as Choi Ik-Ho jumps into the game to save his brother.  -asianwiki Actress Myrtle Gordon is a functioning alcoholic actress who is a few days from the opening night of her latest play, concerning a woman distraught about aging. One night a car kills one of Myrtle's fans who is chasing her limousine in an attempt to get the star's attention. Myrtle internalizes the accident and goes on a spiritual quest, but fails to finds the answers she is after. As opening night inches closer and closer, fragile Myrtle must find a way to make the show go on. An aspiring Indian tech entrepreneur in the Silicon Valley finds himself unexpectedly battling the bizarre American immigration system to keep his dream alive or prepare to return home forever. The Magic Brush is a Chinese animated stop-motion film produced by the Shanghai Animation Film Studio. A young and kind peasant boy named Ma Liang helped a rich man to tend cattle. He liked drawing and drew pictures everywhere and had the greatest dream to be an artist. He works very hard to achieve this dream even though he doesn't own a paintbrush. A crime drama set in 1970s Boston, about a gun sale which goes wrong. David, a struggling comedy writer fresh off from breaking up with his boyfriend, moves from New York City to Sacramento to help his sick mother. Living with his conservative father and much-younger sisters for the first time in ten years, he feels like a stranger in his childhood home. As his mother's health declines, David frantically tries to extract meaning from this horrible experience and convince everyone (including himself) that he's "doing okay." The year is 1998. Our story takes place at The Peoples Clothing Company, a clothing store in New York City. We follow stockroom supervisor Joseph Rodriguez, who once wanted to be a stand up comedian. Ten years have gone by and his original dream begins to resurface - and Joseph will now have to make a decision. Will he honor his passion or continue to be a slave to his day job? Samir, a lanky crane operator in Montreuil, falls madly for Agathe. As master swimmer at the pool Thorez he decides to take swimming lessons with her. But the lie does not last three lessons - Agathe hate liars. Chosen to represent the Seine-Saint-Denis, Agathe flies to Iceland for the 10th Congress of the International Masters Swimming. Samir has no choice but to fly in turn also. Pierrick is still dealing with the recent disappearance of his brother. Then why not accept the invitation of Tessa, his best friend, at her family home in order to spend a week alone to meditate on his life? Samantha, who works in a chicken factory in Saint-Etienne, loses her job. She lives with her best-friend Celine. She is also her little sister Kim's guardian and must find another job quickly or run the risk of losing her sister. She meets Paul, a lawyer who would like to raise a child with his partner. As a result, he asks Samantha if she would like to be hired as his surrogate. In Madrid and in Paris, Boti, Empar, Micheline and Jocelyne, four lesbian women in their seventies, tell of their fears, their desires, their differences - They are still active, or activists, and refuse to be pushed aside because of their age. They live their everyday lives to the fullest, taking advantage of all opportunities. Beyond the taboos, they reflect on their loves, past and present, because their love-lives and sex-lives are not yet over. Narrates the preparation for a wedding of a Spanish couple in which everything goes wrong. The feelings of Phil and Pyotr are really mixed. Whatever one of them feels - the second experiences the same feelings immediately. A girl moves to the beach and spends a lazy summer exploring the ramshackle town and falling for the wrong boy. Inspired by films like "People on Sunday" rather than Frankie and Annette, BEACH TOWN is a rock and roll beach movie of the mind - an unabashedly romantic look at the lives of young people in a low-rent coastal community, where the art life is ineffably linked with their surroundings. Two best friends' friendship is put to the test when they decide to enter the boxing ring to raise money to pay rent. Documentary about the murders of six Russian journalists between 1995 and 2003 and the subsequent police investigation which some, including human rights lawyer Karen Nersisyan have seen as a cover up. The film also charts a Moscow newspaper's battle to maintain a critical voice in contemporary Russia. (Storyville) Princess Froglegs goes undercover to compete in her father's Froglympics in order to avoid being married off to a male suitor. Ten stories from horror's top directors. Ghosts, ghouls, monsters, and the devil delight in terrorizing unsuspecting residents of a suburban neighborhood on Halloween night. This creepy anthology combines classic Halloween tales with the stuff of nightmares. Four teens spending the summer as camp counselors are thrust into danger with a bunch of Redneck Cannibals all because of a bee sting. An Iranian man tells the story of his life and lifelong love. A young widow discovers that her late husband has left her 10 messages intended to help ease her pain and start a new life. The story of a precocious six year-old and her ragtag group of friends whose summer break is filled with childhood wonder, possibility and a sense of adventure while the adults around them struggle with hard times. Michel, a fifty year old man, graphic designer, decides to change the urban lifestyle and go on an adventure. Fascinated by airmail, he dreams at Jean Mermoz when he's on scooter. One day, Michel sees a picture of a kayak. Set in the year 1977, two women look to integrate their small town, inspired by the miniseries "Roots" as it hits the airwaves. Auguste Lumiere directs four workers in the demolition of an old wall at the Lumiere factory. One worker is pressing the wall inwards with a jackscrew, while another is pushing it with a pick. When the wall hits the ground, a cloud of white dust whirls up. Three workers continue the demolition of the wall with picks. Ani Skywalker is in the dumps. His wife is dead. He's stuck in a bogus government he hates. He spends most of his time staring out into space, thinking about the good old days. But things are about to change for Ani as he sets off for adventure in the galaxy's biggest come-back... An annual hunting trip for four longtime friends turns into a backwoods nightmare when they run into a group of devout locals deep inside the Pacific Northwest. As tension mounts between the two groups, the men become caught in a vicious game of cat and mouse while struggling to deal with their own personal demons and growing distrust among each other in this pulse-pounding action thriller. A teen comedy follows a group as it tries to have one last night of summer fun, only to be usurped by the world's worst undercover cop.   The students of 11th "A" grade will never forget their prom. And so their parents. A conservative professor at a Christian college finds himself in a gay support group to stop their launch of an LGBT homeless youth shelter in their small town. Hialeah Park, one of America's most storied horse tracks, was on the verge of closing in 1974. That's when businessman John Brunetti, against the advice of friends and associates, gambled on the ailing racecourse. This film lacks a summary. Please add to the database by writing one, if you have seen it. For Millennia the Aliien force has watched and waited, a brooding menace that has now at last decided to take over the Earth. Communications systems worldwide are sent into chaos by a strange atmospheric interference and this has turned into a global phenomenon. A massive spaceship headed towards Earth and smaller spaceships began to cover entire cities around the world. Suddenly, the wonder turns into horror as the spaceships destroy the cities with energy weapons. When the world counterattacks, the alien ships are invincible to military weapons.  The survivors have to use their wits to kill the aliens, or die. After James Maniscalco - a ruthless, egomaniacal investment executive - decides he's going to start his own firm, he must get past a bunch of dimwitted executives hellbent on keeping their company afloat. Alice is a thirty year old Filipino trans woman who flew to Korea to chase after her boyfriend who she discovers is now living with his new girlfriend. Joon is a twenty five year old Korean musician who is being pressured by his traditional parents to find a more stable job and girlfriend. At a bridge in the middle of Seoul, the two brokenhearted souls fatedly cross paths. Lorna has been married to Jim for a year, but still hasn't been satisfied sexually. While Jim is working at the salt mine, she is raped by an escaped convict, but falls in lust with him. Meanwhile Jim's buddies are giving him a hard time about Lorna's supposed infidelity, not realizing how close to the mark they really are. Trouble starts when Jim gets home early from work because it's their anniversary. While struggling to meet the strict airline baggage requirements, a woman meets a man who heroically comes to her aid. Both are in despair out of love, which urges them to form a charming friendship which would take them out of the crowded airport and into the secluded city of Sagada where they would attempt to mend each other's hearts and find the answer to the question, "Where do broken hearts go?" A group of friends, prompted by the frequent sightings of Unidentified Flying Objects or U.F.O.'s in Zambales in the mid-nineties, decide to take a trip to the province to retrace the legend of the sightings. They then befriend a local, who they presume is their age group, not knowing exactly who or what he is. Little do they know that the local will become the spark that would threaten to ruin the friendship that has already been strained with many things that have been left unsaid. Seventeen-year-old Shirley is a good student who works as a babysitter in order to make money for college. One night Michael, a father Shirley works for, confesses he's unhappy with married life. Shirley has a crush on Michael, and seizes this moment to kiss him. Michael is so happy he presents Shirley with a big tip, which gives her an idea. Shirley plans to make extra money by setting up her teenage friends with other unhappy fathers.  Proper Patola is Romantic Comedy movie and will entertain the audience by fun elements and confusion as Neeru Bajwa in double role. How she will manage to do this double role with Harish Verma and Yuvraj Hans? A film by Star Blasting comic book artist Bill Hughes. In the future of our dreams, there lurks a villain from our nightmares. Matt Mercury and his Rocket Rangers encounter a mutant super-genius, called Professor Brainwave, who is on a mission to steal the Earth. Brainwave is from a mysterious region of space, known as the Alpha Zone and he is under the control of a giant one-eyed brain called the Galactic Mastermind. Mercury is more concerned about the affections of his half human, half house cat girlfriend, Mulkress Dunner. Pressure builds on Mercury when Mulkress is kidnapped, along with the Earth. Will Dr. Syfer's robotic Lima Beans save the day? Can a cranky robot, an ape scientist, an inarticulate Cyclops, a molten man in an iron mask, a self-absorbed battleship Captain, an eight-year-old boy or a disaffected girl side-kick do any better? Will Matt, see justice prevail... or at least get a call back from his girlfriend? A mayoral candidate (Barbara Eden) for a California town gets romantically involved with her opponent (John Forsythe), a former cowboy star. Eight close friends soak up their last day of summer together on the beach before parting ways for college. Five men with low IQs become superheroes in an attempt to make their children proud of them. Francois, Cecilia and Isabelle are students of the drama class of the Conservatoire led by Professor Lambertin. Francois is in love with Isabelle who also loves him, but he is pursued by Cecilia, his former mistress. Cecilia commits suicide staging the suicide like a crime, so as to involve Francis. But a testimony restores the truth. Cal Weaver is living the American dream. He has a good job, a beautiful house, great children and a beautiful wife, named Emily. Cal's seemingly perfect life unravels, however, when he learns that Emily has been unfaithful and wants a divorce. Over 40 and suddenly single, Cal is adrift in the fickle world of dating. Enter, Jacob Palmer, a self-styled player who takes Cal under his wing and teaches him how to be a hit with the ladies. Ana Maria is having a bad day until she magically switches places with the main character of her favorite telenovela. As she struggles to escape from Novela Land, Ana Maria finally understands why her real life was such a mess. The story of the end of a friendship between two teenage girls, told backwards over the course of nine months. This film is a glimpse into the life, love and the unconquerable spirit of the legendary Bruce Lee. From a childhod of rigorous martial arts training, Lee realizes his dream of opening his own kung-fu school in America. Before long, he is discovered by a Hollywood producer and begins a meteroric rise to fame and an all too short reign as one the most charasmatic action heroes in cinema history. Ryuzo and his 7 former henchmen are all retired yakuza, but they now live as regular old men. One day, Ryuzo becomes the victim of a phishing fraud. He calls his 7 men together to reform their society. Adolf Hitler wakes up in a vacant lot in Berlin, with no knowledge of anything that happened after 1945. Homeless and destitute. Although everyone recognizes him, nobody believes that he is Hitler; instead, they think he is either a comedian, or a method actor. It's a quirky situational comedy that tickles your funny bone, unexpectedly. The ensemble cast of actors that creates a laugh riot, that escalates in to a hangama ~ that will leave you chuckling, gurgling and laughing out aloud. So, leave your scowls, jowls and frown lines at home, and laugh like you've not done, in a long long time. Many loosely connected characters cross paths in this film, based on the stories of Raymond Carver. Waitress Doreen Piggot accidentally runs into a boy with her car. Soon after walking away, the child lapses into a coma. While at the hospital, the boy's grandfather tells his son, Howard, about his past affairs. Meanwhile, a baker starts harassing the family when they fail to pick up the boy's birthday cake. 13 people between the end of 60 and the middle 80: They have already experienced many things in their lives. Everyone has their own hopes, desires, conflicts and problems. What unites them is the longing for closeness - for a loving, lovable partner and the somewhat unusual way they have chosen to escape their loneliness: a speed dating. So you dare to an event in which each face a man and a woman and only have seven minutes to get to know each other and open courageously in ever new constellations to a foreign counterpart. George Carlin sums up his life and career. Presented as an extra feature on the "It's Bad For Ya" DVD. Officer Kip White (Ben Kobold) is on a one-man mission to take down the European Cartel. After witnessing one of the cartel's thugs murder his best friend, White goes on a vengeance quest. He'll stop at nothing-not even the LAW-to find the cartel leaders and arrest them. But there are obstacles in White's path: the hot new street drug STAMP, plucky reporters, mysterious vigilantes, and even the Mayor of Chicago, Dennis (David Liebe Hart). Documentarian Karen Cruz profiles eight key players in the Magic: The Gathering scene on its twentieth anniversary in Denver, CO. One of the original fantasy collective card games, Magic has millions of players worldwide and is considered one of the most successful card games of all time. Deep in an inner city hell, a ghastly figure is killing off the bad guys. A vigilante, or a demon? For the beautiful high school student, Jada, that's the question that will bring her face to face with the killer clown Killjoy. A radio journalist and his technician get in over their heads when they hatch a scheme to fake their own kidnapping during a rebel uprising in South America and hide out in New York instead.  Based on the comic by Tomohiro Koizumi Four female high school students in Fukuoka are big fans of Japanese rock band "CreepHyp." They decide to go to Tokyo to attend their concert. A modern-day fairytale that depicts the quaint journey of two prisoners in and out of a provincial jail. When his girlfriend visits him during winter break, an agoraphobic twentysomething begins to suspect that his house is haunted. After 20 years of marriage, Ana Lucia and her husband Fabio decide to get a divorce. Fabio, however, decides to move to an apartment across the street, in front of the window of his former apartment - where Lucia still lives. Both will have to learn how to deal with job crisis, problems with their daughter and this whole new situation. Tom goes peeping. An original stand-up comedy special written and performed by comedian Tom Segura. An embarrassing video of Anthony surfaces online right before his fifth high school reunion. The Smosh dudes then race to pull down the clip before it blows Anthony's chances of reconnecting with his teen crush Anna. After a hilarious run-in with the law, Madea is sentenced to community service. Determined to do good for the 'hood, Madea enlists Aunt Bam and Uncle Joe to try and save the Moms Mabley Youth Center from being shut down. With her irresistible sass and wisdom, Madea rallies the local kids to make a stand-and proves that behind her tough exterior is a whole lot of love! After encountering a ghost in his family's vacation home, Dan and his wife Mary hire an "industrial-grade exorcist" named Os to get rid of the beings. A delusional doctor on the run from the law and being chased by Pinkertons is hellbent on trying to bring his dead wife back from the grave, he enlists the help of the local town preacher. With a deadly combination of science and religion all hell breaks loose! Nevalyashka is a young and very successful boxer who is dreaming about the winning against the famous champion... A film student struggles to complete her thesis project. Felix (Cameron Dallas) is a legendary prankster who gets expelled from his high school and, with his friend's help, stops at nothing to hide it from his parents. Perry is a happily married father of two living a comfortable but sedate life in the suburbs. On the occasion of his 40th birthday, he seeks to revisit his former life as the lead singer in a popular punk band though his middle-aged reality quickly (and hilariously) clashes with the indulgences of his youth. A political satire involving a small town in Rajasthan, where the local government is on the verge of collapsing due to factors such as corruption. Biography of the life of Aristotle Onassis, a Greek who rose to become one of the world's most wealthiest men, detailing his rise to power and unhappy marriages. A love potion works its devious charms on fairies, elves and the swamp-dwelling Bog King as they all try to possess the potion for themselves. As Carl Black gets the opportunity to move his family out of Chicago in hope of a better life, their arrival in Beverly Hills is timed with that city's annual purge, where all crime is legal for twelve hours. The story narrates three adult boy's life from three different background. So begins an entertaining road story where we witness two brothers with different cultural backgrounds, who don't even know each other, have similarities, differences and even their fights. When Eugene's ex-GF Katelyn lands in LA to disband their business, the two of them must negotiate between past tensions and future possibilities, in this raw bittersweet rom-com that walks the line between fiction and reality. Set during the last days of the Ottoman Empire, a love triangle develops between Mikael, a brilliant medical student, the beautiful and sophisticated artist Ana, and Chris, a renowned American journalist based in Paris. Schmitke is an old German wind turbine engineer. One day, he is dispatched to the Czech side of the Ore Mountains to fix an old squeaking wind turbine. His colleague disappears and mysterious things begin to happen in the forest. Sophia Pinsky seems like a functioning adult. But when she loses her girlfriend and her grandfa-ther in the same day and moves back in with her authoritarian Russian grandmother, Marina, everything she thought she'd escaped is waiting to welcome her back with open arms. Thrilled to have Sophia under her influence again, and obsessed with finding her a proper (male) part-ner, Marina conspires to marry her off to Trevor, a nice Jewish boy Sophia has known since they were in diapers. After the date with him is a dud, Sophia finds her way to a weekly open mic night, where on a whim she gets on stage and discovers there's actually an audience for her Queer-Russian-Jewish-American sense of humor. Everything comes to a head at the family Shabbat dinner when Sophia and Trevor try to humiliate Marina by pretending to have fallen for each other, unaware that Marina is planning her own announcement. Ritchie is a Glaswegian chancer with low hopes and no prospects. Disillusioned with city life, he goes undercover at a Highland conservation centre to make his fortune as an illegal pearl fisher with the help of his two hapless and accident prone mates, Danny and Fraser. Here he meets Beth, a pretty English conservationist passionate about saving endangered mussels from the clutches of pearl thieves in the Scottish Highlands. Falling for her instantly, Ritchie must beat off competition in the form of Highland Ranger Ethan, a smooth talking American Adonis convinced that Beth can't resist his charms forever. After the success of pearl fishing attracts the unwanted attentions of old school Glaswegian mobster Gavin and his work at the centre leads him to question his true motivations, Ritchie must risk life and limb to save the Highlands from ecological disaster and win Beth's heart...  A widower invites his children for a family weekend with the announcement that he has news. He is getting married with a 30 years younger woman. The children start the competition for heritage. What is more important: money or family? TELLING TALES is about the failing marriage of an industrialist and his wife, about the industrialist's wish to sell his company to a colleague, Paul Roberts, and about the terminally ill wife of Paul, Ingrid. It is also about the shop steward organising a strike at Paul's factory that jeopardises the deal with the industrialist, and about the wife of the shop steward, who happens to clean and cook for the industrialist. A network of intertwined tales told in different ways, and for very different motives, by the main protagonists. A plastic surgeon gets into trouble because of his extreme passion with women, so he decides to visit a shrink, who eventually discovers that he is in a relationship with her daughter, so she decides to stop him in every way possible. 'Chicas Paranoicas' is the first Spanish comedy about the world of fashion in a fictional work, though with dramatic elements. It tells the story of three girls (Ana, Paula and Veronica) who enter it by chance, seeing a way to earn a little easy money, and soon become fascinated. A group of young creatives in New York question the value of their work and their lives. The ties that bind this family go beyond language, race, culture, food, and even blood. Bound by a stubborn affection and the utmost respect for each other, despite their quirks and idiosyncracies - the Woolworth family stick together. Blake is captain of the football team and destined for a career in the pro leagues - that is if he passes his chemistry class. But destiny has a way of tackling the toughest of players when demons invade his college and begin to enslave the student body. A divine angel descends to give Blake an invincible suit of super football pads and send him out to battle the forces of evil. Unfortunately, the suit is missing one vital piece - the jock strap. In order to get it back, Blake must descend into the underworld and face the guardians of doom known as The Chainsaw Maidens from Hell. And he's got to do all this while studying for a chemistry quiz. Spurred by a gun incident at a school, the women of one Texas town lead a movement to get rid of guns by withholding sex from their husbands. A unique friendship develops when a little girl and her dying mother inherit a cook - Mr. Church. What begins as an arrangement that should only last six months, instead spans fifteen years. When the Amago samurai withdraw their protection of the village of Tatara, famous for their manufacture of the legendary swords, the younger generation - erroneously - believe that guns will suffice. "Mad" Mary McArdle returns to Drogheda after a short spell in prison for something she'd rather forget. Back home, everything and everyone has changed. Her best friend, Charlene, is about to get married and Mary is maid of honor. When Charlene refuses Mary a 'plus one' on the grounds that she probably couldn't find a date, Mary becomes determined to prove her wrong. A group of wannabe ghost hunters realize that real-life is more bizarre than anything paranormal. After experiencing a devastating breakup, Bass is set up on a series of disastrous dates by his concerned family. However, dating isn't easy and sometimes love hides where you least expect it. Coffin Dreams is a surreal, dark, rom-com thriller. When Nat wakes up in a coffin in the middle of nowhere she has no idea what's happened to her or how she will get out. Throughout the film, we follow Nat as she tries to figure out what's reality and what are her dreams. After posting a video of herself robbing a convenience store, Kiya amasses a huge social media following. A reckless loner, she seeks some form of genuine human connection. Through her travels, she encounters a drifter, an Internet troll and a paint huffing outsider who are all pulled into her circle of chaos, junk food, and drugs. The fates of two people - adult and teenager - are crossing paths when both of them are on a crossroads of their lives. A portrait of a giant garage complex, located in the largest blockhouse area of Tallinn. Here 700 garage box owners form an extraordinary men's club, and vary from those who just keep their cars and those who adapt their boxes for living. The complex becomes even more unique with the existence of private saunas, a restaurant, an animal clinic and other artifacts of life stuck in time 20 years back. Thanks to his fierce reputation as an aggressive left-handed slugger and his status as a two-time world champion, diminutive Filipino boxer Manny Pacquiao is recognized as one of the hardest punchers in any weight class and a bona fide national hero. Incorporating footage from his most memorable fights, this inspiring documentary chronicles his rise from humble beginnings to unprecedented fame beyond his wildest dreams. The story takes place in a parallel world during a tour of the musician Daniel Melingo in Europe. What looks like real not always is. With elements of surrealism, the 1930s and the 21st century, the plot accompanies him always focused on the intermediate times, when he downs the stage, away from the show. Two siblings on a mission. After their elderly father gets hurt in an accident, they run to his side. He has breaking news about their mother, who abandoned them. He also hid something valuable and now brother and sister must work together. New mother Molly (Eleonore Hendricks) is overcome with the need to run away. Feeling abandoned by her husband and unable to connect with her infant son, she takes up an invitation from her old high school group of guy friends to go on a weekend trip to the mountains. Without the pressure of daily responsibilities and with the help of psychoactive mushrooms, Molly comes out of her shell and is ready to accept the beauty and love that can be found in nature. When Molly's "trip" turns into a dark out-of-body experience she is forced to choose between the person she was and the person she's become. Mitsuo is a boxer who prefers dogs but ends up looking after two cats that his brother rescues. Almost all the employees of a spicy sauce factory are slaughtered. Responsible for this drama: hitman Victor Patibulo, notorious for sucking on a pacifier ever since his favorite poodle got killed. One body is absent among the dead: big boss Heraclito, who had just created a revolutionary new sauce. Is there a connection? There's only one man who'll be able to find out: the handsome, strong and clever Marcello Risk, star of the anti-terrorism unit K.K.D.B.B. Together with his sidekick, Guadalajara Man, big fan of martial arts and bananas, he'll try to solve the mystery. But there are many weird and wonderful enemies on their path, their boss is mind-bogglingly dumb and their residential science genius hasn't eaten in weeks. Cutbacks, you know! Katherine Morrissey, a former Christian missionary, lost her faith after the tragic deaths of her family. Now she applies her expertise to debunking religious phenomena. When a series of biblical plagues overrun a small town, Katherine arrives to prove that a supernatural force is not behind the occurrences, but soon finds that science cannot explain what is happening. Instead, she must regain her faith to combat the evil that waits in a Louisiana swamp. Eleven gay Italians make a sports pilgrimage across Europe, smashing balls and breaking hearts. During one fateful weekend, the family of brilliant astrophysicist Albert James has a complete meltdown, setting in motion a raucous and hilarious series of events that mirror his radical theories of the behavior of the universe. It's five years later and Tony Manero's Saturday Night Fever is still burning. Now he's strutting toward his biggest challenger yet - making it as a dancer on the Broadway stage. Lily, a failing and fairly crap stand-up comedian, falls for Spike, a sexy physicist who enlists her to work on his teleportation machine, changing her life forever. Frank and the Wondercat is a creative personal documentary that follows Frank Furko, an 80-year old eccentric living in the Pittsburgh suburb of Plum, and explores the themes of memory, loss, friendship and mortality. Taking stock of his life, Frank tries to reconcile with the forty years working on the family farm with his domineering father, the end of his 20 year marriage and his role as a celebrity derived from an unusual but deeply felt friendship with Pudgie Wudgie, his twenty pound performing house-cat. Supported by Frank's twenty years of VHS video archives, mesmerizing footage that is strange, oddly beautiful, and often hilarious - this is an intimate and thoughtful portrait of an older man struggling to reconcile with his past. An American film director screening his new film in Budapest meets one of the subjects of that film. What begins as a simple chat over coffee turns into an alternately comic and suspenseful road trip. Roos is pretty, successful and in her early-thirties. Every time she dreams of marriage, she gets dumped. When she gets invites to weddings from people all around her, she takes her young intern Daan as her date. She puts herself in awkward situations en falls deeply in love with a handsome doctor. They say one marriage leads to the other, but is he the one she'll say "Yes, I do!" to? Balgar is a brand known among the 10-18 age group, almost 100%. Balgar is a peculiar subculture phenomenon that in less than five years managed to become a favorite of tens and even hundreds of thousands of teenagers. And now come down from the computer to conquer the big screen. The first Bulgarian full-length animated film from more than 40 years. The first Bulgarian independent animated film. The first Bulgarian 3D Stereoscopic Movie. A divorced father reconnects with his son when they track down a stolen toolbox over the course of a weekend. Anna is stuck: she's approaching 30 and has just moved back to her rural home-town, and into a shed in her mother's backyard. She spends her time working a menial job at a local boating center and hides in the depths of her imagination, making movies with her thumbs. Irritated by her childish behavior, Anna's mother insists that she move out of her shed and on with her life. When a troubled young boy starts hanging around, the two form an unlikely bond. Through their strange yet mutually beneficial friendship, Anna slowly begins to confront her perpetual state of arrested development. After a bank robbery goes wrong, hides out in a small town Church, but is then mistaken for its new pastor. A twelve-year-old existentialist kid runs away from home to meet his favorite philosopher, Albert Camus, not knowing he has been dead for fifty years. On his way he finds love and rejection for the first time in his life. Soloman Crow pays a visit to his god fearing, bible quoting, closeted homosexual brother and his sexually repressed wife. He enters their home with a proclamation to kick a drug habit that almost cost him his life. Broke, it doesn't take Soloman long to start conning and scheming his way around the city to feed his ravenous cravings for dope and sex. Even his brother's wife isn't immune to Soloman's mind games... If you want a hero with redeeming qualities, look somewhere else. A documentary about Night Mayors. What drives them? From sunset to sunrise, the film shows how important these 'mayors' are for the nightlife of the city. The film revolves around the life of a childless couple, Arindam, a police officer and his beautiful wife, Sharmila. They have a pet dog named Pluto, who accidentally runs off on a summer afternoon. What follows afterwards in the life of this couple is what the film is all about.  What do real estate tycoon Donald Trump and the Heinz Tomato Ketchup dynasty have in common? Their ancestors come from Kallstadt, a small, quiet winegrowing village in the German Palatinate region. This powerful entrepreneurial spirit must be part of the genetic make-up! Director Simone Wendel-also from Kallstadt-explores the issue in depth. An eclectic group of people scratch out a living in Las Vegas by dressing up as bizarre characters and begging tourists for tips to pose with them for photographs. A love story, portraying the dilemmas and inevitable consequences of ambition. It is a film about a woman's fight for independence, a woman trying to succeed with her own art in the extremely competitive world of dance. During spring break, two buddies kidnap their broken-hearted friend and embark on a road trip to Lake Havasu. Alexa Cavender, pressured to find a relationship, takes an interesting approach by only dating those matched at less than 30%. A down-to-earth portrait of art school life. Charts the trials and tribulations of Ana, a free-spirited 26 year-old returning home to Strasbourg for the summer after living abroad for long enough to feel out of place everywhere. Stuart, a 72 year old Jehovah's Witness suppressing his sexuality since childhood, is eventually exposed by his religious community for seeing another man in secret. Because of their children's bad grades, some parents want the teacher Mrs. Muller gone. They meet with Mrs. Muller and try to convince her to leave the class. Two professors team up to locate a lost treasure and embark on an adventure that takes them from a Tibetan ice cave to Dubai, and to a mountain temple in India. A shoe theft in the ICE is the prelude to a wild kaleidoscope of relationships and dependencies between different urban people who relish as in a cobweb fidget. A jobless gay actor is offered the dream role of a lifetime in a feature film, but he must play an elderly drag. He will be forced to overcome his fears and prejudices to understand better himself and the others. Bird, a smart level-headed tween, and her immature stoner mom gracelessly navigate the arrival of Bird's first period, which she gets on the last day of school... in front of the entire class. Two innocent brothers are assigned a mission by a terrorist to detonate a bomb. In a world of smoke and mirrors, we expose the movers, shakers and key players who puppeteer the brightest talent and engineer the most exclusive events during one of the biggest film festivals in the world. Hoodslam is a the story of an upstart pro wrestling promotion from Oakland California. See as they grow from their meager beginnings out of a dilapidated warehouse to become one of the most controversial theatrical spectacles in the country. A young man journeys to the estate of rich family in Santa Barbara, California, to visit his mother, who works there as a maid and whom he hasn't seen in many years. He winds up getting involved in adultery and a murder plot and uncovering some long-hidden secrets that no one in the family wants revealed. Anastacio lives in Lisbon and is fanatic for Sporting, one of the city's football teams. When the team travels to face Porto, he follows it with the family, staying in house of his friend, Mr. Barata, pretending to be rich. Jack Woods is a simple man who finds himself in an extraordinary situation when he must rescue his estrange wife, Jill, from Genetically Modified killer trees. Jack soon finds himself the leader of a rag tag group of heroes out to save the world from the wildly spreading vegetation. Two professional con artist sisters go on the run and assume the identities of The Wilding Sisters, guest stars of a poetry retreat in the depths of the Black Mountains. A romantic comedy drama about love, crime, spirituality, and soul Yim goes to English school to keep his Japanese girlfriend in this Thai romantic comedy.  In this third installment in the "Iron Ladies" film series, which tells the story of a volleyball team made up of gay and transsexual members, the Iron Ladies are itching to start playing volleyball again after watching an exciting international match between Thailand and Japan. Even in their forties, they put in all their effort and train tirelessly just to compete in the Thailand National Volleyball Championship in order to reclaim the title they once had.  When Cole stays up past his bedtime, he discovers that his hot babysitter is part of a Satanic cult that will stop at nothing to keep him quiet. A comedy homage to the drive-in monster movies of the 50s. The movie is about engineer named Mantra, who shifts to Hyderabad after landing a job. When unidentified goons attempt to murder her, she seeks help from her friend. A film 35 years in the making. One man's journey to become a legend of the Boardwalk by claiming the title of World Champion in the fast paced sport of professional Skeeball. In a desperate search to create a follow-up to Joe Swanberg's 2011 film Uncle Kent, Kent Osborne travels to a comic book convention in San Diego where he loses his mind and confronts the end of the world.  Laurie Kilmartin's tweeting while her father was in hospice quickly garnered press and Twitter followers. Her comments are as painful as they are hilarious and give voice to the very human thoughts we keep to ourselves as a loved one passes from life to death. Filmed at The Lyric Theater in Los Angeles, California, Laurie speaks about cancer, hospice, death, grieving, and funerals. A passing truck spills a variety of hats, causing Elmer and Bugs to change personalities in rapid succession to fit the headgear they wind up wearing. A wealthy broker, his butler, and a poor abusive seller, following an economic meltdown, all see their social positions change. When the rich becomes poor, the former abusive seller accommodates the rich and the butler. The three thus learn to live together. A highly respected priest conspires with his mistress to poison both her husband and his own wife. Audrey and Morgan, two thirty-year-old best friends in Los Angeles, are thrust unexpectedly into an international conspiracy when Audrey's ex-boyfriend shows up at their apartment with a team of deadly assassins on his trail. Vera and Nikita have been married for 3 years. In the midst of another joyful quarrel they exchange views on what should be a "normal man" and "a good wife." And the next morning ... everyone wakes up with a "perfect half." Nikita has a blonde wife blonde, which is a good cook; Vera has a caring husband, a businessman, he buys her favorite breakfast croissants. With whom is life better? Be careful with your dreams - sometimes they come true! Three ordinary guys are thrust into a parallel world of an old Sci-Fi movie. Trapped in a low budget universe they must somehow fight their way home before it is too late. Newly-promoted if none too happily married Howard Brubaker leaves a rowdy Company party early with the stunning Catherine, whom it turns out is herself unhappily married - to the boss. They spend an innocent night in New York becoming more and more attracted to each other, so that when Catherine announces she intends to leave her husband and return to Paris Howard asks to go along too. In the cold light of morning problems and pressures from spouses crowd in THE ARYANS is Mo Asumang's personal journey into the madness of racism during which she meets German neo-Nazis, the US leading racist, the notorious Tom Metzger and Ku Klux Klan members in the alarming twilight of the Midwest. In The ARYANS Mo questions the completely wrong interpretation of "Aryanism" - a phenomenon of the tall, blond and blue-eyed master race. Without work, Diego maintains a single goal: to live again regardless Capital. He decides to leave his family in the Delta of Tigre and obsessive becomes a seller in the showroom of a building: a model that will perfectly absurd situations live on the brink of madness. Lucas, a young lawyer obsessed with crime novels, turns a chance encounter with a beautiful woman into a date ending in his bed. But when he wakes up alone, missing a secret stash of cash, the game's afoot. Inspired by his favorite gumshoes, Lucas looks for clues. What was once a love story becomes the caper to end all capers.  In the wake of her husband's betrayal, a novelist and mother moves to an old building, where she receives a music box and encounters a strange spirit. The story of three brothers who have to face the failure of their dairy business. A gathering of friends goes awry when an uninvited guest appears. With a pickax. And an attitude. Austin (Aaron Mees) is a rising high school football star, who has his life all mapped out, until his coach (Mike Setzer) makes a decision that forces him to change the course of his life. Austin finds himself in a new home, a new school, with a new set of friends and a whole bunch of problems. Just when it seems the world has Austin down for the count, he gets up, shakes off the world, and forever changes his destiny. Rick exists in the present, but lives as if his favourite decade, the 1980s, never ended.  When his 80s-inspired lifestyle results in him being the laughing stock of his small town, Rick sets out to fulfill his late father's wish to attend Rocklahoma, an 80s-themed music festival in the United States.  Getting there proves to be much more difficult than Rick imagined; shady club owners, untrustworthy friends, and a lack of money threaten to crush Rick's dreams, and leave him forever stranded in a town that ostracizes him for being different. To reach Rocklahoma, Rick will be forced to make the most important and potentially heartbreaking decision of his life. Three college friends go to the biggest party of the year, each looking for something different: love, sex and a simple human connection. When a supernatural phenomenon disrupts the party, it lights a fuse on what will become the strangest night anyone has ever seen. As the three friends struggle to find what they're looking for, the party quickly descends into a chaos that challenges if they can stay friends or if they can even stay alive. Judge George (Harvey Keitel) brings his young wife, Nathalie (Cameron Diaz), to a remote island for a vacation. But while George accompanies their only neighbor -- Nathalie's childhood friend Lance (Craig Sheffer) -- on a fishing trip, Nathalie spends time with her ex, Kent (Billy Zane). When Kent ends up dead the next morning, Nathalie tries to hide the evidence before her husband gets home. After the body is found, the events of the previous night unravel, with unexpected revelations. Vasutty and his son Sajan are Taxi drivers. When Vasutty drives a 72 model Ambassador, Sajan drives an Innova.  Sajan, Deepak, and Parvathy are best friends. Deepak runs a drama academy and Parvathy is an interior designer. Once Sajan happens to drive Vasutty's car and that changes Sajan and his friends' fortunes forever. At this stage Janaki enters their life. As days pass by they realize that what they thought to be fortune turns out to be their misfortune. Rajasenan's '72 Model' plots their efforts to come across these troubles. Nothing captures the spirit of music like live performances, and this volume of the acclaimed Most Famous Hits series features funk master James Brown in concert, showcasing hits such as "Papa's Got a Brand New Bag." Brown also turns in showstopping performances of "It's Too Funky in Here," "Prisoner of Love," "Georgia on My Mind" and, of course, "I Got You (I Feel Good)," reminding us why James Brown is the Godfather of Soul. The film follows Xu Lai, a former artist whose dreams were dashed when the responsibilities of life set in. With his life now revolving around his wife Cai Bo who is obsessed with having children, the quirks of his eccentric family and his mediocre, ordinary existence, Xu Lai hopes to reconnect with his first love Yang YIi on an upcoming vacation. However, his hopes are dashed when he finds himself wrapped up in a murder investigation that proves truth is often stranger than fiction.  Totol opens the chest without his grandfather's permission in order to learn its secret but can't answer the chest's questions and Mr. Wolf learns the hidden location of the goats. Totol begins a long journey in order to find his mother and save the goats.  A boy with Down syndrome finds himself in a series of funny and at times dramatic situations while trying to emulate his amazingly talented and popular brother. An old man who is a simple worker decides that he wants to buy a cell phone. He goes to buy some second hand ones but by accident the president's used cell phone is the one which he buys. Festival favorite Huub Smit (New Kids Nitro; New Kids Turbo; Bros Before Hos) stars as a Dutch cop raised on far too many American action films in this outrageous action comedy.  It's not easy being a teenager and Mike, a sixteen-year-old, has it espcially hard. He lives in the sticks with his mother, a non-stop nagger, in Faintville, a Canadian timber industry town. He has no father, no friends, not even a favorite meal. Basically, his sole wish is simply to vanish from the face of the earth. One day, Mike writes his own obituary and shoots himself. To his great disappointment he wakes up the in the local hospital. During a routine examination, the doctors discover a plum-sized tumor in his brain. Mike can scarcely believe his luck and keeps the illness to himself to avoid undergoing surgery that would save him. Staring death directly in the eyes, however, changes Mike's point of view and he re-evaluates his opinion of both enchanting and crazy Miranda. Somebody seems to understand him after all. Fireworks revolves around a young man (played by Anger himself) associating with various navy sailors, who eventually turn on him, stripping him naked and beating him to death, ripping open his chest to find a clock ticking inside. Several fireworks then explode, accompanied by a burning Christmas tree and the final shot shows the young man lying in bed next to another topless man.  A psychotic US marine becomes an agent of chaos in a village in southern Mexico during a social uprising. On his journey towards Death, he discovers the truth behind a local tragedy involving a mysterious pregnant girl, and decides to do something about it... but gets it all wrong.  Offering only the finest amenities, the 'TITAN 1C' space-cruiser is considered the most luxurious star-liner ever built. Future spring-breakers on board are excited to be touring through space with some of the world's elite. However, a sudden meteor storm smashes into the hull, and a deadly biological alien life form is let loose on the ship.  Seeking a suitable host, the retrovirus successfully merges with some the passengers, transforming them into seemingly invincible predators with the "touch of death". As the ship is destroyed, the surviving passengers crash on a remote planet, and they learn that one of them is "infected". They must quickly band together before it has a chance to slaughter them all. Possibly the best of all the various films that have used the cliched title 'Kiss of Death'. It stars Vanity as Prince's purple-head-pleasing protege. Group of prostitutes who rely on each other to revolt against their sinister pimps. Their bid for freedom turns much more dangerous than they ever imagined. A group of carpet fitters are sent on a job to an old Country house in the middle of nowhere. However they soon discover it's a trap set up by the savage, cannibalistic family, The Hannings. The carpet fitters are forced to fight for their lives or risk ending up being the evenings dinner. Unfortunately they are not quite your typical heroes! The blood-soaked tale of a Norse warrior's battle against the great and murderous troll, Grendel. Heads will roll. Out of allegiance to the King Hrothgar, the much respected Lord of the Danes, Beowulf leads a troop of warriors across the sea to rid a village of the marauding monster. Samir has given much of his time and money developing ski equipments for a Swedish Olympic athlete. When the contract fails, his business partner and closest friend plans to save their company by sending Samir to represent Algeria at the Winter Olympics! Already broke, and expecting his second child, Samir trains to become the first Algerian cross-country skiing male athlete to participate in the winter games. Samir, the eldest son of an Algerian emigrant must first go back to his father's homeland in order to achieve this goal.  Good Bones is a comedic coming-of-age story set in the cutthroat world of Hamptons Real Estate. Danny O'Brien, 22, dedicates one last summer to his family's failing real estate agency, and to his father Joe's seemingly obsolete values: poetry, integrity, and community. The O'Briens are challenged - endangered - by heartless capitalist modernism, as practiced by the liars and cheaters at Superlative Properties, realtors to the Ultra-Wealthy and Fabulous. Danny complicates the game by falling in love with Clare, a beautiful and suspiciously sophisticated Superlative summer intern. All is framed by the mad swirl of "summer people" who party, sleep around and generally amuse themselves as they indulge in the excesses of "The Season." And key players chase the grand prize: the open auction, on Labor Day, of Tilden Point - the last great parcel of virgin land on the East Coast. The acquisition of a refrigerator is the excuse to expose the happiness and problems of a classic Cuban family in the 50's. Documentary spotlighting six Southern 'women who love women' sharing fascinating, personal stories of the kisses that sealed the deal on their sexuality. Six Romanian artists get to live the dream of their life in a road-movie full of adventures... A few stories about the different Zodiac signs.  Alienated and cold, The Mortician (Method Man) processes the corpses with steely disregard. He is lonely and isolated. He is introduced to his new employee, Noah, (EJ Bonilla) by the morgue boss (Edward Furlong). Noah is a volatile youth working as part of his parole.Noah brings the notorious gangster, Carver (Dash Mihok), and his crew to the mortuary door. The Mortician's attention is pricked by the tattoo of Botticelli's 'Birth of Venus' inked on the body of a murdered woman (Judy Marte), that arrives at the morgue, triggering a series of haunting dreams from his childhood. Discovering a scared child, Kane (Cruz Santiago), fleeing the morgue, he's forced to act. They become reluctant allies, struggling for redemption as they run. Through his awkward heroism, the Mortician reconnects with his long forgotten past, and finds the answers he's been searching for. He find redemption and peace. A sleepy English village is invaded by the cast and crew of a new zombie horror film, but the horror turns real when someone or something starts tearing villagers, cast and crew to shreds. Tom, an over-worked husband and father, abandons his dead-end job to follow his dream of owning his own business. The only problem: he invested everything in a mechanic shop that has a lien in favor of his arch enemy and must now enter a dirt track race to win the prize money and save his family from ruin. A power hungry intern pimps out his apartment to sex-starved politicians, only to find his boss using it to have an affair with the girl of his dreams. Even after his presumed death, Jamie continues to be visited by her lover Isaac, a quantum physicist, who pleads for her to join him in a parallel plane. Guy Carter, an insecure expectant father unable to find work in his field, accepts a job driving hookers around Los Angeles. One long and crazy evening proves to our hero that he is, in fact, up to the task of fatherhood. The Pilliga Yowie, - or 'Jingra' - has haunted the Australian outback for centuries, stalking a remote part of New South Wales, where men seldom dare tread, content to keep to itself... until now. Blokish truck driver Jay and his cameraman buddy Dylan journey into the PIlliga National Park with Liz and Tammy, two good time girls they meet in a pub. Things take a sinister turn when a local legend comes out to play - complete with big teeth, sharp claws and a craving for human flesh! Bollywood 2014 What is art and how does it relate to society? Is its value determined by its popularity or originality? Is the goal profit or expressing one's personal vision? These are some of the questions raised as we follow fiercely independent New York artist Robert Cenedella in his artistic journey through decades of struggling for creative expression. A student, protege and friend of German artist George Grosz, Cenedella is now passing on the legacy of Grosz's approach to art, in the very same room where Grosz taught. In portraying Cenedella's determination to buck the system of what's popular while critiquing that popularity in his attempt to turn the art world upside down, ART BASTARD is a funny, touching, and insightful look inside the maverick mind of a true original. A quartet of bored academics face a night of revelry in the relatively new formation of married adulthood. Also, they're OLD FRIENDS. Aleksey must decide what's better for him - a regular life with his fiance Alyona or adventurous life with a famous journalist Irina. Gay sci-fi comedy about how we are all controlled by media and Government and cannot be free anymore. A young blind woman Carly and her Persian cat Tango travel together all over the UK, Ireland and Europe to competitive cat shows. When an idealistic romantic gets fired from his day job, he is offered a "one-time gig" to break up a girl's relationship for her disapproving parents. This "one-time" gig spreads through word-of-mouth and he ends up becoming a professional match-breaker. However, he ends up falling for one of his clients and must figure out how to balance his secret job with his love-life. Ben's attempt for publicity as a guitarist, first musician in space, innovator of rock technology and prizefighter gains him international fame and fortune, as he reaches for his dreams in a dream. A small-town couple finds the perfect apartment in the big city, except there's one catch: the apartment is home to the ritualistic suicides of a deranged cult. Self-described misanthrope Elle Reid has her protective bubble burst when her 18-year-old granddaughter, Sage, shows up needing help. The two of them go on a day-long journey that causes Elle to come to terms with her past and Sage to confront her future. Every Tuesday night, radio talk show host Stevie Bricks invites his listeners to call in and share their stories. When one night he asks people to share the worst thing they've ever done, high school teacher Ron Welz can't resist. Big mistake--what he reveals sets off a chain of hilariously uncontrollable events adversely affecting his marriage and another couple. And when someone starts sending him body parts, his life really begins to fall apart. Who is tormenting him? An insolent high school student? His best friend? His wife? There are over eight million people in the Naked City, and everyone's a suspect. Bollywood 2014 Din AKA Drango and Ayoi are two friends who are also con-men. Both of them came to Kulala Lumpur only to come across and old friend of them who is now a police officer. However, the two friends lives take a turn when they found a trash bag filled with cash in which they used to pay off their debt. But later they both discover that the money actually belong to a millionaire who wanted to use the money to save her kidnapped daughter. the story of a young villager named Manap, who lately has been frustrated because his newly bought shoes went missing. At the same time, one of the members of the gangster group Father Dragon, called Markos, is responsible for taking Suzi to the gang leader. During the journey, they have gotten lost in a village and Suzi manages to escape from Markos. Suzi stumbles across Manap who is still searching for his missing shoes. When Markos finds Suzi with Manap, Manap realises that the shoes Markos is wearing bear a striking resemblance to his lost shoes. Praveen Patel, a 45-year-old married businessman, is approached by Shanaya, an actress, who wants to move in with him to prepare for a role. So he pretends to be single to impress her. Cool Apocalypse is a comedy/drama that intertwines the stories of two very different relationships, one of which is about to begin and the other of which has just ended. Morgana is a Mexican transgender opera singer with a dream: a sex reassignment surgery. We follow her odyssey all the way to Bangkok as she fights for the identity she has been struggling all her life to construct. When Natalie Conway's father passes away, she believes she will forever be on her own. So when her long lost brother, Luke, returns after a twenty-year hiatus she's elated. He's a missing piece to a familial puzzle that she believed lost. There's only one problem - Luke is a notorious scam-artist, and Natalie is the sole heir to their family's small fortune. Her feelings and his motives collide as brother and sister vie to get what they desire. Two guys start a risky new business to pay off a debt. When a PhD student decides to document a real life sex addict for her dissertation in sex psychology, she becomes much more than a curious observer. Enrico Giusti works for a big corporation: he tries his best to save dying companies. The provocative tale of a woman who snaps under crushing life pressures and assumes the psyche of a vicious dog. Her philandering, absentee husband is forced to become reacquainted with his four children and sister-in-law as they attempt to keep the family together during this bizarre crisis. In an unspecified year in the future, the Captain Pixws and his space pirate crew are forced to deliver tanning showers to every corner of the universe. Dolcezza Extrema starship will live an extraordinary adventure. It's not 1985 anymore...it's 1986, and Chuck Steel is 'the best God damn cop on the force' according to his long suffering boss, Captain Jack Schitt. But even this maverick, renegade, loose cannon, lone wolf, cop on the edge, who doesn't play by the rules has his work cut out when the Governor of LA decides to reduce the licensing hours for clubs and bars triggering a sudden, inexplicable spate of high profile disappearances in the city. The disappearances all have the same thing in common, a crime scene covered in blood but with no sign of the victim. The police are perplexed until they get a break in the case when one of the victims manages to escape. Chuck goes to interview the victim at the hospital but is confronted by a crazed old man who introduces himself as Abraham Van Rental. He warns a disbelieving Chuck that an evil scourge is about to descend on the city of Los Angeles - the scourge of the TRAMPIRES - a mutated hybrid of vampire and tramp. The story of a small .22 caliber gun ties together several episodes involving a cross-section of characters in the Caribbean underworld. Kiriko is pretty girl, working at an office. She also binge eats and then makes herself vomit. The male workers like her, but female workers hate her. Kiriko believes that the only that matters for a woman is being cute. Kiriko has Yuto, who works at a bar. The relationship between Kiriko and Yuto is more than friends, but less than a romantic relationship. A sidekick who tries to do good by the city he swore to protect despite the villains and new superhero that stand in his way. For the first time ever Rico has a friend coming over for a sleepover! After weeks of not seeing each other, Rico and Oskar are reunited again and start their adventure with the weekly bingo at the retirement home. But although Tanja even wins two handbags Oskar seems suspiciously grumpy and Tanja oddly sad. On top of things Oskar's dad leaves a bag in front of the door because he needs some distance from his son. So much heart affliction is too much for Rico! A hit man whose mission is to prevent the printing of a tell-all book written by a former Mafioso, falls in love with the employee who may lose her job if the book doesn't get published.  A day in the life of a 'typical' English family. Intended for African distribution. Vaccuum salesman Evert makes the rounds in a suburban Stockholm apartment building, getting brief glimpses of the various tenants' lives. During the course of the day, he meets an arguing married couple, a lonely older woman and a younger couple preparing an anxious dinner. Comedian Henry Phillips is lured to LA by a renowned TV producer who wants to bring his story of failure to the screen. But when a major network gets involved, Henry must decide whether he wants to make jokes for a living, or be the butt of them. Obsessive egg thieves rob the nests of rare birds while a UK national police initiative named "Operation Easter" tries to stop them. Money is not a factor for these bandits. They are motivated by both their passion for the beauty of the egg as well as the thrill of the chase. Thousands of eggs confiscated in police raids have been found strapped under beds, beneath floorboards, and in secret rooms. With unprecedented access to the most notorious and inconspicuous perpetrators, Poached delves into the psychology of these wildlife criminals as they confront their obsession. Ultimately showing when passion turns to obsession, it can destroy the very object of one's desire. Tok Mudim is the greatest mohel (a specialist ritual circumciser) in Kampung Seri Menawan. However, his renown is tarnished due to the involvement of his assistant Lebai Kulup in a love triangle that also involves Salmah, the prettiest girl in the village and Borhan, Tok Penghulu Abohrudin's son with a secret. Due to his love for Salmah, Borhan decides to face his fears and meet with Tok Mudim for a secret operation. Unknown to them, Lebai Kulup, who is jealous of Borhan, decides to sabotage the operation. The failure of the operation causes Tok Mudim to be hunted by the villagers, following which, he falls into a well and dies. Tok Mudim's death turns him into a vengeful ghost hellbent on exacting his revenge on Kampung Seri Menawan. Character actor Tom Lenk (Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Joss Whedon's Much Ado About Nothing) has long dreamed of performing in the Edinburgh Fringe Festival, the world's largest theater arts festival. Nerdgasm follows Tom's journey through all things nerdy as he prepares to fulfill his aspirations and struggles with his inner demons along the way. Following both the death of her father-in-law and a divorce, Jesse, a New Yorker, returns to a small town to live with her now widowed mother-in-law.  Jesse struggles to fit in with the local townsfolk who don't welcome her with open arms to say the least.  Jesse becomes acquainted with the local pastor, her widowed brother-in-law, falling in love with him, much to the dismay of the community. Things get even more complicated when her ex-husband comes calling, suspiciously trying to win her back.  Between her love life and entangled in-laws, Jesse is tested as she seeks the answer to where she truly belongs. Peace Haven is the story of three friends in their 70's who journey to build a mortuary for themselves and in the process discover the meaning of life ironically through death. Kung Pow Charlie Osborn (Paul Ohlman) is all talk and no action until he crosses paths with a reclusive goat farmer named Mr. Shutaki (Tony Cacaro) who is rumored to be a martial arts master. After receiving a beating for ridiculing a local squadron of deadly ninjas and losing his girlfriend Cindy (Tara Kiely) in the process, Charlie decides to seek out Shutaki in hopes of learning his closely guarded fighting techniques. Can Mr. Shutaki's unique brand of Kung fu training bring Charlie the revenge he so desperately craves, or will it only teach him more than he ever wanted to know about himself and the strange old hermit? Exploding with action and epic fight sequences, Kung Pow Charlie is a pure blast of adrenaline and laughs sprinkled with a heavy dose of insanity....... martial arts style!  Balo, Villaran and Domingo are lifelong friends in their 80s, attending the funeral of their fourth comrade, Quique. On a whim, and fueled by their animosity towards the departed's shrewish wife, they steal the urn containing the ashes and are thrust into a series of misadventures. New Mexico, present day. Brian and Lukas are off to the desert to join a kegger party and to celebrate Lukas' victory in a motocross competition. His winning prize includes meeting The  Deathinator, the biggest action star in the world. The party  gets started under the hot desert sun, but Brian isn't in the mood, so he wanders off and is soon joined by his friend, Lukas. They discover something strange in the desert which leads them into a secret military laboratory, where they discover the disturbing truth of what the government has been doing. Secret experiments on ants and spiders using DNA found in a meteorite which fell to Earth in 1951 has given birth to mutated giant ants which have overrun the facility. Now, it's up to Brian and Lukas to save the  world from a giant ant invasion! Five Aging ex-cons are trying to go straight after being release from prison. But unable to find work, they pin their hopes on a treasure map left to them by an inmate. Dinda is a successful Hotel Manager in Jakarta, but her parents think that she's a failure because she's still single in her 30s. An unacceptable thing for her parents who keeps their traditional culture by heart, where women should have babies in their early 20s. Dinda finally give in by her parents' pressure. She devise a plan to hire an actor, Satrio, to pretend to become her boyfriend for a week. She brings along Satrio to Jogjakarta for her parents' wedding anniversary party. But what it seems as a harmless plan turns into chaos. All Dinda's plan didn't work out as she hope to be. Satrio turns out to be an idealistic and eccentric actor who never follow Dinda's scenario and always has his own act to charm Dinda's parents. Dinda is trying juggling everything in order,but little does she knows that her parents also has their own scenario for Dinda. Hilarity ensues. An American family on holiday in Africa becomes lost in a game reserve and stalked by lions. The Broadway theatre world provides the background for Walter Lang's 1959 comedy about a veteran producer (Clark Gable) falling in love with his twenty-something secretary (Carroll Baker). The cast also includes Lee J. Cobb, Lilli Palmer, Barry Coe, Thomas Gomez and Charles Lane. A young married couple comes home from a date night to discover that they are imprisoned in their own house with a methodical killer inside. Bill is a reluctant astronaut in a fascist society. A non social author and his wife, invites his successful best friend and former girlfriend to save their home from foreclosure.  Two couples go to a mutual friends wedding, and end up swapping partners. The film is set in a fictitious poverty-ridden village of Gowlipady, which is virtually ruled by the ruthless zamindari Bhandaravathi (Sukanya). Kashi (Nedumudi Venu) is a lottery salesman. He is the only literate person of his village. Once, a lottery sold by him happens to win the first prize of 5 Crore Indian Rupee. Greedy Kashi tries to get back the lottery ticket but doesn't know to whom he has sold the ticket to. Peg Carroll demonstrates group work in a live setting. Two young girls collect items for a raffle they say is in support of chronically ill children. Things don't go as planned when an elderly woman gets interested in their work. Northern England, 1912. The dinner of a wealthy family is interrupted by Inspector Goole, who only announces that a young woman has committed suicide. Then, he simply asks everyone present, one by one, if they knew her. The main character is a nameless boy (Juan Jose Ballesta) who was taught to steal wallets by his absent mother. He is able to do the trick effortlessly, using his "earnings" to survive while he looks for his mom. As he runs into an antique store owner, he might have found a trace that will lead to her. First, however, he will have to pull off a few "jobs" for the store owner, and he can't do it alone: enter a nameless girl (Maria Valverde) who gets to learn all the secret techniques the young boy has been using all his life. An ambitious young man struggles to achieve his dream of becoming an employee in a Munich luxury hotel despite being strongly visually impaired. Jo is chained down in a dead end supermarket job while all her friends are all out on their own separate adventures. But a chance encounter with some diamond thieves sends their separate worlds on a collision course with not only each other, but fate itself. The story follows a married couple, apart for a night while the husband takes a business trip with a colleague to whom he's attracted. While he's resisting temptation, his wife encounters her past love. An empathic vagrant sees the horror that's discarded with the trash. A comedy in which the tenants of a high rise work together to defeat a cruel loan shark.  A possessed pinata, seeking to avenge the savagery that humanity has inflicted on his kind, picks off a group of friends, one by one, in an unending night of terror. A comedy or errors, wherein a married man attempts to juggle his three wives along with his current girlfriend. To make their divorce final, a Quaker couple must follow tradition by seeking out everyone who came to their wedding...and asking them to cross their names off the marriage certificate. Della Regal (Amelia Favata) avoids emotional entanglements as she deals with her job at the park program and her turbulent home-life with a huge dose of sarcasm. When her best friends meet, fun-loving, flashy Gwen Stanley (Erin Stamp) falls hard and fast for the passionate,impetuous Kyle Montgomery (Adam S. Dixson). The introduction of beautiful yet insecure Allison, (Casey Litzenberger) creates a love triangle which becomes a square with the addition of Della's eccentric new friend Jeff (Eric Witkowski). Della is caught in the middle as her friends fall in and out of love and is forced to come to terms with her own feelings for the men in her life. A Filipino-American man hires a translator to help translate a letter he wrote for the woman that broke his heart. Three stories that focus on a precocious child who keeps getting into trouble, and the weary guardian who's along for the ride. A horror short film. Since his childhood, interested in cars, car races and dreamed to be a rally pilot but became a minibus driver in Ankara. This movie tells Yusuf's story full of action as well as comedy. Vaibhav has four close friends and he is pressured to make a promise that they should not marry until their death as marriage will break friendship. But Vaibhav is very keen with having affair with girls but all his love flops due to his friends acts.He goes to Madras to find a girl to love. He finds Sonam and they both like each other. Vaibhav's friends finally come to Madras and knowing his affair with Sonam try to separate them, successfully doing so.Later their friends come to know that Vaibhav is very invested in his love and his friends try to make them rejoin again. The film ends with the success of love. Murugan falls in love with Yamuna and with the help of his friend Paandi,he saves Yamuna from a marriage with a notorious money lender. The pain of a breakup brings Raquel to a speed dating. An event where the conversations, short and fragmented, rather seem to resemble a twisted chamber of mirrors. It is then that, in front of Raquel, appears Rita. A meeting that will transform the night into a far greater challenge than Raquel could have ever anticipated. Parallel love stories of three young women in Berlin: Hannah - an unhappy attorney who sexually demeans herself in order to get at least some love and romance, Leni who runs a coffee shop and has just been ditched by her long term boyfriend, and Vivienne who ends up falling in love with a puppy-eyed pasta designer with 21 dogs. Axel lives in a poor village where people work days at the chicken farm and gamble their last pennies at night. It's made Manne, the farm and casino owner, a very powerful man. Axel's debts are so great he has to do whatever Manne says. So he works in Manne's villa but can at least see his childhood love Jenny, who is now Manne's girlfriend. Axel seeks refuge in his imagination. He has rebuilt the entire village as a model in his cottage. Here, he is king, his word is law. Here, he saves Jenny from Manne and sends him running. One day Axel finds a friend, his neighbor Heiner, a strange guy who constantly quotes Karl May and talks happily with his chicken. Only by joining forces will they bring Manne's empire crashing down. People from the city, working to prepare for a new road, come to one underdeveloped Montenegrin village where they encounter the locals. A nerdy girl creates an alter-ego to launch a successful fashion blog. Directed by a different Matthew Price than the MAMO host, this film  follows a team of programmers develop a revolutionary new dating app called Other Halves. On the night before the app is set to launch, they discover it causes strange side effects: users lose all self-control, becoming amoral, lascivious, violent... evil. They consider shutting the app down, but... Evil is profitable.  A seriously-funny and wickedly-subversive look at the role of comedy in examining the pressures on women to be attractive and society's desire and shame relationship with plastic surgery. Following his confrontation with the nefarious DOA organization, Ken (Chow Yun Fat) is looking forward to going back to enjoying his retirement. His rest is cut abruptly short when his protege Vincent (Shawn Yue), who's now working for Interpol, asks for Ken's help in taking down the real mastermind behind DOA, Aoi. The two head to Thailand, where DOA's former chief accountant Mark (Nick Cheung) has escaped with his daughter. Nurick and Yaroslav are trying to robe a criminal boss. Unfortunately Nurick dies but returns to the world with a mission: to be the guardian angel of Yaroslav. Saravanan runs a company that supplies man power to political meetings and campaigns. He falls in love with Maya when they meet by chance. Saravanan's father has three sisters who have an enmity with him. How Saravanan unites his father with his sisters forms the crux of the story. For Sebastian Silverberg life is all about his appearance, partying and his enormous ego. Things are going smoothly when an accident leaves him blind, forcing him to re-evaluate his life and to seek meaning beyond appearances. Victor, a 37 year old hairstylist at Mexico has a really standard routine: he works, plays domino, watches soccer and cleans his house. He also likes romantic music and old classic mexican movies. But suddenly, he has to break this routine and go to Rio the Janeiro. A paranormal investigator, trapped in a haunted skyscraper on Christmas Eve. The skeptical young woman, Georgette Dubois, is horrified once confronted with the reality of the supernatural. She risks life and limb to escape her ghoulish prison, stranded on the 11th floor. Munde Kamaal De is an upcoming Punjabi comedy film directed by Amit Prasher and written by Naresh Kathuria. The film is produced by Prem Parkash Gupta with Starring Amrinder Gill, Yuvraj Hans, Binnu Dhillon and Mandy Takhar in the lead. Claire and Maurice have to take the whole family to Claire's father's funeral. This tightly knit family is not only composed of Claire's vegetarian son, Alex, who's secretly fond of Maurice's daughter, Lucie, the teenage rebel, but also Claire's brother, a poet living under his sister's roof; without forgetting young Prune, Claire and Maurice's daughter, who will develop a passion for the country's emblematic cows. They must all strive to get along during the road trip to Willouby. Francois Sim considers himself worthless and he may have good reasons for that. Hasn't he lost his job as well as his wife Caroline? Isn't he unable to relate to Lucy, his teenage daughter? Didn't he, when he was eighteen miss out on passion whereas the sexy, gorgeous Luigia opened her arms to him? This documentary is perhaps one of the most notorious subject matters on the 1980's Male Revue. We hear from the actual 1980'S former Chippendale performers and others. We explore vintage footage from the 1980's to the present day lives of Michael Rapp, Dean Mammales, John Richardson, Scott Marlowe, David Cohen and Brian Carpenter. A must see! Behind the scenes, up close and personal. Two brothers were separated in childhood at an orphanage, only to find each other as adults 30 years later. But right after their reunion, their birth mother, who suffers from Alzheimer's disease, suddenly disappears. So Sang-yeon (a pastor raised in America) and Ha-yeon (a shaman) team up together and go on a road trip to search for her. What could be a simple love story for Jonathan and Jenna turns out to be mayhem. Jonathan's best friend Andy wants to prove that Jenna looks like an adult film star and his boss is black-mailing him who turns out to be Jenna's brother-in-law. A mysterious VHS falls in the hands of a porn store owner and his crew. Jessica Miller is thrust into the "real" world when she graduates from college. To conquer this new world, she must discover her faith, open a box of memories and learn the simple secrets of life only a mother can share.  An aesthetic journey based on portraits of personalities filmed by the french film-maker Gerard Courant. The resulting film investigates the subject of the portrait under various aspects : universes of forms, colours, rhythms and identities... The story of the post World War II Jewish refugee situation from liberation to the establishment of the modern state of Israel.  Sunny Holiday, an aspiring singing star, abandons his wife and young baby to set off on a nine-month tour of bleak western towns. He takes off with his road manager in a pink Chrysler in search of their own version of the American Dream: a country loving audience. On August 20, 2013, shortly after arriving to work at the Ronald E. McNair Discovery Learning Academy in Decatur, Georgia, Antoinette the school's bookkeeper, was in the front office when Michael Hill, a young man with a history of mental illness, snuck in, armed with an AK-47 and hundreds of rounds of ammunition. As the school went into lockdown, Antoinette was left alone with Michael, who repeatedly threatened to kill everyone. Let The Music Play is the authorized story of The Doobie Brothers from their beginnings as a biker band in California in 1970, through their breakthrough with Listen To The Music in 1972, sustained success and line-up changes in the mid-seventies and their change of musical direction and further success following the arrival of Michael McDonald in 1976. Worn out by non-stop touring and internal disagreements the band broke up after a farewell concert in 1982. There were sporadic reunions in the eighties before the band reformed permanently in the early nineties and have continued touring and recording ever since. This new film features contributions from all the surviving key band members, their manager Bruce Cohn and long term producer Ted Templeman to tell the full story of the band's highs and lows through four decades of musical evolution.  It's no surprise when Karo is fired. She is loud, over-emotional and egocentric, more so than the average Berliner wise-ass, says her best friend Anna. Karo is not one to give up easily, though: she opts for radical change and goes into therapy. Although her therapist advises her to keep calm, Karo throws herself into it. In 2010, the city of Leitchfield, Kentucky decided to outlaw any and all references to Santa Claus for Christmas, in an attempt to de-commercialize the holiday. The events that happened leading up to Christmas are still under investigation. The evidence, discovered in 2017, has been pieced together with news footage, security footage, police footage and City Counsel footage During another tumultuous Thanksgiving holiday, one family suffers a tragedy: loss of all cell phone reception throughout the house. The sudden media blackout forces the clan to face all their crises head-on--and uncover a few ugly truths along the way.  A conflicted animation filmmaker travels to Argentina chasing after a girl he met online, only to end up living with her and her intimidating boyfriend on an isolated island on the outskirts of Buenos Aires. The beginning musician Kostya Potekhin, in order to win the favor of a beautiful girl, agrees to participate in a musical television contest. But you only need to participate with your musical group, which he does not have. Within a few days, he will have to assemble his group, find reliable friends and meet real love. Kahraman is a naive and right-minded guy. In a lovely Anatolian town, he earns a living as an attendant in a Turkish bath inherited from his great grandfathers. One day, a wealthy constructor named Tuncay wants to demolish the bath and the marketplace it is located in, and build a mall in their place. Barber Cemil, Kahraman's enemy, convinces the craftsmen in the marketplace and collaborates with Tuncay to start the demolishment immediately. Kahraman does not want the marketplace he was born into to be demolished and he does not believe in the empty promises of Tuncay. It's been seven years since film academy graduate Stefan Keller released his celebrated short film. Ever since, Keller has been in a creative crisis. Although he already filled 2000 pages with notes for his first feature film, the rough draft is far from finished. Much to the disappointment of his girlfriend Christina whose biological clock is ticking. Now, living in a basement room and in financial distress, Keller takes on a job as an anonymous tester of youth hostels. It's the beginning of a mad odyssey: Keller desperately fights for his film idea, tries to save his relationship and encounters strange characters and ordinary folk, all searching for the meaning of life. During a school trip to Prague a group of friends leave the hotel and party through the night. In the spirit of "American Movie" and "Be Kind Rewind," Double Digits introduces us to inspiring, fifty-year-old YouTuber Richard Miller as he directs himself and his cast of dolls and action figures in the weirdest zero-budget feature films you've never seen. His threshold for success? More than nine views. A comedic and episodic look at how the Brain Institute helped 81 people with their brain skills--from the ordinary (intelligence and creativity) to the extraordinary (controlling the weather and bending space-time). But one man is determined to show that the head of the Brain Institute is a fraud and a charlatan.  Bombay 70, pin code of Kurla West, is the wild undergrowth behind the veneer of civilization. Born and brought up up here is the protagonist of our short documentary who shows us what it means to be a resident of the notorious Rambachan shawl. The story illuminates the transformation of this 21 year old boy who is a product of the choices the city throws at him. A city with multiple faces; one named Naved, a conservative sunni muslim who performs Namaaz five times a day and one named Naezy, a poet waiting in the wings. Bahadir, an aspiring 35-year-old director, spends his life making cheap television films inspired by the stories of folk songs. On the other hand, he has a great ambition to make films like his idol, Tarkovsky. He stands between his dreams and the real, tragicomic conditions. When an old-school bar owner and his unruly daughter get caught up in a cat-and-mouse game of corporate espionage, it will take brains, brawn and help from the lesser of two evils to make it out alive. One night with a total stranger. And fate brought them together once again. That's where their whirlwind romance started. Kiira seems like an ordinary young girl, who likes to talk with her friends and to dress up. Her ultimate goal is to become the world's best baker, but what differentiates her from others is that she is a vampire. She has never told anyone her secret, including her childhood friend Tetsu, whom she played with everyday and liked as a child. After her parents died when Kiira was only 12-years-old, she had to go live with her relatives and lost contact with Tetsu.  Now, 8 years later, Tetsu appears at the bakery where Kiira is working part-time. Kiira is ecstatic to see her first love again. Soon, they are dating and Kiira dreams of having a family with Tetsu. Kiira also becomes filled with worries because she is vampire. A wolf, deprived of meat by war rationing and starving, sees an article in the newspaper about a sheepdog leaving his flock to join the army and thinks it will be easy pickings. However, if he had read the rest of the article first, he would have known that the flock is now guarded by the ram, "Killer Diller," a formidable foe. When the straightforward approach doesn't work, the wolf dresses as an attractive lady sheep, which immediately lures the amorous ram. The hapless wolf's attempt to club the ram, however, fails when he whacks an overhanging branch instead. He escapes, to another tree that conveniently has a safe hanging in it; it drops on the ram, but he emerges unscathed. Next is an anti-aircraft gun, but the ram hauls the disguised wolf inside. The panicked wolf runs for hours, finally tearing off his disguise in desperation "I'm a wolf!" "So am I!" Arjun and Karna, two happy-go-lucky friends who have resigned from their jobs, start a bad news delivery service and one of their assigments ends up in a marriage getting cancelled. And the bride happens to be the sister of Arjun's girlfriend Anjali! Can they undo the damage? Bollywood 2015 A conman gains the power to see and communicate with ghosts and decides to use it to make money. His happy-go-lucky lifestyle goes for a toss when a ghost who is his look-alike approaches him with an offer. The movie, for the most part, charts the AIDS epidemic in France from 1980 - present through the microcosm of a family, but particularly through their gay son Nicolas, who narrates the story. A small-time hooligan hired to kill a girl and an aspiring movie actor find themselves in the wrong place due to a mix-up. Now, the gangster who ordered the hit is after all the three of them. Maya, a headstrong 28-year-old with artistic ambitions - a strong contrast to what her father Ed wants: a dutiful daughter to run the family store. Ed is shocked when Maya takes her assertions of independence a step further and decides to travel to Africa for inspiration and returns with a fiance who is not quite what he seems. Don Gilberto Zaragoza is a wealthy man whose life is drawing to an end. As he deliberates on the fate of his fortune, his family tries to speed up his demise. The Scorpion King teams up with a female warrior named Tala, who is the sister of The Nubian King. Together they search for a legendary relic known as The Book of Souls, which will allow them to put an end to an evil warlord. A hapless 20-something is forced to flee the city and hide out with a tribe of hippies after witnessing a brutal murder by a gang of criminal hairdressers. An independent film from Hyderabad inspired by Iranian master Jafar Panahi's Taxi Tehran. A ruthless, cynical, hated publisher is killed in a plane crash, doomed to be a "restless" spirit for being unloved. A heavenly power gives him a month on Earth to find one person to shed a tear for him before his fate is sealed. Dolly, an attractive woman, fakes marriages and runs away stealing all the precious belongings of the groom and his family. Dolly's modus operandi is to get her fake brother to identify prospective grooms &amp; then entice these men to fall in love with her. Attracted by her charms, these prospective grooms are ready to do anything for dolly including going against their parents' wishes to marry her. Neck leads a quiet life, totally subordinated to his wife. His colleagues are out of town, and the neck is working in the company ordering the highway. When the case agent stars, feisty Clementine, sexy blonde kidnaps him to Warsaw, where the neck turns into a celebrity. To rescue a friend moves Phicol and Jadzka jealous wife. Roger is a foster child whose irresponsible father promises to get his act together when Roger's favourite baseball team, the California Angels, wins the pennant. The problem is that the Angels are in last place, so Roger prays for help to turn the team around. Sure enough, his prayers are answered in the form of angel Al. Podcast giants join forces for one night in New York City, to create the "Lollapalooza of podcasts." Featuring live stage performances by Radiolab, Invisibilia, Reply All, The Truth, Lauren Lapkus and SNL's Bobby Moynihan. Plus music by horn quartet The Westerlies, dance by Cocoon Central Dance Team, cameos by Ira Glass and Sarah Koenig, original comedy videos, and more. An ordinary bachelor pursues girls like a hunter, but not with the intention of settling down in life. 30-year-old Pong, a single father struggling to look after, and be a role model for, his 7-year-old daughter. Chaos ensues when Pong and his friends set out on a mission to find a rare Berryz Kobo concert ticket for his daughter. In a 3rd year military course at Khao Chon Kai, two groups of military students are trying to dominate each other. There were many conflicts and bullies between them since they were at their high schools. At their practice on the field, they always make troubles causing their mentors to punish their entire company. Other than the conflicts between the two gangs, there seems to be a mystery along their military course here, especially at night time. Not so long, they have found out that one of their current mentor, sarge Danai, was dead. They need to bare on an extra field practice from the sarge. The 94 years old Alma is a passionate environmentalist. She doesn't like the deforestation of the rain forests at all, that the Germans eat ever more meat, and that animals are fattened in concentrated animal feeding operations across the country. The pensioner looks for equal minded people via adverts in the local papers and  gets to know the young kindergarten worker Vicky. Both participate in a group meeting in the restaurant "Los Veganeros", where they and other environmental activists plan their projects. During one of these meetings Vicky propose to abduct the pig fattening industrialist Heinz Granitzka to force the public to take notice of the horrible conditions the animals are being forced to live in. The group all but jumps at that idea and start to carry it out, with fatal results. Village boy Monayi comes visiting his cousin & confidante Kuttan (Hari Nair). Kuttan is in love with his college mate (Deepthi) but their love story hits a roadblock when her father decides to marry her off to someone else. The couple decides to get their marriage registered but due to some unforeseen circumstances, Monayi steps in to take Kuttan's place! Claude Sautet's romantic drama stars Romy Schneider as Rosalie, a beautiful young woman involved with successful businessman Cesar. One day, Rosalie's former flame David appears and attempts to win her back. Cesar reacts with a jealous intensity never before seen by Rosalie, and because of that, she returns to David. She remains conflicted regarding her choice of partner, but eventually, one of the men does something which resolves the situation. J. Kessels is the story of the bizarre road trip taken by a French literary pulp writer with his favourite character J. Kessels. The journey takes them from Tilburg to the Hamburg Reeperbahn in Kessels' old American 'Kamikaze' clunker as they seek out cheating dealer. When they get there they find a corpse in the trunk of the Kamikaze: easy to find, but how do you get rid of it? Gopala Rao, an atheist, finds himself in the midst of crises. When Govinda Hari enters his home, Rao's life changes in miraculous ways. Village Guys is a 2015 Malayalam language Indian Comedy film White hat hacker Charlie (Derek Wilson, "Preacher," "Future Man") finds out that his best friend Bobby was caught masturbating on video and is now being blackmailed by the infamously unidentifiable Moraler - a glorified cyber bully who is the mastermind behind recent anti-establishment hacks. After struggling actress Carolyn (Jessica Copeland) gets hacked, Charlie and Jack decide to embark on a tense and amusing search for the twistedly righteous Moraler before he releases Bobby's graphic masturbation video to social media. The suspense and wit keep you captivated and laughing with cameos from Sean Kleier ("Odd Mom Out") and Devin Ratray ("Nebraska," "Blue Ruin"). "Life Hack" is an incredibly relevant comedic cautionary tale about our digital privacy...or complete lack thereof. Trapped near the summit of K2, the world's second-highest mountain, Annie Garrett radios to base camp for help. Brother Peter hears Annie's message and assembles a team to save her and her group before they succumb to K2's unforgiving elements. But, as Annie lays injured in an icy cavern, the rescuers face several terrifying events that could end the rescue attempt -- and their lives. Tom Noonan's play-turned-film 'What Happened Was...' won the Sundance Grand Jury Prize for Best Dramatic Feature in 1994. Now, 20 years later, Noonan has returned to his roots with the SHAPE of SOMETHING SQUASHED, an independent film developed from his latest theatrical hit. It tells the story of an older 'has been' actor who is asked to participate in a read-through of a play at a legendary theater company. The production depends on the success of the read-through, but unbeknownst to the actor he is only standing in for a star playing hard to get. Each character is desperate for their world to become what they've dreamed, making this story both funny and heartbreaking in its depiction of life in, and out of, the theater. A narcissistic T.V. weatherman, along with his attractive-but-distant producer and mawkish cameraman, is sent to report on Groundhog Day in the small town of Punxsutawney, where he finds himself repeating the same day over and over. The Movie "Hebrews to Negroes: Wake Up Black America" uncovers the true identity of the Children of Israel by proving the true ethnicity of Abraham, Ishmael, Isaac, Jacob, the Sons of Ham, Shem & Japheth. Find out what Islam, Judaism and Christianity has covered up for centuries in regards to the true biblical identity of the so-called "Negro" in this movie packed with tons of research. Frank Mollard, divorced but still attached, can't move on and also can't sell a house in a property boom, much less connect with his teenage son. One night Frank gets a phone call from his mother. Nothing out of the ordinary there - apart from the fact that she died the year before. Elena a young girl brought up by a horoscope-addicted mother to have her life dictated by signs and omens. When Elena's mother dies in a fire, she decides to wage war on the stars by doing the exact opposite of what her daily horoscope is dictating. A group of friends aims to be successful with his band. Chasing his dream they accidentally find a scroll that leads to a hidden treasure in the Sao Luis island. They believe that finding this treasure may finance the band and achieving fame. What they do not know is that the city of Sao Luis and all its inhabitants depend on their help to avoid being destroyed by a giant mythological creature. Direct Ishq is a love triangle where Dolly Pandey is the common love interest of Kabeer Bajpai an event organiser and Vicky Shukla President of Kashi Vidyapeeth. This is the history of Gorete, popular radio hostess, who receives an unexpected inheritance from her father, who had been missing from her life for years. However, our character can only take possession of the money on one condition: to marry. What could be the dream of every woman is, however, the nightmare of ridiculous Gorete, who is still in love with her lost childhood love. A tournament for choosing her future husband, a non-traditional wedding, absurd assassination attempts and her inseparable friends, Domitilla and Marivalda, complete the picture of this fun, light and inspiring love story. A surreal dark comedy set inside a virtual environment, Emergence is a film about the corruption of consumerism and the nature of reality. Haruko is a girl who prefers to cuddle up to her old-fashioned TV set. In this wondrous story, a television can transform into a man: and this is by no means the end of the strange cheerfulness. A no-budget independent comedy about young Midwestern men and their fear of, desire for and fascination with women. The real-life deportation of gangster Lucky Luciano was the inspiration for this romanticized and slightly crackbrained crime drama. Jeff Chandler plays the Luciano counterpart, who once he arrives in Italy renews his criminal activities. In the Philippine remake of the 2014 South Korean film of the same name, an elderly woman in her 70s suddenly finds herself to be in her 20s after having her picture taken in a mysterious photo studio. When the woman he loves commits herself with another, Joe, a ridiculous huaso who thinks he is a cowboy, steals from him a valued horse in which he embarks on a journey where he meets singular characters who convince him to fight again for her. Following the events of Captain America: Civil War, Peter Parker, with the help of his mentor Tony Stark, tries to balance his life as an ordinary high school student in Queens, New York City, with fighting crime as his superhero alter ego Spider-Man as a new threat, the Vulture, emerges. A virus spreads through an office complex causing white collar workers to act out their worst impulses. A group of friends make a pact to break the record of crashing 100 parties without invitation. This meta-cinematic coming-of-age drama centers around two roommates who secretly dream about one another. While Rob is off shooting a film, Dylan discovers Rob's diary and begins to see his friend in a new light. The reality of their lives and the fiction of the movie-within-the-movie begin to intertwine to reveal a story about the power of friendship and creativity alike. From Director Brandon Ho &amp; Writer Joseph Reidhead comes the Romantic Comedy "Missed Connections" a story about love, identity, the universe, and well, sandwiches.  Marc Reid (Kevin O'Keefe), a discouraged romance novelist, is setup on a blind date with girl named Melissa by his over excited sister Julia (Sarah Kent). Marc, a little less than enthusiastic, ends up picking up Jessie (Tatum Langton) instead of Melissa from the apartment complex. As the night unfolds Jessie and Marc meet up with old friends Gary (Bryce Chamberlain) and Mary (Renny Grames) and make a couple of new friends along the way.  Things are complicated by Jessie's boyfriend Trent (Lawrence Fernandez). But will Jessie and Marc be able to find love? Can Jessie help Marc rediscover romance and his passion of writing or are they cursed to simply be another missed connection? "If you don't have your own plan, you'll damn sure be a part of someone else's." That quote kicks off the first of multiple story lines, in the crime ensemble "Bubblegum &amp; Broken Fingers." This character-driven collage of sex, violence and survival is equal parts western, gangster and love stories. We follow the journey of a mysterious silver briefcase and witness the havoc it brings each new owner. This time, there's no wedding. No bachelor party. What could go wrong, right? But when the Wolfpack hits the road, all bets are off. The film revolves around a Hindu man (Paresh Rawal) who goes through an identity crisis when he discovers he was adopted as a son in a Hindu family but was born in a Muslim family. The journey starts with finding his real father.  In a time of corruption, four brothers are deputized to apprehend the man behind all of it. Until everything goes terribly wrong. Saturday Night Live has been reflecting and influencing life in the United States for forty years. LIVE FROM NEW YORK! goes deep inside this television phenomenon exploring the laughter that pulses through American politics, tragedy, and pop culture. Formosa Boulevard The film follows a man with an unwanted gift for healing who meets a teenager with cancer who helps him to find himself. Maria Laura "Mala" is an actress with little luck, but she is successful working for other women, seducing their boyfriends to know if they are faithful or not. But everything changes when her dream to perform in her acting career depends on a job to be performed with Santiago who breaks the pattern and shakes her professional convictions. A drama about several lonely inhabitants of the same council estate, adapted by Benchetrit from his novel. After a shallow womanizer refuses a mysterious homeless woman's request for a kiss, he wakes up the next morning to discover he's been changed into a woman. A timid accountant tries to earn his living as a rather unsuccessful hitman, until one stormy night he pulls a trigger for the first time and becomes a target for the vengeful mafia boss, murderous gangsters, trigger-happy cops and a gorgeous blonde from hell - and if he's not careful his own wife might catch wind of his double life too. Afraid her husband will fall back with his ex girlfriend after they're assigned to work together, Adriana and her sister set sail to the U.S. to go after him to stop this from happening. A newly possessed cheerleader turns into a killer who specializes in offing her male classmates. Can her best friend put an end to the horror? In Marseilles (France), skilled pizza delivery boy Daniel who drives a scooter finally has his dreams come true. He gets a taxi license. Caught by the police for a huge speed infraction, he will help Emilien, a loser inspector who can't drive, on the track of German bank robbers, so he doesn't lose his license and his dream job. The comedy unfolds in the attractive environs of the never-ending filming of a TV series. The performance opens up with wonderful interplay of relationships, characters, situations, conflicts, big hopes and ambitious plans interwoven with a love motif. At the end of this bizarre story we are surprised by the harmony created from the discord of authentic human emotions. When an explosion at a top-secret government lab injures an elderly janitor, no one could have expected the terrifying results. Exposure to mysterious chemicals causes him to undergo a bizarre transformation. He is slowly... incredibly... growing younger every day. Now, a ruthless CIA assassin will stop at nothing to take him prisoner and turn him into a government guinea pig. With his future on the line, the janitor goes on the run with his wife and a feisty female agent. All the while, he continues to transform... into a being with powers that are as deadly as they are unimaginable. Azamat agrees to kidnap his best friend's fiance Alia, before their marriage, in accordance to a Kazakh tradition. But when Azamat's family mistakenly believes that Alia is his wife-to-be, he's forced to marry his best friend's bride. They say that the Eurovision Song contest is the gay Mondial, but if you ask Rita, Leon and Daniel, they would prefer that the entire country cross fingers for 'Douze Points' for Israel. The film follows Asaf, a Eurovision fan, who is trying to get accepted into the 'Eurovisionist' community via the three members, Rita, Leon and Daniel. During his journey, Asaf finds out about their way of life, about the changing effect of the Eurovision Song Contest on it over time and the encounter between the glittering Eurovision world and Israeli reality nowadays. Jack Crabb, looking back from extreme old age, tells of his life being raised by Indians and fighting with General Custer. Infamous Musician and performance artist Kurt Dirt goes on a quest to dig up the corpse of Mary Whitehouse and Resurrect her to show her there is good in bad taste Why when people in leading positions get into conflict, there only "ordinary people" get hurt? Two personal bodyguards of governor of a small Roman province asks themselves just that. In movie we will witness the funny stories, which are talking about how history is not changing and that the lifestyle in ancient times was no different than ours. Even if there are barbarian threats, people in leading positions will try not to do anything to protect their people. When Jay and Annie first got together, their romantic connection was intense - but ten years and two kids later, the flame of their love needs a spark.  To kick things up a notch, they decide - why not? - to make a video of themselves trying out every position in The Joy of Sex in one marathon three-hour session.  It seems like a great idea - until they discover that their most private video is no longer private.  With their reputations on the line, they know they're just one click away from being laid bare to the world... but as their race to reclaim their video leads to a night they'll never forget, they'll find that their video will expose even more than they bargained for. Three survivors are stalked by someone connected to their past. This time they're ready for a fight. In Cairo on her own as she waits for her husband, Juliette finds herself caught in a whirlwind romance with his friend Tareq, a retired cop. As Tareq escorts Juliette around the city, they find themselves in the middle of a brief affair that catches them both unawares. Errol goes to a convention with his pal, but upon his return tells his wife he was on a deer hunting trip, and then lapses into amnesia. Opera countertenor Alex Gottfarb is not alone - his inner self is crowded. Some other personae live within him - shy Alexander, sexy Sandra, teenager Lex and a seven-year-old prodigy Xandi. Each one of them has different ideas of what life should look like and yet they are all extremely dependent on each other. With the help of Helene, who loves him, Alex succeeds to get in touch with his cohabitants. Cascades of turbulent events and tragicomic misunderstandings accompany Alex' struggle for identity, love and freedom. Bhaiyya Bhaiyya (Theatrical name: Bhayya Bhayya) is a 2014 Malayalam-language comedy film directed by Johny Antony and scripted by Benny P. Nayarambalam starring Kunchacko Boban and Biju Menon in lead roles. The film also features Nisha Agarwal, Vinutha Lal, Innocent, Suraj Venjarammood, Salim Kumar and Vijayaraghavan in other important roles. It features music by Vidyasagar and cinematography by Vinod Illampally and was largely shot at Kottayam, Tamil Nadu and Kolkata. Produced by Laisamma Pottoore under Nobel Andre Production, Bhaiyya Bhaiyya released on September 5, 2014. Two High School Couples explore Friendship and dating along dissimiliar lines, leading to Courage and Transformation for one teen and a personal crisis for Another. A mysterious sum of money is credited into Prithvi Khurrana, a commoner's bank account. It is allegedly done by a top notorious don.This forms the crux of the film leading to subsequent comical situations. Tilen (18), an attractive high school student, swears to be faithful forever in the hope that his girlfriend will let him sleep with her. Suddenly, a sequence of tragic events turns his world upside down. He starts to believe he is under a spell which could put his life in jeopardy, which prevents him from having a relationship with Sara (18), his one true love. He finally succeeds to get his life back on the right track with the help of his best friend Zeljko, a mysterious fortune-teller, and the power of love. Set in early 19th century Wallachia, Romania, a policeman, Costandin, is hired by a nobleman to find a Gypsy slave who has run away from his estate after having an affair with his wife. Kornel is a twelve year old boy who is looking for treasure buried by his grandfather during WWII. The entertaining and often hilarious story of BacoVision, a video series created by demented BMXers from Wisconsin. Time stops at midnight at the Senior Prom for five students, one murderous counselor, and John. They must find the courage to face themselves or, when time starts again, they may find that they are joining John's Club. All you have to do is commit murder... or suicide. An egotistical saxophone player and a young singer meet on V-J Day and embark upon a strained and rocky romance, even as their careers begin a long uphill climb. A bad girl and a province boy found love in the state of being broken and in the process of healing.  Hamada gets involved in a furious conflict with the minister of interior affairs with all the power he has, as he searches for his mother, who does simple daily jobs to provide for her family. Through the conflict, Hamada discovers how big the gap between him -and others of his social status. Slam tells the story of Ray Joshua, an original, gifted young MC trapped in a war-zone housing project known as Dodge City. Unable to find a job, Ray copes with the despair and poverty of his neighborhood by using his wits and verbal talent. Written by Offline Publicist Young Ray Joshua lives in the Washington, DC, district known as Dodge City, which is dominated by gang wars. One day he is arrested when his drug dealer is gunned down while talking to him. He is put to prison where two rival gangs, Thug Life and the Union, want to recruit him as a member. A criminological philosophical cinematographical musical comedy with the female music band Les Reines Prochaines. The film is made up of cinematic excerpts, stage performances and interviews with the protagonists. A lesbian trash movie, Pulp Fiction meets Dada. An old man lures 10 women to become his wives to lift an ancient curse. A simpleton guy Anand and a modern girl Akshara fall in love and decide to get married. However, their lives turn upside down when Akshara's past walks back in her life, making her have second thoughts on their wedding day. Puppets live alongside humans peacefully, but suddenly their behavior becomes depraved. Is such criminal activity rare, or is the media blowing things out of proportion, making cops look like sadistic gunslingers and causing people to distrust them, each other, and most of all, puppets. Is the apocalypse coming, or is the fear-mongering just a great way for News programs to get advertising money? Wait - that makes this movie sound like a serious allegory. Change that. This movie has more wtf moments than you can imagine. It's high brow and low brow at the same time.  Ronnie runs a Disco walking tour with his son, Brayden. When a sexy woman takes the tour, it begins a competition between father and son for her love. It also signals the arrival of an oily strangler who stalks the streets at night. As Colonel Nutt is experimenting with explosives, a new janitor is joining his household. The inept janitor proceeds to make life difficult for the rest of staff. The intimate story behind our changing relationship with death. A terminal diagnosis used to mean death within months. Modern medicine allows patients to live on for years. A passionate and touching film about uncertainty, about the future that faces all of us, following five patients who choose to sing their way through life, with a score by Mark Orton. After an absence of five years, six times Mr Olympia winner Arnold Schwarzenegger makes a comeback and attempts to take the World Body Building Championship for the 7th time. A play-it-safe guy must search for his wife's missing cat, bringing him face-to-face with the colorful, wacky, and sometimes, the more dangerous element of his neighborhood, forcing him to confront his fears and rethink his M.O. Gary Faulkner is an ex-con, unemployed handyman, and modern day Don Quixote who receives a vision from God telling him to capture Osama Bin Laden. Armed with only a single sword purchased from a home-shopping network, Gary travels to Pakistan to complete his mission. While on his quest, Gary encounters old friends back home in Colorado, the new friends he makes in Pakistan, the enemies he makes at the CIA - and even God and Osama themselves. A stuffy businessman finds himself trapped inside the body of his family's cat. A pair of mad doctors conduct a "sexperiment" on the viewer by showing a series of bizarre movies featuring lesbian zombies and video vixens. The film features various short films from Andrew Shearer's Gonzoriffic Films, including: Powerless, Bikini Gorilla, Mae of the Dead, Barbara, The Gash and more. After a drunken evening and an unforgettable night with a total stranger, Manu wakes up alone to find a message on his arm giving him an appointment in Avignon. Convinced that the appointment is with the dreamy woman from the night before, he is ready to do anything to find her again. A corrupt cop gets himself transferred to Hyderabad where he has a change of heart while trying to teach his estranged but dutiful father a lesson. Kuttiyettan (Manikandan Pattambi) who works in a bank writes letters to those in power to see to it that justice is served to the needy.  His wife allows him to do as he wishes and continues to be patient. In 1979 Santa Barbara, California, Dorothea Fields is a determined single mother in her mid-50s who is raising her adolescent son, Jamie, at a moment brimming with cultural change and rebellion. Dorothea enlists the help of two younger women - Abbie, a free-spirited punk artist living as a boarder in the Fields' home and Julie, a savvy and provocative teenage neighbour - to help with Jamie's upbringing. Following the breakdown of his marriage, a self-involved man begins to embrace fatherhood. A family man remember his youth while he realizes his son starts behaving like him when he was younger. A young widow discovers that her late husband has left her 10 messages intended to help ease her pain and start a new life. The last public bath in the city of Turin where everybody can take a shower: a microcosm of our society where stories and conflicts flow as water on bodies. Shortly before graduating from medical school, Mariana returns home to fulfill her father's promise to celebrate the greatest wedding ever in the history of Castaner. Complications arise when the bride's and the groom's families come together for the wedding preparations and festivities. A musician spends New Year's Day trying to help his friend pay the rent. The story of two lovers and their attempts to save their relationship in a near-future world on the brink of cosmic collapse. John, and world-famous ice skating star, Elena, are about to sign divorce papers when they realise that, in spite of everything happening around them, their love is worth fighting for. It's All About Love is a fresh take on modern love and future life as two lovers struggle in a conspiracy of epic proportions. After Misao divorced, she moved to Vietnam. She has always admired the country. There, she works as a Japanese language teacher. She learns that her brother-in-law is taking her mother with Alzheimer's into a facility. Misao decides to take her mother to Vietnam instead. At first, her mother is uncomfortable adapting to life in a strange land. Her mother comes around though and embraces the warm people in Vietnam. One day, her mother is injured and Misao faces the reality in nursing her. Selim is a writer and lives in a world of one's own without self confidence. He decides to live with his mother to escape from loneliness. One day he meets a beautiful and rich girl whose name is Aysil. Then Aysil falls in love with Selim and she believes that Selim's mother and her friends will bring happiness to her. An independent woman can't chose between the two men she loves. Rob and his best friend Austyn apply to become human guinea pigs at the local medical testing facility of a vaguely intentioned multinational company called EvCorp. As the facility's mere presence has bitterly polarized their town, the two apply in stealth. Only Austyn is accepted - ushered away and out of contact into EvCorp's shadowy interior - leaving Rob to bear the burden of secrecy as well as the private concern that perhaps not all will be well with his buddy. As he navigates both sides of the town's deepening rift, guilt and denial do battle in his mind - evoking eerie visions, paranoia, and a strange physical malady. SLACKJAW is a mildly absurd bromantic dramedy about the path to personal responsibility amidst the divisive fog of a politicized landscape. Four friends from the first movie are back in the saddle. This time they're not only returning to the big sex world but also helping the state on the important mission. In a madcap future era, the world's greatest secret agent struggles to rescue his young son from the clutches of his infamous former mentor. Hatori Matsuzaki (Mirei Kiritani) is a female high school student. She has a crush on her childhood friend Rita Terasaka (Kento Yamazaki) and believes he will eventually choose her as her heroine, but Rita Terasaka begins dating Miho Adachi. Meanwhile, the most popular male student, Kosuke Hiromitsu (Kentaro Sakaguchi) takes an interest in Hatori Matsuzaki.  The daughter of a preacher becomes the centerpiece for a conservative political campaign but finds herself falling in love with a woman. Loosely based on 1957's "Our Sister Hedy" and 1961's "The Greatest Civil War on Earth", this romantic comedy follows the Wong household, where the father acts as the glue that holds everyone together while Mambo, the protagonist and third daughter, tries to get her other sisters hitched. Comedy -  Bill Cobbs, Lee Meriwether, Blake Michael Franck and his girlfriend Sonya, plus some of their friends go on holiday in Brazil. Franck, his friends, two girls and Sonya's grandmother leave to visit a cave, but everything goes wrong and their crazy adventures begin. Serge is a winner, he sells kitchen furniture like hot cakes. His son, Gerald, who has just lost his restaurant, applies for a job in his dad's firm. It's Gerald's wish but it's Serge's reality and you do not become a top salesman overnight. A man who has been stuck in prison for far too long starts to see hallucinations. In a quiet countryside farmhouse, Britain's vampires gather for their once-every-fifty-years meeting. Others will be joining them too; Sebastian Crockett, an unwitting Essex boy who thinks he's on a promise with sexy cougar Vanessa; and a detachment of Special Forces vampire killers who have bitten off more than they can chew. This is certainly going to be a night to remember... and for some of them it will be their last.  Although Sam has the mental capacity of a 7-year-old, he has a daughter with a homeless woman who abandons them when they leave the hospital, leaving Sam to raise Lucy on his own. But as Lucy grows up, Sam's limitations start to become a problem and the authorities take her away. Sam shames high-priced lawyer, Rita into taking his case pro bono and in turn teaches her the value of love and family. Chloe, a troubled teen, meets other troubled girls and must come to grips with her Christian faith at a camp where she must earn her way out. Not your usual film biography, A Conversation With Gregory Peck (2000) goes on-the-road and behind-the-scenes with Gregory Peck and his one man show. The actor's traveling program features question and answer sessions with the American icon and allows the actor to reminisce about his career. When a deadly zombie virus infects a school in Germany it remains on the student Leo to save the world. A struggling young couple is forced to live the last day of their relationship over and over again A ragtag group of gunslingers try to make their way in a post-apocalyptic world. The twist to this world is that it's just not barren and dangerous, it's also filled with flesh-eating zombies. The gunslingers will find themselves stranded in a town and forced to make a choice on either to save the citizens of the town or save themselves. In Los Angeles, Max Carlyle makes a good living directing commercials and has a happy home life with his wife, Mimi, and two children. When Carlyle travels to New York City to visit his friend Charlie, who has been diagnosed with AIDS, he has repeat run-ins with a beautiful woman, Karen, and eventually sleeps with her. Though he goes home the next day and doesn't return until a year later, Carlyle's infidelity still lingers. Renegade supercop Lieutenant Jangles goes on a mission to avenge his partner and save Brisbane from a sinister conspiracy involving kidnapped bodybuilders.  Devastated by a love affair, former in-demand gigolo Future Chang (played by Sandra Ng) retreats to Thailand, leading the life a dissolute. Thanks to the intervention of his high school teacher, Mr. Lo, Future summons the courage to return to Hong Kong. With the help of his friend Ricky, a gym trainer, he works hard to get back into shape, determined to make a comeback in the "duck" (male escort) trade. To Future's surprise, Hong Kong has undergone a dramatic transformation since he left the city. Even the rules of the duck trade have completely changed! In order to ply his trade, Future is reduced seeking clients at an old age nursery home for women. Meanwhile, the places where women can buy happiness have become much more accessible, operating in neighborhood establishments such as a Thai restaurant...Determined to adapt to their new environment, Future and his desperate cohorts Dick Wide, Nebula and Broker Chan decide to dedicate themselves to satisfying the needs of their new client. With a name like Chlamydia Love, it comes as no surprise that the young lady in question is considered to be the office slut. Her colleagues also do not miss an occasion to ridicule her when she talks about her imaginary prince on a white horse. Chlamydia couldn't care less. She just has to jump into a flushing toilet bowl to meet her beloved, the handsome surgeon Algernon Hertz. But her precious prince keeps her waiting and locals turn out to be a whole lot more savage that what is mentioned in the glossy tourist brochures. Chlamydia has to go on the run and ends up in the lair of the misanthropic scientist Helmut Mandragorass, a specimen of the male race not exactly blessed with dashing looks as his protruding forehead dwarves everything else. Paradise isn't always what it seems to be. The story 11-year-old Luis who makes friends with three loveable little aliens, who crash their UFO into his house. In return for Luis' help in finding the home-shopping channel stuff they came for, they save Luis from boarding school - and an exciting adventure follows. In a spooky small town, when a slew of pizza delivery boys are slain on the job, two daring survivors set out to catch the culprits behind the cryptic crime spree. Otaku and his roommate Mr. Cheap as known as the ultimate geeks of their university. However, like any normal guy, their goal is to fall in love with their girls of their dreams. To get close to his goddess Mei, Mr. Cheap pretends to be a spoiled rich kid, appearing everywhere she goes. Meanwhile, the introverted Otaku tries to create a chance to talk to class beauty Ling by running into her in the hallway, only to have his plan fall awkwardly. By 2017, the global economy has collapsed and American society has become a totalitarian police state, censoring all cultural activity. The government pacifies the populace by broadcasting a number of game shows in which convicted criminals fight for their lives, including the gladiator-style The Running Man, hosted by the ruthless Damon Killian, where "runners" attempt to evade "stalkers" and certain death for a chance to be pardoned and set free. Another Boonie Bears movie. Coslada, near Madrid, Spain, October 2015. Hundreds of extras are trapped in a huge stage where they pretend with hysterical joy that they are celebrating a party that will be broadcast on television on New Year's Eve. But more than a week later, the clash between several staff members threatens to prolong indefinitely such a maddening nightmare. Two strangers meet and fall in love during the weekend that they are planning their respective weddings. Carved from over 1,200 hours of footage spanning the band's career, Pearl Jam: Twenty is the definitive portrait of Pearl Jam. Part concert film, part intimate insider-hang, and part testimonial to the power of music. Yang is a widower who is used to living a solitary life. He lives a simple and poor life. His eldest daughter is married and resides in Kuala Lumpur, his second daughter is still studying in Singapore and his youngest son works as a small-time salesman. Yang`s real troubles begin when he realises that he cannot afford to celebrate the coming Chinese New Year. However, a chance encounter with his long-time friend, Lin, who has become a millionaire, changes Yang`s life as Lin offers Yang a once in a lifetime chance of becoming a millionaire for a month. In an alternate timeline, Ken, Lobang and Wayang King are transferred to the Naval Diving Unit (NDU) and have to overcome obstacles and personal issues to grow as people. King of Mahjong centres on the decade-long feud and eventual reunion of Wong Tin Ba and Ah Fatt.  20 years later, Wong Tin Ba, who is now a world-acclaimed mahjong champion and magnate, shows up in Ipoh to challenge Fatt to a final showdown - The World Mahjong Championship. Despite Wong's insistence, Fatt declines to join the competition as he is determined and contented to lead the life of a commoner.  In a bid to force Fatt into the showdown, Wong abducts Fatt's wife, Ramona, and threatens her to be on his alliance. Fatt has no choice but to join the championship as Wong holds his wife hostage. On the mahjong table, Fatt and Wong compete as the finalists; Master Ru's secret legendary mahjong move and the truth comes to light as the winner emerges... Maya invites her boyfriend and two other couples to her family's cabin in rural Nebraska for a nice, relaxing weekend, but neurotic antics, bottled up resentments, and unexpected visitors turn the trip into a hilarious nightmare. This story tells about the life of 3 good friends who lived in a rented house. RUDY, is an extra that always played a ghost character in every film. AKHIR, is an employee at a petrol station and REMY is a shoe polisher. They rented a house owned by PAK CIK OSMAN BASAH. Find out how one of their friends died in the rented house.. A successful and beloved businessman runs afoul of gangsters. Game On is a coming-of-age stoner comedy that follows gamers Regina, Mac, and Warren as they struggle to find a way to save the game store they operate, or else find themselves forced to abandon their alternative lifestyle and join the "real" world. Shivam is a Police thriller, with Biju Menon in the lead, and Shaji Kailas comes back to associate with Revathy Kalamandhir. The theme involves administration of Vigilante justice with the hero taking law into his own hands and bcoming an anti-hero in the process. Hari (Ram), a DJ in Vizag, proposes to many girls none of them accept his love. One day he sees a beautiful girl Sailaja (Keerthi Suresh) and also impresses her but doesn't propose to her fearing that he would be rejected. Hari spends some good times with Sailaja and right when he proposes his love, she rejects him point blank. An upset Ravi continues with his life and as time passes by, he gets a huge clue which could help him getting back his love. Van der Merwe, a bumbling farmer from a traditional Afrikaans family, struggles to keep his family together when his daughter returns from England with her British fiance and family. An extremely lazy young guy, Siva is forced to move in search of a character called Mahesh. The bumbling police Freire and Salinas are accused of a crime they did not commit and become the most popular men in the country. The explosive follow-up to We Still Kill The Old Way (2014). Regarded as the best in the business, The Archer Gang is an aging criminal outfit who carry out a daring robbery, but are caught mid-heist.  They are sentenced to do time in Britain's toughest prison.  Once inside, they encounter their old nemesis Slick Vic Farrow (Billy Murray) who is intent on murdering the gang.  The old-school criminals need to use all their wits to stage a daring escape, while dodging Slick Vic, and setting in motion a chain of events which leads to an explosive prison riot.  Maya invites her boyfriend and two other couples to her family's cabin in rural Nebraska for a nice, relaxing weekend, but neurotic antics, bottled up resentments, and unexpected visitors turn the trip into a hilarious nightmare. Alma, a little girl, skips through the snow covered streets of a small town. Her attention is caught by a strange doll in an antique toy shop window. Fascinated, Alma decides to enter. Jack, who has all but failed at life, dreams of a fresh beginning abroad. Instead, he unexpectedly has to take care of his hated father Paul, who he has not seen since childhood. Paul suffers from Alzheimer's and wants to make peace with his son while he still can. But Jack has very different plans for Paul. Two worlds collide, and a journey to Ticino, the Italian-speaking part of Switzerland, turns into an odyssey back to a painfully suppressed past.  A full live show from the 2002 Boston St. Patrick's Day Weekend All the Dropkick Murphys' music videos from the very beginning... A young gambler makes a large, risky bet on a horse race. When the odds turn in his favour, more than one party has sudden interest in the winning betting slip, and they'll do anything to get their hands on it. A group of eight college friends gather together at an island mansion belonging to heiress Muffy St. John to celebrate their final year of school. They soon discover that each has a hidden secret from their past which is revealed, and soon after, they turn up dead. Loosely based on the true-life tale of Ron Woodroof, a drug-taking, women-loving, homophobic man who in 1986 was diagnosed with HIV/AIDS and given thirty days to live.  Two twenty-somethings move to San Francisco to chase their career, but end up chasing tail instead. The story of Abe Saperstein and the creation of the Harlem Globetrotters. Group of coeds looking for fun at cabin on the lake and find the cabin wasn't always used for rest and relaxation. After hearing a child screaming for help from the green depths of a vast field of tall grass, Becky, a pregnant woman, and Cal, her brother, park their car near a mysterious abandoned church and recklessly enter the field, discovering that they are not alone and because of some reason they are unable of escaping a completely inextricable vegetable labyrinth. An assistant commercial director gets a big break when he has a chance to direct a commercial with a cat. But when a student trainee loses the cat, everything falls apart very quickly. It's the last night of the fall semester, and all over campus parties are raging.  While alcohol flows, Richard and Shawn argue over what to do with Noopie, the mysterious upperclassman passed out on their floor. After a blizzard seals them in the dorm with a handful of hapless friends, Noopie awakes and uses a mix of drugs, booze and sex to manipulate the group to their physical and emotional breaking points over the longest, most dangerous night of their young lives. Will it be their last? While making breakfast, a struggling couple faces the absurdity of obsession. In a rural town, two friends examine their lives, relationships, and futures. Sebahat and Melahat are best friends. They live in Trabzon, Turkey. One day, their husbands leave the village to go to Istanbul for work. While Sebahat and Melahat are waiting for them, they learn that their husbands are cheating on them in Istanbul. Gus is a fat cartoonist that recently won a battle against cancer, which explains his baldness. But he is also lonely. Therefore, his caring sister tries to set him up with suitable woman. But to do so, she must turn him into an irresistible man. When he falls in love with Emily, Gus takes the identity of a mysterious biker from New Zealand. Cerise is fourteen years old but she looks twenty. Cerise grew up on the outskirts, but now she's exiled to Ukraine. Cerise wears excessive amounts of makeup, but she still has a little girl's dreams. Cerise doesn't know her father, even though she's going to have to live with him. Cerise has only ever thought about herself and now she finds herself in the middle of a revolution. Sophie is far from being the model little girl one would like her to be, unlike her friends Camille and Madeleine. She always insists on having her own way, often getting into trouble, to the despair of one and all. But her mother is unbending and otherwise inclined. She wants her daughter to enjoy the essential of a good upbringing. She will not let her get away with anything, and poor Sophie will often have to live with the consequences of her bad behavior and learn her lesson. Which is not always very easy!  Paris in the 1920s. Marguerite Dumont is a wealthy woman with a passion for music and the opera. For years, she has performed regularly for a circle of guests. But Marguerite sings tragically out of tune and no one has ever told her. Her husband and her close friends have always encouraged her in her illusions. Things become very complicated the day she gets it into her head to perform in front of a genuine public, at the Opera. A woman at a crossroads traveling to Cannes along with her successful film producer husband, finds herself on a two-day road trip with his business associate. What follows is a carefree journey replete with diversions involving picturesque sites, fine food and wine, humor, wisdom and romance - reawakening Anne's senses and a new lust for life. Outermost Radio is a feature-length documentary that takes an intimate look at a community on the tip of Cape Cod, far from the mainland and out of the mainstream, committed to keeping their freedom of expression alive, and their non-profit community radio station on the air. Meet the people who bring their love of music, controversial points of view, and authenticity to the airwaves. After falling in love, three roommates experience changes in their lives. Four college guys caught cheating on their final exam are forced by their unstable teacher to perform a series of outrageously funny and sexy tasks in order to graduate. Two exceptional bell hops are forced to work together to save the day when a group of thieves attempt an art heist at their hotel. It's Friday morning at Panamerican Machinery Inc., a company specialising in selling and repairing machines for construction and destruction. The employees are already winding down for the weekend, engaging in little rituals and routines when an unexpected turn of events shakes their peaceful monotony. Don Alejandro, the boss, lies dead at the back of the warehouse. A world-class pianist (Seymour) becomes romantically and sexually involved with her young protege (Gartin). When Kate and Abby are mistaken for famous art thieves, their fun night out quickly goes from good to bad.  Japanese woman Keiko (played by Kaori Momoi (Marshall's "Memoirs of a Geisha", Miike's "Sukiyaki Western Django")) has been living in a shelf for decades due to a family tragedy in Kobe and is not able to bid farewell to her past. Without a passion she joins a group of Japanese women traveling to Northern Europe to participate in a kimono show. Unintentionally Keiko has been pulled in a vortex of events making her as a local celebrity. Confusion and despair turns to self-confidence until Keiko comes face to face with her mysterious and almost otherworldly-like husband (played by Issey Ogata (Scorsese's "Silence", Sokurov's "The Sun")) who disappeared twenty years ago. Reactivated music band "The Transistors" sets off for a tour organized by their new manager, debt collector Czeslaw Skandal. Their bus is driven by a friend, Stan Gudeyko, - once a leader of the legendary punk-rock formation "Yperite". On their tour, musicians will encounter many hardships and disappointments, which will put their friendship and patience to the test. They will soon discover that Skandal is cast from a different mold - knows shit about music and has a completely different hobby. Furthermore, the declining music industry is not a place strewn with roses - the cards are dealt here by a mysterious sect of "Showbizians"... A sorority moves in next door to the home of Mac and Kelly Radner who have a young child. The Radner's enlist their former nemeses from the fraternity to help battle the raucous sisters. A rookie cop is tasked with shadowing Officer Downe, a no-nonsense LAPD cop with regenerative powers, as he wages an ultra-violent war against the nefarious villains of Los Angeles. Athena Cockburn suffers from heavy migraines and lost her vim and vigor. Her boyfriend, Jacob York, has enough of the stagnating sex life with her and comes up with the brilliant idea to trick her into taking a fake pill to treat her migraines. But is he ready for a nymphomaniac? Set in the year 2265. There is a small restaurant along the main road Galaxy Kaido, which connects Earth and the space colony Uzushio. Returning home to working class Warwick, Rhode Island, Peter Latang encounters childhood friend Donald Treebeck for what starts as a simple favor and turns into a long van ride into two friends past. On a quiet suburban street tucked within a 'safe neighborhood', a babysitter must defend a twelve-year-old boy from strangers breaking into the house, only to discover that this is far from a normal home invasion. Elle and Joy spend their last week before their next music tour wandering through the heart of Laurel Canyon, whiling away carefree afternoons with their friends as they plan for their own going away party. Eva has returned from her trip to Europe. Back at home, she receives a suspicious invitation to a dinner birthday party of one of her neighbors, without knowing that this is a romantic date arranged by his neighbor's tricky family which, to make things worse, has no food in the refrigerator. Hortensia's father is electrocuted with the refrigerator door; she is fired from work; she discovers that her boyfriend is cheating on her with her best friend. Desperate, follows the goals she wrote when was fourteen: "to marry a boy who is blond like my father and to design the most beautiful shoe in the world." Things will only get worse while she fails to listen to her true self. Club-footed medical school student Philip Carey falls in love with cynical waitress Mildred Rogers. She rejects him and runs off with a salesman, later returning pregnant and unmarried. Philip takes her in, though "happily ever after" is not to be. Somewhere in Sweden, a gigantic dumpster breaks free from a heavy chain suspended underneath a big helicopter. The dumpster hits the ground with a formidable crash and the garbage spouts out into the surroundings. Meanwhile, an aging Roma woman wakes up in her house with an extremely strong desire to get her old wall clock back. In director Baz Luhrmann's contemporary take on William Shakespeare's classic tragedy, the Montagues and Capulets have moved their ongoing feud to the sweltering suburb of Verona Beach, where Romeo and Juliet fall in love and secretly wed. Though the film is visually modern, the bard's dialogue remains. Vincent Machot knows his life by heart. He shares it between his hair dressing salon, his cousin, his cat, and his too-invasive mother. But life sometimes holds surprises, even for the most prudent of people... He crosses paths with Rosalie Blum by accident. She is a mysterious and solitary woman whom he is sure he has already met. But where? Intrigued, he decides to follow her everywhere, in the hope of knowing more about her. The journey of an old man and an EMT specialist in an ambulance becomes unexpectedly meaningful for both of them. Sathya falls in love with Ramya at first sight and starts wooing her. But how will he take the revelations of his girlfriend's past? The life of Hungarian poet Miklos Radnoti, who died in the Holocaust. Seven individual stories show milestones in the poet's life, with characters taken either from his works or from his personal history. Two 20 some-things, Halibar and Peggy meet and bond trying to find the owner of a lost cat A traditional Turkish woman tries to find love and is forced by her family members to get married. Red Cow is a coming-of-age film that takes place in the days leading up to the assassination of Rabin and depicts the life of Benny, 16, orphaned from mother at birth and the only child of Joshua - a religious, right-wing extremist, in those critical junctures when she is forming her sexual, religious and political awareness.  Security team 'Safety First' accepts its biggest challenge so far: guarding the famous electronic music festival Tomorrowland. A ragtag group of former TV stars and comic book artists who make their living working at conventions decide to steal the loot from a crooked promoter and an overbearing former TV icon. Beautiful, workaholic Bo-hee is a successful marketing executive at the number one toy company in Korea. Respected by her colleagues and in line for a promotion, she makes an irrevocable mistake that gets her fired from her job. Bo-hee's life further spins out of control when her husband Gang-sung leaves her soon after.  Bo-hee is befriended by her neighbor Nan-hee, an amateur sex expert who runs a sex shop on the brink of bankruptcy called "Casa Amor." Nan-hee's predicament inspires Bo-hee's creativity, and using her background in children's toys, she is determined to save the shop by making its ambiance more refined and by promoting better sex toys. A young domestic "indoor" cat named Marcello escapes from his home one day into the big outdoors to visit "Jujube", a pretty out-door female kitty. Alone for the first time in his short life, Marcello learns to grow up and finds true love. A documentary following three older drag entertainers at Aunt Charlie's Lounge in the Tenderloin area of San Francisco. The film explores the rituals of these performers' transformations, along with themes of ageing, labor, and self acceptance. Featuring Collette LeGrande, Donna Personna, and Olivia Hart. El Jeremias is a heartwarming comedy film about family love and the hard choices that come with opportunity. Set in Sonora Mexico, the film tells the story of Jeremias (Martin Castro) an eight year old who finds out he is a gifted child and initiates a journey of self discovery. When an opportunistic physiologist makes contact with Jeremias, a new world of experiences open up to him but at the expense of being away from the family he loves. Jeremias must choose between this exciting but lonely new world he finds himself in or returning home to his loving family. A frustrated artist gets lost inside the cardboard fort he builds in his living room.  Vadim is an ordinary office worker with no prospects, desperate to somehow change his boring life. One afternoon, while pondering his life in a pub, a mysterious bartender offers Vadik a cocktail. Upon drinking this cocktail, Vadik's world is instantly transformed beyond recognition. He is now successful, attractive and interesting. However, Vadik needs to learn how to sustain this new mirage, once the cocktails run out. The Next Big Thing is a dark comedy about friendship, revenge and the lust for fame. The protagonist is Julian, who, despite his "talent," has never achieved the level of fame he thinks he deserves. When his deranged and estranged best friend Chuck shows up with a plan to make Julian famous by making a film about Julian becoming famous, Julian agrees to do it. Unfortunately for Julian, Chuck's real aim is to make a prank show centered on ruining Julian's life. After a series of embarrassing and painful events Julian begins to regret his decision, but the worse the situation is for Julian, the more popular the videos become. Julian's ego allows Chuck to bring him to the edge of his sanity and beyond. A teenage beauty queen is flung into swift adulthood when her father assumes a new identity: Father Christmas. Juggling a crazy father, an impressionable kid brother and a growing romance, Nonnie has to redefine her own meaning of family. Child actors perform a 'kid-friendly' table read version of John Water's notorious 1972 X-rated cult classic film, Pink Flamingos. This is a comedic drama that follows New York City based flight attendant Lorna Flynn on her obsessive journey to find her long lost relative after her absent father passes away. In the hopes of finding out more about her family and herself, what she discovers is more than she could have imagined. Join our All-American family as they journey down the The Trail to Oregon! The Trail to Oregon is an original musical produced by Starkid Productions and was performed in Chicago in the summer of 2014. It is also the most historically accurate musical portraying the Oregon Trail to date; featuring 12 educational songs, a set precisely replicating the trail's landscape, and appearances from famous historical figures, such as: Henry McDoon, Cletus Jones, and Cornwallis. Christmas crazy comedy. Fifth story of successful series of Kamenak movies. Funny and crazy, following mayor of Kamenakov Pepan, who doesn't have quiet advent this year. It seems that he won't be able to make Kamenakov famous, because Czech government won't allow him to build ski jumping grounds on Rip mountain. Even-thought he spoke directly to president about his idea. Before the happy end this year, there is still many funny things to happen first. Based on a true story, Jason and Shirley recreates the 1966 power struggle between Jewish, Oscar-winning documentary filmmaker Shirley Clarke and her subject, Jason Holiday, a fierce black gay queen over a 12-hour marathon filming session which gave rise to Clarke's iconic documentary Portrait of Jason.  A cynical and clever coming of age film about first time novelist Fenton Dillane, who, unannounced returns to New York City to confront his family, his ex-girlfriend and a few lingering childhood fears. American Matt Quigley answers Australian land baron Elliott Marston's ad for a sharpshooter to kill the dingoes on his property. But when Quigley finds out that Marston's real target is the aborigines, Quigley hits the road. Now, even American expatriate Crazy Cora can't keep Quigley safe in his cat-and-mouse game with the homicidal Marston. In the 1600s, cowardly Sir Simon of Canterville flees a duel and seeks solace in the family castle. His ashamed father seals him in the room where he is hiding and dooms him to life as a ghost until one of his descendants performs a brave deed. Simon believes he may be saved when he meets Cuffy Williams, an American kinsman stationed with a troop of soldiers at the castle in 1943. Will this blood relative save the family honor, or will his blood be as yellow as the rest of the Cantervilles? Yehia is preparing for his wedding when his psychologically disturbed and obsessed ex-girlfriend reappears in his life and starts to cause trouble. Excerpt from the documentary Insha'Allah Democracy, which screened at Doc NYC Film Festival. Seeking the excitement that was once part of their married lives, Bruce and Michael slip out one night to a gentleman's club. When their wives, Dana and Brit, discover this boys-night-out activity, the husbands are booted from their homes. In the men's ensuing efforts to get back into their wives' good graces, their previously unspoken views about marriage and women begin to surface to disturbing effect for their wives. In 1987, during the austere days of Thatcher's Britain, a teenager learns to live life, understand his family, and find his own voice through the music of Bruce Springsteen. Karthik convinces two of his childhood friends to go on a road trip to a village, where his 'future wife' lives. He wants to make her fall in love with him before the wedding and the rest of the story is about how the journey turns out to be a life changing experience for Karthik. Thirty-year-old Camilla, born a bitch, realizes that she doesn't have the life she deserves and decides that the only destiny worthy of her is that of a royal princess. Back from a professional trip to Paris, a neurologist at the pinnacle of his career has to pick up his wife so that they can attend a family meal to commemorate his father, who died a year before. At his mother's flat, the guests are waiting for the priest to arrive while arguing about all kinds of things connected and unconnected with the world's events and wars. A pair of losers working at department store plan to rob the place after it closes. When a bunch of kids show up begging for a story, the men launch into an improvised version of Aladdin. Scouring the ocean depths for treasure-laden shipwrecks is business as usual for a thrill-seeking underwater adventurer and his wisecracking buddy. But when these two cross paths with a beautiful doctor, they find themselves on the ultimate treasure hunt. When bachelor Walter Davis (Bruce Willis) is set up with his sister-in-law's pretty cousin, Nadia Gates (Kim Basinger), a seemingly average blind date turns into a chaotic night on the town. Walter's brother, Ted (Phil Hartman), tells him not to let Nadia drink alcohol, but he dismisses the warning, and her behavior gets increasingly wild. Walter and Nadia's numerous incidents are made even worse as her former lover David (John Larroquette) relentlessly follows them around town. Four childhood friends are reunited at a wedding in Rio. But when they accidentally kill a young man during a party that gets out of hand, they are forced to flee the city in a crazy adventure. Katti Batti is a modern day romance that traces young architect Madhav's love for the free-spirited Payal. They make for a perfect couple until a sudden turn of events creates an unanswered distance between them. UFO sightings are reported in northeastern Guatemala. Rober Daneri a frustrated college professor along with the production team of a sensationalist TV show embark on a supernatural journey across the thin boundary between blind faith, self-delusion and the unknown in search of truth. Paddington, now happily settled with the Browns, picks up a series of odd jobs to buy the perfect present for his Aunt Lucy, but it is stolen.  In a world where mythical creatures are real, monsters and humans are forced to coexist; and as prejudice and insecurity pulls everyone apart, three separate storylines manage to come together. Five beautiful girls vie for a chance to become the spokesmodel for diva DeeDee DeVille's new high-end line of lingerie. The claws come out when the competition gets fierce, but when they begin to disappear one by one, they soon find that they are competing for their lives... After attending their friend Elise's (Sudano) wedding to Nate (Bishop) on New Year's Eve, Trista (Hall), a career-driven talent agent, Viviane (Scott), a successful gossip columnist, and Amaya (Cooper), a struggling actress, make a pact to get married within the year to either a new love or a man waiting in the wings. But the close friends face their own set of challenges - Trista has not gotten over her commitment-phobic ex-boyfriend Damon (White), Viviane is secretly in love with Sean (George), the father of her son, and Amaya is desperate to break up her boyfriend Keith's (Sanders) unhappy marriage so they can live happily ever after. Each woman starts the year with high hopes and dreams of what will happen over the next 12 months... but will they all make it to the altar? Rafael resides on his southern Spanish finca with his friends, a group of bohemian refuseniks, adventurers and leftover revolutionaries. They loaf about in style in the idyllic surroundings, playing around, drinking, chatting, reciting verse, posing and performing. Early on, Rafael's son shows up with his German fiancee, who soon runs off with Julio after some four-handed piano playing. Henry is on a relentless quest for new business ventures and is prospecting for gold in a secret mine; Franziska prefers to ignore the need to earn money; Lucas reads book after book about economics and culture. And then there's Domingo, who is supposed to relieve a certain Herr Muller of Dusseldorf of three million Euros. About a man and a woman who make a 'one-night' coupon book after they both get dumped. A high-school student Yoshiro has never got a spotlight in his life and spends his days aimlessly. What only shines in his life is a girl Sae at his school. Even if being completely disregarded by her, he still dreams of becoming her true love in the future. One day, he finds himself having a mind-reading psychic power. As he looks around, there seem more psychics born in the city, and somehow they are all virgins! One uses his psychokinetic power to fulfill his sexual desire or turns into a flasher using teleportation ability... On the arrival of the psychics like Yoshiro, the city gets gradually infested with the erotic terrorism evoked by a mysterious group. Knowing he has never got any attention from the girl of his dreams, Yoshiro determines to use his power to save the world from this steamy chaos and show off what he has got to the love of his life! Eight years after the first installment, Ailen, Fernando, and Nina, meet again in the BAFICI competition. From that reunion, they decide to resume their unfinished project: Tandil/Tromso. They bring along two new collaborators: Martin and Nancy.  At early 16th century a priest joins the spanish conquerros in order to bring christianity to the indios. The expedition is murdered by the indios, only the priest is sparred. Santiago, the priest, first tries to continue christianization, but finally becomes one of them - until the Spaniards return. Sathyasena (Gummadi), the king of Gandhara, suffering from paralytic legs leaves the rule to his vicious brother-in-law Soorasimha (Rajanala), the army commander. Dharma Nayaka (Chittoor V. Nagaiah) is one of the victims of Surasimha's tyranny. Dharma's brother Veera Nayaka (Mikkilineni) as a masked man rebels against Surasimha by leading a group of men. He robs the royal wealth and distributes it to the poor. While he is looting the wealth of princess Mandaramala (Krishnakumari), Dharma's son Narasimha (N. T. Rama Rao) fights with the masked brigand and is surprised to find it is his uncle. He learns from Veera how Soorasimha has ruined their lives. Meanwhile, Surasimha plots to ascend the throne by marrying Mandaramala. In an act of deceit, he eliminates Dharma Nayaka and Veera Nayaka. Narasimha takes the place of Veera Nayaka as the masked rebel, annihilates Soorasimha and ascends the throne after marrying Mandaramala. Kamal is unemployed and he usually helps out his friend Ery at her burger stall. One day, Kamal accidentally applies for a job at a motorcycle company owned by a man-hating woman named Rina and he is hired as a female despatch rider. He cross-dresses as a woman named Kamalia and decides to further understand Rina but ends up falling in love with her. A chemical accident turns ordinary donuts into blood thirsty killers. Now it's up to Johnny, Michelle and Howard to save their sleepy town from...Killer Donuts. Isabel is torn between the need to feel valued as an actress and her insecurities and contradictions. One night, she hosts a very special dinner: her husband Angel, who is a scriptwriter, and Susana, Angel's ex-wife and film director, want to convince Argentinian actor Diego Peretti to star in a movie. But at some point something unexpected happens that surprises everyone and disturbs the evening. Three twenty-something couples, one gay, one lesbian, and one straight, travel to a beach house to enjoy the last days of summer, but what should be a fun and carefree weekend becomes an exploration of what it takes to sustain a healthy relationship. When Scott and Kate Johansen's daughter gets into the college of her dreams it's cause for celebration. That is, until Scott and Kate learn that the scholarship they were counting on didn't come through, and they're now on the hook for tuition they can't begin to afford. With the help of their friend and neighbor Frank also in need of a major payday they decide to open an illegal casino in his suburban house, risking everything together on a Vegas-style bacchanal where money flows, inhibitions are checked at the door, and all bets are off. What happens in the mountains, stay in the mountains. Giant Mountains are truly the spice of local highlanders who live here, whether any season. Skier with one leg, the legendary womanizer adorned with infertility, the bartender with a penchant for divination... And Pavka, the oldest living member of a traditional cross-country Bulan family. Six of the worlds scariest psychopaths escape from a local Asylum and proceed to unleash terror on the unsuspecting crowd of a Halloween Funhouse whose themed mazes are inspired by their various reigns of terror. This documentary chronicles over two years in the heels of four of the world's most famous drag queens including former RuPaul's Drag Race winners Jinkx Monsoon and Sharon Needles, former All Stars champion Alaska Thunderf*ck and season 7 and All Stars 3 contestant Katya Zamolodchikova. From performing across world stages to winning (and losing) Drag Race or dealing with major tragedies, The Queens lifts the lace front, giving an insight into one of the most fascinating and quickly ascending entertainment artforms. Garfield plays multiple roles including ancient Egyptian royalty, a fairyland kitten, a movie 'stunt cat" and more!  As the romantic monsoon rains loom, the extended Verma family reunites from around the globe for a last-minute arranged marriage in New Delhi. This film traces five intersecting stories, each navigating different aspects of love as they cross boundaries of class, continent and morality. When all the world's a stage, crafting identity and desire is a performance that develops with and without an audience. In this Austrian documentary, the seven queer- and lesbian-identified performers of Club Burlesque Brutal discuss their experiences with identity and power. Terry is a small-time car dealer trying to leave his shady past behind and start a family. Martine is a beautiful model from Terry's old neighbourhood who knows that Terry is no angel. When Martine proposes a foolproof plan to rob a bank, Terry recognises the danger but realises this may be the opportunity of a lifetime. As the resourceful band of thieves burrows its way into a safe-deposit vault at a Lloyds Bank, they quickly realise that, besides millions in riches, the boxes also contain secrets that implicate everyone from London's most notorious underworld gangsters to powerful government figures, and even the Royal Family. Although the heist makes headlines throughout Britain for several days, a government gag order eventually brings all reporting of the case to an immediate halt. A family living with their grandpa find out that there's more than meets the eyes at their families' barn. A woman who is looking for acceptance, who's looking for love, who wants to be appreciated and who wants to belong find what she's looking for from her personal assistant. Whether you or someone you love is challenged with diabetes, understanding the disease and being motivated to lead a healthy lifestyle is your key to good health and satisfaction. Joe just told his boyfriend, George, that he is a serial killer. George thinks that his boyfriend, Joe, is hilarious... and he just saw Patricia Arquette at Target!!! In the horror/comedy hybrid, 'You're Killing Me', we take a look at the life and death consequences of dating in the age of incessant chatter. Joe and George meet just as Joe is coming out to himself as someone who loves to kill. George, on the other hand, can't decide which wig to wear for his next YouTube video. As George's friends start disappearing, one by one, he must face the undeniable fact that Gretchen might not be coming back with crushed ice for his party #YouDontNeedIceForChardonnay. Artist and life-long nerd Johannes Grenzfurthner is taking us on a personal road trip from the West Coast to the East Coast of the USA, to introduce us to places and people that shaped and inspired his art and politics. Traceroute wants to chase and question the ghosts of nerddom's past, present and future. An exhilarating tour de farce into the guts of trauma, obsession and cognitive capitalism.  Features interviews with Matt Winston, Sandy Stone, Bruce Sterling, Jason Scott, Christina Agapakis, Trevor Paglen, Ryan Finnigan, Kit Stubbs, V. Vale, Sean Bonner, Allison Cameron, Josh Ellingson, Maggie Mayhem, Paolo Pedercini, Steve Tolin, Dan Wilcox, Jon Lebkowsky, Jan "Varka" Mulders, Adam Flynn, Abie Hadjitarkhani, Kelly Poots... Check out the hilarious story of luck and misadventures of Tino, a family man whose life is transformed after he wins the lottery. Dazzled by wealth, this boaster spends all his money on a life of luxury and ostentation. But after finding out that he is bankrupt, he faces comical situations: besides not telling his wife he is broke because she is pregnant and cannot get upset, Tino must accept help from his neighbor who is an extremely thrifty financial adviser and the only one capable of getting him out of the rut. Rudi is in her mid-thirties, in between jobs, lives in a run down East Vancouver apartment, oh and is completely in denial of her mental state. After making the decision to break up with her ex, Dave, a new owner of a bed and breakfast in the middle of nowhere B.C., the decision still haunts her. She takes a road trip to reconcile with him but things take an interesting turn.  During another tumultuous Thanksgiving holiday, one family suffers a tragedy: loss of all cell phone reception throughout the house. The sudden media blackout forces the clan to face all their crises head-on--and uncover a few ugly truths along the way. Condorito must find a way to rescue his mother in law from an ancient race of aliens which wants to enslave the universe once again. One of Britain's most exciting and popular stand-up comedians, Russell Howard is back in 2011 with his third sell-out tour Right Here, Right Now. The star of Russell Howard's Good News and Mock The Week never fails to entertain with his trademark mix of eloquent gags and deft storytelling. Paris, 1964. The Swiss sculptor and painter Alberto Giacometti, one of the most accomplished and respected artists of his generation, asks his friend, the American writer James Lord, to sit for a portrait, assuring him that it will take no longer than two or three hours, an afternoon at the most. Tig Notaro travels across the country to perform in the homes, back yards and basements of her fans. Even though each show has the potential to be a disaster, she dives into the chaos time and again to free herself from the comedy circuit grind. Kevin is a 22 year old programmer from a small town hoping to sell his app. One girl makes him feel like a million bucks, the other a nervous wreck, but his relationship with both will make him realize what he really wants out of life. 100 parodies that run from ten seconds to one minute. The characters start to interact and the episodes blend one into another, to create a new movie.  Exploitation of bodies.  Fusing documentary-realism with magic-realism, and true and fictionalised stories  with poetry and dreams, Ghode Ko Jalebi Khilane Le Ja Riya Hoon is a love letter  to the syncretic culture of Old Delhi, to its history which is slowly losing itself amid  concrete and smog Two stepsisters uncover a bizarre conspiracy about a secret battle between the people named Joe in the world and the people named Bob. A financially desperate couple robs a mansion, and becomes the victims themselves when they are trapped inside of it by a dying Christian man who will not let them leave until they've made a decision to follow Jesus. Jennifer and Vince, virtual strangers, find themselves strapped for cash and decide to stage a fake engagement and wedding just for the gifts A dad forms a bitter rivalry with his daughter's young rich boyfriend. With a new iPhone, an apartment near the Grove, and a comfortable bank account left to her by her beloved late husband, Marnie Minervini has happily relocated from New Jersey to Los Angeles to be near her daughter Lori, a successful (but still single) screenwriter, and smother her with motherly love. But when the dozens of texts, unexpected visits, and conversations dominated by unsolicited advice force Lori to draw strict personal boundaries, Marnie finds ways to channel her eternal optimism and forceful generosity to change the lives of others - as well as her own - and find a new purpose in life. Alpha Male Smith and his Beta, Keith, move to take over a local community. They hook up with restless Female, Denise, igniting a deadly feud in which emotions run high and deep-seated grudges resurface amongst the tribe. Are we not men? Or are we simply beasts? Steve Oram, the actor/writer from SIGHTSEERS and KILL LIST stars in his long-awaited debut feature with a host of his friends. Get ready for the most unusual celluloid primal scream - an anarchic, hilarious, disturbing and touching look at the human condition. THEMROC meets PINK FLAMINGOS in the Cult Movie of the Year. In a small Catholic village, the community stands against the local priest when the latter refuses to offer a funeral mass for a suicide victim. In reprisal, the priest denies the sacraments to the entire town, until the family of the deceased remove the body from the catholic graveyard.  On a fateful evening in a Seattle dive bar, Josh Kuntz and a group of social outcasts put on a faux wrestling show to a crowd of enthusiastic bartenders. With crude language and satirical monikers, the guys "beat" the pulp out of each other in a clumsy ballet, earning cheers from the crowd. That evening, the Seattle Semi-Pro Wrestlers were born. Dev decides to give Maria and her uncle a lesson for duping his friend. Sybille, an accomplished actress, is given the chance to direct a film based on her own screenplay. Everything seems to go well at first. Her producers, two sisters, are two wacky but lovable characters, and Sybille dives into the adventure with them, putting aside her family life. But, from the unlikely choice of actresses, the successive rewrites of the script and the financial issues, the wonderful dream turns into a nightmare. Ever the optimist, Sybille will realise too late that her whimsical and totally crazy producers are going to drag her in their madness ... One thing is certain, nothing will happen as planned. A detective investigates a forgery ring in historical Korea. In the 19th year of Jeonjo's reign, Kim Min, Joseon's top detective, who used to be a King's secret messenger, has been banished to a remote island for some unclear reasons. The only visitors are his old partner, Seo-pil and a young girl, who comes every day to ask him to find her younger sibling. In the meantime, Kim Min happens to hear a rumor that bogus silver bars have been being distributed, which awakens his dormant traits as a detective. Hisako, a beautiful, mysterious woman with her identity unknown, continuously interferes the investigation conducted by this excellent pair of detectives. An Algerian man's life-long dream finally comes true when he receives an invitation to take his cow Jacqueline to the Paris International Agriculture Fair.  Dawid, Vanessa and Ludwig are the finalists at a pitch-competition for a movie about the German Rap phenomenon CRO. As the three youngsters work out their extraordinary film ideas, they must fight through unexpected personal challenges.  A macho dad learns to accept the real identity of his gay son before it gets too late. The film follows Jay Jay, a former hair dresser who has become a drug addict. He lives his new life by doing deals for Vivian from time to time. One day he meets Parm, a free-spirited girl. The two fall in love. Jay Jay's drug habit grows, and he soon resorts to robbery. On the threat of arrest, he works alongside two dirty policemen by becoming a narc, and reports on his former fellow junkies. Yet, as the movie continues, Jay Jay sinks deeper into turmoil with feelings of self-hatred. When an inner city pastor is re-assigned to a rural church, he and his family must find away to adapt to their new, unfamiliar environment. Starring Garrett Schweighauser, Casey Nicholas Price and directed by Matthew Rocca. A vampire posing as a priest creates a cult of blood thirsty humans and is responsible for a number of killings beginning with a massacre at a church. Buster's home life is disrupted when his ex-wife and her boyfriend move in. A comedy about three couples with issues in their sex lives. Instead of seeking counseling they attempt to handle it themselves and it becomes a hilarious disaster. Hopefully they can humble themselves and realize their no love without sacrifice! A girl decides to break up with her long-time boyfriend when she realises her boyfriend is having an affair. Then she meets another guy but was heartbroken when she found out that he is married. Meanwhile, widower to her late sister proposes to her. Will she accept or persists to find her true love?  Although the title appears to allude to the alleged Malaysian political phenomenon, the director has denied the insinuation. The cast includes the "Bengal Andy," (Md Shakhawat Hossain Nirab), comedian Saiful Apek, Dato David Arumugam, Zhu Yu-six, female tattooist Kiniki, Singapore artist Ai Dika (Atikah Suhaime), "Laozhabor" You Yamin. Badmashiyaan - Fun Never Ends Tired of being overlooked for bigger roles, a struggling dwarf actor sets out to be cast as the Tin Man in Martin Scorsese's remake of The Wizard of Oz. Siddhu (Sudheer), a naughty easy going guy falls in love with Indu (Asmita Sood). But Indu is the sister of Cherry (Ranadheer) who keeps on protecting his sister from others' eyes. But on the other hand Cherry he loves Anjali (Poonam Kaur), the sister-in-law of a dangerous man Bujji aka Shankar (Ajay). How things move among these people, how Siddhu plays with Shankar forms the main story. Gopi is a care-free, oversized young guy who lives with his grandfather. He suddenly discovers that his parents had separated following a spat right after his birth and he has a twin brother who lives in Mumbai with their mother... In the fall of 1994, a teacher at Chicago's run-down Steinmetz High conspires with the school's academic decathlon team to cheat on an academic competition. Ray is young, charming, successful and the owner of a prosperous architect company. However, he has recently gone trough a very painful divorce. His friends try to cheer him up by showing him the positive sides of being single but for Ray marriage and stability is just too important. But when he meets Lena his gloom is quickly forgotten. Based on true events (mostly), Freddie, a 15-year-old runaway becomes intimately acquainted with California's "Murder City" after being released from jail, just shy of midnight. Absurdly self-reliant, completely broke and 120 miles away from her friends she has nothing to depend on but her wit and youthful charm. The story of a young man who arrives in Hollywood during the 1930s hoping to work in the film industry, falls in love, and finds himself swept up in the vibrant cafe society that defined the spirit of the age. Impeached high school president, Tim Timmerman, seeks to redeem himself and get into Yale. When Maddy Stern discovers her father has gone missing during a routine birdwatching excursion, she and her college pals trek out into the wilderness to find him, only to end up in a wealthy scientist's desolate ranch aviary, where they encounter a pair of giant, hungry terror birds believed to be extinct for centuries. A corporate man who sets out on a journey of self-discovery and heads to the Himalayas. Entangled in his Uncle's gambling affairs, Scott and his dim-witted companion, Joel, find themselves desperately strapped up in the company of debt collectors, dog thieves and an unsuspected psychopath. Raja Rajendra is a 2015 Kannada comedy film written and directed by Pon Kumaran. It stars Sharan, Ishita Dutta, Vimala Raman and P. Ravi Shankar in the stellar roles. The film marks the reunion of director Kumaran and actor Sharan after their previous venture, Jai Lalitha. Produced by Uday K. Mehta, the film released on 6 February 201 Ernest Krakenkrick and Bachir Bouzouk are about to become pilots in the French army. But after the bad consequences of a test undertaken with the centrifuge, they are forced to give up their dream. They are eventually given the position of baggage handler at Orly-West Airport in Paris. But one night, there is a hostage-taking in the airport and the "Moustachious", a group of terrorists, take hold of the control tower. Fred C. Dobbs and Bob Curtin, both down on their luck in Tampico, Mexico in 1925, meet up with a grizzled prospector named Howard and decide to join with him in search of gold in the wilds of central Mexico. Through enormous difficulties, they eventually succeed in finding gold, but bandits, the elements, and most especially greed threaten to turn their success into disaster. An alcoholic cop experiences blackouts and starts turning into a werewolf when the full moon appears in the sky. Musical film about the trials and tribulations of an idealistic drama teacher as she tries to put on the end of year show. A twelve-year-old girl is transported by a magical black stallion to the mystical world of Albion, where she discovers that she alone is the key to saving an entire race of people. Film from Jocelyne Clarke  Episode 3. Mowgli has grown and in order that he might take his place in the pack he needed to arm themselves. Kaa helped Mowgli find the Iron Tooth in the abandoned cave.  It happened just in time because the old enemy tiger Shere Khan raised havoc in the pack was going to overthrow Akela leader of the wolf. An alien space craft crash lands in one of the United Kingdom's busiest tourist towns and what follows is a crash course in how to survive the human world known as Earth.  In March 1977, six activists of the Movement for the Liberation of abortion and contraception (MLAC) were tried for the illegal practice of abortion. Around the trial, the film reveals the lives of this group of women proposing to appropriate medical knowledge associated with childbirth and abortion. Alex, a lovable, unassuming dog trainer is in love with a great woman - Katherine - smart, talented, from a good family. Katherine adores Alex's quirky sense of humor, honesty and capacity to listen. Having decided to pop the question, Alex is blindsided when Katherine produces a detailed list of well-thought-out "improvements" she feels will tweak Alex on their way to becoming the ideal couple. Alex instinctively rejects the suggestion that he needs to change anything. But with the threat of a new competitor, Alex decides to "do the list." Guided by a coterie of friends that include: Dave, Alex's loyal childhood buddy, best female friend Lily, her husband Michael, and their 8 year old son, Nicky, Alex's journey has him reconsider and question his beliefs, values and world. Romantic comedy-drama about a husband (Sordi) who is jealous of his wife's (Vitti) infatuation with a Professor. Apoorvan (Jayaram), Babumon (Kalabhavan Shajon), and Chopra (Baburaj) are very close companions. Babumon is married. Apoorvan, who has only studied up to 7th standard aims to become a world renowned scientist and does many experiments to become so. Apoorvan is supported financially by Babumon whos.. Four brothers and the inevitable clash between their lives in modern day Seoul. After being discovered as a fraud, Tex Montana, host of a hit survival show has set out to prove that he CAN survive the wilds, the weather, and his own ineptitude. Children join B1 and B2 on a wonderful adventure through a fun-filled world. A man and a kid are discovering beauty in life. This night, Morgan, a 25 years old boy, wanted only one thing : to remain quiet and think of his life and the choice he has to make for the future. But something unexpected was about to happen... When Vaughn invites friends to a cabin for the weekend to meet his fiance, one unexpectedly arrives with his ex-girlfriend. Long repressed feelings are reawakened and his engagement is thrown into doubt in this subversive romantic comedy.  Franky and Krimo dream of leaving the grey grime of their neighborhood behind and of traveling to the famous and diabolical Thai beach resort of Pattaya. To get there cheaply, the two friends have the crazy idea of registering, unbeknownst to him, the local little person for the Thai Dwarf Boxing World Championship. But what was supposed to be a dream vacation will transform into the most insane and dangerous adventure of their lives. Hapless wedding videographers Wacker and Tony find themselves unexpectedly dealing with a dead body, overly-enthusiastic Gardai, fertility treatments, and a vengeful gangster - oh, and an imminent wedding. Based on a compilation of O'Carroll's own experiences as a wedding videographer back in the day, the film is a buddy movie slash crime capper with the good guys coming out on top at the end, but not without the sense that the entire thing could go up in flames every other minute. Murphy and Bermingham have great chemistry that has you rooting for them from beginning to end.  Baseball prodigy Jubeh Yakyu is the most feared and dangerous juvenile delinquent in all of Japan. After accidentally causing the death of his father with a super-powered, deadly fireball pitch, Jubeh swore off baseball and became a criminal and now, at 17, has been sent to the Pterodactyl Juvenile Reformatory for hardened criminals. Headmistress Ishihara, the granddaughter of a World War II Nazi collaborator, runs the institution with an iron fist and the enthusiastic help of her sadistic assistant, Ilsa. After arriving at the hellhole, Jubeh soon learns from governor Mifune that his long-lost, younger brother Musashi had also done time there after a murder spree, but had since died mysteriously... Fat Chance is a grassroots Australian story of physical conquest that will change the way you feed your family forever.  This new documentary follows Warren Hepsworth who sets out to ride a pushbike from Perth to Melbourne on a low-carb, high-fat diet. You'll see Warren's preparation for the ride as well as highlights and lowlights from the journey, and the diet change.  The movie attempts to debunk the notion that athletes have to carb load and that you can't get your energy from fat. In the process we learn that much of what we've been told about a healthy diet is wrong. About a fictional village in Iran and two candidates that are competing for people's votes in a local election. After a rock is thrown through a window, two families become intertwined in a dispute after an incident following an unsuccessful marriage. The couple in question try to hash out what actually went wrong, as the surrounding family members point fingers at one another. Tension builds as all of their other problems seem to bubble to the surface at the same time. Four loser gangsters devise a scheme that is eviously ingenious (or profoundly stupid): to disguise a minibus as a police vehicle to rob cross-border rucks that carry human carcasses with money inside. The ploy kicks into action one evening in the New Territories, and the plot thickens with spooky and deadly encounters, including one with an identical police car - also a fake, but manned by killer gangsters who are after the same dead bodies. A film crew travels to inner Brazil in search of the best "piadeiro" --amateur comedian-- of the region. We meet these characters on the streets, squares and inside bars, while they are displaying their sense of humor. Beyond being interesting characters, they have the knack of making people laugh. In this film, they each have their 15 minutes of fame --or maybe more. Charlie who is a professional screenwriter trying to make ends meet by pumping out as many screenplays as he can. Erin is an actress appearing in films and theatre productions hoping to find success and herself in the process. After meeting by chance on a film set they become close friends and share in lamenting over the realities of romance in their lives. Charlie and Erin decide to make a pact to create the greatest romance they can imagine. They plan to write their dates and perform them with all cliches they grew up with and wished would happen to them. However all the romantic overtures don't go off exactly as planned... But as they pretend to have the perfect love will they discover the feelings they could have for each other? Mabel Longhetti, desperate and lonely, is married to a Los Angeles municipal construction worker, Nick. Increasingly unstable, especially in the company of others, she craves happiness, but her extremely volatile behavior convinces Nick that she poses a danger to their family and decides to commit her to an institution for six months. Alone with a trio of kids to raise on his own, he awaits her return, which holds more than a few surprises. Couple hires team of wannabe filmmakers to follow them during their engagement. The Police Commissioner, Advocate Sinha and Police Inspector Vikram Singh arrive at the Central Mental Hospital to speak with an inmate, Arun Saxena. They hope to get Vikram to befriend Arun so that they could unravel the mystery as to why Arun ended up romancing wealthy Sapna, then getting involved with Jyoti, and subsequently killing her. Arun is arrested, confesses to the the homicide and is sentenced to be hanged. This news unsettles Arun to such an extend that he becomes mentally unstable and is institutionalized. Vikram hopes to befriend Arun, get him cured and medically discharged, and ensure that he is hanged.  A story about bullying and homophobia between a teenagers at high school.  In this comic but dated story, nerdy Shurik travels to Caucas in search of native legends and folklore. But what he finds is a beautiful girl whom, due to intoxication and deceit of the local "gang", he ends up literally stealing for the local deceitful governor. All the time Shurik thinks that it is all just a one old Caucasian custom. When he, finally, realizes what he did he goes out in search for the girl of his dreams. Written by Ptah Hoteb Max Salinger, writer divorced, flamboyant and self-absorbed, refuses to welcome her daughter for 15 years under its roof. In revenge, she steals his last manuscript and file class of snow. To retrieve his property, Max has then no choice but to land in the ski resort to improvising "accompanying parent. Only problem: the famous writer, who is not already an exemplary parent, is not really a qualified nor attendant! EPIC descents in infernal hiking, the life of Max in the mid-teens was not all rest Announces... Airline pilots Cool, Sam and Guy were proud womanizers whom all took tremendous pleasure in making the rounds with every stewardess they came across. But one day during a seemingly routine flight, they encountered a violent magnetic storm that sent them falling through a wormhole. Upon landing, they assumed the storm had blown them off course onto a film set, but in reality, they had travelled back in time to Ming Dynasty, China. A lady has her prim and proper life turned upside down after discovering her husband's affair. An exploration of the relationships and personal lives of a group of bachelors, presenting the changing intimacy equations and morals of new-age youngsters. An unruly and spoiled girl Nancy is sent to the Physical Education College, which cultivates students into sports elites with strict regulations. Although her cousin Ken tries to help her get used to the ascetic life there, it doesn't turn out as he intended. In order to pursue the handsome captain Tom, Nancy quits her favorite volleyball, but joins the Kung Fu team. What really annoys her is another girl Tina, who sees Nancy's crush on Tom, is still chummy with Tom. Experiencing inter-school Kung Fu tournament enables Nancy to learn a lot from the Principle, her teammates and even rivals. Through tears and pains, the young ones grow up and get closer to their dreams. Since then, Nancy has found that practicing Kung Fu is no longer for wooing a guy... As a publicity stunt, a musical comedy star announces her engagement to a young man she believes is a gigolo, with whom she eventually falls in love. A bachelor who decides to propose to his girlfriend with his mother's ring only to have the ring accidentally knocked into the gutter by a boy. He experiences the crazy nightlife in Taipei and meets many interesting individuals throughout his mission to get the ring back. Harry Smith is your typical sexually-unfulfilled husband whose wife Olivia is more interested in UFOs than in him. With the help of his friend Sam, Harry makes Olivia believe that he has been abducted by aliens, when really he has an affair with the new dancer at the strip club which he and his wife own. But the tables are turned when Harry really is abducted by aliens, and they give him the remarkable ability to bring a woman to orgasm simply by looking at her. Ram, Anil, Vikram, Salmaan and Deenbandhu are the rebellious brats of suburban Delhi NCR, with the world at their feet and nothing to worry they stomp everything in their path without knowing the consequences, but challenge lay ahead when all of them are put in a totally new world of convent school, here they survive and thrive only to find love. But one night they encounter a horrifying event which puts them in the hands of law. Their lives change forever, they have to fight for justice and moral integrity to make an example for the world. The simple task of babysitting a lounge singer's wife turns into a nightmare for Ginger, Sean and Ricky, three unsuspecting film characters that become self-aware of their own existence in a fictional movie. With an eager determination to defy the writer's outrageous ideas, the characters must quickly think of ways to break out of their predestined roles and into a real and unpredictable narrative of their own making. But when the film's director and producer decide to abandon their current cast and complete the project with an alternative approach to the material, Sean, Ricky and Ginger have some plot twists of their own for the powers that be in this surreal, outlandish comedy. In a small Minnesota town, the annual beauty pageant is being covered by a TV crew. Former winner Gladys Leeman wants to make sure her daughter follows in her footsteps; explosions, falling lights, and trailer fires prove that. As the Leemans are the richest family in town, the police are pretty relaxed about it all. Despite everything, main rival (but sweet) Amber Atkins won't give up without a fight. Two employees try to get their debt-ridden TV channel to the top position by manufacturing a fake reality show that involves uniting lovers who face opposition at home. The court horse Gaius Julius Caesar to his misfortune overhears boyars and learns about a conspiracy against the prince. What to do? Protect a prince no one! Heroes away - catch a robber Potanyu, Dragon on vacation, the army on maneuvers ... But if the bad guys are going to take over the world, to someone it is necessary to save him? Who is he, a hero who will come to the rescue? Of course, the horse Julius! This Strategy and the "grand strategist". He would save all, but if you do not save, then at least try. Most importantly, to the rescue of the world did not turn a complete disaster. Gabbar Singh arrives at the empire of Rathanpur to save the princess and the civilians from the ruthless criminal Bhairav Singh. After two years in prison, John Spinelli is a free man. But as he grapples with his mad mix of macabre neighbors, John realizes something evil governs his new neighborhood. Can he convince authorities he is innocent? Or will he wish he was back behind bars?  At Big Jim's Auto Depot there's only one rule. The last man - or woman - standing wins. Eight teens enter, one teen leaves. Actually, all eight teens leave, but only one leaves with the ride of their dreams. To reach that dream, they're going through a nightmare. Keep your hand on the car. That sounds simple enough, but two days of sleep deprivation and fierce competition can make things awfully hard. Love for the same woman causes conflict between an over-achieving blind athlete and the brother who made him that way. Berlin widower Paul Kruger, a retired ex-GDR stone mason (66), hates foreigner immigrants, especially Muslims. When his beloved, doting granddaughter Annie plans to marry Deniz, an ambitious student and waiter in Ankara who needs a visa for Germany, backward Paul and his buddy, publican Karin, go on Turkish 'holiday' so he can talk her out of it. But Deniz proves her only choice and probably a right one, even if countrymen and family win Paul's heart, as well as a resourceful preteen-thief, who proves an orphaned Syrian refugee. Paul even promises to plead with his counterpart, Deniz's family patriarch, who opposes him marrying a Christian infidel at pain of expulsion from the close clan. Arthur Harris is a happily married man who returns from his job to discover that his wife, Fiona, is leaving him. Devastated he gets really drunk and tries to commit suicide. After a few setbacks and while he is trying to electrocute himself with a lamp, the door bell rings. An odd man in a leather coat asks if there are any odd jobs that he can perform. Arthur hires the man to kill him. The next day his wife returns, but the man he hired is still trying to kill him... A criticized anchor-man, a lively octogenarian guest on a tv show that spares no one, friends from home watching it on TV, with an unpredictable ending. A look at a few chapters in the life of Poppy, a cheery, colorful, North London schoolteacher whose optimism tends to exasperate those around her. Claude and Ellen are best friends who live in a not-so-nice area of New York. They're involved in the subculture of 90s youth, complete with drugs, live music, and homophobia. All is changed one night when a violent and meaningless death rocks their lives. Vineeth, a senior reporter, tries to interview Deepa, a junior family court lawyer for the new edition of a magazine. However, the interview seems impossible due to Deepa's hectic schedule. Ashwin, an engineering college student meets a beautiful girl Bhoomika in the campus. After a few playful encounters, they fall in love. Ashwin hails from a lower middle class family and all the time he thinks of making big money in a very short time. When Bhoomika stumbles upon something big, she consults Ashwin and his friends and together they strike it rich in a very big way using an invisible chemical (A chemical when it is sprayed on anything or anyone the object or the person becomes invisible). However they are forced to be on the run after being chased by the cops. Now starts the wild goose chase with ruthless &amp; buffoonery gangsters, comic cops, bungling CBI officer and the hero and his friends playing all kinds of pranks.  Somer Son tells the story of a thirty something couple that decided to break away on a last gasp holiday to Mozambique in an attempt to get their marital spark back. Pieter and Sonja (played by Reynard Slabbert and Juanita De Villiers) still love each other, but question their relationship. Sonja feels the fact that they can't fall pregnant is a sign that the relationship is in serious trouble. Pieter had a vasectomy because he chose to focus on his career as a successful lawyer but keeps this dark secret from Sonja. A dream holiday in paradise might be the answer... but an accident along the way sends them on an unexpected adventure. David, a riot policeman who caused Nacho, a protester, to lose an eye during a demonstration, meets him at a dinner party. Toji Seryo is a popular first year high school student. It's well known that Toji Seryo will date anyone that confesses their affection for him on a Monday, but he will break up with that person by Sunday.  Yuzuru Shino is a third year student at the same high school. He looks pretty, but all of his former girlfriends end up dumping him. Yuzuru Shino becomes curious about Toji Seryo. On a whim, half serious & half joking, Yuzuru Shino asks Toji Seryo to date. A young, vibrant, character driven comedy set against the backdrop of a British University. Two students decide to make their own unique brand of L.S.D to pay off their tuition fees, and ultimately try and stay in school. A satire of 1990s pop culture.  Umesh, a loafer, leaves his home town and goes to Chennai to become a film-maker when his father asks him to manage their grocery store. A selfie that he takes in Chennai changes his life forever. A look at the making of The Used's fourth record. A hopeless romantic who thinks he's found true love with an older woman, only to learn that she's married and that his fling is merely an instrument of revenge against her neglectful husband. Loserville follows a dorky high school outcast named Chuck as he navigates the wild and confusing days of his senior year. Chuck must face the challenges that he and friends are growing apart; that his mother has decided to date a much younger man who just happens to be the school's gym teacher; and that his dream girl the brilliant, beautiful and popular Melissa Mercer barely acknowledges his existence. His plan to capture Melissa's heart once and for all by befriending her younger sister, Mary, is complicated by the fact that a viral video of Mary is the talk of the school. Featuring an ensemble of funny, flawed, and lovable characters who collide in a romantic, comic cocktail that turns every teen stereotype you think you know on its head. A father doesn't want his three daughters to get married. Now, it's up to three men to try to and convince the father that they're a good fit for his daughters. Naoki works as a not so popular host at the host club Akegarasu in Shinagawa, Tokyo. His repayment day is coming soon and he has prepared 10 million yen to pay off his debt. Naoki has a party with his co-workers to celebrate this event, but, when he wakes up the next night, he finds that his money is all gone. Naoki asks his co-workers at the club about his money, but all of them say they didn't see it. Did Naoki dream he had 10 million yen? If He doesn't get the money soon, he will be thrown into the bottom of Tokyo Bay. Naoki can't trust anyone.  A female mutt called "Perla" (Pearl) is abandoned by her owner on the top of the San Cristobal hill, in the capital city of Santiago, Chile. Without knowing what to do, soon Perla is part of the huge amount of street city dogs. Until the day she meets Samuel, a troubled man, and they both start the way of mutual recovery. A young woman who dreams of being a children's author makes an unlikely friendship with a cantankerous, rich old widower. Cam tells the tragicomic story of Antoinette, a bachelor who is tired of being alone. If his neighbor Rob offers to help him with internet dating, he eagerly accept the offer. The miracle takes place: Rob is the Russian Natasha Antoinette for her and let happen to the Netherlands. What Antoin not know is that Natasha actually the secret internet lover of married Rob, who seize this opportunity to have her near him. Xiao Xin is a 29 year old tomboy. She wants to have a baby but she doesn't want to be in a troublesome relationship. Then she finds the perfect candidate for a sperm donor - playboy and a celebrity Zha Yi. A young girl goes through a series of strange events after she is dumped by her boyfriend on her birthday and loses her job. The countdown to terror has begun. Astronaut Eli Cologne became the first man on Mars, but something went horribly wrong. Infected by an alien organism, he returned to Earth a savage monster with an unquenchable thirst for human flesh. An employee of the insurance company, Oleg Kogy along with his wife Olga, decide to use his official position and swindle an insurance policy. They insure the Oleg's life for a large amount, simultaneously taking out loans in several banks where 'Oleg Kogiya' is known as a representative of the insurance company.  But something goes wrong, each of the participants start to get entangled in the sins and merits of crime... After refusing big and prestigious awards all over the world, Mr. Mantovani, Literature Nobel Prize winner, accepts an invitation to visit his hometown in Argentina, which has been the inspiration for all of his books. It turns out that accepting this invitation is the worse idea of his life. Expect the unexpected when you have used real people as characters in your novels! A hapless group of upstart paranormal investigators set out in search of answers to the mysteries of the universe. A young woman who lives in a desert trailer park must choose between caring for her hapless father and sick friend or fulfilling her own destiny. Film detayi. Toji Seryo is a popular first year high school student. It's well known that Toji Seryo will date anyone that confesses their affection for him on a Monday, but he will break up with that person by Sunday. Yuzuru Shino is a third year student at the same high school. He looks pretty, but all of his former girlfriends end up dumping him. Yuzuru Shino becomes curious about Toji Seryo. On a whim, half serious and half joking, Yuzuru Shino asks Toji Seryo to date. The film is based on a comic. Part 1 follows Monday to Thursday. Part 2 follows Friday to Sunday. What do you get when you take some of the funniest people in South Africa and put them on the same stage? That's the question Trevor Noah answered with SA's first Nationwild tour! Featuring the likes of Dusty Rich, Dillan Oliphant, Robby Collins and of course Trevor Noah. From Zuma, to ladies feet and Afrikaners to Oscar Pistorius, no subject is left untouched in this show. All the laughs you can fit on a DVD plus more.  This is the Nationwild Comedy Tour! Troublemakers Mok-won, Ryu and Hak-moon are far from passing the state examinations. Three female students enter the school during a new spring term and the atmosphere changes. Then one day, Mok-won and Ryu are taken to around the back of the school and molested by an unknown woman.  The three of them start an investigation. When their plane is rerouted due to a hurricane warning, two single female best friends find themselves competing for the same guy during an extended layover in St. Louis. In search of a new energy source, Russia accidentally reawakens the Kolossus - a giant robot doomsday device from the Cold War. At the same time, a new Mega Shark appears, threatening global security. Alex, a lovable, unassuming dog trainer is in love with a great woman - Katherine - smart, talented, from a good family. Katherine adores Alex's quirky sense of humor, honesty and capacity to listen. Having decided to pop the question, Alex is blindsided when Katherine produces a detailed list of well-thought-out "improvements" she feels will tweak Alex on their way to becoming the ideal couple. Alex instinctively rejects the suggestion that he needs to change anything. But with the threat of a new competitor, Alex decides to "do the list." Guided by a coterie of friends that include: Dave, Alex's loyal childhood buddy, best female friend Lily, her husband Michael, and their 8 year old son, Nicky, Alex's journey has him reconsider and question his beliefs, values and world. What happens when you secretly pay someone to romance your Mom? The Mess. The Madness. The Mockery of the greatest Democracy in the world by the writers of Jaane Bhi Do Yaaro Matt, a self-absorbed young attorney, goes to visit his grandfather - an eccentric recluse who lives in the backwoods without gas, electricity, or phone - to convince him not to give away his estate as he plans to do. But in the end, it is Matt who is convinced to make some life changes. Jason London and Ed Asner star.  When a woman needs someone to look after her aging father (Ed Asner), her irresponsible son isn't her first choice. Matt (Jason London) can't get his career, love life, or wallet in order, so how can he be expected to check in on his grandfather? But desperation leads Matt to visit his grandfather at his home in the middle of nowhere. For Matt, this barebones life takes some adjustment, but then he meets a single mother who helps him learn about the simple life. Pedro Jose falls in love with Natalia after meeting her in a gym. She is a teacher and coordinator of a summer camp, with her boyfriend Hector. Pedro Jose will try the impossible to enter the camp in the company of his friends and conquer Natalia's love. The lead character Raman (Dileep), is an employee in a rice mill in Pune. He used to carry the rice to the mill for processing on a bicycle. Later he decides to buy an auto rickshaw and goes to his village to borrow money from his mother to buy his dream vehicle. But once he reaches his village he is shocked to find a gang of people waiting there to kill him. The rest of the event forms the crux of the plot. The last drop for Jan's resolution is the voluntary death of his father-in-law, whose strength and patience ran dry. Grandma made decisions about Grandpa's life, old age as well as the funeral. Jan is sure that he and his wife Olga are on the same route. He recalls his past life when he used to have his own will and dreams and he wants to live again with dignity and freedom. He longs to control his own life again. And his solution is escape from the present life. In this movie we watch, in parallel ,the fates of Jan's married daughters Olinka and Alenka and his sons-in-law Erik and Pepik. A rich and famous self-help guru's controversial philosophy of extreme selfishness is put to the ultimate test when his only daughter is kidnapped and held for ransom. Simon Grunberg (12) never cared for his Jewish heritage, while his divorced parents bicker whether he should to his bar mithzva as father Frank wants, or save his foreskin as mother Hannah holds. When he falls in love at first sight of the new 'rabbi' Rebecca, Ben decides to join the preparatory religious class hoping to win her. Rena Misaki works at a bank. She lacks self-confidence. Because of a reason, she begins working for a PR company and her boss is Kusakabe. As she struggles to work under her new boss, Rena Misaki grows as a person. In the space of twenty-four hours the life of Anita, single and brilliant manager in career, is blown away by a hurricane of trouble. Once again set in the oceanfront Florida city of Blue Bay, "Wild Things 3" tells the tale of snobby rich girl Marie Clifton. Although she lives the life of luxury, Marie's distraught over her stepfather not giving her a pair of diamonds, valued at over $4 million, that are entitled to her in her late mother's will. That is, until one of her classmates, the local bad girl Elena Sandoval, accuses her stepfather of rape. Soon, it's deja Vi all over again as Detective Michael Morrison and probation officer Kristen Richards investigate, but as with the first "Wild Things" everything is not what it seems to be, and everybody has secrets to hide. Let's Get Married is a 1937 American comedy film starring Ida Lupino, who plays the daughter of a political consultant, Joe Quinn. From Wikipedia When a struggling writer, HIV positive for 20+ years, accidentally deposits a $100 birthday check, he is dropped from his health plan for earning too much. In this new era of sort-of universal care, can he take on a helpless bureaucracy or come up with $3000 a month to buy meds on his own? After Mac Daddy decides to quit being an international ladies man, two of his best pupils (Diego and Damon), who have been trained by him in the arts of seduction, decide to take over. Damon and Diego take their game to Vegas to become international ladies men. But Damon ends up hitting on the wrong woman, and both Damon and Diego get involved with the most dangerous Italian Mafia in Vegas. Now Mac Daddy must come back into the game, to help save their lives. A young man leaves Ireland with his landlord's daughter after some trouble with her father, and they dream of owning land at the big giveaway in Oklahoma ca. 1893. When they get to the new land, they find jobs and begin saving money. The man becomes a local barehands boxer, and rides in glory until he is beaten, then his employers steal all the couple's money and they must fight off starvation in the winter, and try to keep their dream of owning land alive. Meanwhile, the woman's parents find out where she has gone and have come to America to find her and take her back. TELL ME SWEET SOMETHING tells the story of Moratiwa, an aspiring writer who owns and runs a bookstore in the heart of Johannesburg. The bookstore, like her love life, is not experiencing much success. This all changes when she meets and falls in love with the unlikeliest candidate in the world, Nat, a male model, who has never read a book in his life and is desperate to be loved for his mind not his body. Against the odds, they become romantically involved but then Sashi, Nat's now pregnant ex-girlfriend, shows up and sets off a chain of romantic complications into motion. Ah, to see ourselves as others see us. Michael's mid-life crisis was a flame out. Left his wife. Bought a Porsche (used). Now, lonely and looking to make amends, he's seeking forgiveness and counsel from his angry daughter. Laurie sees right though him. Vishwasam... Athallae Ellaam is the story of Jomon played by Shine Tom Chacko and his frequent conflict with A S A Luka, his father played by veteran actor Shankar. Jomon is a very spoilt brat and he seldom know how to lead a practical and successful life. He believes that a person can amass wealth only using intelligence. As he wishes, he is entrusted with a task that can make his ambition a reality, but his lack of knowledge in practical life lands him in several trouble. Christopher Robin, the boy who had countless adventures in the Hundred Acre Wood, has grown up and lost his way. Now it's up to his spirited and loveable stuffed animals, Winnie The Pooh, Tigger, Piglet, and the rest of the gang, to rekindle their friendship and remind him of endless days of childlike wonder and make-believe, when doing nothing was the very best something.   A compilation of stories about the unique bonds between characters living in Suffolk. After ten years of doing nothing, Orel and Gringe are in their mid 30s and they struggle to finish their first rap album. Their texts are mostly sex jokes and booze stories and reflect the everyday life they have in a small town from France. The problem is that they never really finished a song and when their producers want to meet, they have to face a new challenge : finish their first song in the next 24h. Their old issues, the fear of failure, their alcoholic friends and annoying girlfriends won't help them to do so, or will they ? When three childhood friends reunite on one midsummer night, their delirious abandon and reminiscence explodes into a daring search for hope and deliverance from the burden of their dreams. Timm Thyler is poor, but he laughs a lot and he looks so charming. One day, the world's richest man makes the boy a dubious offer: if Timm agrees to sell him his laugh, he'll win every bet he ever makes in the future.   An award-winning cynical journalist, Lloyd Vogel, begrudgingly accepts an assignment to write an Esquire profile piece on the beloved television icon Fred Rogers. After his encounter with Rogers, Vogel's perspective on life is transformed. A lot has changed in the lives of our men, but in the sequel to Men in the City, finding their true love turns out to be everything but a fairytale. So the search continues in full swing. Mutlu earns his living as an extra but his clumsiness causes a lot of troubles.   Director and Israeli army veteran Ari Folman interviews friends and former soldiers about their memories of  the 1982 Lebanon war and especially the Sabra and Shatila massacre in Beirut. The usage on animation enabled Folman to illustrate their personal memories and dreams.   Cassidy is a struggling actress, grinding out auditions, worrying that any chance at stardom may have already passed her by. Desperate to save money to move to Hollywood, she takes a job working as a runner for her mother's boyfriend. The documentarian, a devoted Archie fan, searches for the real-life people behind the characters in Archie Comics, the influential teen comic strip still popular almost 75 years after its creation. Were Archie, Betty, Veronica, Moose, and Jughead based on actual students who Bob Montana, the original Archie cartoonist, had gone to high school with in the 1930s in the town of Haverhill, Massachusetts? More, is the person who inspired blonde Betty still alive? Businessman Bhaskaran Pillai builds a large commercial empire until his wife dies. Under pressure from his son, Bhaskaran goes on a trip where he meets Hima, a small-business owner. One promise is one promise. An unknown assassin is killing the top agents of T.H.E.M. Superseven, Sandra West and Sparky race against time and the odds to bring the spy killing spree to an explosive end. Frank and Casper's friendship is put to a test, when Casper decides to leave Denmark to pursue a solo career in Los Angeles. Determined to win his best friend back Frank chooses to follow Casper insuring an eventful trip. In another world, another time, all the old legends of vampires...of ghosts...of werewolves...and all manner of things that go bump in the night...are real. And as all the old legends make so very clear, humans are the natural enemies of...The Darkstalkers. Now, one man has made it his duty to seek out and destroy those who would threaten and eclipse humanity's future. Bearing a sword that seems almost...alive...he stands ready to fight all those who have dedicated their lives to The Dark. Yet, what of the Darkstalkers? Surely such powerful beings have their own reasons for what they do...and their own plans and ambitions concerning both the human world and...The Demon World.  Based on a video game of the same name. OVA series consisting of four 45-minute episodes, known as "Vampire Hunter: The Animated Series" in Japan. From adversaries to friends. Two women discover that their shared fury, passion and determination is the catalyst that can lead them on a journey towards self discovery and ultimately... success! When Ida, cheeks streaked by mascara tears, unexpectedly shows up at her sister's, the staid Alison bargains her way out of mom duty for the night and the two head off to an Eastside wine bar. There, they run into Will and the freshly divorced, sweatpants-attired Clark. After some slightly inebriated commiserating about mismanaged marriages and other adult concerns, the foursome head out into the night, careening from downtown lofts to pot dispensaries to midnight swims and back again, determined to prove they still have what it takes to have a good time. The UK's top comedian Michael McIntyre hosts a jam-packed night of entertainment and variety from London's largest theatre, the stunning Coliseum.  In this Easter special, Michael presents the world's leading comedians, music superstars and jaw-dropping speciality acts as well as his own record-breaking comic talents.  Michael says: "When I heard the BBC were making a show called Michael McIntyre's Easter Night At The Coliseum, I knew I had to be involved. The London Coliseum is a truly magnificent theatre and I will be hosting an array of talent befitting this magnificent venue. This will be a true variety show for all the family to enjoy. I can't wait..." Helena Joubert lost herself somewhere between her Varsity love, the big, crazy wedding, and her two hyperactive kids. She and hubby Gustav exchanged their passionate relationship for a permanent seize-fire. The once uninhibited and vibrant journalist is now just a few fading photographs on the wall. And then, her world is shattered when Gustav apparently starts an affair with the very big investor who just might be the savior of his company - Elzaan Mostert.  Enter Helena's alter ego, the can-do, let's-make-a-plan, nothing-is-impossible younger version of herself. Alter Ego comes up with the idea of starting a blog called Alles wat Mal is (Everything Crazy), documenting Helena's hectic life, and her quest to win back Gustav's affection, and put a spark back into her marriage. T.H.E.Y. has programmed Sandra West to become a T.H.E.Y. assassin. Can Superseven stop her from killing more agents and prevent her head from exploding like a poodle in a microwave? A Documentary about the Lanka Comic Con, history of how it started, and its community. A has-been New York rock-star teams up with a wannabe filmmaker to destroy hipster culture in New York... if they don't destroy each other first. A small but brave donkey and his animal friends become the unsung heroes of the greatest story ever told, the first Christmas. Raised as a slave, Danny is used to fighting for his survival. In fact, his "master," Bart, thinks of him as a pet and goes as far as leashing him with a collar so they can make money in fight clubs, where Danny is the main contender. When Bart's crew is in a car accident, Danny escapes and meets a blind, kindhearted piano tuner who takes him in and uses music to free the fighter's long-buried heart.  The Real Deal Every year, Bruno makes a tour of all the wine stands, without setting foot outside the Show's premises and without ever finishing his wine trail. This year, his father suggests they finish it together, but a real wine trail, across the French countryside. Accompanied by Mike, a young, quirky taxi driver, they set off in the direction of France's major wine regions. Together, they are going to discover not only the wine trails, but also the road that leads back to Love. Suddenly, on New Year Eve, Yuri becomes invisible. And very surprised after discovering that there is a lot of invisible people like him in Moscow. Kunjiraman (Vineeth Sreenivasan), nephew of Well-done Vasu (Mamukkoya), plans to marry Vasu's daughter Thankamani. All plans are thwarted by Kunjiraman's dim-witted cousin brother Laalu (Dhyan Sreenivasan). To avenge this he goes to Gulf to make money and returns to his hometown Desam. Krystal and her twin brother/roommate confront twenty-eight years of their codependency when they start dating the same guy. A road trip from Karachi to Lahore where 5 friends discover themselves and the country amidst getting to their destination. Lou Wilson returns from a few years of college to live at home again only to find that his parents have adopted a 12-year-old. Two old women who live in a mansion, which is locked between two skyscrapers, hate their neighbors because they are rebel medicine students who party all day long. One day, one of the old ladies get sick and is saved by one of the students, arousing a weird friendship and an opportunity to discover  new experiences and change behavior patterns.  Ionut and Mariana will get married soon. It's time to meet their families and to plot the happy event. In-laws seem to understand perfectly: passion for TV series unites luxury, Romanian music of the '80s and brandy. Especially brandy. As the bottles are emptied, misunderstandings begin to appear. Three couples, three visions on marriage: fast and opulence (with white doves and Holograf Fuego), traditional wedding (with musicians and tent), or a youthful? Different options, different camps. No one fails. Moreover, the two parents-in-law remember that they met once, 25 years ago. They were in different camps. Now that miraculously brought back to life to face. Follow great challenge. It takes a miracle that this wedding is to be held. A modern day adaptation of the ancient Greek play Lysistrata by Aristophanes, set against the backdrop of gang violence in Chicago. When a bestselling celebrity biographer is no longer able to get published because she has fallen out of step with current tastes, she turns her art form to deception. Ivana Cornejo is just getting used to being single again after her divorce three years ago. After an exasperating call from her ex-husband, she throws her cell phone away. Fortunately, the man who finds it calls her to return it, and to her amusement they have an instant rapport. The man on the other end of the phone is Leon Godoy, a renowned architect with a charming voice and a charismatic personality. They schedule a date so that he can return the cell phone. When Leon arrives, Ivana is surprised: he is everything she had imagined, except for one unexpected and startling detail... he's only 4'5" tall. Ever since her mum died when she was fifteen, Maria has taken care of her father and her siblings. Responsible and in control, she's always been a rock for the family and feels proud of her efforts. That's why her father's sudden love for his nurse and the announcement of their marriage brings Maria's world crashing down around her. At the age of 35 and unable to find a steady partner, she'll have to take the plunge and dare to change her own fate.  Seven contestants are brought on to a reality show where their objective is to see who can sit on a couch for the longest time without getting up.  The story revolves around two objects, a rare set of 18th-century Limoges china, and a 19th century aristocratic portrait. As these items are passed, sold, or stolen from one character to another, a giddy round dance of excess begins to take shape, one which suggests that if history doesn't repeat itself, it certainly rhymes. Together with co-writer Gerard Brach, whose other co-writing credits include Repulsion and Tess, Otar Iosseliani uses a feather-light touch to expose the futility of class and social order, making a bagatelle of the concerns of rich and poor alike. Teen romance is complicated for a boy who's secretly in love with a college girl but who's also captured the heart of a high school freshman. A government agent is determined to come to his son's rescue, when a sinister official kidnaps him to harness his extremely powerful psychic abilities. Two internet anarchists wreak havoc on the world, and each other. Koko The Clown continually interrupts an animator, who turns his attention to trapping the clown. Follows Max Kenner, an ambitious suburbanite with big dreams of becoming a real life action hero and working for the C.I.A. When Max flies off to a big college, he learns lessons in love, friendship, and foils danger. New film directed by Edgar Pera. Kentucky, 1861. Francis and Henry Mellon depend on each other to keep their unkempt estate afloat as winter encroaches. After Francis takes a casual fight too far, Henry ventures off in the night, leaving each of them to struggle through the wartime on their own. College girl picks up a stalker and things start to unravel. Adam Jones is a Chef who destroyed his career with drugs and diva behavior. He cleans up and returns to London, determined to redeem himself by spearheading a top restaurant that can gain three Michelin stars. A timid young grad student madly in love with her scientist boss offers her body to his research. Can Aydin, Phong Giand and Cha-Lee Yoon have 24 hours to save their best friends and uncover the secret safe of the Berlin underworld kingpin. A heartwarming story of a little boy with an overactive imagination. A drama following a French platoon during Algeria's war of independence Jefferson Peterson, CEO of animal export business Zoo-Lu has died. His son, Scott Peterson is required to attend his alma-mater, Newtown College in Boston, Massachusetts. If he doesn't go, he'll be forced to give up everything he's become accustomed to in life: his electronics equipment, his video games and even James, his pet orangutan. So with the knowledge that his father's will has donated a large sum of money to the college, Scott heads to Boston but he has no plan to attend university himself, but maybe he doesn't need to... A story and friendship of five wealthy and successful women Georgia, Chloe, Stella, Charley, and the newest in the group Ina. The four older women take Ina under their wing as they teach her the "rules" in their "secret" world. Most importantly, they teach Ina on how to go about their secrets. Jiminy Cricket hosts two Disney animated shorts: "Bongo," about a circus bear escaping to the wild, and "Mickey and the Beanstalk," a take on the famous fairy tale.  An 11-year-old girl watches her father come down with a crippling depression. Over one summer, she learns answers to several mysteries and comes to terms with love and loss. Four runaway teenagers are catapulted on a wild and uplifting road trip out of the city and across the water to a magical island music festival. Gorgeous Kate Dax (Diana Dors) and her crime-writer husband, Andrew (Patrick Holt), investigate the murder of eccentric spinster Miss Tulip (Cicely Courtneidge) at a remote country cottage. FBI chemical warfare expert Stanley Goodspeed is sent on an urgent mission with a former British spy, John Patrick Mason, to stop Gen. Francis X. Hummel from launching chemical weapons on Alcatraz Island into San Francisco. Gen. Hummel demands $100 million in war reparations to be paid to the families of slain servicemen who died on covert operations. After their SEAL team is wiped out, Stanley and John deal with the soldiers on their own. Jack the Mouse sells the family cow (hey, it's a cartoon)for a handful of Mexican jumping beans, is scolded by his mother who throws the beans out into the yard. A great beanstalk sprouts from the ground and transports Jack the Mouse to a cloud island in the sky that has a castle owned by a giant bloodthirsty cat. Jack steals the hen that lays golden eggs. The cat gives chase. Dumped by his girlfriend, a young man discovers single life again with his two best friends. Two unlikely heroes team up to solve an ongoing killing spree targeting clients and coworkers of a t-shirt printing business. Lobster Napoleon, crab sofritto tapas and jumbo shrimp with bacon vinaigrette are just a few of the sumptuous shellfish dishes chef David Forestell demonstrates in his cooking show, "Gaslight Gourmet." In these three half-hour segments, Forestell trades tips and quips with his wine expert buddy, Robert Mines, while making use of the ocean's bounty by whipping up one delectable dish after another. A British college student falls for an American student, only to be separated from him when she's banned from the U.S. after overstaying her visa. When Curious George is offered a special space mission, Ted (The Man in the Yellow Hat) can't deny his little friend this exciting journey, especially after Curious George completes the training. But when he crash-lands in Africa, a worried Ted goes searching, expecting the worst, only to have it turn out to be the best. The true story of the 1973 tennis match between World number one Billie Jean King and ex-champ and serial hustler Bobby Riggs. This local ensemble comedy is set in 2003, as a group of working-class South Africans try to come to terms with their changed society. Seen through the eyes of a family dog, we watch as friends, neighbours and lovers try to deal with their challenging relationships. Two friends, both weathered by bad luck, must finally beat the odds to save their lives. A hypochondriac irks his partner by embracing the advice of an eccentric healer. Storks deliver babies...or at least they used to. Now they deliver packages for a global internet retail giant. Junior, the company's top delivery stork, is about to be promoted when he accidentally activates the Baby Making Machine, producing an adorable and wholly unauthorized baby girl... Stork is a gangly young man, a virgin with an overactive imagination who thinks he's a revolutionary. Bored with a design job at General Motors Holden in Melbourne, he drops out and moves into a share house with his mate Westy. He daydreams his way through life, bungling job interviews, upsetting 'respectable' people, and getting drunk. The only girl in the house, Anna resists Stork's advances, because she's already involved with the other two resident males, Tony and Clyde. But when she becomes pregnant and Clyde and Anna decide to marry, Stork, Tony, Clyde and Westy are shocked when they realize that either one of the foursome could be the father. Then the fun begins.... A successful sculptor and life-loving womanizer Max has never had a serious relationship in his life, until... his right hand gets possessed by the spirit of a young woman who hates his guts. While trying to get out of this predicament, the two strikingly different people are forced to share a body and a life. Clark doesn't care about you. He doesn't care about the world. He barely cares about himself. But after an incident with an old bowl of spaghetti and a malfunctioning microwave, he becomes a superhero that can fight crime with the power of spaghetti. However, you have to pay him. Catch me a Bandit is the Christmas movie to the series call The Socodoodles. When a thief broke into their home they thought that it was Santa Claus. Will they catch the real thief? A short animated film of Banks and Clyde follows it. In a neighborhood where Dominicans and Puerto Ricans live in community, they must learn to put their differences aside and work together to prevent the demolition of their basketball court. In Bamse and the Witch's daughter Croesus Vole finds gold in the beavers' dam. To demolish the dam and get the gold he tricks the witch's daughter Lova to enchant Bamse. With Bamse gone, it's up to the children to help each other to stop Croesus - but to do that they have to be friends.  A Paying Ghost (PG) is a story based on a famous novel "Badali" authored by Vasant Purushottam Kale (V.P Kale). The story narrates the interaction between a common innocent man and a homeless ghost family. A horror film with streaks of fun and laughter and it also brings experience into the magical world of the Ghosts A rich playboy falls unexpectedly for a kind girl and tries to get closer to her. But he gets chased by his past affairs, and lives a series of unfortunate events. Directed by four different filmmakers and produced by different production companies, these four short films share a common theme - life and death - and a common origin - all four are independent productions made with a little help from all our friends. Carlos is a man who goes to a coffee shop-library to take a cup, where Irene is reading a book. Not a reason for it, Irene close to Carlos and talks with him, starting a friendship with a little rules: no pasts, no birth names, no modern ways to contact between them (as Internet or similar), and finally not falling in love each other. Calling themselves Hada Chalada ('Crazy Fairy') and Duende Chiflado ('Mad Goblin'), both pass the days walking around the city engaged with magic, surrealist and funnies conversations about life, love and themselves, at the same time that Carlos tries to end his new script with his friend Cristobal, and eccentric writer obsessed with Japan.  Sandook is a Marathi movie starring Sumeet Raghvan and Bharagavi Chirmuley in lead roles. it is a satirical comic thriller set in pre independence era in a small town. The main protagonist Wamanrao Ashtaputre is a simple honest man who always dreams of getting rid of the British Raj. The film is filled with hilarious moments and one liners. Sandook is a complete family entertainer with a feel good factor throughout the story A rich heiress who falls in love with a man who is not as financially stable as herself. When former love interests make an appearance, the new lovers face challenges. A retired businesswoman - who tries to control everything around her - decides to write her own obituary. A young journalist takes up the task of finding out the truth, and the result is a life-altering friendship. Province policeman Franz Eberhofer is in a real trouble. Susi,  love of his life has fled to Italy because Franz has crossed the line. And while Grandma and Papa are planning a trip to Italy to liberate Susi from the clutches of her Italian lover, Franz has other problems. His boss has found a bloody pig head in his bed and Franz gets promoted to full time bodyguard. A witty comic book reviewer gears up to save the world from the forces of ultimate evil. Imani has her life turned upside down after she gets fired from her job. Imani attempts to rectify the situation by hooking up with a well-off man. After she gets brutally victimized by the man and his pals, Imani decides to become a vigilante who takes on the whole misogynistic system that labels her a gold digger. In a near-future Britain, young Alexander DeLarge and his pals get their kicks beating and raping anyone they please. When not destroying the lives of others, Alex swoons to the music of Beethoven. The state, eager to crack down on juvenile crime, gives an incarcerated Alex the option to undergo an invasive procedure that'll rob him of all personal agency. In a time when conscience is a commodity, can Alex change his tune? As a solar storm unfolds, causing power surges and blackouts, a storm of emotions rages within Regina, a spinster referred to as Fraulein, when a childlike sexagenarian checks into her hotel. What should be one night becomes a stormy coexistence all its own. The bar is raised again with TV Carnage 2G. If you were to think in the terms of fashion, this tape rivals the Acid Wash Jump Suit phenomenon in its ability to shock and amaze. If you think in the terms of pizza slices you will not believe some of the toppings on this "Cringe lovers delight" If you think in terms of "Should I get this or not?" think, "Should."  Bigfoot has come to the town of Ellwood City, PA and is causing BIG problems. Now it's up to three town locals to take him down.  Funded by a Kickstarter campaign and filmed in Ellwood City, LA Filmmaker and hometown hero Jared Show assembled a colorful cast of characters from all over the region to bring his vision to life!  The movie features some of Pittsburgh's most famous and best loved celebrities like Curt Wootton (Pittsburgh Dad), Joanie Dodds (America's Next Top Model), Jim Krenn (stand-up comic, formerly of the WDVE morning show), Mike Wysocki (WDVE), and even veteran news anchor Darieth Chisolm (formerly of WPXI) among others.  In this comedy/horror flick mullets, guns and beer are in full supply as the movie skewers the Pittsburgh 'Yinzer' stereotype right alongside the Bigfoot myth Thomas and Thomas are going through a rough patch: they are both thirty-something actors living in Paris. They randomly decide to leave the city and fly away to Kullorsuaq, one of the most remote villages of Greenland, where Thomas' father Nathan lives. Among the Inuit community, they will discover the charms of the local customs and their friendship will be challenged. Story continues with the students' own conflicts, Koro Sensei's identity and the fate of the world. The time limit for assassination is approaching. Carlos is a talentless ventriloquist that loves her mother as much as he hates her. When she dies he finally meets success but inevitably he will end up hugging her now transformed into a dummy. Ricky Rapper and Nighthawk Ricky find a buried treasure while digging for worms. Archaeological excavations begin at the site, and when a valuable iron-age ring vanishes, it becomes apparent that there's a site-robbing "nighthawk" at work here. A cop sent to investigate allegedly ghostly affairs in a village agrees to stay in a haunted bungalow for seven days to win the hand of a girl in the place.  Toto has grown and now is a young cock. An evil rancher tricks the female owner of the ranch where they live and forces her to bet the property in a cockfight in the arena. Toto is the only option to defend their home, so he must train in just one week and win the championship of the arena.  When Diego's girlfriend decides to leave him after a disastrous anniversary getaway, he will find any means possible to amend or fix what happened. Even if it means competing with different versions of himself when traveling through time. Joint Commissioner of Police Dev Pratap Singh, a duty-bound, self-righteous officer, and Special Commissioner Tejinder Khosla, the balancing force between the political interests of Chief Minister Bhandarker and Dev's commitment to the law, are lifelong friends, each with his own ideals. Farhaan, a law graduate, was brought up with ideals of non-violence and patriotism. Dev unwittingly gives Farhaan the wound that plunges him into rage and violence after witnessing the death of his father during a peace demonstration. Taking advantage of the situation, corrupt politician Latif sets the vulnerable young man on a path of violence and destruction that threatens to ignite the city. Aalyn is the light in Farhaan's life. Beautiful and innocent, the young woman also gets caught in extraordinary circumstances that transform her life and she dares to stand up for the truth. Jenia is a workaholic - glossy magazine editor. Stas is celebrity photographer. She is ambitious, and he on the contrary always relaxed. Jenia's ig dream is to become editor in chief, but for that to happen she needs to find a husband immediately! The condition given by the shareholders of the magazine is strict: since magazine is family-oriented - it needs a family person as a boss. To solve this problem Jenia has only a week. Stas decides to help the girl, having connections of lot of bachelors who could well fit to be the future husband. But Jenia suddenly realizes that she is not that ambitious, and Stas was surprised to discover he is in love. Secret agent Happy Charlie Steel and his bumbling brother Rex must stop Adolf Hitler from teaming up with Poor Li Hung to create a devastating doomsday weapon that could win World War II for the Axis. 'Chirakodinja Kinavukal' is based on the story of the same name by the character Ambujakshan (Sreenivasan) from the film 'Azhakiya Ravanan'. The story of Ambujakshan was discarded by Sankar Das (Mammootty) and friends of 'Azhakiya Ravanan'. But Ambujakshan does not give up hope. In the new gen era, he meets the new directors and finally his wish is fulfilled. The movie directed by debutant Santhosh Viswanath features Kunchacko Boban and Rima Kallingal in the lead roles. 'Chirakodinja Kinavukal' is the story of a tailor and his love interest Sumathy (Rima Kallingal), daughter of a wood cutter. Kunchacko Boban does the roles of the tailor and an NRI who comes to marry Sumathy. The story of "Chandrettan Evideya" revolves around Chandramohan (Dileep), who is a government servant and also an ardent classical dance follower and his wife Sushama(Anusree) is also a government employee. But the doubting wife keeps track of each and every thing her husband does. Chandramohan is well known among art followers as a good critic of classical dance. His reviews are often published in leading magazines. Considering his close association with beautiful dancers, his wife Sushama keeps close tabs on him by making phone calls every now and then. One fine day, they decide to go for a trip to Thanjavur where they meet an astrologer who tells them certain aspects of Chandramohan's previous life, which forms the crux of the story. In a world where nudity has been outlawed for three generations, a naked woman has gotten loose on the streets of Bakersfield. A dysfunctional family gathers together for their first Christmas since their mom died. When an attack on the Kingsman headquarters takes place and a new villain rises, Eggsy and Merlin are forced to work together with the American agency known as the Statesman to save the world. Frustrated, because he is forced to produce bad TV-shows, a manager of a TV-station, enters the station and manipulates the ratings, to initiate a TV-revolution. A glimpse into New York's inspirational volunteer based organization God's Love We Deliver which began providing food as medicine at the height of the AIDS crisis and has dramatically become part of New York's landscape. Eight twenty-somethings gather together to celebrate the birthday of a mutual friend. Before the evening concludes, relationships are tested, hearts are broken and passions are renewed. Wedding Pullav shows the story of two best friends Adi (Diganth) and Anushka (Anushka Ranjan) who are in love but they themselves are unaware of it. When Anushka is invited to attend the wedding of Diganth this love confusion further increases. On one hand Diganth is jealous with Anushkas boyfriend while on other side Anushka do not like Diganth to marry another girl whom she initially praises. The story then moves to a stage where they know their feelings but not sure what to do next. After a botched heist, Eddie  a murderous crime boss, hunts down the seductive thief Karen who failed him. In order to win back Eddie's trust, Karen recruits her ex-lover and premier thief Jack to steal a cargo of rare precious gems. But when the job goes down, allegiances are betrayed and lines are crossed as Jack, Karen, and Eddie face off in a fateful showdown. When three overworked and under-appreciated moms are pushed beyond their limits, they ditch their conventional responsibilities for a jolt of long overdue freedom, fun, and comedic self-indulgence. A middle aged woman named shubhangi kudalkar aka shubha leads a mysterious life of her own and to know more about it an author named vikram meets her. After listening to her, he is thoroughly shocked. For she tells him that if at all she touches the person with whom she has fallen in love with, then that person suffers a serious accident and such is the curse of her life. Every spring, there comes a day when women appear on the streets wearing skirts. Love is in the air on skirt day and the film follows sixteen colourful characters who attend a 'Cooking Class for Singles.' They hope to find their match during cooking speed-dates. Will ambitious lawyer Marijke win from her sexy best-friend Danielle? And is the shy Edwin able to put to practice what he learned through lessons on 'how to seduce a woman'? And what about the founders of the Cooking Class: Alexandra and Bor. Is their marriage as good as Alexandra so desperately needs it to be? We follow them and other characters in this modern day romantic comedy on their collective journey in finding true love. Epic fantasy-adventure meets martial arts action in this thrilling film written by Luc Besson &amp; Robert Mark Kamen. After a mysterious chest opens a gateway through time, teen gamer Jack (Uriah Shelton) is transported to an ancient empire terrorized by a cruel barbarian king (former WWE superstar Dave Bautista). Jack will need all of his gaming skills as he battles to defeat the barbarian, protect a beautiful princess, and somehow find his way back home. A young autistic woman runs away from her caregiver in order to boldly go and deliver her 500-page Star Trek script to a writing competition in Hollywood. On an adventure full of laughter and tears, Wendy follows the guiding spirit of Mr. Spock on her journey into the unknown. The story of an old Jewish widow named Daisy Werthan and her relationship with her black chauffeur Hoke. From an initial mere work relationship grew in 25 years a strong friendship between the two very different characters in a time when those types of relationships where shunned upon. Oscar winning tragic comedy with a star-studded cast and based on a play of the same name by Alfred Uhry. Will he catch up to the girl of his dreams before it's too late?  A cross-country trip to sell drugs puts two hippie bikers on a collision course with small-town prejudices. Bailey and Drew are a 40 something couple much like other couples: They have two kids, two jobs, one dad with Alzheimers and one boob with cancer. Toss in planning an 8 year old's birthday party and the only thing you CAN do is laugh. A fracking crew drills on sacred Native American land, unleashing an ancient demon. There are only two ways out of the woods, succumb to the demon or die. Following a meltdown that leads to a suspension, professional golfer Zoe Papadopoulos travels to her grandparents' village in Greece to escape the harsh spotlight of the international sports world. Between baking bread and eating baklava, she meets and mentors a ten-year-old girl who is determined - against all odds - to become the next golf sensation. Along the way, Zoe rediscovers her Greek heritage, her love of the game, and the hidden strength within herself as she inspires the townspeople in an epic showdown against a greedy American developer. Two old friends reunite, which causes complications. Romania, 1968. Two very different brothers. Mihai is a secret police informant, Emil is a dedicated dissident. When they have the opportunity to have their ailing father's eyes operated on in East Germany, the three set out on a moving odyssey. The film is based on true events - when the controversial RJ Anirudh recorded candid conversations between his celebrity/Bollywood pals at a farmhouse party: their intimate sexual desires, kinks, rivalries, affairs and bitching about Bollywood. The sensational uncensored footage has become India's First Reality Film. Two amateur film-makers find the movie they thought they were making, is actually making them. Timepass 2 is sequel of Marathi movie Timepass Comedy - In an effort to finish a film before turning thirty, Riley Young documents and re-creates the supposedly-true stories of a retired secret agent using local talent, a VHS camcorder, and every low-budget trick he knows. -  Buddy Moody, Frank Ladner, Bobby Smith Polar Adventure is a new russian cartoon With more than 1.2 million spectators, the 2011 feature film, Qualquer Gato Vira-Lata, gets its sequel in QUALQUER GATO VIRA-LATA 2. In the first film, Tati (Cleo Pires) and Conrado (Malvino Salvador) finally get together after a series of misunderstandings with Tati's ex-boyfriend, Marcelo (Dudu Azevedo). In this sequel, the new couple travels to a paradisiac location, a beautiful resort in Mexico where Professor Conrado is going to give a lecture. While there Tati decides to take advantage of the occasion and the beautiful landscape "to take a step forward" in her relationship with Conrado. But her plans do not work out. Marcelo, who is extremely jealous, accompanies everything from afar, finding out that the couple fought he regains hope and packs his bags destination the resort. And now? Who will Tati choose? After various adventures, encounters and mishaps, will Tati finally find her true love? Montreal actor/comedian Mike Paterson's health is no joke. The normally high-energy comic is desperate to overcome his debilitating sciatica back pain that conventional medicine hasn't been able to remedy. Mike obtains a legal medical marijuana prescription for his chronic pain and embarks upon an unconventional marijuana and hemp-infused diet that he supplements with exercise, vegetarian eating, no booze and sheer determination - all in an attempt to turn his health around and lose 50 lbs. in the four months before his destination wedding in Mexico. As part of his adventure, Mike hits the road to pot meccas California and Colorado to immerse himself in their blossoming 'edibles' scenes and learn from local chefs, dispensary owners, advocates and fellow patients how cannabis edibles work. Medicine never tasted so good.  *** TAKEN FROM ITUNES PAGE (https://itunes.apple.com/ca/tv-season/grass-fed/id1060185232) A comedy that tells the story of a small New Jersey town on the night of Orson Welles' famed 1938 War of the Worlds radio broadcast, which led millions of listeners to believe the U.S. was being invaded by Martians. Brought to life through archival material and the reflections of over 40 colleagues, friends and fans, BLOOD & FLESH is much more than the story of a moviemaking life most unusual. It beautifully captures the worlds of outsider filmmaker communities that existed in California in the '70s, and the weird ways they intersected with Hollywood mainstream and union indies. On Adamson shoots, regular Orson Welles crew and cinematographers like Gary Graver, Vilmos Szigmond and Lazlo Kovaks worked alongside Bud Cardos -- and at one point, Charles Manson! Director David Gregory (founder of Severin Films, director of LOST SOUL: THE DOOMED JOURNEY OF RICHARD STANLEY'S ISLAND OF DR. MOREAU) spent years making this film, speaking to everyone down to the cops who investigated Adamson's murder, vividly encapsulating both a bold life and tragic demise, with alien conspiracies, go-go dancers and Colonel Sanders coming in along the way. If you've got even a passing interest in cinema, you want to see this Mr Wickers and his class go on one final school trip after they finish their GCSEs. After his engagement ends badly, Josh decides to take advantage of his bachelor-party plans in Ojai, California, with the few friends still willing to join him. Focused on drugs and their own hangups, his self-absorbed friends refuse to confront the elephant in the room and ask Josh how he's feeling. As welcome and unwelcome guests stop by, Josh will attempt to find some closure over this weekend with the guys. When a globe-trotting, workaholic father trying to visit his daughter on a last minute layover in Los Angeles discovers that she's disappeared, he forces her awkward, nervous ex-boyfriend, still nursing a broken heart, to help him find her over the course of one increasingly crazy night. Beware of the Klowns is a feature length horror comedy and exploitation film about murderous clowns in a small town. A famous photographer, Jo Ellen Hathaway, has been being stalked for quite some time. She returns to the island she grew up on in an effort to get away from the stalker and get some well-needed relaxation time. On the island, she meets up with old friends and boyfriends and works on relationships with her family. However, she can't shake the feeling that she's still being watched. When Singapore surrendered to the Japanese in 1942, the Allied POWs, mostly British but including a few Americans, were incarcerated in Changi prison. There were no walls or barbed-wire fences for the simple reason that there was no place for the prisoners to escape to. Included among the prisoners is the American Cpl. King, a wheeler dealer who has managed to established a pretty good life for himself in the camp. While most of the prisoners are near starvation and have uniforms that are in tatters, King eats well and and has crisp clean clothes to wear every day. King soon forms a friendship with Lt. Peter Marlowe, an upper class British officer who is fascinated with King's elan approach to life. Chor Bazaari is a love story with a twist. An Atrangi Prem Kahani with its Satrangi characters that will steal your heart, quite literally. The protagonist Charlee is a charming, cheerful, capable, and confident young boy, who lives in Delhi with his family. But this is no ordinary family. It's a family that eats together, prays together and steals together. These riot of robbers are an entertaining bunch and each of them have their own favorite Chori ki cheez! While Charlee's father specializes in stealing thoughts, his mother's proud of the only booty she has ever stolen - Charlee ke dad ka dil. Charlee's younger bro has a room full of bats, balls and random stationary wiped off from his school. Amidst all of this, Charlie happens to land himself in a unique experiment of a thesis project for a beautiful young girl. Munch-Fals' script follows Adam, who has so far been spoiled by life - a good job, a lovely wife, an expensive villa, an independent son - but still it isn't good enough. Even the swinger weekend trips he has been taking with his wife have become a joyless routine, and his youthful optimism and appetite for life are distant memories. Then, one day, at another swingers' club, he does what swingers don't do - he falls in love. In this anthology of horror episodes, 13 bizarre stories are told by independent film directors of Southern Brazil. Between ghosts, serial killers and demons, they conduct their strange, very strange stories. "A Man Called Jon" is a light-hearted dramedy about Pastor Jon Terrell Carson's unusual style of worship. Jon's church is very traditional and is not accustomed to outbursts during service. One day after embarrassing the church along with his family, Senior Pastor Stannum decides to reach out to the Bishop requesting that Jon be assigned to a church more suited to his style of praise. Jon and his family find themselves at an African American Church, where he is confronted by Associate Pastor Dickens, who later informs him that he was sent to the wrong church due to mix-up in paperwork. Jon is moved to his third church where he struggles to fit in. Will Jon be able to control his celebration or will he be moved for a fourth time? A cop (Charlie Sheen), his partner (Dacascos), and his father (Martin Sheen) uncover a plot by city elders to smuggle drugs from Mexico into Phoenix, Arizona. An inexperienced college student meets a wealthy businessman whose sexual practices put a strain on their relationship. A hard-boiled love triangle between a private eye and two bloodsucking dames. Willy Echevarria is a policeman in a small town in the Dominican Republic. He's also a fan of and yearns to be like the leads of classic Film Noir. After being fired in a bumbled operation with his bad cop partner Bruce Garcia, Willy has a chance to restore his career by finding a historical artifact that mysteriously went missing from a national museum. A stylistic throwback to the summer camp films of the 80's and 90's, Camp Manna is the story of a Christian camp turned upside-down by the arrival of the wayward "new kid", Ian Fletcher. After a tragic accident, Ian Fletcher, a 15-year old Floridian, moves far north to live with his aunt and uncle. Shortly after his arrival, Ian is shipped off to Camp Manna, a backwoods Evangelical Christian camp soaked in baffling religious sub-culture. Camp Manna is centered around the God Games, a Biblically-themed Olympiad focused on turning boys into "men of faith". But as a "nonbeliever", this is the last place in the world that Ian wants to spend a week. He is bunked up with the Passover Privates, the cabin of outcasts and misfits, and their zealous, un-cool counselor Bradley Sommers. But when Ian is introduced to Clayton Vance, the savvy and chiseled counselor of the Righteous Regiment, he has one focus: Ditch Bradley and join up with Clayton. Comedian Kevin Hart performs in front of a crowd of 50,000 people at Philadelphia's outdoor venue, Lincoln Financial Field. It is a movie following the coming-of-age for a boy; the story begins in the mid-60s, continues all through the 70s, and finishes in 1981. He is a creative young man facing the troubles of the first pangs of love and we observe the way he tries to handle them within his social surroundings, his family, and environment. A dark comedy about a teenager whose twin brother commits suicide.  The origin story of the smash hit "Who Let the Dogs Out" goes back further than anyone could have imagined; steeped in legal battles, female empowerment and artist integrity, which beckons the question: will we ever know who let the dogs out? Armed with laser guns and wit, Pete Winning and his rag-tag crew navigate a flooded earth in the not-too-distant future. Braving mutants, pirates and the seas, they search for the self-crowned evil Queen's coveted maps of the new world. Relive this exciting matchup from the International Cricket Council's Cricket World Cup 2003, in which India is pitted against Pakistan in a do-or-die qualifying round. India faces an early and large deficit, but the talents of players such as Rahul Dravid, Virender Sehwag and batsman Sachin Tendulkar (in a Man of the Match performance) were equal to the task. This program also contains a bonus presentation that profiles Tendulkar. Hate turns to love as a man begins to appreciate living in forced proximity with a lovely Canadian-Indian woman.  Cowboy is wrongly accused of a bank robbery, or is he? The courts story of what happened is different from his story....Did he or did he not, that is the question. You'll have to figure it out "Khurafat" begins with Johan (Syamsul Yusof), a young man working as an assistant in a government hospital. He is a married man who has a wife named Aishah (Liyana Jasmay). The newlyweds are leading a peaceful life when suddenly they find themselves besieged by a weird creature. The presence of a mysterious old woman, together with the sudden emergence of Johan's ex-girlfriend Anna (Sabrina Ali) add to the mystery. Anna is always disturbing Johan even though she knows Johan is now with Aishah. PASTOR PAUL is a feature film about a white tourist in West Africa who is possessed by a ghost after acting in a Nollywood movie. Amar, Meet and Prem go into a small town where they encounter a 'femme fatale' in the form of Ragini. Ragini is everything they had dreamed of, but she slowly turns into their worst nightmare!  Kleanthis is working two jobs, and saddled with debts. His boss hates him, his mother-in-law despises him. His life is going nowhere - at least till he's clearing out a room in the antiquities department where he works, and finds a magic mirror with a friendly genie that can make wishes come true. Kleanthis uses the mirror to change his life and get what he wants - but, even though his wishes are granted, something always seems to go wrong. Three life-long friends struggle with an early middle-age crisis as they start to try to get a job for the first time. An ironic quest to avoid becoming an adult and accept responsibilities. When a fit of anger leads to a serious injury, a sidelined soccer star returns to his hometown and reluctantly agrees to train the local youth. A German living in India during World War II is blackmailed by the English to impersonate an SS officer on board a cargo ship leaving Japan for Germany carrying a large supply of rubber for tyres. His mission is to disable the scuttling charges so the captain cannot sink the ship if they are stopped by English warships.   Three stages in George's life, and three girls he encounters in each stage. A woman discovers that severe catastrophic events are somehow connected to the mental breakdown from which she's suffering. A student writer struggles to find a happy ending for her romantic story when her own real life romance falls apart. Billy and Lucy have grown up together in a small, close-knit Australian country town, where they form one of the town's most formidable Ute driving teams. When Billy takes one risky car stunt too far, Lucy declares she is moving to the city - sending Billy into a spin. Amid the mayhem of the town's annual "Bachelors and Spinsters" party, Billy only has one night to wake up to his true feelings for his best friend - or lose her forever. Spin Out is a fresh, feel-good comedy romance for the young and the young at heart. 2013 oriya film directed by Deepak panda. After the death of his grandfather, Koen Shirakawa (Atsushi Ito) quits his job at a bookstore and goes to a temple to become a monk. At a picturesque lakeside estate, a love triangle unfolds between the legendary diva Irina, her lover Boris, and the ingenue Nina. Kyle wants to make a Pure Pwnage movie but he has to do some convincing because Jeremy is now living the suburban life and doesn't want to participate. A young man raised by scientists on Mars returns to Earth to find his father. Rangeela (Arshad Warsi) and Guddu (Amit Sadh) are from North India they both are cousins. They play orchestra. But they want to make money from any way. One day the information provided to local gangsters about the richest families in town, has fetched them an easy and safe way to subsist without getting their hands dirty in the bargain. So they kidnap Baby (Aditi Rao Hydari). They were supposed to get 10 crore as kidnapping amount. After kidnapping her they have to face a lot of problem. But suddenly Billu Pahalwan (Ronit Roy) comes in action. He is politician and he changes the game of Guddu Rangeela. Then story takes an interesting twist.  Le Mirage is the perspective of a man in his thirties asking himself "what am I chasing?" Our society has become all about consumerism, if not excess. Success is determined by what and how much we have and "stuff" becomes the band-aid to a meaningless existence. Stuff fills the void of the existence we weren't meant to lead. After heroically defeating both the Snow Queen and the Snow King, Gerda still cannot find peace. Her dream is to find her parents who were once taken away from them by the North Wind and finally reunite the family. Thus, Gerda and her friends embark on an exiting journey to find her parents and encounter new challenges along the way: they discover an ancient magical artifact of the trolls, the Stone of Fire and Ice. From that moment on, things don't go according to the initial plan...Will Gerda be able to tame the mighty forces of the magical elements and get her family back? The answer will be reveled in 2016. This is a story which encompasses everything you love about Wizart: kindness, bravery, friendship, mystery, love of one's family, and a happy ending, of course! The USS Enterprise crew explores the furthest reaches of uncharted space, where they encounter a mysterious new enemy who puts them and everything the Federation stands for to the test. In an effort to avoid paying off a massive gambling debt to a notorious mobster in England, a couple flees to Los Angeles and hatch a jewel theft plot. A young man and his fiancee returning from their shopping are surprised to find in their car a little boy who doesn't know his way home. Meanwhile, they get a call from a gangster asking them to bring the boy to him. What's the mystery around the boy? This film revolves around a youth named Prakashan, who moved to Gujarat 15 years ago.[6] Prakashan (Fahadh Faasil) works an assistant to his uncle (T G Ravi) who runs a decrepit tyre shop at Kutch. Having moved to Gujarat years back, Prakashan nurtures a dream of marrying Esha (Mrudula Murali) and of paying off his uncle's debts. The Idol is a 1966 British drama film directed by Daniel Petrie and starring Jennifer Jones, Michael Parks, Jennifer Hilary and Guy Doleman. A rebellious student embarks on an affair with the mother of his best friend, leading to disastrous consequences. When tyrannical dictator Josef Stalin dies in 1953, his parasitic cronies square off in a frantic power struggle to become the next Soviet leader. Among the contenders are the dweebish Georgy Malenkov, the wily Nikita Khrushchev and Lavrenti Beria, the sadistic secret police chief. A film about growing apart when growing up. Two best friends relationship strains when one deals with her newfound sexuality and the other with breaking up with her long term boyfriend. A group of veterans wake up after a night of partying to find out that the zombie apocalypse has spread across the United States. Together, they must fight their way across the country in order to find a cure for the outbreak and restore freedom before it's too late. A railroad worker in China in 1941 leads a team of freedom fighters against the Japanese in order to get food for the poor. When his astrologer uncle (Satish Kaushik) predicts a favorable future for Raja (Akshay Kumar), he decides to nothing until the prediction comes true. When he meets Shalu (Juhi Chawla) the daughter of a millionaire (Kadar Khan) he decides his predicted future has arrived. However his lazy lifestyle does not meet with his future father-in-law's standards, and he insists that Raja does some hard work for a change. Sharron Holden is a loving mother, wife, and workaholic. She's on the verge of a huge promotion at work, but her husband feels as if she has given up on her family. While on vacation, she imagines that life would have been better if she didn't have kids so young. But when a man claiming to be Kris Kringle arrives, he shows her how empty life truly would have been without the love of her family. Eikichi left his hometown in Hiroshima for Tokyo. He tried to find success with his music band, but failed. Several years later, Eikichi goes home to tell his father, Osamu, that his girlfriend is pregnant. His father curses him out, but he is also excited to have a grandchild. Osamu has a party to celebrate the news, but, at the party, he collapses and goes to the hospital. Eikichi struggles to make his father happy. A teenager falls in love with the mother of his best friend. Paranoid, he will imagine that her husband, stepfather of his friend is chasing him. For a school assignment he meets Jose, an Ecuadorian illegal immigrant musician. The movie revolves around three childhood friends, who are married and settled in their lives but are afraid of their wives. Vilen Apresyan, the deputy head of the Armenian central bank, will be fired if a representative of an international credit organization, who is about to arrive in two days' time, doesn't sign an agreement to provide a 50 million euro loan. The situation looks hopeless, and Vilen can only be saved by a miracle... Pierre, widowed and retired, has not been out of his house for two years. He discovers the joys of the internet thanks to Alex, a young man hired by his daughter to teach him the basics of computer science. On a meeting place, a charming young woman, Flora63, seduced by the romanticism of Pierre, offers her a first date. Lovers, Pierre is back. But on his profile he put a picture of Alex and not his own. Pierre must convince the young man to meet Flora in his place Valdomiro gets involved in yet another scheme, this time involving the same people that tricked him into losing everything - and he brings everyone from Ms. Jo's hostel along. Florence and Vincent Leroy are a model couple. They have great jobs, a perfect marriage and delightful children. And now they want their divorce to be an equal success. But when they are both simultaneously promoted to their dream jobs, their relationship becomes a nightmare. From that moment on, the gloves are off, the two exes declare war and will do everything in their power to NOT have custody of their children. Steve Ford is a private detective in Venice Beach, Calif., who's good with the ladies, bad with the punches and wild about his dog Buddy. When local thugs steal Buddy, Ford turns to Spyder, their devious leader, and forges an unlikely alliance. With help from his best friend, Steve pulls out the big guns to retrieve Spyder's stolen cash and cocaine and save Buddy. Desperate for cash, a down on his luck party emcee is corrupted by his shameless uncle to steal his grandmother's top secret pickle recipe. Iconoclastic, take-no-prisoners cop John McClane, finds himself for the first time on foreign soil after traveling to Moscow to help his wayward son Jack - unaware that Jack is really a highly-trained CIA operative out to stop a nuclear weapons heist. With the Russian underworld in pursuit, and battling a countdown to war, the two McClanes discover that their opposing methods make them unstoppable heroes. 'People You May Know' tells the story of four friends in their 40s in Los Angeles. All them will have to confront a new reality when Delia gets pregnant from Joe, her best friend who happens to be gay. The cross-frontier migrant's life 'within the system' - an endless, featureless, futureless round of queues - becomes even bleaker in December. Bipul doesn't want to admit it, but the arrival of Lidia, a Russian girl makes a difference. Hope? Surely not! A future? Get real! December is also the ninth month of Martina's pregnancy. But, just when the situation seems hopeless, help is at hand. A Christmas story. A comedy directed by Alexander Peter Lercher. Two hunky phone repair guys from Flatbush, former Wall Street hotshot Jimmy and his buttoned-up cousin Max, stumble across insider trading tips and start tapping a phone line to get even more. But when stock tips turn to murder plots, the hapless men are unable to go to the police and soon find themselves in over their heads and flat out of luck. An impending wedding and sexual confusion round out the plot in this romantic comedy crime caper. Ricky is a defiant young city kid who finds himself on the run with his cantankerous foster uncle in the wild New Zealand bush. A national manhunt ensues, and the two are forced to put aside their differences and work together to survive. Dongaata is a comedy thriller starring Lakshmi Manchu and Adivi Sesh. The film marks the debut of Vamsi Krishna as a director,and the film has also been produced by Lakshmi Manchu. Diane is a well-known lawyer, divorced for three years. She loses her mobile telephone and receives a call from the person who finds it. That person is Alexandre, a charming man and the perfect gentleman. They make a connection over the phone and agree to meet up the following day. But when Alexandre arrives, there's a surprise in store when Diane discovers he is only 4' 6" tall. From that moment on, Diane tries to overcome the prejudices of society and her own fears to experience the best time of her life... After her son Kevin commits a horrific act, troubled mother Eva reflects on her complicated relationship with her disturbed son as he grew from a toddler into a teenager. When a scientist runs short of funding for his life-saving medical Bio-Printing research, he accepts an offer of investment from a shadowy military organisation. In return, he is forced to use his technology to create the ultimate battlefield weapon - a full size Tyrannosaurus Rex.  After a horrific accident in which the dinosaur massacres his research team, the scientist shuts down the project. However, his investors demand results and it can only be a matter of time before the deadly T-Rex is unleashed upon the world! Chaz, a vintage magazine collector, decides to go on a road trip with his friends to Hollywood after discovering his evil landlord's plot to kill the creator of their favorite magazine. With everything at stake, Chaz is forced to choose between his beloved vintage collection, his best friends, the girl of his dreams, or saving an innocent man's life. After fighting with his boss and losing his job, Monty, a semi-successful thespian, flees back home to live with his parents under false pretenses. His old friends and family are left to deal with his inflated ego, while he comes to terms with the fact he isn't as 'great' as he may believe. Calvin is competing with five other actors for the lead in a major Hollywood movie. Stopping at nothing, he uses a demonic book of curses on the actors, each bringing to life a monster that kills in their own unique and terrifying way. This live event, filmed before a delighted, sell-out audience at London's Royal Festival Hall, and broadcast to cinemas throughout the world celebrates the publication of Stephen Fry's new volume of memoirs 'More Fool Me'. A heady tale of the late eighties and early nineties in which Stephen - driven to create, perform and entertain - burned bright, partied hard and damn the consequences...Don't miss this rare opportunity to see the comedian, actor, presenter, writer and raconteur on stage live. The film is a comedy of errors, in which three guys land up in Bangkok amidst a lot of confusion over their marriage with three girls. They are forced to do insane things in order to woo ... Amarvedu dynasty was attacked by Britishers at the time of Bobbili war in South India. Before the Britishers are about to attack the dynasty, a couple of friends Daanaala Dharmayya (Gummadi) and Pagadaala Subbayya hides the treasure in a cave of five doors, very far away. A young man and woman running away from their homes are taken to a police station, where they become spectators to the goings-on at the place. This colorful adventure tells the story of an impetuous mermaid princess named Ariel who falls in love with the very human Prince Eric and puts everything on the line for the chance to be with him. Memorable songs and characters -- including the villainous sea witch Ursula. Lovestruck: The Musical: Tells the story of Harper (Jane Seymour), one of the best dancers to hit Broadway. But an injury caused her to leave the spotlight, become a choreographer, and raise her daughter, Mirabella (Sara Paxton). When Mirabella, the star of Harper's next big production, decides to quit the show to get married, her mother is determined to put a stop to the wedding and show Mirabella that she cannot give up her career for love, especially to marry playboy Marco (Alexander DiPersia). Dug, along with his sidekick Hognob, unite a cavemen tribe to save their hidden valley from being spoiled and, all together as a team, to face the menace of a mysterious and mighty enemy, on the turf of an ancient and sacred sport. When nerdy but lovable Jeffrey sets out to cure cancer for a class project, he accidentally drinks a deadly chemical that turns him into a deranged killer. Soon, a bloody series of murder, revenge, and downright lunacy is set forth! This is a story in jail. A story about learning a "new life"... Hollywood movie director, Dick Dickster, is a drunk hack with a big ego and a bad attitude. He's broke, in debt, and unemployable. His manager, Sammy Davas Jr. wants to dump him as a client. His wife, Hardy, is divorcing him and wants alimony. Dick owes the mob fifty grand and hit man Tony Baritoni has been sent to collect. And District Attorney Ed Lawler is re investigating statutory rape charges against Dick from his cult movie: Cult of Doom. A film school student, Tim Meeks begins filming a documentary about Dick. They interview producers, directors and actors about their bizarre encounters with The Dickster. Then a mysterious XXX producer, Coco Hart, offers Dick 100-K to turn Cult of Doom into: Cult of Poon. Dick can't say no. From their first encounter as teenagers in high school, Scott and Sid seem unlikely friends. Scott is a shambolic dreamer, intent on carving out his own path in life and holding up a metaphorical middle finger to anyone who tries to stop him. He is a quintessential troubled teen: on his fifth high school by the age of fifteen, alienated from his peers, crippled by recurring nightmares and disliked by his own foster parents. Sid, on the other hand, wants nothing more than to be liked. An unconfident, awkward recluse through circumstance, Sid's impoverished and dysfunctional background leave him no time for friends and no money for hobbies. Since she was young, Soo-Nam has been able to do anything well with her hands. She holds 14 different certificates for typing excellence, but a computer takes over her job. Luckily, she finds a new job and marries. Soo-Nam and her husband decide to buy a house. They take out a loan to pay for their home. Soo-Nam works hard to pay off the loan, but she falls into more debt. Then ... an opportunity arises to pay off all her debts at once. An old, abandoned bicycle learns to love again. Two scientists raise 3 children contrarily to their genetic tendencies to prove the ultimate power of nurture over nature. Rhode Island State Trooper Charlie Baileygates has a multiple personality disorder. One personality is crazy and aggressive, while the other is more friendly and laid back. Both of these personalities fall in love with the same woman named Irene after Charlie loses his medication. When Zoe tires of looking for Mr. Right, she decides to have a baby on her own. But on the day she's artificially inseminated, she meets Stan, who seems to be just who she's been searching for all her life. Now, Zoe has to figure out how to make her two life's dreams fit with each other. In Davi's Way, legendary actor/singer Robert Davi is gives himself one year to recreate Frank Sinatra's fabled 'Main Event' concert in Madison Square Garden to celebrate the centenary of Sinatra's 100th birthday. This unpredictable, poignant and comedic documentary, a real life cross between Curb Your Enthusiasm and This Is Spinal Tap, features a side (and voice) of the action film heavy that will astound his legion of fans.  A peculiar neighbor offers hope to a recent widow who is struggling to raise a teenager who is unpredictable and, sometimes, violent. A funny story about the adventures of a two hairy friends familiar from the "Six Degrees of Celebration" series. Two foreign exchange high-school students are kidnapped during their quest to get laid on their last night in America. Miss Tanakpur is a political satire that unfolds in the backdrop of a Love-story set in a village of Haryana. In the villages of Haryana the Pradhans in general have insurmountable powers. The Pradhan of Tanakpur, Sualal Gandas is no different. Like his contemporaries, Sualal rules his village using powers vested upon him by Khap. Not just the traditional court but when time comes Sualal manages to manipulate and exploit the bigger powers of the state i.e. the Police and the Law of the land. Ms Tanakpur is Sualal's Buffalo. She had won the Beauty pageant for Buffaloes in the Local fair. She had won the trophy because she produced more milk than all other Buffaloes in the contest. Serendipity will strike in this story. Ms Tanakpur thy name is justice. Amateur 'chefs' from around the country compete for a million dollar prize in the ultimate food fight. The sale of a successful businessman's company brings moochers and relatives into his life. This anthology film explores three sudden acts of violence and examines the impact on the innocent bystanders caught in the crossfire: In Binghamton, New York, an ESL instructor faces domestic violence at home and even greater peril at school. Friends take a night out in Paris only to find themselves caught up in a horrifying situation. And two lovers at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando fight to survive a chaotic night of terror.  An African-German Author loses his memory and is used by a modern National Socialist Party as promotion-figure for more political power over Germany. Two guys serendipitously meet at a time when they both find themselves at personal crossroads and decide to embark on an unplanned road trip across the American Southwest. Mathai (Jayasurya) is an innocent auto driver who unnecessarily interferes into the problems of others with a good intention of solving them.[2] The story is happening on a harthal day, when Mathai came to meet his fiancee Bhama. The story revolves around a series of incidents when he tries to solve the problems between Dr. Nandakumar (Mukesh) and his wife Geeta (Lakshmi Gopalaswamy). A weekend in the country spins out of control when jealous wife Maureen (Heidi Armbruster) makes a reckless accusation about her husband Ian (Alan Smyth) and their old friend Ella (Katie Kreisler). Ella's husband Peter (Brian Dykstra) tries and fails to stop the domestic carnage in this fierce and funny story about the unexpected ease of betrayal and the fragility of marriage. In a working-class town in 1984, a high school senior's future creates a tug-of-war between his no-nonsense father and his crackpot guidance counselor until an encounter with a goddess helps him uncover his true destiny.  The events of the movie takes place around the film industry conflicts through a crime that takes place during the shooting of a movie. The crime uncovers the corruption and the illegal methods some producers use to fund their movies through the life of a a famous producer called Rasha Farid An ordinary and somewhat unpopular high school boy joins a surfing club in a nowhere near ocean Tochigi Prefecture, while being oblivious to the fact that him leading a peaceful, ordinary life equals world peace being preserved. What would you do if a relative recently released from prison would move to your house? And you accidentally killed him... Two teenage boys cycle 160 km on stolen bikes pursued by police to find a missing bale of cocaine worth 7 million euro. Set around the real event of Ireland's biggest cocaine seizure in 2007 of 440 million euro. Inspired by true events, this is a story about what happens when two outsiders from opposite corners of the world are thrown together: Brazil and Germany. Marten Brueckling, a retired music teacher from Germany, has inherited an original sheet of music from Bachs son. Marten has to collect the sheet in person in the beautiful Baroque city of Ouro Preto in the heart of Brazil. But Brazil is not for beginners: Funny circumstances drives hm to teach music to the kids of a juvenile detention center. Bachs music and Brazilian instruments mix perfectly. One of the kids is Fernando, a lovable, abandoned boy, who lived on the streets. But Marten discovers that they have more in common as he thought. When Alex is caught using magic to clean her room she is forced to go to wizard school with Justin. Max and Jerry camp out on the terrace to prove their manhood. Hana Ichii attends a school that she admired since she was a child. One day, she wakes up and finds herself locked in a cage with her classmates. They are forced to take part in a survival game using their cellphones. An abused 15 year old is charged with a murder that carries the death penalty in this fact-based story. A "captured" Japanese newsreel. Civilian defense shows an aircraft spotter painting spots on aircraft and a fire prevention HQ that already burned down. Kitchen Hints shows the construction of a sandwich from bread and meat ration cards. Poisonalities in the News shows Yamamoto walking on stilts and boasting of plans for the White House, contrasted with the room reserved for him: an electric chair. A submarine, launched 3 weeks ahead of schedule, is still being built. A plane's new landing gear is a little man on a tricycle. A minesweeper uses a giant broom. Angelino is just one of thousands of deadbeats living in Dark Meat City. But an otherwise unremarkable scooter accident caused by a beautiful, mysterious stranger is about to transform his life... into a waking nightmare! He starts seeing monstrous forms prowling around all over the city... Is Angelino losing his mind, or could an alien invasion really be happening this quietly...? Joaquin, a recently divorced airline pilot, meets Manolo and Juan Luis, who are also divorced. Together, they establish rules to support their life as new bachelors. Everything changes when they try to seduce their housekeeper. After losing her dream job at a fashion magazine -- and her boyfriend, Danielle heads home to Romania. With the help of her colorful family, she rediscovers herself and her love of fashion. Mizrap is a 40-year old man who is deemed "no good". He lives in a small town in the province of Antakya. His father throws him out as a bluff, while scolding him, after Mizrap loses his job. But Mizrap, stung by his father's words, calls him on his bluff and leaves his father, mother, sister and niece to go on a cross-country trip to stay with his old army buddy Salim, who lives in a village near Mersin. Across the hard way he meets a number of representatives of marginalized groups in Turkish society. An unromantic musical comedy about extinction. Paul a Quebec is quite simply about life, at its happiest and at its most challenging. Paul and his in-laws offer us a window onto the everyday life of the Beaulieu family, but we also witness the decline of his father-in-law, Roland. Paul a Quebec is a hymn to life that reminds us, among other things, of the beauty of those small moments when, in spite of the farewells, life shows us how important it is to savour every instant. An idealistic young priest is dedicated to his calling until he meets a woman at confession. After the meeting, he seeks guidance from his fellow priests. By some quirk of fate, the two small-time thieves and the spoiled princess find themselves in the Black Forest full of magic beings who believe that everyone has a chance to mend his ways. However, sometimes even the best intentions need to take a pretty long way round to be achieved... Funny fairy tale full of action, excitement, fun, magic but also love. John Smith is a mysterious stranger who is drawn into a vicious war between two Prohibition-era gangs. In a dangerous game, he switches allegiances from one to another, offering his services to the highest bidder. As the death toll mounts, Smith takes the law into his own hands in a deadly race to stay alive. Jigar, an independent, carefree, insurance agent falls in love with Shruti. Soon he realizes that love is not eternal but it comes with an expiry date. A young man, Marco, working as a butcher, accidentally kills a taxi driver. His girlfriend Paula wants to go to the police so he has to kill her too. He then has to kill his brother, his brother's fiancee and his father, who have become suspicious. He gets rid of the bodies by taking them to a slaughter house. Five warriors stumble upon an object in the sand which gifts them with the sound of music. All girls volley ball team The Falcons end up stranded in the middle of nowhere after their mini-van breaks down. Little do they know they landed in degenerate hunters' territory and the hunt is on. Thus begins a very long night where they must run for their lives and test their team spirit. But the girls are more resourceful than it appears. In the heart of the forest, the tables are about to turn between hunter and hunted... A story about the unique relationships between fathers and sons. With all the highs and lows and fascinating dynamics involved. Summer, 1910. Inspectors Machin and Malfoy investigate the mysterious disappearances of several tourists on the beautiful beaches of Slack Bay, where a strange community of fishermen lives. A sports fan loses everything for being addicted to his team and soccer. He then starts a quest to find a cure and recover his wife's love. A group of bright teenagers are recruited for a special college program for young geniuses only to find themselves socially awkward among their more normal peers. Babloo (Vinay), a con artist, works for Shankar Dada (Prabhu), a local goon, whose rival Soori ( Pradeep Rawat), is planning to kill Deepika, Shankar's sister (Sharmila) to avenge the murder of his son. Meanwhile, Deepika falls in love with Babloo but her doting brother has other plans for her. A comedy about the new alternative family and how different family situations and relationships come to a head during the premier family weekend. Tony, a thirteen-year-old boy on vacation in rural Germany, is fascinated by the idea of vampires. Meanwhile Rudolph, a vampire of "similar" age (313!), encounters trouble when his clan is threatened by a dangerously obsessed hunter. Fate brings these two boys together, as Tony & Rudolph set off an action-packed battle to stop the villain, save Rudolph's family and learn the power of friendship. Giovanna, Carla, Francesca, Chiara. What these women have in common so different from each other? Which will never be the not insignificant detail that makes their lives secretly imperfect? And what mystery female is so intimate and private, that more private you can not? Whatever it is, all they want. A food designer, her first love and one sciampista for dogs are the stars of this comedy merrily shameless telling women what no one had ever dared to tell. The drama about a woman that gets fired because of his pregnancy and deals with a difficult financial and familiar situation. John Carter is a war-weary, former military captain who's inexplicably transported to the mysterious and exotic planet of Barsoom (Mars) and reluctantly becomes embroiled in an epic conflict. It's a world on the brink of collapse, and Carter rediscovers his humanity when he realizes the survival of Barsoom and its people rests in his hands.  A rock band gets stuck on a haunted farm while visiting its lead singer's family. Two assassins-for-hire have an hour to kill (so to speak) before their next hit. To help pass the time, they entertain themselves by regaling horror stories to one another. With bizarre titles such as "Valkyrie's Bunker" "Assacre" and "Hog Hunters" - which hit-man's story will be deemed most disturbing when all is said and done? Newly endowed with special powers, Eliza Sherman lures her old nemeses to the Hollywood Hills under the guise of a birthday party for '80s heartthrob Richard Grieco. On a tiny exotic island, Tuesday, an outgoing parrot lives with his quirky animal friends in paradise. However, Tuesday can't stop dreaming about discovering the world. After a violent storm, Tuesday and his friends wake up to find a strange creature on the beach: Robinson Crusoe. Tuesday immediately views Crusoe as his ticket off the island to explore new lands. Likewise, Crusoe soon realizes that the key to surviving on the island is through the help of Tuesday and the other animals. It isn't always easy at first, as the animals don't speak "human." Slowly but surely, they all start living together in harmony, until one day, when their comfortable life is overturned by two savage cats, who wish to take control of the island. A battle ensues between the cats and the group of friends but Crusoe and the animals soon discover the true power of friendship up against all odds (even savage cats). Unlucky lawyer pretends to be a disabled to get a job in the top corporation, which decides to dispossess the Disabled club of its building. Now the lawyer needs to choose between career and a girl from the Disabled club A gay man and a lesbian woman pretend to be a couple in order to rent a room and end up helping each other through a series of misadventures. The strange little guy in the blue hood is well known to Krosmoz. His name is Joris and he's proposing to take you on a fantastic adventure. Our hero is leading a happy life in his magic shop in the city of Bonta. But one day, when he seeks out his idol, a Gobbowl superstar, everything changes for the worst as Julith, the vengeful witch, is back in town! 'The Weight of Chains 2' is a documentary film largely dealing with the effects of the Washington Consensus economic doctrine on the newly established former Yugoslav republics, but also with neoliberalism as an economic concept. Through interviews with Noam Chomsky, Oliver Stone and many others, the author, Serbian-Canadian Boris Malagurski, attempts to analyze why so many people in the Balkans are disappointed with the systems imposed after the fall of socialism and how capitalism could be improved. Looking at the examples of Ecuador and Iceland, the film tries to uncover alternatives to the prevailing orthodoxies of Western economic dictates and help developing nations find their own way to shape their economies and their countries. Melvin, a reluctant hero who is far from super, has been suppressing his telekinetic powers for years with booze, drugs, and women. In the process, he has failed at practically everything, most of all as a parent to his son. After a brush with death, Melvin decides to use his powers for good and clean up the streets of New Orleans with the help of his best friend/definitely-not-a-sidekick, Lucille. For a man who can do the impossible, it might be a fight even he can't win. Small-town trickster Pedro Malasartes has to face two great enemies: Prospero, who will do anything to impede such a lazy, cowardly person like Malasartes from dating his sister, Aurea; and Death incarnated, who wants to take a vacation after two thousand years collecting lives and intends on tricking Malasartes into assuming his tedious job. Rabbit and Rongo, two dumb but kind-hearted criminals, want to help a young girl get the medical treatment she needs. Inspired by true crimes around the world, they attempt to raise money through a series of dumb plans and hopeless schemes. A filmmaker introduces us to the subject of his documentary--the beautiful Jacqueline Dumont, a young Frenchwoman who claims to have uncovered a covert assassination conspiracy. While unsure of the eccentric Jacqueline's veracity, the filmmaker nonetheless enlists a couple of interns and heads to the holistic retreat in Argentina where she's hiding out, to explore her claims and film her story. Upon arrival, the filmmaker begins to doubt the worthwhileness of his venture, but finds reasons to hope that he might actually be capturing something big, something real, with his increasingly makeshift film. When Aaron, an ex-fighter, turns to music after years of being knocked around and left with permanent mental disabilities, he falls for Jana, an off-centered Bulgarian immigrant living in New York. While he recognizes that she is as crazy as he is, Jana does not share the same opinion. But her brother, Bobby, an up and coming wannabe fighter, decides to convince her she is that crazy in order to get Aaron in the ring against him. Ward and Bouchard must face an important car theft ring that turns out to be a lot more than they bargained for: one where the stolen cars will serve as bombs in a well planned terrorist attack. Alien seeds hitch a ride to earth in a space shuttle crew and begin to grow. When their numbers reach the Threshold amount they will be an unstoppable swarm. Two rednecks rob a wedding train. Three women use their newly formed sisterhood to fight against sexism, bad relationships and low self-esteem. Through embracing their wild adventures, they learn the secret to ultimate fulfillment. Polly's dreams of making it as an actor are shattered when her identical twin sister Amy lands the lead role in a huge TV show. Mistaken for her famous sister at every turn, Polly decides to use Amy's celebrity for her own advantage - free clothes, free booze, casual sex... with hilarious and disastrous consequences for them both.  Boris escapes from his Austrian bride to the North Caucasus, where he becomes a music teacher for local girl Nina. She tries to delay her wedding and Boris in order to help her kidnaps Nina according to the local custom. At last, Josephine has found her perfect non-smoker-cat-loving-amazing-cook-perfect-man-soulmate. They've been in love for two years and everything is peachy. Until she realizes she's... pregnant. Time for Josephine to transform her life, mature into a responsible adult, not become like her mother, get a job, hold on to her man, refrain from falling out with her friends, and tell her sister, who's been crashing at her place, that she's got to move out. A bunch of overwhelming challenges that Josephine will have to face in her own, special way. Seventeen-year-old Stella spends most of her time in the hospital as a cystic fibrosis patient. Her life is full of routines, boundaries and self-control -- all of which get put to the test when she meets Will, an impossibly charming teen who has the same illness. There's an instant flirtation, though restrictions dictate that they must maintain a safe distance between them. As their connection intensifies, so does the temptation to throw the rules out the window and embrace that attraction. Aboisterous gang of animals in various wacky aircraft compete in a race to see who can get to Ireland first. The winners unfortunately wind up in a haunted house when they get there.  When Aaron's girlfriend Brooke moves to California, he struggles having a long distance relationship. His friend Zach suggests they take an impromptu road trip to visit. Brooke is happy about the surprise but can't help but be jealous of the two's evident bromance. Following the exciting story of the world's oldest sharpshooters Chandro and Prakashi Tomar, the drama marks the directorial debut of acclaimed scriptwriter Tushar Hiranandani. The film stars Bhumi Pednekar and Taapsee Pannu. Seven friends on a weekend away, miles from anywhere. Just as the party's getting started, a serial killer shows up! This motion portrait of P.R. Miller is a journey into the mind of an eccentric, outcast scavenger, known around Akron, Ohio as "the junkyard artist." Hailing from a little place called Mars, he was raised on a scrap yard where they used to burn autos. According to Miller, Mars, PA had one of the highest rates of brain disorders in the country. Miller, himself, was once thought to have been retarded, but it turned out to be ADHD.  He has been inundated with toxicity his whole life, not unlike Mother Earth herself. Miller is convinced that the Earth will one day rid herself of the human vermin that is destroying her. When put on trial, P.R. Miller stood up for his right to make art on his own property.  All this "visual bubblegum" is a backdrop for Miller to rant and rave about how the American value system is based on the worship of money, and how the culture of consumerism and waste will lead to the final demise of humans. Muffy and her friends go on a scandalous adventure to the creepy house on the outskirts of town. The Edo period.  Once a famous swordsman, Kyutaro Madarame, aka "Madara the Devil," is now a masterless samurai.  When a white cat called Tamanojo appears before Kyutaro, the encounter changes him forever.  Starring Kazuki Kitamura.  This offbeat tale of samurai spirit and adorable animal antics returns to the screen on a breathtaking scale! New Luis Galvao Teles movie Bandleader (Romero) and manager (Ameche) discover skater (Henie) in Norway. They become rivals as she returns with them to America.  A man, Savari, does odd jobs in the town of Thrissur. However, an incident happens that changes his life forever. A rock star general bent on winning the "impossible" war in Afghanistan takes us inside the complex machinery of modern war. Inspired by the true story of General Stanley McChrystal. Private investigator Matthew Scudder is hired by a drug kingpin to find out who kidnapped and murdered his wife. Terrence McDonagh, a New Orleans Police sergeant, who starts out as a good cop, receiving a medal and a promotion to lieutenant for heroism during Hurricane Katrina. During his heroic act, McDonagh injures his back and later becomes addicted to prescription pain medication. McDonagh finds himself involved with a drug dealer who is suspected of murdering a family of African immigrants. Why is it we never actually see a ghost in the dozens of documentaries out there, yet people claim they see them daily. A non believer, and his film friends seek out to find the truth. A star of hunting videos strives to bond with his 12-year-old son on a wilderness trip but learns familial connections can't be forced. Assigned to recover sensitive stolen data, a gruff FBI agent goes undercover as a kindergarten teacher, but the school's liberal, politically correct environment is more than he bargained for. Andy and Maggie, a young Irish couple, travel to England as the result of an unplanned pregnancy, where Maggie will face the biggest decision of her life. Pettson and Findus find themselves snowed in their house. The little cat is scared that Christmas is ruined, but Pettson promises that they will celebrate "the best Christmas ever". Six stoner best friends discover a viral video of a local teen who disappeared years ago from an alleged haunted house in their neighbourhood. Searching for one last adventure before graduating high school, the teens decide to investigate this local urban legend, only to discover this night could be their worst, and possible last, experience of their lives. After the highs of winning the world championships, the Bellas find themselves split apart and discovering there aren't job prospects for making music with your mouth. But when they get the chance to reunite for an overseas USO tour, this group of awesome nerds will come together to make some music, and some questionable decisions, one last time. Filemon Mamon is a high school student who desires two things, to win the heart of the girl he loves and to be the lead in a musical play about his Philippine hero Andres Bonifacio. But, he has a big problem -- his weight. His out of work father and his OFW mother leave him to adhere to the guidance of his grandmother who loves to cook and who loves to remind him that "to be fat is to be healthy, and to be healthy is to be fat".  Is stardom only for the skinny? Through song and dance, Filemon discovers himself by overcoming the realities of life. He may not look the part, but Filemon learns about heroism in the most unexpected way. He becomes the hero not only to his family and friends, but also to himself. Armand, Julian and Paolo are good friends. All three experience financial difficulties so they are finding ways to get some money. They embark into writing the manuscript of a book similar to the books of a writer with the pseudonym Pangkoy Ong. However, the project fails because of an unforeseen problem. The next plan is to blackmail Pangkoy Ong. They are asking for a big amount of money in exchange for keeping his identity unknown to the public. The film narrates the adventures and misadventures of the three friends. The story of two lovers and their attempts to save their relationship in a near-future world on the brink of cosmic collapse. John, and world-famous ice skating star, Elena, are about to sign divorce papers when they realise that, in spite of everything happening around them, their love is worth fighting for. It's All About Love is a fresh take on modern love and future life as two lovers struggle in a conspiracy of epic proportions. Twenty five years old Kolya starts to work as a cemetery night guard after moving to Moscow from province. A story of love, greed - and moisturizer. Alexander, the King of Macedonia, leads his legions against the giant Persian Empire. After defeating the Persians, he leads his army across the then known world, venturing farther than any westerner had ever gone, all the way to India.   The life of Jorg Geissner, a German banker, totally transforms with a visit to Paladiki Island, Greece. A business trip to check on a project called "Galapagos in Greece" by the islanders and for which his bank extended a loan and credit, brought him there. Being a German, he wants to investigate thoroughly, but Panos, a mini-mart owner, and the mayor try their utmost to sabotage him--to camouflage a not-so-good reality. After every single trial resulted in nothing because of the islanders' secret meddling, Jorg's trip becomes elongated, like The Odyssey's, forcing him to contemplate the priorities and responsibilities in life again. The young Orthodox Jew, Motti Wolkenbruch, finds himself at a turning point. His beloved mother wants him to get married and presents one marriage candidate after the other. Unfortunately none of the woman pleases him, because they all look just like her. The situation gets even more complicated, when Motti secretly falls in love with the non-Jewish girl Laura, a so-called Shiksa. The life of the ordinary teenager Vania changes when he makes the acquaintance of three strange guys. Sportsmen, hooligans, dreamers - they call themselves "Rag Union" and believe that they can change the world. Enchanted by his new friendship, Vania puts them up at his dacha and tries to become part of their grand organization. But the neighbour girl Sasha has her own plans with this company. An ordinary mail delivery route turns deadly for two mail carriers who may have seen too much. When everyone starts getting killed and taken hostage, and THEN things get completely out-of-control when a series of double-crosses and conspiracies are revealed in this dark comedy. Father Peter fears that the universe has become indifferent. God no longer intervenes in earthly affairs. Peter's wife abandoned him, his son disobeys him and his mother suffers from Alzheimer's and hardly ever recognizes him. When Peter becomes an obstacle to a large property sale in his small island parish, a group of interesting, but vengeful villagers decides to force him to leave. Using very creative methods, they convince the entire superstitious village that Peter is the cause of all the troubles on their island. Soldier Robert Miller returns home from Afghanistan unable to fit back into society. Living on a violent council estate and finding work in undercover surveillance, he becomes obsessed with taking down a group of local gangsters who are intrinsically tied to a suspected terrorist cell. Taking the situation into his own hands, Robert embarks on a brutal quest for justice, with devastating consequences. A comedy about three woman working at a boring holiday resort and their criminal employer. Childhood friends, Nina and Hugo chose different paths in life. Years later, Hugo returns to his hometown unbeknownst to him, the day before Nina's wedding. Events on the wedding day throw them back together and they embark on a new adventure. Based on a true story. The name of the real ship, that sunk Feb 5 1941 - during WWII - was S/S Politician. Having left Liverpool two days earlier, heading for Jamaica, it sank outside Eriskay, The Outer Hebrides, Scotland, in bad weather, containing 250,000 bottles of whisky. The locals gathered as many bottles as they could, before the proper authorities arrived, and even today, bottles are found in the sand or in the sea every other year. Godzilla... Predator... Robby the Robot... The Gill Man... These are some of the most iconic characters in cinema, but many people still don't know about the incredible actors who bring these creatures to life! The life of a bank manager is turned upside down when a friend from his past manipulates him into faking his own death and taking off on an adventure. A boy whose father is killed by a gangster seeks revenge. An American businessman with a stake in a pharmaceutical company that's about to go public finds his life is thrown into turmoil by an incident in Mexico. Erick's life changed forever when he got into a taxi. The driver and two accomplices sexually assaulted him. The then 17-year-old never went to the police, never saw a doctor and never told his family or friends. After feeling broken for 10 years, he goes on a journey to reclaim his life - changing the world around him along the way. After Dexter is confronted with robots who wish to "destroy the one who saved the future," he uses his time machine to see how he saved it. They declare that they are here to destroy the one who saved the future, and make ready to attack Dexter. Dexter easily destroys them with the use of various tools and gadgets from his lab. However, news that he is "The One Who Saved the Future" intrigues him, and he decides to travel through time to discover how cool he is. In the first time period he visits, Dexter finds a tall, skinny, weak version of himself working in office-designing cubicles, with Mandark as his rich, successful boss. The child Dexter unwittingly reveals the existence of blueprints regarding the "Neurotomic Protocore", and Mandark steals it after the two Dexters move forward in time. Sontu and Pappu are hired to teach Moonmoon, the adopted daughter of two rich businessmen. Later, they try to outdo each other when they fall in love with her. Kajol (Sayantika Banerjee) became friends with Abhimanyu aka Abhi (Dev) after the later saves the former from some goons in Italy. But one day she asks Abhi to leave her and go as she cannot stand the separation from him if their relationship develops any further. To the average person, psychic abilities might seem a blessing; for Kusuo Saiki, however, this couldn't be further from the truth. Gifted with a wide assortment of supernatural abilities ranging from telepathy to x-ray vision, he finds this so-called blessing to be nothing but a curse. As all the inconveniences his powers cause constantly pile up, all Kusuo aims for is an ordinary, hassle-free life--a life where ignorance is bliss.  Unfortunately, the life of a psychic is far from quiet. Though Kusuo tries to stay out of the spotlight by keeping his powers a secret from his classmates, he ends up inadvertently attracting the attention of many odd characters, such as the empty-headed Riki Nendou and the delusional Shun Kaidou. Forced to deal with the craziness of the people around him, Kusuo comes to learn that the ordinary life he has been striving for is a lot more difficult to achieve than expected. Post-grad Sarah is going to have her first 'grown-up' party on one of the biggest party nights of the year, the night before Thanksgiving. Sarah soon finds out that growing up is not all she thinks it is as she finds out how much, and, how little, her friends have changed. Kogo, Japanese filmmaker, just spend a few days in Pantin. He flees his work. An improperly recorded address, weather tower Romainville, a symposium on the failure in art, a girl in blue, one in hat and so on, will have for its program. A group of kids obsessed with playing video games mistakenly uncovers a plot by someone in their school to control the world. Marco is married to a gorgeous woman, has a child and a great job. Everything seems perfect, at least until his wife of 25 years announces that he has another man and wants a separation. Marco is forced to leave home. The story of a platoon during the Korean War. One by one, Corporal Denno's superiors are killed until it comes to the point where he must try to take command responsibility. When a powerful developer named Mr. Scheck wants to knock down all the stores and houses in Arnold's neighborhood to build a huge "mall-plex", it looks likes the neighborhood is doomed to disappear. But with the help of a superhero and a mysterious deep-voiced stranger, Arnold and Gerald will need to recover a crucial document in order to save their beloved neighborhood. After two decades away, a devoted Cheesehead returns to the place of his youth to discover if Wisconsin is still as amazing as he remembered it to be, and to search out the deeper meaning of what it means to be a Cheesehead. When Eyal finishes the week of mourning for his late son, his wife urges him to return to their routine but instead he gets high with a young neighbor and sets out to discover that there are still things in his life worth living for. Yuri Pelagatti is a stage actor who is left jobless after a traumatic separation that resulted in his inability to remember his lines. Arturo Merlino is a shabby "investigator" who chases cats escaped from their homes. When Arturo and Yuri cross paths, Yuri is under the mistaken impression that Arturo is a consummate professional. He contracts Arturo to follow his ex-wife in order to find proof of her infidelity. But when he accidentally comes into the possession of a mysterious suitcase containing 1 million Euro, a series of hilarious troubles and daring adventures will result in an unpredictable finale... Three guys from differents countries (Peru, Argentina and Chile) come together in a funny adventure through the jungle in order to get to the Final of the FIFA World Cup Brasil 2014. It's been generations since the Harkers' great-great grandfather killed Count Dracula. Now the Harker brothers and their best friend Ned are a town joke - until a real vampire turns up. The Nameless Grad Student and his group must travel to an important academic conference and square off against a rival group as they compete for results and grant money. Meanwhile, Cecilia's advisor is going on sabbatical, which means she has to finish writing her thesis or be stuck in grad school another year. A loving husband, a mother-in-law who cares, an attractive house, a puppy and the project to have a child. Lena has everything to be happy. But at the end of one year, Lena is still not pregnant and takes refuge in the training of her dog. No.2, overlooked as a common tool, continues to lose dominance in a media saturated world. However, history tells a different story. It's 2014 and time travel exists. It's New Years Eve and the only thing that gets Laura and Simon through the day are their brief flirtations. When Simon leaves for a lad's weekend to the past Laura gets caught in decade spanning black market war to save the man she might love. When former comedian Mark McCarthy is faced with a rare form of cancer, he hires a young, impressionable cameraman to document his crude and comical lessons on what it means to be a man for his unborn son. Thirty years old, a nothing job, a timid love affair: Remi is a little at sea in his life. Until the day when he must share it with his double, another him, invasive and not so nice. Which one will be the true Remi? When Chihaya Ayase was in the 6th grade of elementary school, she met Arata Wataya. Arata Wataya transferred from Fukui Prefecture. Taichi Mashima was Chihaya Ayase's friend since they were little. Arata got close to Chihaya and Taichi from the card game karuta.  Four years later, Chihaya is a high school student. Chihaya learns that Arata, who went back to Fukui Prefecture, doesn't play karuta  anymore. Believing they will meet Arata again, Chihaya and Taichi starts a karuta club at their high school. When a quick-witted yet co-dependent college girl helps her best friend land a boyfriend, she's left on the outside looking in and is forced to deal with the realities of adulthood for the first time. A collage consisting of fragments of a 1981 movie shot on three-quarter-inch videotape, mixed with the following (all shot in 2015): documentary interviews about the history of the old movie; a fictional story about a young director who begins a film, abandons it, then returns to it decades later; and a set of wild improvisations in which various interpretations of how the old, unfinished film was meant to be completed are portrayed. Barry the zombie is in search for brains, but he's lazy and decides to crash at the first house he visits instead.Wild hi-jinx ensue. A boy named Eli with a rare autoimmune disorder is confined to a special experimental clinic for his treatment. He soon begins experiencing supernatural forces, turning the supposedly safe facility into a haunted prison for him and his fellow patients. In 1969, 400 poorly paid Black women - hospital workers in Charleston, South Carolina - went on strike to demand union recognition and a wage increase, only to find themselves in confrontation with the National Guard and the state government.  Comedy fuses with science fiction in this quirky film about the chaos that ensues when an "elk" (in fact, a tall individual who wears a coat, does not speak, and has an elk's head and antlers) emerges from the forest near a small town. Accepted by a family who interacts with him as if nothing is unusual, they initially shelter their guest from their neighbors. But not for long! Hakan and Ozan are brothers who can't get along well. They meet again in their father's funeral. Even though they want to get back to their daily lives, their father's will won't allow it. There's a crisis in the Chinese Spirit World -- humans don't believe in gods anymore! A Door God, facing unemployment, ventures into the human world to prove his worth, leading to unexpected encounters and transformations for humans and spirits alike.  Last week Freddie Mercury would have celebrated his 60th birthday.  To mark the occasion, celebrity fans Robbie Williams, McFly and Mike Myers talk about what they think made him so special. Photographs, home video footage and rarely heard interviews with the man himself are featured and some of Freddie's  close friends and family reveal the man behind the magic. A would be private eye gets mixed up in a smuggling case. Emma is an attractive girl in her 20s who has been blind for 20 years. A new type of eye operation partially restores her sight, but she is having problems: sometimes she doesn't "remember" what she's seen until later. One night she is awakened by a commotion upstairs. Peering out of her door, she sees a shadowy figure descending the stairs. Convinced that her neighbour has been murdered she approaches the police, only to find that she is unsure if it was just her new eyes playing tricks on her. When star high school quarterback AJ Montoya breaks his hand his only hope is to team up with his longtime rivals, the cross country team--a group of nerds and misfits with potential for high school glory. Alain, a successful Parisian publisher struggling to adapt to the digital revolution, has major doubts about the new manuscript of Leonard, one of his long-time authors - another work of auto-fiction recycling his love affair with a minor celebrity. Selena, Alain's wife, a famous stage actress, is of the opposite opinion. A lift begins displaying some erratic behavior, like trapping some party goers and nearly suffocating them, and decapitating a security guard. Felix, the technician from the lift company, can't find anything wrong with the circuitry. When he and a nosy reporter begin asking questions of the lift company's electronics partner (Rising Sun Electronics) his boss puts him on a leave of absence. A subsequent visit to a professor leads them to believe that some evil experiments are being conducted. Rhonda and Kim Hamilton are two highly successful cousins with vastly different philosophies on dating. One is sexually liberated (A "Hoe" according to Kim) and the other is getting over the break-up of a long term relationship and dealing work issues (Not getting "Enough" according to Rhonda). Set in Atlanta these two young attractive single ladies take you on a whirlwind ride of One Night Stands, Tickle Tests, Bedroom "Whirlwind" Technique, Vanilla Allergies, Strippers, DL Suspects and tons of hilarious laughs. Absolutely terrible When a rich Indian international student falls for a working class Australian girl, who is crazily in love with him. How will he handle the cultural differences and succeed in his love, against his parents' plans for his future? A kid tries splitting his boring parents to join the group of his schoolmates who are all children of divorced mums and dads Four grandmothers accidentally kill a conman and, to cover it up, they get rid of the body. When the conman's partner shows up, things go south. A woman encounters a strange presence in a guest house. When three teenage boys set out to make a documentary about a supposed ghost sighting, they end up stumbling upon a dead body, and must race against the clock to clear their names of the murder. Self-proclaimed Godman Guru G uses his spiritual influence to amass wealth by coning his blinded-by-faith followers. But, a bunch of youngsters outsmart him and how! A jobless young man, with equally unsuccessful friends, runs for a local office. In 1957 the Soviet Union decides to give Hungary the chance to choose the world's first cosmonaut, who can be the very first person in space. It seems like the best candidate is Lajko, the gypsy spraying pilot. An aging Latin lover gets dumped by his sugar mama and must fend for himself in a harsh world. A comedic mockumentary that follows a group of strangers, who decide to give up their modern lives to live in a medieval village. Sci-fi blockbusters beware as this wickedly funny satire parodies some of Hollywood's biggest thrillers, including THE X-FILES, MEN IN BLACK, SLITHER, and A FIRE IN THE SKY. A mysterious ball of fire falls from the sky and crashes in the woods outside a vacation cottage occupied by four college friends. Unbeknownst to them they just witnessed what could be the end of all mankind.  Your best friends are also the friends who'll make you do the stupidest things. After parting hardcore, Roxi, Yasmine and Ana meet in a bet that will change their lives: Who gets married first in three days? A young man tries to self-justify that he's a good person, only to spiral into primitive urges, leaving his mark all over Chicago. Five best friends from college reunite 10 years later for a wild bachelorette weekend in Miami. Their hard partying takes a hilariously dark turn when they accidentally kill a male stripper. Amidst the craziness of trying to cover it up, they're ultimately brought closer together when it matters most. A washed up actor who played Mindhorn, a secret agent with a bionic eye, returns to the Isle of Man, the area where his most famous role was set, to help catch a killer. A story about a couple whose problems start when she takes a job as a teacher in order to financially support his education. A lawyer tries to clear his wife's lover of murder charges. Asyikin is a typical village girl who is the daughter of a strict village chief. Meanwhile, Che Awang and Awie are two troublesome village boys who like to cause commotion in the village as well as bother the village`s young ladies. One day, Awie tries to sneak into the village chief`s house to steal some cash, but ends up falling from the rooftop, right in front of Asyikin. Thus begin their love story. A Turkish taxi driver tells stories which are almost unbelievable. Three Swedish actresses work as waitresses in Oslo one summer. They use all their wits to get as much tips as possible. They plan to start a company and buy a house. They come to be our guides in the film and reveal a world of people doing things they don't want to do, playing roles they don't know why they're playing. An isolated Cypriot village goes into tragicomic overload when a flying object crash-lands in a potato field inside the adjacent UN-controlled buffer zone. A young farmer unwisely digs it out setting off a chain of incredible events. A gang of four drug dealers hides out in an apartment, and four youngsters, who are in need of cash, plot to loot their money. A suspended cop, who resides in the same apartment, hears their plan and decides to get the money for himself. Ichiro Kataki, a violent Yakuza gang member travels to Melbourne, Australia after his beloved sister Yuko is brutally murdered by a group of criminals. Hell bent on vengeance he teams up with Cassidy Arizona, a lady of the night with a vendetta of her own. Jilebi is the down-to-earth story about a sour-sweet confrontation between a village youngster Sreekuttan and his city-bred nephewsSreekuttan, is a village guy whose life is happily confined to his farm and his pet crops. Far away, in the Dubai city , trouble brews for him in the form of his nephew and niece. With their university graduation nearing, a group of young students grapple with the inevitable fact that they must now become young "adults". A-Gu enlists a group of contract killers in the disguise of laundry service. One of them, code-named "No.1 Qingtian Street", is haunted by the ghosts of his victims. He seeks help from Lin Hsiang, a psychic. After successfully won the Tokyo qualifying tournament, Chihaya and her friends are set to go on to the nationals. As they prepare, Chihaya is faced with new personal issues as her childhood friend and inspiration, Arata, has announced that he has quit competitive karuta. Not only that, but a new rival emerges in the reigning female champion karuta player, Shinobu Wakamiya, a karuta prodigy who became the nation's and the world's greatest female karuta player as a 9th grader. All of this forces Chihaya to reexamine her love of the game in the midst of preparing for one of the biggest tournaments of the year. An epic anthology feature film event combining 25 shorts from different queer directors worldwide, each telling a story based on a color/fetish of the infamous hanky code. A Marine officer reported as killed in Vietnam but was actually a POW returns home. Instead of being welcomed home, however, he discovers that his father has died, his wife has remarried, his daughter has been adopted, his business has been sold and his life has completely changed. Bangladeshi not only come to Malaysia as a worker, they also come as a werewolf too. How can Malaysian defeat them? In a last ditch effort to save his marriage, Ernie Mills decides to test a love drug on two unsuspecting real estate agents before ultimately giving it to his unsuspecting wife. Madness, murder and hijinks ensue. Agents from diverse Spanish local police forces are called to form a special team. Elango and his astrologer friend Pulivetti Arumugam come in possession of a time machine and start profiting from it. However, their meddling with time prevents the death of a gangster, who begins to wreck havoc in their lives. After years of separation, Irina and her minister brother, Paul, reunite in New Orleans in this erotic tale of the supernatural. When zoologists capture a wild panther, Irina is drawn to the cat -- and the zoo curator is drawn to her. Soon, Irina's brother will have to reveal the family secret: that when sexually aroused, they turn into predatory jungle cats. In the winter of 2117, a runaway vehicle crashes into the Public Safety Bureau Building. The driver is identified as Izumi Yasaka, a psychological counselor at the Sanctuary, a Latent Criminal Isolation Facility in Aomori Prefecture. But right before her interrogation, Enforcer Mika Shimotsuki and Inspector Nobuchika Ginoza are tasked with promptly escorting Yasaka back to Aomori. What awaits them there is a False Paradise. Scarlett, a neglected, agoraphobic girl who has lived alone since she was a child, suddenly finds herself pregnant. When she has no recollection of how this happened, she tailspins into a complete mental breakdown. Four teenagers decide to spend their summer holiday on a camping at the beach. Officially to disseminate ashes of a grandfather, but foremost to finally get laid. The King of Navarre and his three companions swear a very public oath to study together and to renounce women for three years. Their honour is immediately put to the test by the arrival of the Princess of France and her three lovely companions. It's love at first sight for all concerned followed by the men's hopeless efforts to disguise their feelings. A sublime comedy of biting humor and unusual schemes that paints a satirical portrait of millennials and hipsters who think they're benefitting their community. But good intentions do not always have good consequences. NATHA and ZIYAD are happily married for five long years. Their marriage is simply perfect and...  Annie, who lives a life of make-believe, meets Billa, an ambitious and quick-witted rickshaw driver, and an unforgettable journey begins.  A rube named Pepa (Leos Noha) robs cottages for cash and spends his free time swilling rum at fourth-rate establishments. The discovery of a strange video recording points him to a place where he'll find a treasure of immense value. The mysterious place in northern Bohemia, however, awakens avarice far and wide and, seemingly, it's got a plan for all those who turn up. A man's attempt at a romantic marriage proposal on an isolated biking trail doesn't work out as planned. Things only get worse as the zombie apocalypse starts. Zoe, age 10, is obsessed with making horror films. A deadline for a big horror contest is coming up, and Zoe is determined to win. But when her father, concerned about her increasingly gory activities, orders her to stop making horror films and shoot her sister's wedding week instead, Zoe has no other choice... To win the contest of her dreams, she will have to turn her sister's wedding into a horror film. Polish your balls and head to the lanes. Rabbit has escaped the Evil Bong's World of Weed, and has opened a topless bowling alley. It's the Grand Opening and the balls are rolling, the boobs are bouncing and the weed is plentiful. When his old friends, Larnell and Sarah Leigh stop by to help him celebrate his wacky new business venture, things are finally looking up for Rabbit, right? Wrong! Evil Bong is hot on Rabbit's trail. With the help of the murderous Gingerdead Man, they crash the most balls out party of the century. But Gingerdead Man has plans of his own when he learns that the secret to becoming a real man is getting his cookies off. A high school student must hide the fact that he has become pregnant from his family, friends and the school faculty! Beijing, the present day. Popular TV personality Da Peng (Da Peng) is invited by gangster businessman Wang Hai (Liang Chao) to make a film in which he will invest. Wang insists that Da Peng's co-star is TV drama actress Du Xiaoxiao (Yuan Shanshan). However, after a nightclub scandal involving Da Peng goes viral, he's blackballed by a powerful internet executive (Charles Zhang) and finds himself unable to attract any male co-star. Wang also wants his investment back. Da Peng decides to make his own movie on the cheap, using a script he has about an alien, A Li, who arrives on Earth and has various adventures as a superhero. A Documentary crew follows Thumbwrestling's biggest event in what might be it's final year. 5 years after the villainous Mr. Venom defeated Papa Brussel by thumb submission, it is now Papa Brussel's sons who must fight through the ranks of some of the best thumb wrestlers in the world for their chance at dethroning the champ, revitalizing the sport, and restoring the Brussel legacy. The King of the Belgians is on a state visit in Istanbul when his country falls apart. He must return home at once to save his kingdom. But a solar storm causes airspace and communications to shut down. No planes. No phones. With the help of a British filmmaker and a troupe of Bulgarian folk singers, the King and his entourage manage to escape over the border. Incognito. Thus begins an odyssey across the Balkans during which the King discovers the real world - and himself. In a high stakes world where a single broken feather can mean a shattered dream, CHICKEN PEOPLE follows the trials and tribulations of those who breed exotic birds in the world of competitive poultry. In the tradition of SPELLBOUND-with a little of GATES OF HEAVEN thrown in for good measure-comes a feature documentary about three remarkably rich and diverse personalities who come together to compete in their shared passion to raise the perfect chicken. The film will follow the struggles and triumphs of these characters, along with a wide array of competitors-both human and chicken-from the Ohio National Poultry Show, considered the Westminster of Chickens, to the Dixie Classic in Tennessee. A young woman begins to live life to the fullest when she receives a diagnosis of cancer. A childhood incident has convinced Faith Corvatch that her true love is a guy named "Damon Bradley," but she has yet to meet him. Preparing to settle down and marry a foot doctor, Faith impulsively flies to Venice when it seems that she may be able to finally encounter the man of her dreams. Instead, she meets the charming Peter Wright. But can they fall in love if she still believes that she is intended to be with someone else? Comedy by Oxide Pang. A story of Hong Kong told by three generations of real people: 'preschooled' children, 'preoccupied' young people, and 'preposterous' senior citizens. Tobias and Flasche are childhood friends. However, their alcoholic friendship is doing more harm than good to Tobias, who realizes he should focus on his family and career. Everything changes when Tobias tells this to Flasche. A self-centered hypochondriac returns to his quaint hometown to visit his five childhood doctors in a single day, avoiding everyone from his past except his hapless former best friend whom he ropes into driving him around. A talking monkey seeks to gain fame and fortune as a movie star, but instead finds what's most important, a family. After security expert Ray Breslin is hired to rescue the kidnapped daughter of a Hong Kong tech mogul from a formidable Latvian prison, Breslin's girlfriend is also captured. Now he and his team must pull off a deadly rescue mission to confront their sadistic foe and save the hostages before time runs out. Two feuding brothers (one a policeman, the other a martial arts expert) of different political views, join forces to avenge the death of their father, a retired agent, killed by the mafia. Ikumi Sakurai is a first year high school student who begins to investigate her dead mothers past. Valentina  seems to have the perfect life in New York, with a perfect job and a perfect boyfriend, Jason Tate--far, far away from her scandalous political family in Mexico. When Jason proposes to her and wants to go to home to meet the family she has been keeping a secret, her two worlds clash. Adding to the hilarious chaos, her family brings her ex, Angel, into the picture and convinces Valentina to go along with a sham marriage to him in an effort to stop further negative press as her father runs for re-election. In the end, Valentina must choose where her heart belongs. Crazed members of a sadistic family return to their childhood home to terrorize the new owners. Surya is an easygoing laidback guy who constantly switches jobs. One day, he accepts a job from his former employer at a security agency, who offers him RM3,000 for a 2-day and 1-night job as security guard at a soon-to-be shut down shopping complex building. Maniam, the former Head of Security, gives Surya a tour in the building and tells him that the most suspicious and dangerous place he should avoid is the sixth floor, which is currently rented by a religious yoga group led by `Swamiji` (priest). They are up to no good as they plan to summon and trap spirits in dead bodies so that they can control them. When the door to the spirit world is opened, dozens are possessed and turned into flesh eating Zombies. The only way to stop the Zombies is to get the Black Magic Book located on the sixth floor. Zhang Jian-He, a reserved and rather introverted cartoonist, is dating a beautiful and conservative girlfriend, YaShi. One day, in an unfortunate dispute with his best buddy Chen-Jun, is accidentally killed by Zhang Jian-He.  To cover up his dead, Jian-He cleaned the bloodstains and any entailing evidence of the crime scene, and found a unique and creative way to dispose of Chen-Jun's body. Soon Jian-He discovered a shocking truth: Chen-Jun was sleeping with YaShi all the time. Zhang Jian-He felt the utmost pain for being cheated by his best friend, and the girl he love is just a slut.  The story soon brought out traces of a serial killer Jia-Ming, who murdered his own father when he was a minor. Disguished as a policeman, Jia-Ming return to his killing spree soon after his released from the prison, and through an online instant messenger, Jia-Ming get to know Zhang Jian-He... In Marseilles (France), skilled pizza delivery boy Daniel who drives a scooter finally has his dreams come true. He gets a taxi license. Caught by the police for a huge speed infraction, he will help Emilien, a loser inspector who can't drive, on the track of German bank robbers, so he doesn't lose his license and his dream job. Ines turns down a marriage proposal in order to focus on her career. A young man with Down's Syndrome tricks his sister into a road trip to go to a concert, while being pursued by their mum. With no phones, no money and no plan, can they make it? Crossword about seven interconnected stories of love, friendship, affection, guns, Balkan, stupidity and people caught in the moment. On the making of Studio Trigger's "Little Witch Academia: The Enchanted Parade" (2015). Invisible to his hometown, but "God-King" of his nerd sanctuary, Griffin Kooperman's life achievement is his store, Kooperman Comics. Wallowing in geek trivia and trouncing the oddball regulars at their favorite game, JARB, Kooperman Comics has allowed Griffin to squeak by while avoiding his fears of the world. But when a bully from his past becomes the new landlord of the shop, Kooperman must snap out of his fantasy world in order to save his reality. Shot on beautiful Prince Edward Island, Kooperman is a smart, character-driven comedy bro-mance that blends rich visuals with a driving laugh-out-loud plot-line, while commenting on society's obsession with superheroes in an age of apathy. Adrian, an irrepressibly chirpy tech nerd, has OCD. Grace, a beautiful street artist, has multiple personality disorder. It's a love story that seems impossible. But what if it works?  he 2005 collaboration between adventure film makers Alastair Lee and David Halsted has become one of the most significant British climbing films in years. The film charts the routes of arguably the worlds greatest traditional climber; Dave Birkett. 'Set in Stone' charts Dave's remarkable passion for climbing and the pursuit for a magical line on his beloved Lakeland crags. Featuring the first ascent of 'Return of the King' E9 6c, Dave's latest addition to Scafell's East Buttress - just one of many Lakeland masterpieces including the extraordinary "Nowt Burra Flee'in Thing" (E8 6c) - Cam Crag, Wasdale Screes; a stunningly evocative line. All filmed using innovative techniques, including 'The Brief History of Birkett ' animation which covers the 70 year Birkett family legacy. A group of young men try to interpret their friends art, so they can save face and show support. Dedicated to everything snowboarding, Travis Rice and a dream team crew set out on a seek-and-destroy operation for the new zone, the new trick and the new perspective on the sport. Aspiring to bring you closer, the Hi Def, 35mm, super16 footage answers the question why Trice and his friends have poured blood, sweat, tears and soul into a simple thing like snowboarding. A fame-hungry businessman stages a fake movie to propose to his girlfriend but the plan goes awry when she becomes convinced the movie will be a multi-million dollar success. A trio of accidental outlaws travel the length of New Zealand, protesting conformity and chasing lost love, with a posse of cops and a media frenzy in pursuit. Residents in a town have a hard time due to the land tax and forced labor. 9 people, including Juzaburo Kokutaya (Sadao Abe), worry about the future of their town. They then set up a plan to save the town. The plan is to lend large amounts of money to han (historical term for the estate of a warrior) and distribute the interest annually to the residents, but if they're caught they will lose their lives. A 40-year old actress (single and strong, yet lonely), her sister (an emotionally unstable schoolteacher whose married-with-kids life appears more orderly) and their domineering father, who gradually loses control over his family due to his wife's sudden illness and his own health troubles; these are the three individuals at the heart of this film, a touching story about the strength of family ties in a situation of imminent danger. To avoid the bankruptcy of his company, Humberto hatches along with an employee a heist at a bank that could give him at best four years in prison. Lukewarm wedding acquires a new meaning when the father of the groom rekindles his long-time love for the mother of the bride. There are almost a hundred years that The Sleeping Beauty is asleep No prince charming responsible for waking found favor in his eyes or, if it does not wake up, the world of fairies disappear. A young American writer completes his service in WWI and travels across Europe with his wife and her attractive Italian girlfriend. Based on the novel by Ernest Hemingway. After a hapless fisherman is tricked out of his skin, he teams up with a mermaid to seek revenge on his malefactors. A mysterious and immortal Tibetan kung fu master, who has spent the last 60 years traveling around the world protecting the ancient Scroll of the Ultimate, mentors a selfish street kid in the ancient intricacies of kung fu. When a hapless, unfunny, wanna-be comedian picks up a mysterious hitchhiker on his way to Vegas to audition for the Monte Guy show, he unwittingly becomes trapped in a desert-town killing spree that also has a very unexpected consequence - it improves his comedy. A fast-paced rhythmic impression of dancers, musicians and sportsmen at a highlands event. Frederick Schopner, a young management consultant, has been invited to participate in a special kind of team-building event. He and his colleagues will be chased across an outdoor obstacle course while being assessed on leadership qualities and their capacity for teamwork via video surveillance. Special highlight: the company has hired two over-the-hill actors to kidnap the consultants with unloaded weapons, keep them hostage, and to demand a high ransom from the company. A realistic role play with fun factor! But things don't go according to plan: the actors find the make-believe scenario so convincing that they decide to put the plan into action for real, using real weapons. Meanwhile, Human Resources manager Vanessa is observing what's happening via video surveillance and has to find a way to keep the hostage situation from escalating... Online Binline is a 2015 Marathi language film that was directed by Kedar Prabhakar Gaekwad. The film had its theatrical release on 3 July 2015. It stars Siddharth Chandekar, Rutuja Shinde and Hemant Dhome in lead The budget for the program to colonize Mars was so drastically cut back that settlements never appeared on the faraway planet. Now the only reminder of the ambitious plan is an abandoned base inhabited by a very lonely robot. The silence and tranquility of the red planet is eventually disturbed, however, by a privately-funded Czech crew, whose members have taken on the mission for very different reasons... The romantic comedy "Tuhao 520" or "Love Without Distance" is the newest film title that centers on the lives of China's billionaires.  The film attempts to dissect before the audience via creatively crafted scenes the meaning of "tuhao," which is a famous Chinese expression describing rich people who lack some grace and elegance. A depressed man moves back in with his parents following a recent heartbreak and finds himself with two women. 'TAKIN' PLACE' is an observational documentary film directed by Cyrus Dowlatshahi about ordinary people and everyday life on the South Side of Chicago. As they work, chill, hustle and survive, Dowlatshahi feels the common aspects of all neighborhoods and communities around the world: a desire to share, grow and celebrate. Kenny is an ice cream vendor in Chicago with a crisp white uniform and an apathetic heart. When he encounters Lolita, a sharp-tongued but despondent insurance actuary, their heated conversation, natural spark and mutual hopelessness lead to an unusual proposal for a meet-cute: to travel to San Francisco, where they will jump off the Golden Gate Bridge together. After a zoo-keeper discovers that animals can speak, powerful businessmen will try to steal them from the zoo. After living peacefully in the caverns of a small town, a stranded group of aliens turn deadly as they fight for their existence, betraying the compassionate chief of police who has protected them for 28 years. Final feature film by portuguese director Jose Fonseca e Costa.   Three buddies meet a pair of girls on the Internet and soon find themselves the wrong men accused in a vigilante sting-operation. Koko The Clown continually interrupts an animator, who turns his attention to trapping the clown. Lola Bunny invents a perfume with the adverse effect of turning people invisible, sending her and cab driver Bugs Bunny on the run from the FBI, while another shady group seeks the formula. A history of the Australia comedy troupe The Janoskians leading up to their live performance at Wembley Stadium. An ambitious event promoter tries to launch a new national championship based around video gaming. Inviting the five top gamers from around the country, the road to seat league is paved with bizarre characters and amusing detours. For an important case, a policeman needs the help of his former best friend to impersonate the daughter of a foreign dignitary in a beauty pageant.  The King's Speech tells the story of the man who became King George VI, the father of Queen Elizabeth II. After his brother abdicates, George ('Bertie') reluctantly assumes the throne. Plagued by a dreaded stutter and considered unfit to be king, Bertie engages the help of an unorthodox speech therapist named Lionel Logue. Through a set of unexpected techniques, and as a result of an unlikely friendship, Bertie is able to find his voice and boldly lead the country into war. Still reeling from a heartbreaking family event and his parents' subsequent divorce, Tyler Hawkins discovers a fresh lease on life when he meets Ally Craig, a gregarious beauty who witnessed her mother's death. But as the couple draws closer, the fallout from their separate tragedies jeopardizes their love. WATERBOYS tells the funny and moving story of crime novelist Victor and his cello-playing son Zack. When they get thrown out by their women on the same day, the two men have to sort out themselves and their relationship during a turbulent trip to Scotland where Victor's latest book has to be promoted. A film about a father who needs to grow up and his son who should take life less seriously. A mentally-disturbed aspiring actor returning to New York City discovers the world of social media and faces the horrifying power of the Internet. Boog, a domesticated 900lb. Grizzly bear finds himself stranded in the woods 3 days before Open Season. Forced to rely on Elliot, a fast-talking mule deer, the two form an unlikely friendship and must quickly rally other forest animals if they are to form a rag-tag army against the hunters. In his 5th stand-up special, Paavam (Innocent) comedian Kenny Sebastian talks about moving cities, his parents and why he is a former nice guy. Angrej is a 2015 Indian Punjabi-language film directed by Simerjit Singh. Written by Amberdeep Singh, the film stars Amrinder Gill, Sargun Mehta, Aditi Sharma in lead roles. Set against the backdrop of the declining British Raj, it tells the love story of a young man from the province of Punjab. Ammy Virk and Binnu Dhillon play supporting roles in the film.  A tangled love story spawns lighthearted comedy in rural India circa 1945. Unadventurous office worker Hannah and her childhood friend Trixie's world is turned upside down when the ghost of her late sister appears; guiding them on a road trip to scatter her ashes at a destination she once sought but never found. What starts off as a simple journey turns into an unpredictable adventure and the two friends must overcome their sheltered existence and find out who they really are and what they are truly capable of. Detective Dick is a 1940's private investigator who is frozen by a mysterious stranger for sixty-nine years. He defrosts in the modern world where he has to solve the case that put him on ice. Chan is Peng Tianshi, who becomes the "Card Tyrant" in response to the gambling world dominance of the Sha family. But Peng also has a Sha family member blinded in retaliation for an earlier loss, leaving the Sha family with a debt of vengeance that needs to be repaid! Sha Tong (Zong Hua) sets in motion an elaborate plan to make turn the rich and affluent Peng into a penniless former king of the gambling world! But can the "Card Tyrant" be bested? Chul-soo is a man with an intellectual disability.  One day, Chul-soo finds out that a young girl, Saet-byul, who is in hospital is his daughter.  And soon, Saet-byul sneaks out of the hospital and travels by herself to a faraway city for her friend's birthday.  As Chul-soo accompanies Saet-byul's journey, friendship develops between the two. A struggling writer can't seem to escape his wife's literary success. When a road trip to a publisher's salon takes an unexpected turn, he has to face his own creative shortcomings and find a way to regain control of his life and work.  Six friends go to party for a week during the "Sneekweek". But they are haunted by a secret from their past. Wendy and Sean meet on an airplane en route to New York. In a matter of days, they decide to get married.  The campers were warned that the woods were dangerous, but they were all too busy hooking up, drinking beer and eating cheese to get the message. A talented fighter must save his beloved gym by training a gentle giant for a bare-knuckle fight. Mahesh, a studio photographer and owner of the studio. As the story moves on, Mahesh encounters an anonymous fight ending up with taking revenge that leads to certain realizations in his life. 'Hey, Mr Producer!' features selected scenes from the productions of the world's most successful musical producer, Cameron Mackintosh - classic songs from classic musicals performed by the ultimate cast. Eleven comedic vignettes featuring conversations - some important, some less so - held in restaurants over coffee and cigarettes (how quickly time flies - cigarettes are banned in Russia's restaurants now). The conversations are candid, and even veer into the territory of murder. In the final credits, the director apologizes to Jim Jarmusch, whose work (in the anthology Coffee and Cigarettes, which Jarmusch shot in pieces over many years) Oldenburg-Svintsov is clearly indebted to. Sex, Coffee, Cigarettes's kinship with Jarmusch's film extends to the fact that superstars play tiny roles in almost all of the vignettes. Call Center Girl is a 2013 Filipino family comedy drama film directed by Don Cuaresma, starring Pokwang, Enchong Dee, and Jessy Mendiola. Guddu Ki Gun is the tale of Govardhan aka Guddu (Kunal Kemmu), a Bihari settled in Kolkata. He is a door-to-door washing powder salesman, whose sales pitch is "Ek washing powder ke saath Guddu free". While sharing a room with his close friend Ladoo (Sumeet Vyas), Guddu leads an amorous lifestyle in Kolkata. His travails begins when he ditches one of his girlfriends, Bholi (Aparna Sharma). Furious for forsaking his granddaughter, Bholi's grandfather casts a black magic spell on him. The only way Guddu can get rid of the curse is to find true love and by staying faithful to her. Jack Chester, an overworked air traffic controller, takes his family on vacation to the beach. Things immediately start to go wrong for the Chesters, and steadily get worse. Jack ends up in a feud with a local yachtsman, and has to race him to regain his pride and family's respect. A coming-to-America love story about an Italian actor from Rome who finds himself stranded in New York City, and through a series of misadventures is romantically pursued by several beautiful women, and learns the meaning of true love. Young student Nikita suddenly gets into the past where he meets his own young parents, new friends and even a true love. Single and underemployed, John pledges to get his act together before he turns 30. When he meets the elegant young professional Vanessa, he thinks he's found the woman to elevate him. Latif Selamsiz is an ordinary man who is in his later 30s. He's dating the same girl, working in the same job ever since he could remember and also he's still living with his mother. One day he decide to brake up with his girlfiend Reyhan. But instead, he found himself proposing to her. When the wedding day arrives, his inner voice speaks and everything changes forever. While Latif is running off from his own wedding, he hit a man with his car and he joins Latif on his journey. This man is Mansur, Latif's inner voice. Latif and Mansur get involved in a fight on their way, and they met Selin during the incident. Selin's car is stolen and her turtle is in the trunk of her car. If she couldn't find her car on time, the turtle will be dead. Latif starts his journey by running off all by himself but as he moves along, he will find his true self, face his inner voice and achieve true happiness with Selin and Mansur on his side. The story of Jose Abelardo Barbosa, narrated from the time of his youth, when he was at medical school, and dropped everything to become a radio announcer. After that, we follow the transformation of his life and the creation of his alter ego, Chacrinha. When recently widowed, it is difficult to get used to a new life ... This is the case for Hubert Jacquin, who spends most of his time in his huge apartment, depressed, in front of his TV. One day, after a misunderstanding, his life will change. Manuela, a young and bubbly adventurer in search of a dwelling calls his home! At first reluctant, Hubert will quickly get used to the presence of this energy storm, who even manages to convince him to allow two other people to stay. There are many surprises in store for Hubert ... Omen is an unconditional fan of Stan, a black female singer of devastating rap. He is no doubt one of the last fans, given how the group she sings in is tanking! The day he accidentally crosses paths with his idol, Omen offers to be her "multi-purpose handyman driver." Against her group's advice, Stan takes this little white guy on board. It's true he often seems half-asleep, bordering on a total screw-up, and she seems to be the only one to glimpse his (well hidden) talents. During a long night of August, some people have different experiences that leave a deep impression in them. Linked by a radio night show, all them cross the city of Barcelona, not knowing that their fates will collide with each other in unexpected ways. Four girls are stalked by high school classmate. Loosely based on true story of man who vowed to slaughter women who rejected him. An American hypochondriac who is working as a baggage handler is forced to confront his fears when a British teenager with a terminal illness enlists him to help her carry out her eccentric bucket list. Kaalam Maari Pochu is a 1996 Tamil comedy film directed by V. Sekhar. The film features Pandiarajan, Sangita, Vadivelu, Kovai Sarala, R. Sundarrajan and Rekha in lead roles. The film had musical score by Deva and was released on 13 April 1996 and emerged as one of the blockbusters of 1996. Two good for nothing boys Jhumroo and Ghungroo are best examples of fools who keep roaming around the whole day. Their sole motive in life is to have fun, befriend girls, go to parties, get drunk and chill. They find impish ways to get in touch with girls. They are also desperate to get a job, but in their comical attempt they receive yet more embarrassment. After couple of disasters they get a job at a newly opened beauty parlor run by two smart girls. Their dream has come true. They are around girls all the time. But this is just the beginning of their hilarious trauma and a journey full of unexpected twists.... A roller-coaster ride for them and guffaws for viewers.  Directed by award-winning filmmaker Carlos Avila, this documentary program profiles three legendary wrestlers in a creative and imaginative exploration of the colorful, fascinating and mysterious world of lucha libre Mexican wrestling. Tsatsiki longs for the summer holidays when he will go to Greece to live with his dad Yanis. When Tsatsiki arrive at the village, it is not quite as he remembered it. Guesthouses and taverns are empty, there is a crisis in Greece and in his beloved village. When his dad delivers the bad news that he might have to sell both the hotel and the olive grove, Tsatsiki becomes upset. However, Tsatsiki's mother has taught him to never give up. He realizes that it is up to him to save the hotel, otherwise his beloved place in Greece will be lost. Husband and wife Gabe and Adelaide Wilson take their kids to their beach house expecting to unplug and unwind with friends. But as night descends, their serenity turns to tension and chaos when some shocking visitors arrive uninvited.  In the wake of his dramatic escape from captivity, Jesse Pinkman must come to terms with his past in order to forge some kind of future. When college students are each assigned to write a horror story for class, they go deep into the woods for inspiration, only to find more horror, and humor, than they expected... A famous TV fortune-teller tries to better his life and reconnect with his stranded sons and ex wife. James, a college freshman and computer genius, is enlisted by his womanizing roommate, Lance, to code the ultimate hook-up app. But when James discovers that his divorced mother is using the app, unexpected consequences ensue. A trailer for a silent film that never was ... and probably shouldn't have been, anyways. When popular college kid Max sees his finals at risk, he calls in the help of his long lost and nerdy friend Ruben. Together with the comedic help of "chick-magnet" and Marroccon street hustler Youseff, they decide to throw the biggest exams-party ever dreamt possible, while getting to know themselves and each other in a thorough manner. One man's journey around the world to discover the secret of comedy. Max falls into the hands of a "happy" horoscope, which he must follow for 30 days, performing all its insane orders to obtain previously unavailable beauty and success. But one day Max's horoscope is replaced... Three women, one family: Monika the mother, Angie the older sister and Kiki the baby of the family. Angie is a reality-TV star who is doggedly clinging onto her fading career. Fresh out of rehab, she suddenly finds herself without any money, friends or a place to live and is condemned to returning to her mother in her hated dump of a hometown. Angie's teenage sister Kiki is also finding life tough-going. Due to her epilepsy, her mother Monika insists that she wears a freaky protective helmet. The consequence: Kiki is ostracised and bullied, her life has long since become the hell from which her mother is trying to protect her. Terrence J. stars as Charlie, a playboy who's convinced that relationships are dead. His two best friends, Donald Faison and Robert C. Riley, bet him that if he sticks to one woman for one month, he's bound to get attached. Charlie denies this until he crosses paths with the beautiful and mysterious Eva, played by singer/actress Cassie. They may agree to a casual affair, but eventually Charlie is questioning whether he may actually want more. A weekend getaway for four couples takes a sharp turn when one of the couples discovers the entire trip was orchestrated to host an intervention on their marriage. Join Captain Cuke (Larry the Cucumber) and his loyal first officer, Mr. Spork (Bob the Tomato), as they embark on an out of this world adventure to save the galaxy from a menacing space pirate. A mono virus outbreak at Highland Park High takes out the most popular kids for two months, allowing the outcasts to rule the school. Lorraine believes there's a lost portal to another world in Essex. As she explores time and space with her friends and family will she be proven wrong or be vindicated? Masayoshi is a young announcer who has worked at a broadcasting station for 3 years. He is the secondary presenter for a morning information program, but he always makes mistakes. Masayoshi also has a crush on co-worker Yuko, whom he has known since he was a child, but he can't seem to get any closer to her. Masayoshi then puts on a pair of glasses that he finds at work. He realizes the glasses gives him superhuman powers. Masayoshi decides to become a righteous hero. Kishore works as an assistant director and dreams of making him big someday in showbiz. A chance encounter with Eva changes his life forever and the man falls in love. A strange but not unwelcome global pandemic fills people everywhere with boundless sexual lust. From their apparent refuge out in space, astronauts believe they understand the root of this evil: the universal sexual matrix known as ultra-sex has disappeared! It must be found! The quest begins, while below the blue planet is caught in the throes of crazed and improbable abandon. This film tells the story of Ozwathini, a remote rural community situated in the midlands of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa, where people practice mixed farming and forestry on small plots between their homesteads. These activities provide subsistence and an income in an area where formal employment is virtually non-existent. The film explores the values, opportunities and challenges of living in a communal area in South Africa. It also contrasts this with the monoculture model of large scale commercial agriculture and questions why government support for such a sustainable, resilient and eco-friendly lifestyle is so hard to find. Its goal is to raise awareness around the need for infrastructure development and support in such areas to make them more supportive of people's needs and aspirations On his 25th birthday, following the death of his brother, Max and his best friend Peter wander the wintry streets of Manhattan, contemplating life, livelihood, and what it means to be adult. Two Hollywood filmmakers attempt to find Morgan Freeman in Mississippi and convince him to star in their next movie. When life gets in their way they soon discover what matters to them most. A young couple moves into an infamous New York apartment building to start a family. Things become frightening as Rosemary begins to suspect her unborn baby isn't safe around their strange neighbors. Chaiyapol Julien Poupart stars as a country boy who is hopelessly in love with a local lass, but can't marry her until he raises a lavish dowry. Two free-spirited stoners find themselves catapulted into 2016 after smoking some top secret pot created by the CIA in 1986. With 30 years of their lives lost, these now balding and overweight friends use their uncomplicated enthusiasm to get their lives back on track and figure out the modern world. Gene, a multi-expressional emoji, sets out on a journey to become a normal emoji. On the south side of Kyoto, tucked away from its ancient temples and tourist sites, lies a 40 building low income housing project. Mukaijima New Town, as it's known around the city, is home to poor immigrants, gangsters, drug addicts and lost children. Hair flies in the life of teenage Olivia who is totally bald due alopecia, when she works in the hair salon that is owned by her ex-beauty queen mom. Connor Ryan, out of a job and dumped by his girlfriend, returns to Atlantic City to try to rebuild his life with the last source of income that he has -- a few apartments in a low-rise condo complex that sits in the shadows of AC's newest and most expensive casino. Unfortunately, Connor's tenants don't want to pay him. In order to get his money, Connor has to take on a pair of Chechen animal trainers with underworld ties, a rap star who parties so hard the neighbors can't sleep, and a struggling single mother who steals his heart... To prove a point about measuring up and fitting in, Texas teen Willowdean "Dumplin'" Dickson enters a local pageant run by her ex-beauty queen mom. Lindsay Walker, a Caucasian woman who grew up in a small, all Caucasian town, gets a job at an African American consulting firm and finds herself in a complete culture shock. An African American co-worker, Neque Campbell, is given the task to help Lindsay get acquainted with the African American culture. Through their hilarious and eye-opening journey together, they both come to understand even more than they signed up for. When cancer-stricken alcoholic actor discovers he's only got 3 months to live, he decides to change his life and reconcile with his estranged daughter. Clio befriends Fred, a homeless former jazz singer down on his luck. They form a special bond over music, and Clio, having just lost her own father, helps Fred reconnect with his own daughter, just in time for Christmas.  Johnny Holliday, a charming American biker space outlaw, leads a motley wild bunch of rebel bandits in a collision course with legendary villain Kathulo to determine the fate of the galaxy. Along the way, Johnny also has to face off with Ramona Sanchez, a hot-headed childhood rival who now protects their town of Rio Bravo as a hard-ass hardcore cop, enforcing the law with an iron fist. Organizing a Christmas wedding is a true treat for bridal boutique owner Madeline Krug. She loves the challenge of finding the perfect dress for the bride and orchestrating an exquisite event. What Madeline didn't expect was to be swept off her feet by the bride's gorgeous brother, movie star, Jonny Blaze. Jonny came to the quirky town of Fool's Gold to support his sister -- not to fall in love. Yet Madeline is the most extraordinary woman he's ever met, and she finds the real Jonny even more captivating than her celebrity crush. Will the action star be brave enough to take on the role of a lifetime? Four cops try to stage a crime in their crime-free, model village so that they are not transferred from the place. But their naive attempts result in far-reaching conclusions. The story of 'KL 10 Pathu' basically revolves around too many incidents like a Panchayath Election, a local football tournament final, and an eloping of the hero and heroine. What makes things all the more complicated is the repercussion of the eloping which eventually affects the results of the football tournament and the election result. Because the hero is the son of the candidate in the panchayath election and a player of the football team which plays in the final. Four girlfriends take a trip to New Orleans for an annual festival and, along the way, rediscover their wild sides and strengthen the bonds of sisterhood. A former war photographer tries to ward off his personal ghosts by taking pictures of trees only. He lives alone among olive trees in southern Italy. One day he decides to cross the sea. Once in Albania, he goes near the location where he had made his last war picture, as if he was retracing his steps. He finds a tree he wants to photograph. He is just about to do so, when he discovers a runaway girl hiding in it with the sole objective of crossing the sea and getting to the other side. The man has no choice. He has to flee with her, follow her and guide her along until a storm separates them. When a candidate for state senate threatens the future of the D-rate driving academy, "Driven to Succeed," it's up to the self centered owner and his staff of moronic, drunk, pill-popping instructors to save the school - and their jobs. A dark-comedy about of a young Latina graduate's dreams of acting clashing with the absurdity of life and family. When a mild-mannered IT specialist discovers that a man with the same name as his is missing, he goes looking for him in the Toronto ravines. But instead of finding him, he finds the missing man's identical twin brother. Imagine clocks stop in time, happily amazed at that time when we were kids, that time of our lives where every second, every decision, every meeting becomes an experience capable of making us change. Imagine, like children, to travel through time, from the 1960s to the present, and experience small adventures that will remain etched in memory, like the smell of an object, the taste of a sweet, the color of a memory. Imagine being children and have the possibility to still be one. 'Once I Will Be Child' is an episodic film told through the eyes of protagonists between 7 and 14 years. The film goes through six decades (1958, 1960, 1978, 1984, 2007, today) and, inspired by the 'children's movies' that marked the fantasy and the cinema of the ' 80 (from 'E.T.' in 'the Goonies' up to 'Honey, I shrunk the kids!'), outlines an amused tribute to various film genres (ranging from science fiction, to yellow, to the tale of training). Comedian Bob Hunter is aided by his French counterpart Fernydel and two beautiful blondes when he is targeted for death by a powerful European counterfeiting ring. A young woman becomes infatuated with the leading man of a traveling theatrical troupe. She sneaks away to join him in the next town, but her father forces her to return home...  Andrea is a young journalist who feels her professional and personal life have come to a halt. But the return of Lorenzo, her former college flame she once dumped, now turned rock star, will give her a new perspective on life, love, and being true to herself. A single father and judicial clerk named Tsutomu's violent past in organized crime threatens to catch up to him when his daughter is taken hostage. A group of friends go out for a night on the town on New Years Eve. But after one of them is accidentally shot, the remaining three have to come up with a solution while other circumstances get in the way. Life changes for Madhavankutty, a school teacher after he witnesses a theft at a money lender's shop in his village, which has no identity of its own. Seeking funds for her orphanage in India, Isabelle travels to New York to meet Theresa, a wealthy benefactor. An invitation to attend a wedding ignites a series of events in which the past collides with the present while mysteries unravel. In this entry in the MGM "Crime Does Not Pay" series young Frank Davis, dropping out of school and joining a small-time hoodlum gang, finds out that leading a life of crime is not all he thought it would be. The clumsy and shy Stanley is a nice fellow, beloved by his colleagues in the office. He has a crush on the gorgeous new-hire Diana, but he has difficulties to get close to her. When Stanley finally invites Diana for a date, he hits the homeless Phil with his Taurus, and his planned night turns upside down. A group of aspiring filmmakers must overcome a series of obstacles and conflicts as they strive to complete their cinematic masterpiece. A gaggle of spooks get together and relate evil stories. Robinson Crusoe and Cuma, who celebrate the 15th anniversary of ending up on a desert island, see a ship approaching shore when their troubles about loneliness come out. An adventurer man whose name is Viktor get off this ship that has neither a sail nor a mast. He has run away from retrogressive world together with his animals in the ship and has been looking for a new place to survive. Furthermore, he did not come alone to the island. His two beautiful daughters, one of them is stepchild, made this journey with him. Donelya and Yanarin who grew up in abbey discipline are two young and attractive girls. Robinson and Cuma embrace this guests and their ordinary life starts to be more exciting. The buddies who fall in love with girls before long try all the ways to score. However, Viktor "a conservative dad" is an important obstacle for them. Even so Robinson and Cuma try to struggle determinedly for their love. A wonderfully sustained feature debut from Philip John (who directed episodes of Downton Abbey and Outlander), this anarchic coming-of-age story makes the very best of some stunning Scottish locations. It follows the misadventures of two teenage step brothers (Jack Parry-Jones and Christy O'Donnell) as they head off on a road trip across Scotland, with their relationship challenged by Caitlin (a charismatic Tara Lee), the free spirited and enigmatic girl who comes between them. Cameos from Denis Lawson and Shauna Macdonald and Anton Newcombe's soundtrack add much to the film. An emerging journalist (Jesse Eisenberg), an experienced cameraman (Terrence Howard), and a discredited reporter (Richard Gere) find their bold plan to capture Bosnia's top war criminal quickly spiraling out of control when a UN representative mistakes them for a CIA hit squad in a light-hearted thriller inspired by Scott Anderson's popular Esquire article. The Weinstein Company provides stateside Bond... James Bond! Perhaps the greatest fictional cinema icon ever. He first appeared on the big screen in 1962 in Dr. No and has remained the most powerful action hero ever since. The secret to his success is his adaptability. No matter what tight spots he finds himself in, he always appears to be suave, sophisticated and cool. This is the full story -- from the creation of the character, the men who played him, all the toys, and all the women. Everything you wanted to know about James Bond... and more.  After finding out about the brutal murder of his fiance, Shavar seeks revenge against a masked killer with a penchant for yard work weaponry. Fall will be the season of fear. First-year acting student Stanley mines his girlfriend's family scandal as material for the end-of-year show at drama school. The result is a moral minefield. To understand firsthand what the United States of America can learn from other nations, Michael Moore playfully "invades" some to see what they have to offer. Dhaneshwar Pitamber, has four daughters. All the four daughters are not ready to marry, each one having their own reason. The daughters always play mischievous tricks on the one coming with a proposal of marriage, and their gang leader is the youngest daughter Durga. Kader Khan is so desperate to get his daughters married that he is ready to give a dowry of five crores to each son-in-law. Raja and Kanahaiya are small time con men at the airport. Raju Patel is an NRI from America who comes to India to get married to one of the daughters of Dhaneshwar. The film is centered on the strange, beautiful and emotional story of Jeannette Sabali. When her boyfriend Bruno stops making love with her, Jeannette begins an affair with a young co-worker (Francis LaHaye). Alas, it turns out that her heart problems are physical as well as metaphorical. When Jeannette inherits the heart of a deceased Malian woman, she's befriended by her donor's teenaged son (Youssef Camara), who's convinced that she's the reincarnation of his late mother. It turns out that he might just be on to something. Dead Rush is the end of the world, as we know it. Seen through the eyes of one  man - David - As he takes us through his journey: before, during and after the zombie outbreak. A Communist officer falls hard for a married woman trying to escape from Hungary. Two lads receive a simple job with a big payout. All is not as it seems and if they break The Three Don'ts, they could be in for a world of hurt. TheEYE is an excellent introduction to contemporary artists and their works and provides an ideal resource for a wide range of audiences, including galleries, museums and colleges, as well as individual art-lover.  In October 2002 Anish Kapoor completed his extraordinary sculpture Marsyas for The Unilever Series of commissions in the Turbine Hall at Tate Modern, London. A challenging and overwhelming artwork, Marsyas is a vast red PVC membrane stretched between three massive steel rings. The title refers to a satyr in Greek mythology who was flayed alive by the god Apollo.  This film follows the making of Marsyas, from the earliest maquettes to the complex installation at Tate. Anish Kapoor comments on each stage of the process, and on the ideas and concerns of his art. Also illustrated are a range of his other sculptures and two recent large-scale works: Sky Mirror in Nottingham and Taratantara, created for the empty shell of Baltic as this new art centre was being built in Gateshead. When a man and a woman swap jobs and cities temporarily, they face many problems large and small, but their phone calls develop into romance. Sakthi is in love with Anjali but marries city girl Divya because his father has given his word to her dad. But Divya is least interested in making the marriage work and wants a divorce... Intertwined stories of 50somethings that won't give up on their glory days A story that takes place during Advent, we'll meet again with your favorite pair angel Petronel  and devil Urias. Their eternal wrangling causes the rare apple from the tree of the knowledge to roll on earth. And that God is really angry. Petronel with Urias find themselves in a small Czech town on the eve of the feast of St. Nicholas.  And after a series of human and "divine" tests our heroes eventually find that the path to knowledge leads primarily through self discovery through the strength of friendship, love and forgiveness skills. The most prominent heads of state in the world begin gathering for a conference that could have a major impact on global politics. When MI-7 receives word that the Chinese premier has become the target of some high-powered killers, it falls on Johnny English to save the day. Armed with the latest high-tech weaponry and gadgets that would make even James Bond jealous, the once-disgraced agent uncovers evidence of a massive conspiracy involving some of the world's most powerful organisations, and vows to redeem his tarnished reputation by stopping the killers before they can strike. A disillusioned opera star, a lonely pastry chef, and a divorced Don Juan with an amorous history offstage make for choice ingredients in this poignant romantic tale spiced with Christmas cookies, borscht, and an alarming quantity of deadly insecticide. Director Tribuson demonstrates a deft talent for juggling comic romantic disasters from a woman's point of view as her characters negotiate the bamboozling ways of love. Middle-aged Verica (acclaimed actress Marinkovic) pours her heart into her cafe's pastries, but she can't seem to find a like-minded lover until a duplicitous handyman with pheromones to spare and an eye for the ladies sets off a chain of unforeseen adventures all tied together by one fateful plate of tasty treats. In the glamorous world of New York City, Rebecca Bloomwood is a fun-loving girl who is really good at shopping-a little too good, perhaps. She dreams of working for her favorite fashion magazine, but can't quite get her foot in the door-until ironically, she snags a job as an advice columnist for a financial magazine published by the same company. Gavin Stone, a washed-up former child star, is forced to do community service at a local megachurch and pretends to be Christian so he can land the part of Jesus in their annual Passion Play, only to discover that the most important role of his life is far from Hollywood. Arun past catches up with his present when he and his friends start a company to bring together those in love by setting them up in pre-planned scenes. What happens when he is forced to set up his true love to fall for another guy? Two down-on-their-luck roommates looking for an easy way to pay the rent answer an unusual ad in a local paper and scare up more than just money. When Michael Briskett meets the perfect woman, his ideal Christmas dream comes true when she invites him to her family's holiday celebration. Dreams shattered, Michael struggles to survive once he realizes HE will be Christmas dinner. During his yearly thaw to oversee the direction of his company, the cryogenically frozen head of the world's largest media conglomerate, Walt Disney, convinces Peter, a low-level park employee, to kidnap him for a day in the Magic Kingdom. A man's attempt to clear his father's name leads him to a crumbling mansion inhabited by a mysterious young woman... A Nigerian girl embarks on an extraordinary life journey to keep her mother's spirit alive. A police shootout leaves four thieves dead during an explosive armed robbery attempt in Chicago. Their widows have nothing in common except a debt left behind by their spouses' criminal activities. Hoping to forge a future on their own terms, they join forces to pull off a heist.  Antonio, a representative of medical supplies with no success, finds a brilliant way to present himself to the costumers and improve his sales: the special tiramisu (an italian dessert) made by his beautiful wife Aurora. It's about a hapless hipster who the ladies think for some reason is super handsome. They fall all over themselves trying to be close, making it difficult for him to carry on in life and hold down a job. Beyonce: The Visual Album consists of 17 music videos from the self titled album Beyonce released in 2013  After catching her boyfriend in bed with a man, a sheltered Midwestern girl fights to find her place in a new city and discover where her true passions lie. An ex-DJ who is trying to live a normal life in London is dragged back into the seductive drug-fuelled world of Ibiza nightclubs. This breezy comedy thriller stars Lyndon Ogbourne (Emmerdale) as Connor who, after a series of mix ups - which include an angry girlfriend and her drug dealer father (Darren Day) - finds himself back on Ibiza with his best friend, caught up in the plans of a violent drug gang, with the only possible support coming from his old mentor Leo (an engaging turn from Hollywood star Billy Zane). Mike is a loner: no friends, no hobbies, no girlfriend. That is until he meets Tschick, who's new in school, looks like he's been in a lot of fights and has a tendency to be drunk. At the beginning of the summer break, Tschick shows up at Mike's door with a stolen car and together they start the adventure of their lifetime: no parents, no maps, no plan - but definitely a lot of fun. A private detective is hired to track down a missing casanova and ends up falling head-over-heels for him. Taira is a disaffected youth from a seaside town reveling in violence. Enamored by his strength, Yuya joins his crusade in attacking strangers.  Meanwhile, Taira's brother looks for him. A prospector in the Gold Rush days of '49 strikes pay dirt after a long struggle. He stakes the claim and stays to guard it while his wife and ten-year-old son hurry off to the claim office to register it. Two scoundrels observe the action, and go in pursuit. Arriving after the wife and her son, they trick her into leaving the queue waiting for the agent to arrive. A woman who pretends to faint is the accomplice who leads the wife to a cabin. The scoundrels lock the wife in, but she ties her son to a rope and lowers him out the window to bring help. She is rescued and manages to register their claim in the last moment. An EPIX Original documentary directed by William Shatner, based on his hugely popular book, in which he examines the cultural phenomena of STAR TREK, its fan-following and his own role within it. The friends and amateur detectives Rico and Oskar experiencing their last adventure together. Here everything is really only one well, because now they live next door to. Ricos mother Tanya and Buhl are together, Oskar is with his father Lars pulled to Rico into the house. But dies as the grumpy Fitzke, the trouble begins. The stone Breeder inherited Rico his beloved stone-collection over which the boy also very pleased - but then he and his buddy note that Rico's favorite stone calf stone was stolen. The task now is to make the thieves apprehended. And because there are on the way to the Baltic Sea, Rico and Oskar must as soon as possible afterwards. Glad Tanja is flown by Buhl in the "snogging holiday" ... An idealistic recent film school graduate with few local professional options takes a road trip from Ohio to Los Angeles with his anxious best friend, his troubled high school sweetheart and a hitchhiker hippie, to chase his dream of becoming a filmmaker.  Burning of the Red Lotus Monastery is based on a seminal wuxia novel that's been adapted for the screen numerous times throughout the history of Hong Kong martial arts cinema. A professional tennis player has a John McEnroe-like outburst that gets him thrown off the tour and lands him in a league that might not be strictly about tennis. Kozo Nakase attends meetings for single widowers looking to remarry. He meets Sayoko Takeuchi and eventually marries her. Not longer after their marriage, Kozo Nakase suddenly collapses and dies. Kozo Nakase leaves everything to Sayako. The rest of his family are left out of his will including his daughter Tomomi. Tomomi hires a private investigator, Honda, to find out more about Sayoko. Tiger Bhai and Golden Bhai are the Kaminey dons, no one dares to stand in front of them and what they say they make it happen. Tiger wants to take over golden's territory and wishes to be the only and biggest don. He hatches a plan of getting his daughter to get married to golden's son. Two childhood friends from a small village in the north of Nicaragua briefly reunite one day in the city. One, a University student, and the other, a dropout, have a slight misunderstanding regarding a motorcycle, which leads to some petty drama in their similarly uneventful day-to-day lives. In the wake of the mortgage lending crisis, a former banker has to return home in order to get back on his feet. Holiday time, a Mediterranean island. Three wanderings at summer's end. The determination, no matter the cost, to make things change. Nostalgia for a past that never existed. A small town insurance salesman is terrorized by the corrupt men behind Huntsacker Industries after he witnesses the filming of a snuff movie. The film talks about Guru Ji, the spiritual leader accepts the challenge of vanishing social evils like gender-related issues, drugs abuse and alcoholism from the society. Some people with vested interest conspire to kill this spiritual leader. When architect-turned-recluse Bernadette Fox goes missing prior to a family trip to Antarctica, her 15-year-old daughter Bee goes on a quest with Bernadette's husband to find her. Deuce Bigalow is a less than attractive, down on his luck aquarium cleaner. One day he wrecks the house of a gigolo and needs quick money to repair it. The only way he can make it is to become a gigolo himself, taking on an unusual mix of female clients. He encounters a couple of problems, though. He falls in love with one of his unusual clients, and a sleazy police officer is hot on his trail. Through five stories, the movie addresses sex and love: Paco and Ana are a marriage looking for reactivate the passion of their sexual relations, long time unsatisfied; Jose Luis tries to recover the affections of his wife Paloma, sit down on a wheelchair after an accident which has limited her mobility; Ma Candelaria and Antonio are a marriage trying by all way to be parents, but she has the trouble that no get an orgasm when make love with him; Alex try to satisfy Natalia's fantasies, while she starts to doubt if he finally will ask her in marriage; and finally, Sandra is a single woman in a permanent searching for a man to fall in love. All them love, fear, live and explore their diverse sexual paraphilias and the different sides of sexuality, trying to find the road to happiness. Childhood friends Vasu and Saravanan are thick as thieves but Vasu's newly-wed wife, Seema doesn't approve of Saravanan and wants her husband to break ties with him. So, Vasu tries to set up Saravanan with Aishwarya. But, can these friends really drift apart? Into an era seething with war and revolution, a man comes with an incredible power to heal a nation...or destroy it. Based on the true story of one of the most powerful and mysterious figures in Russian history. A woman leaves her career in dancing to dedicate her life to her husband, a famous politician. Fifteen years after, she leaves her luxurious life to resume what she left behind years ago. He creeps - He crawls - He sh*ts. And when five unsuspecting people stumble upon his domain, he sets out on a quest for victims, leaving a trail of unspeakable (and stinky) carnage in his wake. He's Stankmouth, and he's a crazed killer with a unique physical condition that gives new meaning to the term "potty mouth" in this instant gross-out classic. A California high school student plans to escape from her family and small town by going to college in New York, much to the disapproval of wildly loving, deeply opinionated and strong-willed mother.  Les Tuche, a modest french family, change his life after winning a super lottery. Thanks to the money of his parents, the son, Donald (aka "coin-coin) goes to Los Angeles to improve his english. On the L.A. University, he meets Jennifer, daughter of a famous American financier. Six strangers (of different backgrounds, cultures, and economic statuses) are invited to a mysterious home, each for different reasons. With nothing in common, they soon find out that they are actually brothers and sisters. The father they never knew about has died. As a part of his last will and testament, he will spread his millions equally amongst them, if they are willing to spend the next 24 hours together. All hell is about to break loose.  Despite their age difference, Lesbian couple Olivia and Alex are very much in love. But as the question of pregnancy rears its head and their neighbour John befriends them, they both start making some truly disastrous decisions. A delightfully dark, Frankenstein-themed horror comedy about a re-animated corpse, made from the stitched together body parts of three murdered young women, that decides to go on a bloody quest to find their killer and avenge their deaths! A young couple who are so poor that they have to work as hired killers.  Elia, a depressed jewish psychoanalyst, one day meets Claudia, a young and eccentric personal trainer. Mone, Kechon, Chiffon, Younapi and Chibo are ordinal women. They work at a cleaning company. The CEO of the company is a woman and she is like a devil. The 5 working girls have boring days. One day, they go to a place in the middle of the forest to clean up. There, they find a dead body of a beautiful girl. The girls raise the beautiful girl from the dead by imitating a ritual of a Norwegian black metal band. Five stories of romance, farewells, bitter love and stolen kisses... Thomas and Alfred were born around the same time; a fire in the nursery had nurses scrambling to save the newborns. Because he felt that he deserved Alfred's good fortune at being born into a wealthy family, Thomas conceives the idea that he and Alfred were switched at birth, and he can't help seeing that his unhappiness should be Alfred's, from the loss of his sister to his inability to have a relationship with the woman Evelyne. So, as his life is ending, he formulates a plan of revenge against his bitter enemy, his lifetime adversary, the man who stole his existence. EeBee the Evil Bong is back. And she's stoner - er - stronger than ever. With Larnell, Sarah Leigh, Rabbit, Velicity and a lobotomized Gingerdead Man trapped in The Bong World for good, she once more sets about her plan for world domination. Killjoy, the demon of vengeance, trickster god and killer clown has finally made it to Earth! Along with his gruesome crew Freakshow, Punchy and the sexy/psychotic Batty Boop, Killjoy is free to terrorize mortals in new and excruciating ways. Death to False Hipsters Widowed businessman, Sudhirbhai lives a wealthy lifestyle with his son, Vikram, who is student at National College. He is very affectionate toward Vikram and will do anything for him. His business partner is Goswami, who is also widowed, and has two children, a son, Mahesh, a daughter, Reema, who are good friends of Vikram, and the two businessmen expect to cement their relationship by getting Reema married to Vikram. But when Reema meets and falls in love with Amit Verma, who lives with his taxi-driver dad, mom - Shanti, and sister - Munni, things change dramatically as Sudhirbhai uses his underworld contacts in order to pressurize Verma to get his son to forget Reema, and he does this by destroying his taxi by a bomb. Verma does manage to convince Amit to stay away from Reema, but both meet again and renew their love - prompting Sudhirbhai to threaten Reema that he will get Amit gravely injured... A young, socially-awkward janitor in an elderly care home sets out to go on an adventure with his three elderly best friends. The year is 2XXX and Keiko Town is an over-industrialized stretch of blackened factories pumping out thick layers of smoke that cast it in a perpetual state of semi-darkness. The citizens of Keiko Town fare no better and walk around their dilapidated town in a stupor of hopeless despair. In an abandoned factory in an obscure corner of town lies the secret base of Hikari Club.  The teenage boys of Hikari Club despise the adults of their community and have taken it upon themselves to eradicate what they perceive to be the evil and filth of the grown-up world. To accomplish this, they build a machine with artificial intelligence and dub it "Litchi". However, with the boys on the cusp of puberty and turning into adults themselves, their own world has begun to collapse around them. Park Goo (Lee Kwang-Soo) mutates into a man-fish due to side effects from an experimental drug. He receives heavy publicity and becomes a star. A conspiracy by a pharmaceutical company leads Park Goo to being possibly expelled from the world. Eager contestants don big heads and furry suits to vie for the title of World's Best Mascot. In 2012, Bi Kidude, fast-talking, chain-smoking, rebel-rocker and the oldest performer on the world music stage, was kidnapped at a reported age of 102. Award winning director Andy Jones, returns to Zanzibar to investigate. This intensely personal journey reflects on the life and death of a legend, and sees the director embroiled in the mystery of her last days on earth. I SHOT BI KIDUDE feels both familiar and exotic. Part love story, part drama, and part reflection on the enduring impact of fame and film, it is a reminder to people everywhere to do what makes us happy, while we can. After coming into contact with a potentially fatal virus, a bitter professional wrestler is forced to isolate himself in his childhood home for 21 days. Jean Jones, a gawky, 25-year old finds new love unexpectedly in the back of a Brooklyn ambulance with paramedic Ray Malcolm on the day the grandfather she's never met shows up on her doorstep and drops dead with her book in his pocket. Against the advice of her family, who all seem to be stewing in their own secrets, Jean plans the funeral for Gray Jones and uncovers some tough truths about the Jones women, her failing career and a crippling inability to move on from a past relationship. A fast-paced, dark dramedy following six lovable degenerates, their terrible choices, often hilarious and tragic consequences, and unexpectedly interwoven lives. An 8-year-old boy and his dog are left to face a vast desert wasteland alone after a plane crash, while an army of men and machines penetrate the desert searching for them. Based on true events. Another pedestrian has been hit along Twygate Boulevard, this time at the intersection of Juniper Lane. It is the fifth time in three years, and all of its victims have been the elderly. The "answer" to the problem is to put up yet another traffic light that will en-snarl traffic. While everyone agrees the "old folks" should have a safe access over a busy thoroughfare, a group of young people have had enough. They believe the answer to really protecting these seniors is to change their lifestyles and habits instead. Their appearance at the neighborhood board meeting will transform the usual rubber stamp agenda into a manic evening of misstatements and misinterpretation. A sidesplitting comedy of humans being human, "Juniper Lane" takes a funny, fresh new look at the generation gap. An elderly, yet young-at-heart man, moves in with his grandson, and both their lives turn upside-down. Drinking the tasty Folk Soda puts a spring in the 101 Year Old Man's step and his next adventure takes him around the World and back to Sweden, during which time he is chased by the CIA, a Balinese debt collector and becomes an executive at a soft drink company. After he's grounded by an injury, a high-flying bachelor is saddled with two wide-eyed orphans as they come face-to-face with the dangers and beauty of the outside world. The storyline revolves around a group of schoolboys who suspect two of their number are in love with each other. They come up with ways to prove the secret love affair, but things get more complicated when a girl comes into play. MAKING IT is an original and quirky comedy following one man's search for love, creative fulfilment and a pencil sharper.  George Banbury is a thirty-three year old struggling actor best known for having appeared alongside a troll in a Wine Gums advert. Stuck in a rut and living with his parents, George is going nowhere fast. An unexpected pregnancy and a chance encounter with an ex-girlfriend sees George attempt to expose his inner leading man to a world that has already cast him as a supporting artiste.  Los Angeles citizens with vastly separate lives collide in interweaving stories of race, loss and redemption. July 2006. Leonardo Zuliani has vanished. The news from Trastevere in Rome turns into a real national emergency, while a huge throng of followers gathers around the young activist's house. His mother is beside herself with grief and the entire neighbourhood is paralysed. He's on every TV channel and the authorities all express their solidarity with the family. Many can't believe it's true; they prefer to think it's just one of his stunts. A genius in conveying his ideas, successful cartoonist, visionary fashion designer, cult author, human rights activist: but who is Leonardo deep down? With the help of leading experts and celebrities, the film traces his life, at last casting light on a key figure of our times Shibu, the son of a widow, faces difficulties when he tries to express his love to his cousin Aparna. A recently jilted millennial's friends throw him a going away party. After his sassy ex-girlfriend shows up, the group of friends find themsleves in a struggle for their very lives. After a continuing losing streak that started at the altar, Roger tries to claw out of financial ruin and into the arms of Tyler. But Jay, Ty's hunky fire chief partner is not letting that flame blaze. Meanwhile, fireworks explode when Fred's obsessive tinkering on their bear documentary conflicts with Brent's baby prep and the unwavering due date of their newborn. Mama bear Michael faces major challenges and finds that love comes in all colors, shapes and sizes. Two New York City children who launch a hilarious scheme to get what they most want this holiday season. Remake of the 1999 KBS television drama of the same Korean name.  This movie is about a housewife who becomes rebellious of her previous homely lifestyle. Ponzi, from his arrival in Boston in 1903, to hi death in Rio in 1949. He made himself famous in inventing the first fraud of modern times on a large scale, and inspired Bernard Madoff. Arthur (Dudley Moore), that irrepressible drunk, tries to sober up -- and get a job -- in this sequel to the 1981 smash hit. Meanwhile, the father of the girl Arthur stood up at the altar in the first film is conniving to trick the hapless boozer into marrying his daughter so he can gain entree to Arthur's $750 million fortune. Two young boys must decide what is more important for them - duty or friendship. Big eater Tuberculo and his neighbor Tirson broke their friendship because of a misunderstanding, but 20 years later, an unexpected event brings them together again.  Because of his wavering health, Monsieur Henri can no longer live alone in his Paris appartment.  Particularly grumpy, he ends up nonetheless accepting his son Paul's suggestion that he let one of his rooms out to a young female student.  Far from falling for her charms, Henri uses her to orchestrate utter family chaos... An african refugee starts working for a swiss family. A family moves back to Miami to take care of its widowed abuela. After moving into a haunted house, the family learns the intentions of the ghosts that inhabit it. Marriage is like rock salt, solid yet brittle, salty yet tangy... it has to be nurtured and kept alive. A third person's entry can make the marriage more exciting, as a little bit of uncertainty adds a twinge to otherwise bland but wholesome food.... Bitnoon is the story of Rahul and Mou a happily married couple whose 6 year old son is loathe to leave his parents alone even for a day'cause he feels they cannot be trusted alone. As a result Rahul and Mou hardly have any time of their own. There is no privacy in their relationship. Rahul tries to meet his wife at odd times to avoid the son only to be thwarted by the little fellow!!! At such a juncture Rusha enters his life with disastrous yet hilarious consequences. What happens next is a roller coaster ride for Rahul and the audience. After her fiancee cancels the wedding, Merlin's life changes drastically when she moves in with one of her brother's best friends. Does air temperature really matter for fountains to be frozen or melt? One just need to stop and look around... It's a mosaic of several interrelated characters in search of their own happiness. It's about hopes and disapointments, betrayal and forgivness... and of course it's all about love... A fun, culture-clash, fish-out-of-water wedding comedy involving two very different families brought together by marriage, who are forced to meet, interact, clash and ultimately find ways to be with one another. An idealist Sanskrit teacher deals with issues like commercialization of religion as things around him change and he struggles to keep up. But is he ready to pay the price? Ten year old Amanda desperately wants a dog but her Dad won't have it. When she finds a young fox, she and her friend Maggie conspire to keep it as a pet. Little do they know the trouble awaits as the fox is pursued by a pair of shady, bumbling Russians with an ulterior motive.   The boss and employee of a matchmaking website pretend to be lovers in order to save the company and regain their significant others. A message circulates from mobile phone to mobile phone. A bunch of strangers meet in a mansion. They come searching for sex, but never has an orgy been so full of love. Kevin is a 22 year old programmer from a small town hoping to sell his app. One girl makes him feel like a million bucks, the other a nervous wreck, but his relationship with both will make him realize what he really wants out of life. Alvin York a hillbilly sharpshooter transforms himself from ruffian to religious pacifist. He is then called to serve his country and despite deep religious and moral objections to fighting becomes one of the most celebrated American heroes of WWI. Bram (10 years) steals a small boat, puts wheels under it and travels towards the sea. The man that helps him reach an old shipwreck turns out to be more than a casual passerby and saying farewell proves difficult for both. 11-year-old Michi lives in a children's home, every day fighting to win the respect of the other kids, till the day he finds his real dad, Tom - who happens to be a dwarf, even shorter than Michi is, the opposite of his idea of manliness and strength. When the kids find out, Michi's life becomes hell and he flees. With nowhere to go, he moves in with Tom, who is new to this fatherhood thing, while Michi tried to hide his embarrassment and shame from his fellow school kids. This forces Tom, who had coped well till now, to confront his handicap head on. As time passes, they discover they have more in common than other sons and fathers, until their relationship is again suddenly put to the hard test... Gandy Goose is reading a book about Post-War Inventions. Sourpuss doesn't like it one bit, and that night he dreams that he has come to a hall of new inventions. At first he's impressed, but things begin to go wrong with the inventions, and when he finally wakes up, he promptly smashes the book over Goose's head. A man in his mid-20s, still living at home with his mother and stepfather, puts all his eggs in one basket: the girl who works at his local coffee shop. The problem is, she has a serious boyfriend. As they become closer, the line between friendship and intimacy is blurred, and the situation forces both to examine where they are in their lives. Bengali Film about an Artist Rajeeva rebels against his fathers wrongdoings and leaves home, leaving everything earned by his father, including the last thread of clothing on his body. As destiny has its own way for everyone, Rajeeva happens to meet a nomad Khaali Peeli. Khaali Peeli takes him under his patronage and gets him a server`s job in the family bar and restaurant Parapancha. Six strangers (of different backgrounds, cultures, and economic statuses) are invited to a mysterious home, each for different reasons. With nothing in common, they soon find out that they are actually brothers and sisters. The father they never knew about has died. As a part of his last will and testament, he will spread his millions equally amongst them, if they are willing to spend the next 24 hours together. All hell is about to break loose. In the artist colony Rocket Perelman ten people strive to live their version of freedom and independence - everybody for themselves and all together. But that's hard work, since the joined theatre production puts the groups' idealism to a hard test. "Jaffa Gate Is Ours!" screamed the headlines in 2005. Greek Orthodox Patriarch Irineos was accused of selling church property to Jewish settlers. He denied all the accusations. But for the first time in the church's 2000-year history, its leader was ousted. For 11 long years, Irineos was imprisoned in his chambers. In this first-person account, filmmaker Danae Elon unravels what really happened to the former Patriarch. With unprecedented access to the inner workings of the church, a riveting, mysterious, disturbing, and often humorous story is revealed about an unknown world within the walls of Jerusalem's Old City. After Kick-Ass' insane bravery inspires a new wave of self-made masked crusaders, he joins a patrol led by the Colonel Stars and Stripes. When these amateur superheroes are hunted down by Red Mist -- reborn as The Mother Fucker -- only the blade-wielding Hit-Girl can prevent their annihilation. A feature-length documentary film about hip-hop DJing, otherwise known as turntablism. From the South Bronx in the 1970s to San Francisco now, the world's best scratchers, beat-diggers, party-rockers, and producers wax poetic on beats, breaks, battles, and the infinite possibilities of vinyl.  An overweight, young woman, who finds it hard to land a husband, learns to accept her 'Size Sexy' figure and leads an awareness campaign against a dubious slimness centre. Jomer Raja Dilo Bor is a Surreal Romantic Comedy. The story is about a feminist author Ria Banerjee played by Payel Sarkar who hates men to the core. A human girl and her warrior comrades from another world travel to Earth to save humanity from an impending apocalypse.  The Cleary brothers, Sam (John Cena), Leo (Ethan Embry) and Douglas (Boyd Holbrook) took dysfunctional families to a new level: Sam and Leo have grown up hating each other and neither likes their juvenile delinquent kid brother, Douglas, to whom they've only recently been introduced. The sons share the same father, a womanizing drunk, but all have different mothers. Their father died a rich man and when they're brought together by their sister Nina (Amy Smart) to learn which of them will inherit the old man`s fortune, they are handed an unpleasant surprise. A conspiracy theorist makes up his own conspiracy which becomes wildly popular only for him to discover that it might just be real. During a handover to the head of counter-terrorism of MI5, Harry Pearce, a terrorist escapes custody. When Harry disappears soon after, his protege is tasked with finding out what happened as an impending attack on London looms, and eventually uncovers a deadly conspiracy. This short documentary visits the 3 Quebec border towns of Rock Island, Stanstead and Beebe, and the Vermont town of Derby Line to see how residents and officials cope with a civic life that is cut down the middle by an international boundary. The husband decided to celebrate the New year with a young mistress in his country house, converted from a former pig farm, he sends his wife to visit his mother-in-law, and for an alibi invites an old friend... Antboy is challenged by the release of archenemy Loppen from prison, the new super villain, Alicia Dufort, and competition from an all new vigilante; the Hero Without a Name. A romantic drama which aims to allure the urban crowd, stars Nithiin Reddy and Adah Sharma. With a tagline `I need one hour kiss to burn 300 calories` - that suggests the film is high on romantic quotient THE ELECTION CAMPAIGNERS tries to analyse the phenomenon of the Austrian Freedom Party (FPO). The party's great success is generally regarded as a result of its leader's demonic charisma. But this film doesn't focus on Jorg Haider. Instead it gives a face to the people who make Haider's election victories possible, taking a clear stance, yet refraining from commentary or judgement. It is up to the viewers to draw their own conclusions. When the world was falling apart, they came together. In the first dark hours of September 12th, 2001, five college freshmen stay up all night in a dorm room confronting the promises of youth that have been severed by national tragedy. No job is too absurd for Jakob: in a glitter suit with stick-on sideburns, he sings Elvis Presley songs for crooning old ladies - not exactly the musical Olympics, but he needs the money. Now Jakob has the job of transporting a valuable stud ram to Norway by car, because the ram doesn't like flying. Just before he sets off, Jakob's long-forgotten lover Julia calls and announces the arrival of her-their-12-year-old daughter May. The stubborn teenager has taken it into her head to visit the father she has never met. So May has to come along to Norway too. However, with an angrily bleating ram in the back and an arrogant 'goat' in the passenger seat, Jakob has much more than he can cope with.  Following on the heels of popular teen-scream horror movies, with uproarious comedy and biting satire. Marlon and Shawn Wayans, Shannon Elizabeth and Carmen Electra pitch in to skewer some of Hollywood's biggest blockbusters, including Scream, I Know What You Did Last Summer, The Matrix, American Pie and The Blair Witch Project. This documentary compiles a series of Noam Chomsky's interviews and lectures that address the events of 9/11. The Israeli-Palestinian conflict has lasted 100 years. 100 years of war, bloodshed, bitterness, suffering. 100 years of stalemate, intransigence and failed peace deals. And now, it's all over! They've finally found the solution: A game of soccer. The winner gets to stay. The loser leaves forever. And no whining. When aspiring filmmaker David is mandated by a judge to attend a social program at the Jewish Community Center, he is sure of one thing: he doesn't belong there. But when he's assigned to visit the Brooklyn Bridge with the vivacious Sarah, sparks fly and his convictions are tested. Their budding relationship must weather Sarah's romantic past, David's judgmental mother, and their own pre-conceptions of what love is supposed to look like. Virgil Reality reveals his latest invention, and Ally plans to steal it. John Gregory, who is a seventh son of a seventh son and also the local spook, has protected the country from witches, boggarts, ghouls and all manner of things that go bump in the night. However John is not young anymore, and has been seeking an apprentice to carry on his trade. Most have failed to survive. The last hope is a young farmer's son named Thomas Ward. Will he survive the training to become the spook that so many others couldn't?  Elias Ehlers second one-man comedy show Brigadier is a cheater and selfish businessman who needs to escape from the prison where he is being held, his only chance to achieve is to become director of a theater group of some prisoners who despises. Amidst the hilarious and tense situations that occur during testing of fun work, Brigadier and other inmates discover that the theater is only possible through tolerance and solidarity. Oregon, 1851. Hermann Kermit Warm, a chemist and aspiring gold prospector, keeps a profitable secret that the Commodore wants to know, so he sends the Sisters brothers, two notorious assassins, to capture him on his way to California. Film version based on the Dutch TV show. An improv group deals with several crises, including the loss of their lease and one member hitting the big time. Defying his mother's wishes to become a lawyer, a young daydreamer pursues his dream of opening a coffee shop, only to find that life, too, can be bittersweet. Detroit native Tony T. Roberts returns to his hometown for a raucous and occasionally musical night of stand up where no topic is off limits and anything can happen. The Second World War is experienced through the journey of Private Cole, a dramatic study of the contrasting nature between the innocence of childhood and the reality of war, and the emotional struggle that accompanies it. Gourishankar is an eyewitness to the murder of an honest customs officer Sudarshan Kumar who dared to defy Jethia, the kingpin of an organization of cocaine smugglers called "Shangrila". The smugglers implicate Gourishankar in a false theft charge and his wife dies of shock. The evil organisation kills his son and kidnaps his daughter. Gourishankar only mission in life is to find his daughter and take revenge on Jethia. Vasoottan an auto driver by profession, who is very good at heart and meanwhile he is an impetuous person. Once a MBA student happens to travel his auto with some hidden purposes. Movie is about a retired master thief Keluvashan and his dearest disciple Kallan Benny. Once a young man came to see Keluvashan and expressed his wish to study the tricks and secrets of theft. Caught between the mob and border patrol, washed-up musician Yiannis must put his plans to leave Cyprus on hold when his beloved dog escapes across the wall to the island's Turkish side. After the death of his wife and father, Kudret, who has always lived by the book, decides to go on a road trip to save a girl. After spending 5 years in Hollywood, California, Carlos has go back to his home in Puerto Rico to make his first feature film. A one-time (and now one-handed) master film editor toiling in the cinematic sweatshops of 1970s Italy becomes the prime suspect in a series of brutal murders. Une bande d'anciens copains de Sciences-Po, devenus de jeunes loups de la politique se retrouvent pour un week-end dans une maison isolee en Bretagne avec pour seul mot d'ordre: se detendre et surtout ne jamais parler politique. Mais la pleine lune, des voisins adeptes de mysterieux rites et le vieil Armagnac trouve dans la cave vont les faire desavouer leur promesse, et tout va partir en live... A film crew follows around Roman Bickerstaff, a college RA who lives, eats and breathes the job. Chaos ensues when the school has decided to make cutbacks and Roman's job hangs in the balance. Running away from some evil arabs, a woman hides in a counterbass case, causing problems to his owner, a musician with a jelous wife who is trying to win her back. This film is dominated by an icy blue. In a monumental building a group of scientists submit women to obscure experiments, in which sexuality and cruelty constantly merge into one another. When the film was released, this horrifying game of power and powerlessness was condemned severely by a militant group of feminists. The criticism was undeserved. After all, 'Pentimento' is an art-historical term for a hidden image underneath the actual image giving an indication of how the latter evolved to its current state. The film does not endorse the lopsided power relations in our world but actually challenges them. Fans of "Calvin &amp; Hobbes" should rejoice at this sweet reminder and tribute to the best comic strip of all time, using some familiar frozen faces. A quiet teenage artist Rafe Katchadorian has a wild imagination and is sick of middle school and the rules that have been put before him. Rafe and his best friend Leo have come up with a plan: break every rule in the school hand book and as you expect trouble follows. A virgin looking to get laid instead gets a nightmare full of blood, sweat, ... and various discharges. The NRI's are back to Hyderabad after a long time. They accidentally brush against Ismail the local leader. Ismail comes to know that NRI are back again. He calls Salim and begin their hunt again to take the old revenge. A young Black man, raised in a White neighborhood, ridiculed for not being "Black enough" decides to go to the hood to hang out with his gangster cousin and discover what it really means to be "Black." He eventually faces the harsh reality of gang violence, drugs and police confrontation. Gopalsamy (K. Bhagyaraj) is poor B.A graduate who comes to city to earn money for his mother's eye operation. But he is not able to survive and earn his food. He meets a Brahmin priest who sells food with boys by changing their identity as Brahmin, Muslim, Christian depending upon the area they as a part sales tactic. The priest compels Gopal to change his identity as a Brahmin and set for selling food in the Brahmins area. But Gopal did not want to do so as he feels it is wrong to wear the sacred thread being a non-Brahmin. But circumstances compel him to change himself as a Brahmin. He sets off to perform Ganapati homam along with three other priests. Marlon, an insecure and not-so-attractive photographer, is hit with a spell that every night transforms him into Brando, a handsome womanizer. Things will get harder when the spell becomes his biggest obstacle to obtain true love. Joe reluctantly has his bachelor party even though his fiance just dumped him for some Dude. The movie portrays the unforgettable pleasures and sorrows among a kind and earnest acting instructor and his 17 good-looking students after entering the showbiz during their four years of college. Five friends struggle to find a place to play football in Mumbai. Sakir and ilyas have two opposite personality types. Their paths meet in the army. Sakir fools ilyas to escape from the soldier together and adventure starts.  Offering 1950s television audiences night after night of vaudeville-style hilarity, comic legends Abbott and Costello frequently used their hosting duties on "The Colgate Comedy Hour" as opportunities to revisit some of their most beloved routines.This wonderful collection of Bud and Lou's best bits includes "Getting Down Off a Duck's Back," "The Ice Cream Bit," "Oh! Charlie" with Lon Chaney, Jr., "Crazy Horse," "Who's on First?" in color, and more. Alejandro is on his patio and a woman's body falls down next to him. It's Julia and she is alive. Julia lives in the apartment just above Alejandro's, and from now on, these two phobic characters begin to connect their lonely lives. During a drug raid, a narcotics officer confronts a strange Voodoo priest named Dr. Death, who is chanting. The officer and the priest shoot it out and they both wind up dead. Later, the two rise from their graves and return to the land of the living as zombies. Dr. Death is resurrected with a new mission in mind, to take over the world. The "zombie" cop enlists the aid of his old police buddies to stop the mad priest. A young man and woman find love in an unlikely place while carrying out a shady deal. SUICIDE KALE is a dark comedy that finds Jasmine and Penny, a new couple with an uncertain future, struggling through a lunch party after they stumble upon an anonymous suicide note in the home of the hosts. Lucky has problems with his memory, and tries to impress Nandana's father so they can be married. A film directed by John Hunt A young man is held captive by a deranged surgeon and faced with the choice which can alter his life and the life of his loved ones forever.  A teen comedy about a nerdy teenager who creates an iPhone app to be his girlfriend. When she miraculously comes to life, things go hilariously wrong, and she tries to kill him. Noah, is not your typical entertain-the-kids-no-matter-how-boring-it-is kind of sitter. He's reluctant to take a sitting gig; he'd rather, well, be doing anything else, especially if it involves slacking. When Noah is watching the neighbor's kid he gets a booty call from his girlfriend in the city. To hook up with her, Noah takes to the streets, but his urban adventure spins out of control as he finds himself on the run from a maniacal drug lord. Sunderlal and Farooq who befriend each other in a strange situation. After which, they both encounter Pestonji, an old Parsi man who adds to their existing list of problems. A prestigious Stockholm museum's chief art curator finds himself in times of both professional and personal crisis as he attempts to set up a controversial new exhibit.  Two beefed-up twins (played by the Paul brothers, Peter and David, who have appeared in several programmers as The Barbarian Brothers) operating on opposing sides of the law, team up to stop a nefarious crook in this actioner. Peter Jade is a notoriously arrogant burglar who ends up with the key to an enormous underground cache of diamonds. David Jade is a cop who joins forces with Peter after greedy Philip Chamberlain, wanting the diamonds for himself, kills David's partner In order to save some kids who are about to die in a fire, Bibi, the daughter of a prestigious witch, manages to trigger a heavy rain with her powers. The head of all witches gives her an award called "Crystal Ball", reserved for older girls. German adventure film very much in line of Harry Potter, but in female version. Don't Forget Me follows three Moroccan families with children on the autism spectrum whose parents are struggling to teach them without any help from the government. Autistic kids in Morocco do not have a right to go to school, and when parents are able to find a classroom where their child is accepted, it is up to them to pay for it. The documentary was inspired by Jackie Spinner's two sons she adopted from Morocco when they were infants. The boys also are autistic and now living in the United States. Spinner, a journalist and former Baghdad bureau chief for The Washington Post, returned to Morocco with her sons in 2017 essentially to answer the question: What might have happened if they had stayed? John and Beatrice are a Fresh young wedding couple: he aims a brilliant career in the hotel A dove Works Company, she leads with ease of Success A radio transmission. Their Dream of Having a baby is realized very soon, but it carries with it considerable troubles: mood swings, hormonal upheavals, inevitable intrufolamenti Parenti, worries about the future. Everything is Changing. The Physical and psychological changes of torque, the power supply, Fears, EXPENSES, sex, continuous visits, clothing. What should fare? The newlyweds will face New Condition Spaesati In "comedy" that this happy event genres. A woman with no name teams up with a resourceful militiaman and a video-store clerk turned wandering gunslinger to rescue a scientist who may hold the key to ridding the world of the undead. Danny Ocean reunites with his old flame and the rest of his merry band of thieves in carrying out three huge heists in Rome, Paris and Amsterdam - but a Europol agent is hot on their heels. Scientists working at a government research facility use prehistoric DNA to resurrect a T-Rex who escapes from the lab to terrorize a nearby town. Three friends move a sofa, by hand, across London. Slowest road trip ever. The relationship between two best friends is forever changed during the course of one eventful night. Martin (Luis Fernandez) is the star of "Camp Blood", a hit TV show and one of the biggest teen idols of the time. One morning wake up locked in a huge house after a wild party with three girls I met last night. Through a mobile from which can't call, start receiving videos showing the deaths of younger locked in the house, run by a mysterious figure dressed as the murderer who appears in the series starring Martin. Vladica lost the only thing that mattered to him - an amateur karate championship. Now he's back in his home town looking for a job, love and redemption. Gori, a young idealist who spends his summer in Mallorca, tries to persuade his friends and his ex-girlfriend, to accompany him to the last summer festival on the other side of the island. What his friends do not know is that he is looking for a mysterious girl he met during the summer. In his 5th stand-up special, Paavam (Innocent) comedian Kenny Sebastian talks about moving cities, his parents and why he is a former nice guy. Two geeky video bloggers are sucked into a truly awful Z movie. On their return to the real world, they discover they have been pursued by the characters of the trashy films they adore. A mentally-disturbed aspiring actor returning to New York City discovers the world of social media and faces the horrifying power of the Internet. Strange, irresistible sensations in three interwoven, often humorous stories about love, faith and human will in a surrealist portrait of Spain. She could do the responsible thing. Or she could go to Ibiza with her best friends to chase down a hot DJ. Easy choice. An unprecedented access to a number of Saudi women in the capital city of Riyadh as they embrace the freedom that comes from being behind the wheel.The Saudi Women's Driving School is said to be the world's largest driving school, which caters exclusively to women since the ban on female drivers was lifted in 2017. A zombie kept in hiding by his niece and nephew for over forty years suddenly becomes famous when the world discovers he can talk and reason as though he were alive. As his popularity grows, he is discovered by zombie hunters who want to kidnap him and hunt him for sport. The morning variety show, a staple of television around the world, offers news and entertainment but TV host Shingo didn't expect to be himself the source of the news and entertainment. My Best Friend's Birthday is a partially lost black-and-white amateur film. The original cut was about 70 minutes long but due to a fire only 36 minutes of the film survived. It is about Mickey, who has been dumped by his girlfriend, and Clarence, who's trying to give his friend an unforgettable birthday. Abby Sen a struggling TV producer time travels to 1980 to find a job in a leading TV channel. In the Old West, a 17-year-old Scottish boy teams up with a mysterious gunman to find the woman with whom he is infatuated. When a boy invites 7 friends over to his Murder Mystery Themed Birthday Party, halfway through the evening, someone actually gets murdered, spurring on a full blown murder mystery. Hasmukh Gandhi has a simple philosophy: enjoy and let enjoy. But his stress-free life is interrupted when his daughter, Tanisha comes home with her boyfriend, Montu. While everyone in the Gandhi family has fallen for Montu's charm, Hasmukh sees him for the trickster he is. Not wanting his daughter to be entrapped, Hasmukh has found the perfect boy for her; one who is not only trustworthy, but also someone he knows will take care of her. The trouble is no one approves of his choice. Uncle Drew recruits a squad of older basketball players to return to the court to compete in a tournament. Laddu Babu is the story of a fat man, who tries to find a partner for marriage! A music-mad 16-year-old outcast at a rugby-mad boarding school forms an unlikely friendship with his dashing new roommate. Angelic hit man Lian Song does his jobs in Taipei then hides out in Okinawa while things cool down, biking to and from a cool bachelor pad that boasts a refrigerator stocked with a staggering variety of imported beers and bottled water. A natural loner with a romantic bent, Lian is admired by one young woman but instead woos the sad-eyed Yukiko. The elaborate meal he prepares for her should turn an indifferent woman into a lover. Yet, Yukiko, like Lian, has a secret history of her own. When Hunter gets sent to a dorky summer dance camp, he thinks he's about to have the worst summer of his life. But the quirky charm of the camp grows on him when he meets the passionate Cheyenne and joins her dance troupe to challenge the arrogant champion Lance in the camp's Legends of Dance competition. Fantastic story of the first half of the XIX century about a monk named Ivan who must fight the dark forces in his monastery. According to the rapid strides that electricity is making in this wonderful age we are not surprised to see in this picture an ideal hotel of the future in which everything is done by electricity. We see a couple entering the hostelry and, after registering, the clerk touches a button and away goes the baggage on to the elevator, which stops at the proper floors and the grips enter the room without the aid of anyone. Many amusing incidents follow. (Moving Picture World) History unfolds many truths. The more we dig in, the more we come to know about the realities of the past. But sometimes, some truths remain hidden and unventured. It is our wisdom and sixth sense with which we discover those hidden truths. The history of Kohinoor is one such example. Is the Kohinoor we know truly the Babur's stone? The hard facts of past strongly raises this question. What if the original Babur's stone is in our city of joy? In 2004 Wim Vandekeybus shot a 52-minute feature based on his successful performance Blush.  Carried by the music of David Eugene Edwards and Woven Hand and with texts by the Flemish author Peter Verhelst, Blush is a dazzling voyage swinging between the heavenly landscapes of Corsica and the slummiest depths of Brussels.  It is an exploration of the savage subconscious, of mythical forests, of conflicting instincts, of imagination, where the body has reasons unknown to the mind. In dance sequences of attraction, confrontation and repulsion the performers take on animal metamorphoses... A retired businesswoman - who tries to control everything around her - decides to write her own obituary. A young journalist takes up the task of finding out the truth, and the result is a life-altering friendship. Opposites attract when a broke, bohemian playboy actor falls for a sweet natured, career driven entrepreneur with a sexy identical twin sister. The plot revolves around two guys, Preet and Harpal, who are from a middle class family and are carefree and not concerned about their future. They keep making schemes to make themselves rich. Their father tries to teach them the facts of life and to be efficient and independent. Their mother however supports them in whatever they do no matter how frivolous. The film takes a hilarious turn when the boys meet two rich girls and make a plan to get involved with the girls to extract money from them. In order to do this they need to adapt to the girls lifestyles and borrow money from their father. The plot gets murkier when they decide to marry the girls. Secrets are revealed and criminals are involved. What happens next? Do the boys succeed in their plan? Watch the movie to find out. Two men strike up a conversation as they sit on a park bench. But nothing is what it seems. Frida wants a baby. But although she forces her boyfriend to follow a strict fertilization regimen, she's not getting pregnant. Just when she's about to resort to artificial means, her boyfriend dumps her. Suddenly, she's missing the most important pregnancy ingredient - the father. But Frida will stop at nothing to get her baby. A lonely man with an intention of documenting every important detail is planning to kill his ex-girlfriend within 72 hours only to realize things are not as easy as he previously imagined. After seven months have passed without a culprit in her daughter's murder case, Mildred Hayes makes a bold move, painting three signs leading into her town with a controversial message directed at Bill Willoughby, the town's revered chief of police. When his second-in-command Officer Jason Dixon, an immature mother's boy with a penchant for violence, gets involved, the battle between Mildred and Ebbing's law enforcement is only exacerbated. In Depression-era London, a now-grown Jane and Michael Banks, along with Michael's three children, are visited by the enigmatic Mary Poppins following a personal loss. Through her unique magical skills, and with the aid of her friend Jack, she helps the family rediscover the joy and wonder missing in their lives. Set during the 2009 Football season. Ben 'Zagger' Zagowski and Nick 'Polano' Polano, best friends and co-workers, buy a house in the parking lot of Lambeau Field (home of the Packers), and are forced to pick between a football fan lifestyle and a girl. Lives change. There's a cow. College students Danny and Sarah wake up one morning in bed next to each other after a night of hard partying, with no recollection of what happened the night before or how they met. Now it's up to them to figure it out. A young man falls in love with his childhood friends only to keep breaking up with them, not realising that he will always end up as a loser. Brice is back. The world has changed, but not him. When his best friend, Marius, calls for help, he goes on a wild adventure that will lead him to the other side of the world... Travel shapes youth but will he remain the king of the "casse" ? Rabbit Max, a juvenile shoplifter, gets trapped in an old-fashioned school. With rabbit girl Emmy, he acquires Easter Rabbits' secret skills, battles a sneaky fox family and learns about friendship. Twenty years old Slavik confronts a big problem: who to support - his Mom or his girlfriend Zhenya who are in a constant fight. It's the summer before 6th grade, and Clark is the new-in-town biracial kid in a sea of white. Discovering that to be cool he needs to act 'more black,' he fumbles to meet expectations, while his urban intellectual parents Mack and Gina also strive to adjust to small-town living. Equipped for the many inherent challenges of New York, the tight-knit family are ill prepared for the drastically different set of obstacles that their new community presents, and soon find themselves struggling to understand themselves and each other in this new suburban context. When Irene gets suspended, she must endure two weeks of community service at a retirement home. Following her passion for cheerleading, she secretly signs up the senior residents to audition for a dance-themed reality show to prove that you don't need to be physically "perfect" to be perfectly AWESOME. A comic book storekeeper, Dae-man, and the legendary homicide detective, Tae-su, who met on previous case quit their jobs to open a private detective agency. A wild holiday of the father of four and his family.  Comedy about a womanizing journalist on a Sydney newspaper who confronts job problems and impotence in the context of Australian media and politics of the 1970's. A somewhat lesser Australian film comparable to the American film Shampoo. Ben, a mechanic at a Johannesburg car dealership, and Linda, a beautiful, smart redhead, cross paths one night. He immediately recognises her as his boss's daughter, although she has no idea who he is. They're immediately attracted to each other, and, in a frantic and uncertain effort to disguise his identity, Ben lies to Linda and claims to be in a band. When their love blossoms unexpectedly and he decides that he wants to live up to his lie, he starts a band with a few fellow employees, and they enroll for a battle-of-the-bands competition. Helen lives in London with her father and her kids. John, her husband, is an aid-worker in Eastern Europe. He has been gone many months. Helen is desperately anxious that he should come home. Taking the kids to school one morning, she is killed in a car accident. She remains caught in limbo, trapped between life and death. Many miles away, in war-torn Eastern Europe, John is unaware that his wife has died. As Helen herself is unaware that she is dead. Thus begins, a four-day Odyssey: Grandpa and the kids must come to terms with Helen's death; John must travel across a war-torn land as he tries to reach home; and Helen must stand helplessly observing her own existence as it comes back to haunt her - until at last she is reconciled with John, and thus released. Aglae, a young factory worker, has only one focus in life: her job at a car crash test site. When she learns that the factory is going to be relocated abroad, she accepts, to everyone's surprise, to go to India in order to hold on to her job. Accompanied by two colleagues, she sets out on a perilous road trip to the other side of the world. The story of a man and his monsters.  Philippe Mars wants to please everyone. He wants to be a good father, a friendly ex-husband, a helpful colleague and an understanding brother. Unfortunately, his little world goes out of its planned orbit. His son becomes a hardcore vegetarian, his daughter a compulsive swot, whilst his sister exhibits giant paintings of their naked parents. At the office he must face the rampages of his mentally unstable colleague Jerome who one night turns up at his door with a young woman in tow who has just been released from a clinic. When a stuntman is mistaken for a police officer, he begins fighting crime. A post-apocalyptic tale, in which a lone man fights his way across America in order to protect a sacred book that holds the secrets to saving humankind. Riko, who will begin university in Tokyo in spring, journeys there from Hiroshima in February with her father to find a place for her to live. On their travels, they meet various colorful characters. The father remembers his late wife, and raising his daughter alone. Their fun time together is tinged with the knowledge that it is about to end. Rakugo performer Kyotaro Yanagiya appears in his first leading film role, and rising star Anna Ishii plays the sensitive Riko. The eccentric supporting cast includes Romi Park, Akihiro Kakuta, Keiko Yanagawa, Kei Ishibashi, LaSalle Ishii, and Momiji Yamamura. The story of a psychologist in a marital crisis who, except for his work and phobias of various patients, is dedicated to his family, two sons (struggling with first loves and school problems) and his father, grandpa Frederick. One day a new patient comes in to his office. Little does he know that this new patient is actually his wife's lover. In the year after graduating college, Izzy struggles to navigate the seemingly incessant failures of adulthood, the reality of a substandard dating pool and a debilitating fear of top-sheets, all in between X-Files marathons. Comically unsuccessful in love over the course the year, including five half-hearted relationships with astoundingly self-centered men, Izzy resigns herself to the support of her mother and sister, who are struggling with their own relationship problems. Seeing herself in them, Izzy gradually gains the confidence to be honest and vulnerable. It's 1984 and an inner city youth group goes on a one week camping trip. Its the first time they have been out of the city and the new kid is keeping a huge secret form the guys. A basketball-savvy teen reluctantly agrees to coach a brilliant but self-centered tech whiz who has lost everything when her startup goes bust and personal life is left in ruins. Discovering that success at her new job depends on becoming a team player in the office and on the company's, up till now, all-male basketball team, she enlists his help in a desperate attempt to save her job and her future-an experience that ultimately changes both of their lives forever. Dick and Suzy become infected with an unknown virus. They soon discover that they have a new found taste for blood. The problem is, they only seem to be able to suck blood out of their victims crotches.  A story about love, hate and loneliness, depicting several days from the life of two brothers. They work as track walkers on a railway somewhere in rural Russia. Max is a trendy, pretty, young lesbian, who is having trouble finding love. A friend sets her up with Ely, whom Max likes, but Ely is frumpy, homely, and older. Nor do they have much in common. Can Max learn to look past the packaging? Set 2 years after prior film "Bayside Shakedown 3: Set the Guys Loose," a major case occurs that has the potential to take down the entire police organization. For the next 3 days, Shunsaku Aoshima (Yuji Oda) and his colleagues struggle to unravel the case... One day, 300 year-old Namahage is caught in a trap. While being transferred he manages to escape. Wandering through the suburbs of Tokyo, Namahage meets 11-year-old Mamoru and he moves in at the boy's house without Mamoru's mother's knowledge. Mamoru struggles to hide Namahage from his mother. Meanwhile, bad pet shop traders seek out to capture Namahage. A musical, today? Such was the audacious challenge Gael Lepingle set himself - to paint a picture in period cinema of the French middle classes: so great in number and yet so rarely depicted on the silver screen. After La Prisonniere du Pont-aux-Dions and Julien, a coming-of-age story about a teenager in la Beauce, the film-maker continues his exploration of the French provinces. The setting: a village in the Tarn region in summer. The protagonists: the villagers. The story, however, is more hectic, the plot wending its way in vibrant colours through familiar territory - The Three Musketeers. In this musical, Dumas' celebrated characters - the musketeers, the queen, Richelieu, etc., swoon in living rooms with TVs on garish sofas, talk in the wistful quiet of the pedestrianized streets with ready-made ruins laid on, debate in the pharmacy, party in the miserably dingy village halls, their words sung in an attempt to contaminate the bleak surroundings.  Afonso is a university professor and a single father to his son Benedict. One day, they decide to take a trip together, but face problems when their car breaks down. They are helped by four very beautiful telemarketing operators who take them back to Sao Paulo. Life as a costumed mascot becomes a bizarre experience for a new recruit who joins an offbeat team of amusement park 'Characterz' for a summer job he'll never forget. Sofia makes a home-made video of her holidays travelling through the North Pacific coast with her friends Marielena and Clara. Marielena is obsessed with following the itinerary she made, but Sofia's irresponsibility and spontaneity force her to take new decisions. Meanwhile, Clara carries with the secret of a possible but doubtful pregnancy. After a road accident in Hungary, the American honeymooners Joan and Peter and the enigmatic Dr. Werdegast find refuge in the house of the famed architect Hjalmar Poelzig, who shares a dark past with the doctor. A naive young paladin with a prophesy, a drunken wizard, a barbarian, and a greedy rogue team up with a hesitant druid and a ranger to defeat an evil necromancer and a lich. A man leaves everything behind to travel aimlessly through France, letting himself be guided only by the people and landscapes he encounters: four days and four nights of wandering, during which his lover tries to locate him via Grindr, a smartphone dating app. Eleven-year-old outsider Stephan arrives at Castle Schreckenstein, an all-boys boarding school, where he learns about life within a community and soon finds himself being part of a funny 'pranks-competition' the boys are currently fighting against the neighboring girls of Castle Rosenfels. When the girls have no choice but to move to Schreckenstein after a failed prank, life at school is suddenly nothing like it used to be... Imagine a rusted, medieval film can having survived centuries, a long lost D. W. Griffith / Georges Melies co-production, a film left to us from the Bronze Age, a time when images were smelted and boiled rather than merely taken, when they poured down like silver, not to be fixed and washed, but free to form and coagulate into unstable, temporary molds, mere holding patterns of faces, places, and things, shape-shifting according to whim. A romantic comedy about Michael (Jason Alexander TV's "Seinfeld"), a loser whose recent girlfriend dumped him and to make matters worse, he discovers that his recently married brother Reggie (James Woods "John Q," "Scary Movie 2") is planning to knock over the credit union where their own mother (Bea Arthur TV's "The Golden Girls") works. Brad, Steve, Hue, and Marvin are four get-nowhere boys who are forced into summer school, ending up at Cockswell Academy under the supervision of Principal Arsenault. The boys play a game where they earn points for every girl with which they score. On misadventures of their own, they decide to go for the ultimate 100-point score, Mona Lott, the new French teacher. But when they're unable to get a shot at her, they end up in the unforgiving clutches of the principal. After all is lost, they take one final chance during the school's anniversary celebration. Dr. Sherif who works as a plastic surgeon, gets to know a young lady whom he falls in love with. But when he is introduced to her single mum he falls in love with her instead. Trying his best ways to get her attention. Subramanyam and Sita have a chance meeting in the USA. Their act of a husband and wife to win a 'best couple' contest lands them in trouble as they have to continue the act. But the feelings of their families are at stake. A shy British graduate student gets dragged on a wild road trip across America to a raging fraternity party by his soon-to-be stepbrothers, as his mother marries into a larger than life, all-American family. His worst nightmare.  When Chris meets Lily they spark a mutual connection instantly, it's not until he finds out she is a CamGirl that things start to get complicated.. When the daughter of veteran 911 call center operator Pamela, and her estranged husband Jeremy, a Senior Police Officer, is kidnapped and held hostage, they are left desperate, with no choice but to follow the kidnapper's rules: send messages through dispatch for all police and fire units to scatter to remote locations throughout the city where they are met with chaos. Not knowing who or why, the one thing they do know is if they fail to discreetly collaborate with one another - they will be solely responsible for facilitating the biggest crime in the city's history. Now they must race against the clock to make the choice of their lives - save the city - or save their daughter. Sequel of Comic 8. Eight agents of stand up comedian have a mission to locate the base of a mysterious gambling underground boss named "The King" The lovesick Doctor Proctor has traveled back in time in a desperate attempt to alter history. He wants to stop the wedding between his beloved Juliette and the terrible Claude Cliche, but is trapped in time. Lise and Bulle have to help him back. Documentary tracing the history of horror films from the silent period to the splatter films of the 1980s. Hosted by genre stalwart Vincent Price, segments include 'naked fear and terror torture'. includes clips from many Dick Randall productions 'Crocodile', 'Pieces', 'Queen of Black Magic' and 'Don't Open Till Christmas'. By God's mistake, an arrogant single lawyer turns into a mother of two kids! Yeon-woo, an ambitious lawyer never believes in love is about to start her new job at the biggest law firm in the states. A day before her departure she gets into a car accident and passes out. She arrived in heaven and realizes that she died instead of her namesake. The death manager LEE, to cover his mistake, offers her to live in someone else's body for one month. Yeon-woo now has to live as a mother of a 6 years old daughter with a mundane officeholder. Will Yeon-woo manage to live as an ordinary housewife? This is a Colombian remake of the Mexican movie "Nosotros los Nobles". Three rich adult children are tricked by their father into believing that they are bankrupt and have to go into hiding in an attempt to get them to become more self-reliant. A failed New York playwright stages a suicide in an attempt to win back her ex, only to wind up in the custody of her gambling-addict mother. Rocky is a discreet man. He is happy but exists in anyone's eyes. One evening in returning home, he discovered an owl "Grand Duke "on his couch that fixed intently. He understands that he must act. The next day arrived his office, he takes an owl costume without that nobody pays any attention. Until the day he encounters a panda ... An imaginative love story that centers on a struggling writer and brokenhearted waitress who find the ability to once again believe in love amidst a world both real and imagined. Widowed and in a professional decline, the legendary soccer player "Spider Salazar" lives lost in his own depression. His only inspiration is his daughter Tania, who can not stand to see her father in this state. With a lot of ingenuity and perseverance, Tania will help his father return to the field in order to restore his life.  The Rocky Horror Show was born at the Royal Court's tiny Theatre Upstairs on June 16, 1973, and went on to become an international stage smash hit and a major motion picture. 18-year-old Sean's first summer after completing high school is much spent with 28-year-old teacher Diane, who's husband is too often motorcycle-racing instead of with her. Wacko Ralph also has "the hots" for Diane; and it doesn't help that Sean was with Ralph's younger brother, Lou, when Lou died A middle-aged loser travels back in time to his high scool years to put his life on the right track. A young man comes to terms with his sexuality and his hidden love for his best friend. Eight secret agent who poses as 8 comics, back in action, to defeat the Casino King, once and for all.  Bethlehem tells the story of the unlikely bond between Razi, an Israeli secret service officer, and his Palestinian informant Sanfur, the younger brother of a senior Palestinian militant. Razi recruited Sanfur when he was just 15, and developed a very close, almost fatherly relationship to him. Now 17, Sanfur tries to navigate between Razi's demands and his loyalty to his brother, living a double life and lying to both men. Co-written by director Yuval Adler and Ali Waked--an Arab journalist who spent years in the West Bank--Bethlehem gives an unparalleled, moving and authentic portrait of the complex reality behind the news.  After a whirlwind courtship, retired movie star Eve Wilde prepares to marry her fourth husband, the renowned English writer Harold Alcott. Sparks soon begin to fly when Eve's first ex and other guests arrive at her estate for a weekend get-together. In 2007, in the midst of the drought and water shortages, the NSW State government has unveiled plans to tap into and recycle millions of litres of water trapped in a network of abandoned train tunnels just beneath the heart of Sydney. However the government suddenly goes cold on the plan and it is not made public why. There is talk of homeless people who use the tunnel as shelter going missing, even though the government states that there are no homeless people in there. This, and the silence from the officials and ministers, leads a journalist, Natasha to begin an investigation into a government cover-up. She and her crew Pete (Producer), Steve (Cameraman) and Tangles (Sound Technichian) decide to investigate the story in the tunnel. Polish movie  Sherry Graham, a self-destructive makeup saleswoman, hopes a new man and business venture will provide her a fresh start. After her plans are foiled, she takes control of her life in a dramatic turn of events. Masaatsu Naito (Kuranosuke Sasaki) successfully completes Sankin-kotai (required ritual to visit the shogun). On his way home, he hears that an insurrection by peasants has taken place in his hometown of Yunagaya. Masaatsu Naito knows that it is a counterattack by Matsudaira. He returns to Yunagaya, but finds that his castle is gone. Alan is a stylish tailor with moves as sharp as his suits. He has spent years searching tirelessly for his missing son Michael who stormed out over a game of Scrabble. With a body to identify and his family torn apart, Alan must repair the relationship with his youngest son Peter and solve the mystery of an online player who he thinks could be Michael, so he can finally move on and reunite his family. Joy a young man who leads a carefree life. Joy acquaintance Babu Joseph, an English professor, and they reminiscence some seemingly forgotten memories. The craft, creative process and complicated lives of Stand-up Comedians. A teenager boy leaves a moment of boredom while his father works on his old car, and the mother wishes to go out for a stroll around the block. One more relocated family post Hurricane Katrina. These two tales based on the best-selling books by R.L. Stine have a reputation for giving viewers goose bumps. In "The House of No Return," new kid Chris Wakely is invited to join a club of brave kids. But first, he has to spend the night in a notoriously spooky house. In "The Haunted House Game," Nadine Platt and her friend, Jonathan Hall, discover an abandoned game in the closet of a creepy house and find themselves sucked into another world. A narrative feature film inspired by the events known as the Beltway sniper attacks. A fast food clerk's life spins out of control when he meets a cute but murderous hitchhiker. Two wealthy aristocrats lure a virginal girl to a Spanish island for a night of sex, death and cannibalism in this Jess Franco's softcore version of "The most dangerous game". Robot mercenaries are sent on a mission to activate a machine that will bring about a new age of enlightenment. After posting a brash dating ad online, Marsha Day is thrown into the limelight when Perez Hilton shares the video with his legion of followers. Becoming a viral hit, Marsha is scooped up by a talent manager who creates a hit online channel based on Marsha's life and shenanigans. But as Marsha gains fame and fortune, she is forced to wrestle with her sense of identity in a celebrity-obsessed world. Things become hotter and more complicated when she's wooed by a handsome fitness entrepreneur who challenges her ideas of a fairy tale romance. Starring real Youtubers and innovatively told, Viral Beauty is an innovative tech-comedy not to be missed. One needn't be a cynic to recognize that a politician's persona is very much a designed thing, the product of various minds--and various agendas. Martin Marchand, the titular character, radiates charisma, intelligence and commitment--attributes that seem set to win Marchand his country's highest office. But as his team of advisers and creatives assemble at his country home to devise campaign strategies, it appears that not everyone present agrees that a Marchand presidency is a foregone conclusion. Driven by tragedy, billionaire Bruce Wayne dedicates his life to uncovering and defeating the corruption that plagues his home, Gotham City.  Unable to work within the system, he instead creates a new identity, a symbol of fear for the criminal underworld - The Batman. Encouraged by a film producer, two friends, Greg and Jonas, are writing a screenplay in a country house. As Greg's mind is distracted by his traveling girlfriend, Violette, Jonas decides to invite two girls to spend the weekend. Brittania: The First of the Last David McDoll is a selfish and wealthy man living an enviable lifestyle in his large villa and collecting fancy cars. However, his life is about to be changed forever when he inherits his six grandchildren. His glamorous lifestyle quickly becomes complete chaos. But he will learn a valuable lesson that teaches him about placing family first and discovering a newfound appreciation for life. The worlds of a depressed psychologist and an emotionally disturbed homeless woman collide. While trying to rescue her they fall in love, and each gets a second chance at a new life. Psychiatrist Dr. Lila Colleti is divorcing her husband and is devastated when he wins custody of their two little girls, whom he gets largely because Lila's job, being a psychiatrist for the criminally insane at the local prison, is a potentially dangerous one that forces her to keep long, erratic hours. When one of Lila's patients, Ed Baikman, is released into a half-way house, he decides under the delusional influence of his psychosis to help her out by murdering her ex-husband and his girlfriend, and then threatening to tell the cops they'd planned it together when she refuses to become romantically involved with him. Though Lila's lover, police detective Macy Kobacek, stands by her loyally, Baikman does such an ingenious job of implicating Lila in the crime that even Macy begins to have his doubts about Lila's innocence Free to Laugh is about the power of comedy after prison. Female Ex-cons hone their comedy chops through workshops and performing.  The two psychology students Sara and Simon believe they have identifed the reason behind the loneliness of our modern western society. They conclude that our need for self-realization through consumption leaves us with a sense of meaninglessness. An experiment is initiated and they gather a group of young people in an isolated house in the countryside. During the stay in the house, Simon gradually becomes a sovereign leader. What started out as a field study gradually turns into something more similar to a cult. Lobster Napoleon, crab sofritto tapas and jumbo shrimp with bacon vinaigrette are just a few of the sumptuous shellfish dishes chef David Forestell demonstrates in his cooking show, "Gaslight Gourmet." In these three half-hour segments, Forestell trades tips and quips with his wine expert buddy, Robert Mines, while making use of the ocean's bounty by whipping up one delectable dish after another. Hank Mason lives a modest life in his childhood home. He clings to a pretty girlfriend and works toward a lifestyle that doesn't really suit him. When his father is unable to care for himself and moves back in with Roy, he brings an unfulfilled history with him. Through an avalanche of troubles, father and son realize sometimes you have to break out to break in. Taeko's friend Maya confesses that she has a crush on Taeko's father. Taeko tells her father and mother. Taeko's mother laughs and Taeko's father acts like its not a big deal. Since then, Maya rushes to Taeko's father. The film centers on three friends who dislike politics, and the problems when one (Harbhajan Mann) becomes chief minister. Upon the illness of Cevahir's grandmother Hafize; a treasure map passes by the hand of Cevahir who is trying to find enough money for the treatment. Bilal, the enemy of Cevahir, picks up the smell of the incident and takes half of the map and heads for Ayvalik. Cevahir and Ulvi fall together on Ayvalik road. They all find themselves in situations, events, and troubles that they have never expected in a journey of search for treasure and adventure. This film about the story of two brothers who do not want to sell the carpet field inherited from their father tells a funny and sometimes sad dille to struggle to kill their dreams despite the difficulties and the neighborhood solidarity from time to time. Sequel to Lammbock. Stefan and Kai meet again after years. Stefan became a successful lawyer in Dubai while Kai is stuck in their home town. Kai has relationship issues and is trying hard to get in touch with his step son who is getting in serious trouble with some drug dealers. Can Kai and Stefan solve his problems? And what happened to their old friend Frank? Four very retired, ex-GDR spies, or "Kundschafter des Friedens" as they were officially named, led by the once legendary Jochen Falk, are called on by the German government. Their mission is to rescue the interim president of the divided Republic of Katschekistan, who has been kidnapped by separatists, along with Berlin's official man on the ground, Franz Kern. To keep Jochen and his maybe no longer so crack team under control, all of whom are determined to prove they were treated unfairly by history, they are put under the command of the young and enthusiastic BND agent Paula Kern. In an attempt to impress a woman, a young man stages a party and invites a few of his friends, forgetting they are all self-obsessed schmucks, himself included. A man forced to confront his past when he and his girlfriend end up entangled in a web of lies. As a palette cleanser comes Guinness for You, an artistic promo for a self-evident sponsor that avoids the dry lecture in favour of an entirely wordless, emphatically visual approach. A 44 year old guy gets out of jail and wants to become an actor. Adolescence is like a heavy rain. Even though you catch a cold from it, you still look forward to experiencing it once again.  Ko-Teng has several close friends who had a crush on Shen Chia-Yi. Those friends of Ko's thus moved in unison from Ching Chengs junior high school straight into the senior high school division in pursuit of her.  Naughty in nature, Ko was ordered by their homeroom teacher to sit in front of honor student Shen for her to keep close tabs on him. The two hadn't hit it off at first but Ko gradually fell for Shen, who was always pressuring him to study hard. On the other hand, Shen became impressed by the contrasting values Ko represented. Ko started pursuing Shen but Shen remained hesitant. This earnest Canadian film depicts a summer idyll of a love between two women. They spend their time talking about what love is, and discussing what that implies concerning actions they have taken or failed to take as they move about in the woodland or in the farmhouse they have rented. They are also briefly shown making love. A beautiful princess born in a faraway kingdom is destined by a terrible curse to prick her finger on the spindle of a spinning wheel and fall into a deep sleep that can only be awakened by true love's first kiss. Determined to protect her, her parents ask three fairies to raise her in hiding. But the evil Maleficent is just as determined to seal the princess's fate. A man without attachments or responsibilities suddenly finds himself with an abandoned baby and leaves for London to try and find the mother. Eight years later after he and his daughter become inseparable Gloria's mother reappears. Victoria Spick, a criminal lawyer who is single, turns up at a wedding and meets three men there: David, the father of her daughters; Vincent, a friend of hers; and Sam, a former drug dealer who she bailed out. The next day, Vincent is accused of attempted murder by his partner. A couple who have known each other since 8 are destined to be together until death do them apart. Rainer Dulsky, a professor of psychiatry from Switzerland, comes to Melania, the granddaughter of Mrs. Dulska. He feels he's got something in common with the tenement house in which the Dulski family live... Melania, a film director, intrigued by her family history joins Rainer in his research. Their discoveries will take them back to the past full of secrets that were meant to stay hidden forever. The Dulski family have much on their conscience... Is it possible to live a life completely independent of social and economic constraints, wholly at one with nature? In the picturesque mountains of Val Lavizzara in Ticino, several individuals have come together to form a cooperative society and live such a life. There is a plethora of chores to be done on the farm: animals to feed, fields to plough and tree trunks to be chopped. As the year progresses, more and more issues surface dividing the younger and older residents: how much technology is acceptable? How much compromise is necessary and reasonable? Is the amount of work done in balance with the results gained?  Along with a poetic gaze, director Hans Haldimann also shows the sometimes extraordinarily complicated side to a 'simple' self-sufficient life. This may be far away from the hustle and bustle of the city, but there are just as many problems to be faced. A young rogue is thrown into prison for the weekend, unaware that the guards are blood-sucking vampires and the inmates are their victims Documentary about rock pioneer Roky Erickson, detailing his rise as a psychedelic hero, his lengthy institutionalization, his descent into poverty and filth, and his brother's struggle with their religious mother to improve Roky's care. Joan Jett and Cherie Currie, two rebellious teenagers from Southern California, become the frontwomen for the Runaways -- the now-legendary group that paved the way for future generations of female rockers. Under the Svengali-like influence of impresario Kim Fowley, the band becomes a huge success. A young man decides to blackmail his ex for money and use the cash for his father's medical treatment. And thus, he sets in motion a long chain of blackmails that go all the way to a kingmaker in national politics. jefftowne is a 1998 documentary shot and directed by Daniel Kraus and distributed by Troma Entertainment. It chronicles the life of Jeff Towne, a 40 year old Iowa City resident who suffers from Downs Syndrome, obesity, alcoholism, and circulation problems. Towne also enjoys pornography and lives with his 90-year-old adoptive grandmother. What the Jatt is a nerve tickling adventurous comedy film about a young aspiring actor Raj and his best friend Fateh, who hail from a village in Punjab. During their efforts to achieve their dreams they find themselves in hilarious situations that lead to a chain of unexpected events. One mishap after another leads them to posing as detectives, to film makers to what not, creating mayhem of confusion and laugh riots. But like true Jatts, they overcome all challenges and emerge as winners! After the death of his mother, middle-aged insurance employee inherits her small cottage surrounded by a garden. Selling the cottage which is situated on unexploited ground near the center of a big city makes him a rich man and he buys a big house in the countryside. He takes some time off and decides to throw a big garden party at the house and invite all his colleagues from the office. Aided by alcohol, the guests gradually lose all their inhibitions and reveal personality traits and frustrations that they normally keep hidden. Written by Markku Kuoppamaki Amar, Akbar and Anthony are close friends living in Kochi. They enjoy a carefree life. Their perceptions and beliefs get shattered with an unexpected event and the resulting story forms the plot of the movie. For a successful DPS officer time to start a family, but he lives with his mother. When Petia decides to propose Olya marriage, his official car crashes into drunken pop star.  A portrait of artist May Wilson, former "wife-mother-housekeeper-cook" and a grandmother who, at age 60 after the break-up of her 40-year marriage, moves to New York City and discovers an independent life of her own for the first time. From touring with Kevin Hart, winning BET awards, and starring on television, Tony Roberts has done it all in comedy. In his brand-new concert film, I'm Different, you'll hear his hilarious takes on Eddie Murphy, parenting, sex and everything in between. You may think you've seen it all but Tony Roberts is different! The movie revolves around the lives of eight friends and their journey of growing up while they face the highs and lows of their relationships, love and romance, the end of their college days and the beginning of a new life. A cinic director and his assistant come back to Basilicata, their homeland, looking for redemption. 50 years aged and aristically loser, they try to shoot a rickety investigative movie titled "Il Vangelo secondo Mattei" in the same location where Pasolini filmed his "The Gospel According to St. Matthew" but focusing on the disasters caused by oil extractions in their wasteland of Basilicata, in the south of Italy.  As main character, they choose Franco, 70 years old, that was an extra in Pasolini film... A group of strangers come across a man dying after a car crash who proceeds to tell them about the $350,000 he buried in California. What follows is the madcap adventures of those strangers as each attempts to claim the prize for himself. The subject of this documentary is a straightforward one: presenter Andrew Wallace-Hadrill introduces us to the treasures of Herculaneum, the city close to Pompeii that suffered a similar fate as a result of the eruption of Mount Vesuvius, but which was covered under a far thicker layer of lava and other materials. Three women with mysterious pasts, a nerdy boy, a company man, and Jesus Christ himself all plunge into an absurdist nightmare when a giant and magical prism descends upon planet Earth and warps reality. Featuring Lloyd Kaufman, Blondie's Matt Katz-Bohen, and a special appearance by indie superstar Mac DeMarco. Freek is a 49-year-old advertising executive and media figure. He appears to have it all: he has won many awards in his field, has a great wife Iris and a ten year old adopted son Werner. Iris is 39 and a strong partner, professionally and personally. She's beautiful, smart and a workaholic. Freek is known in the advertising world as a charmer and womanizer. He meets a dazzling young woman, the 24-year-old Alberta, whom he falls for. She persuades him to go to the place she shares a name with; Alberta, in the Canadian Rockies. The plan is to escape life in the Netherlands and paint expressionistic landscapes of the Canadian scenery together. Boredom strikes sooner than anticipated and Alberta goes in search of adventure elsewhere, leaving Freek hopeless and alone. Can he handle life on his own? A haunted doll teaches one little girl why children shouldn't play with undead things. The story of teenager Billy Bloom who, despite attending an ultra conservative high school, makes the decision to run for homecoming queen. Based on the incredibly true story of a Spanish man with Multiple Esclorosis who tried to finish an Iron-Man: 3,8km swimming, 180km cycling and 42 running. And he was told that he could not make 100 meters. Jess is super excited to attend her step-sister's wedding and truly become part of the family, but after only recently finding out about her existence, her step-family are less than delighted about her presence on the big day. A 70 year-old Kentucky man loses sleep after purchasing a second-hand lamp from a flea market. An 11th-century Viking prince sails to America to find his father, who on a previous voyage had been captured by Indians. In this WW2 epic comedy - in the vein of "La Grande Vadrouille" - our two heroes, Max and Leon, two lazy and partier pals, will try by all possible means to avoid going in the battle zone... This will lead the duo to demented and wild adventures.   Katsu (Mitsuko Baisho) is a 73-years-old woman. She often makes trouble with her biting remarks. While raising a daughter alone, Katsu was unable to live the life she wished for.  One day, Katsu goes to a photo studio and takes a picture. She leaves the photo studio, but finds that she is now 20-years-old (Mikako Tabe) again. Katsu changes out of her grandmother clothes, picks out a more youthful style and names herself Setsuko Otori. Later, Katsu decides to take part in a singing contest held in a shopping district. Her singing fascinates the audience and she wins the contest. Katsu begins to move closer to her past dream of becoming a singer. Academy Award(r) nominee Ralph Fiennes (The English Patient, Schindler's List, Oedipus at the National Theatre) plays Jack Tanner in this exhilarating reinvention of Shaw's witty, provocative classic.  Jack Tanner, celebrated radical thinker and rich bachelor, seems an unlikely choice as guardian to the alluring heiress, Ann. But she takes it in her assured stride and, despite the love of a poet, she decides to marry and tame this dazzling revolutionary.  Tanner, appalled by the whiff of domesticity, is tipped off by his chauffeur and flees to Spain, where he is captured by bandits and meets The Devil. An extraordinary dream-debate, heaven versus hell, ensues. Following in hot pursuit, Ann is there when Tanner awakes, as fierce in her certainty as he is in his.  A romantic comedy, an epic fairytale, a fiery philosophical debate, Man and Superman asks fundamental questions about how we live. Death, the passage of time and eternity. Big topics, but seen from a new and original perspective in a film based on a simple idea: that one's sense of time ceases to function when one dies, and that one for a short - or in fact very long - moment has the chance to experience eternity. And to therefore live in a single memory forever. Which one would you choose? 'I Remember When I Die' takes place at life's last destination, a hospice, but is a poetic and vital journey into the borderland of consciousness, and right into a possible afterlife. Just when his time under house arrest is about to end, Scott Lang once again puts his freedom at risk to help Hope van Dyne and Dr. Hank Pym dive into the quantum realm and try to accomplish, against time and any chance of success, a very dangerous rescue mission. Paramjit Singh Duggal aka Pammi has problems bigger than his pet names. With competing expectations from his family, boss and girlfriend and an affinity for a weed and whiskey fueled night life, Pammi is left with very little time. A romantic couple get more than they expected after the husband's experiments with penis-enlargement cream go awry. Wait, this is not a porn story. Rather, it is an absurd science-fiction movie that features a curious new species, the Dickshark. In some ways this story asks the same questions that Mary Shelly did when she wrote "Frankenstein." Two cult members, Nigel and Job, decide to go on a road trip during their last two weeks on earth. Bucketlist in hand, motorhome fired up, the two head for the mountains of Scotland for a final fortnight filled with girls, skydiving, camping, alcohol and strange men claiming to be vampire slayers... Is this God's plan for Nigel and Job? Set in a near-future, militarized world marked by closed borders, virtual labor and a global digital network that joins minds and experiences, three strangers risk their lives to connect with each other and break the barriers of technology.  A young woman is forced to reflect on her first relationship when she inadvertently moves into her ex boyfriend's apartment building. Liz tries to keep her friend from making the worse mistake of her life. Remy is always between two planes, travels to Shanghai on business. During this trip, he takes the opportunity to cheat Dominique first with a woman, then with a man. Upon his return, his wife puts him out after showing him more than compromising photos of his Asian aspirations. American businessman Brian Chandler has a perfect life with a great job and beautiful fiancee. When his boss, renegade coffee mogul Calvert Jenkins sends him to Thailand to inspect a crop for purchase, Brian meets Ticha, a beautiful Bangkok executive who has long-since given up on the prospects of finding love. An ignorant couple from Naples is forced by a mobster to accept a luxury cruise as the prize for a bet. Four friends prank a Cabin in the Woods nightmare on their friend's honeymoon so well that it actually becomes The Cabin in the Woods horror in real life. A divorced playwright and his therapist ex deal with new relationships and their daughter. Chizuru (Anne Watanabe) is the new teacher at Umega High School. Since her school days, she has played violin in an orchestra. One day, she listens to an amateur orchestra play at the local cultural hall. She is touched by their performance and decides to enroll in the orchestra, but there are 2 orchestras in town. Chizuru mistakenly enrolls in the orchestra which consists of elderly people. The members there are thrilled to have a young person join their group. Chizuru is unable to tell them she made a mistake and becomes the conductor for their orchestra. A producer challenges a bunch of social media reviewers who have torn his recent masala film to come up with a good script in six months. In the future, an outbreak of canine flu leads the mayor of a Japanese city to banish all dogs to an island that's a garbage dump. The outcasts must soon embark on an epic journey when a 12-year-old boy arrives on the island to find his beloved pet.  Basing his plot on a farce by Plautus, Shakespeare caps the mayhem of his Roman original to build up a hectic tale of violent cross-purposes, furious slapstick and social nightmare. Baptista, a rich Paduan merchant, announces that his fair young daughter, Bianca, will remain unwed until her older sister, Katharina, a hellish shrew, has wed. Lucentio, a student and the son of a wealthy Pisan merchant, has fallen in love with Bianca. He poses as a tutor of music and poetry to gain entrance to the Baptista household and to be near Bianca. Meanwhile, Petruchio, a fortune-hunting scoundrel from Verona, arrives in Padua, hoping to capture a wealthy wife. Hortensio, another suitor of Bianca, directs Petruchio's attention to Katharina. When Hortensio warns him about Katharina's scolding tongue and fiery temper, Petruchio is challenged and resolves to capture her love. Hortensio and another suitor of Bianca, Gremio, agree to cover Petruchio's costs as he pursues Katharina. The King of Navarre and his three companions swear a very public oath to study together and to renounce women for three years. Their honour is immediately put to the test by the arrival of the Princess of France and her three lovely companions. It's love at first sight for all concerned followed by the men's hopeless efforts to disguise their feelings. Four tragicomic interconnected stories about how devoted Muslim men and women are trying to manage their love life and desires without breaking any religious rules. A mockumentary about a hopeless wrestling promotor who gambles it all on one tour with a dream team of professional wrestlers from the United States. Zoe Walker is a food scientist who's been sent to Colombia to design a coffee flavor that appeals to millennials. In the village of Salento, Zoe meets Diego Valdez, a local plantation owner who is reluctant to work with her at first, but allows Zoe to use his coffee beans so long as she helps him with the final harvest. As Zoe spends time working the land with Diego, romance begins to brew despite their very different roots. Two old school friends go on a disastrous stag weekend on the wilds of Bodmin Moor. Friendship is a trip. Director Kat Hunt compels her friend Erica to take revenge on the men in her life in this experimental documentary. A new romantic comedy feature film that brings together three interrelated tales of gay men seeking family, love and sex during the holiday season. Stars celebrate Bob Hope's 50 years with NBC. What starts as a crazy one-night stand ends up in a relationship. But Dharam and Shyra fall out of love just as quickly. Where will life take them now? A 'mockumentary' about David Moore, the filmmaker who first dreamed of "sharks in a tornado" and brought on disaster by using real sharks. The first SHARKNADO was to be a movie never seen, a crime never reported, a tale never told. Until now. A Las Vegas magician who performs at children's birthday parties convinces the woman of his dreams to be his assistant, while the local Mob guys try to make him disappear permanently. With commentary from Hollywood stars, outtakes from his movies and footage from his youth, this documentary looks at Stanley Kubrick's life and films. Director Jan Harlan, Kubrick's brother-in-law and sometime collaborator, interviews heavyweights like Jack Nicholson, Woody Allen and Sydney Pollack, who explain the influence of Kubrick classics like "Dr. Strangelove" and "2001: A Space Odyssey," and how he absorbed visual clues from disposable culture such as television commercials. In the latter part of the last century, Lu Xiaolu has just graduated from technical school and is currently working in a chemical factory. He hasn't a clue about what he will do in the future or how he should lead his life. Lu Xiaolu lacks skills. Moreover, he loves to play games, fight amongst his colleagues and is often found redoing poorly executed tasks. However, Lu Xiaolu is captivated by a beautiful young girl named Bai Lan, who he pursues and eventually falls in love with. Bai Lan in the end applies for graduate school and abruptly leaves for Shanghai... The first one-woman feature film, Golden Vanity tells the story of a Judy Garland-esque movie star over the course of one night in 1967 as she tape-records what she thinks are her memoirs but could soon become her suicide note.  In a solo tour-de-force, Melora Hardin (NBC's The Office & Amazon's Transparent) powerfully and painfully embodies the end product of the Hollywood use-them-up and spit-them-out machinery.  Drunk and alone in her empty mansion, Golden Vanity is Ms. Montgomery-Mayflower's last chance to preserve her horrifying and hilarious life story, one last shot to relive the glory days, before it's too late... Few not connected novels about the love. Few couples falling in love in different places of post USSR: Moscow, Georgia, Armenia. Mirko Talhammer is beyond himself when two strange guys show up in his noble insurance office and remind him where he really comes from: from a scrapyard in the provinces, where careers are not what counts, other things are more important: scrapping things, the family, and every once in a while, a nice fist fight. Mirko left all that behind, but his father messes things up big time when he dies and leaves his son the run down scrapyard - together with his brother Letscho. And Letscho is still ticked off that Mirko deserted the clan. But soon the brothers realize that the Talhammers only have a future if they can pull themselves together and fulfill their father's last wish: to rob a train like real professionals! The coup itself is like a suicide mission, but then Kercher, the Talhammer's biggest nemesis, gets wind of things...  There is one thing that Nicole, who is soon turning fifty, would have loved to be spared, is to learn that the symptoms that have been ruining her life for some time are not those of a latent menopause, but those of a real pregnancy! What a drag... Peng is a Chinese gangster boss. Arai is a Japanese gangster boss. Both have strong fighting supporters and gang members. Peng buys heroin for 1 million, hiding in a teddy bear. But the heroin is not real and the dollars are not. And, to make matters worse, a secret policeman emerges: Reason enough for the most magnificent fights of all kinds. At 40, Stephanie loses her job and is forced to move back in with her mother. She is welcomed with open arms to the joys of overheated apartment, Francis Cabrel playing on loop, Scrabble games and precious motherly advice on how to behave at the table and live her life. A paranormal-obsessed man mounts his own investigation into the beyond with his depressed best friend, misfit nephew, a cable access medium and an overeager security guard. Following the events of Captain America: Civil War, Peter Parker, with the help of his mentor Tony Stark, tries to balance his life as an ordinary high school student in Queens, New York City, with fighting crime as his superhero alter ego Spider-Man as a new threat, the Vulture, emerges. The struggling, not-so-young band members try to make their live concert successful back in their hometown. A day in the lives of two system admins named Dan and Randy as they annoy users, discuss office politics, and watch gophers at the coffee shop. After a couple of unfortunate events, all Rachel wants is a place to lick her wounds; only to discover her Grammy has been conned. As options run out to save Grammy's home from foreclosure, Rachel is forced to take matters into her hands. The only problem is; does this naive eccentric have what it takes to con a con? An elephant follows the Pink Panther home from the zoo. The 1970s punk rock movement: New York had the Ramones, London had the Sex Pistols, Australia had the Saints. Stranded takes a look at the role four musicians from suburban Brisbane played in the explosion of one of the all time greatest musical movements. Featuring interviews with the members of the band, including its leaders Ed Kuepper and Chris Bailey, as well as the likes of Sir Bob geldof, former Dead Kennedys frontman Jello Biafra and Buzzcocks guitarist Steve Diggle, Stranded examines how the oppresive and conservative government of Joh Bjelke-Peterson in the 1970s helped act as a catalyst for the rise of punk rock in Australia, and how as a result The Saints went on to be one of the most influential bands in the country. A young Scottish singer, Rose-Lynn Harlan, dreams of making it as a country artist in Nashville after being released from prison. "Frat Star" explores the alluring, superficial, manipulative, and dark world of Ivy League fraternity culture. An insecure, poor, and broken-hearted Nick enters freshman year with no interest in fraternities. This all changes when his old money roommate Billy convinces him to pledge. A young painter takes up French lessons with an elder lady to ensure he'll get a grant for a French arts institute. That way he meets Anna, a beautiful married woman nursing the lady's old father, and falls in love with her. Peter Rabbit's feud with Mr. McGregor escalates to greater heights than ever before as they rival for the affections of the warm-hearted animal lover who lives next door. 22-year-old Kanami is constantly conscious of people's gaze due to the birthmark on her face. Upon coming in to contact with the eccentric people at the beauty salon where she has begun working, Kanami gradually let's go of her past anguish. Four Punjabi-Canadians take a road trip from British Columbia to Mexico, and come to some realizations about their lives. Filmed at the Celebrity Theatre in Phoenix, AZ on February 15th and 16th, 2013, Oh My God is Louis C.K.'s fifth stand-up special, his first for HBO since 2007's Shameless, and his first since winning a Emmy Award for writing on his acclaimed show on FX, Louie.  Performed in the round in front of a live audience, he discusses such topics as the food chain, animals, divorce, strange anecdotes, broken morality, murder and mortality. A movie about standup comedy  It's Not A Race is a 'cinema verite' buddy road movie that chronicles two friends participating in a cross country scooter ride (think Vespas). Shot on the road, as it happened, from Vancouver to Maine during the 10 day 3,487 mile Scooter Cannonball Run. Grey Gardens meets Easy Rider. On scooters. To reunite their warring relatives, two cousins pretend they won the lottery for all the family to share, but can this insane plan bring the family back together? This is the third time that Vik and his family have moved to a different city. Vik is a shy child who finds it hard to make new friends, and whenever he finally does start to open up to someone, his father's job inevitably causes the family to up sticks and relocate to a different part of the country, and Vik has to start all over again. Luckily for him, this time he soon meets Mai and Oto in the city park. 16-year-old Kelly quits an elite gymnastics program and moves to Australia. To help out a new friend and show up an old rival she re-enters competitive gymnastics, she'll have to find a way to move forward while making amends with her past. Living ordinary lives in the small island municipality of Flaugstad, the fisherman Frank, his brother in law Magne and the smuggler Ronny is deeply affected by a ban on motorboats, and a corner stone factory in the island closes down.  While prior Siblings episodes found the Moore family at home, Heartstrings takes us on the road. During a family road trip, the Moore family break down outside a bed and breakfast, where they choose to spend the night. Jeff Moore soon notices that Jim Morton, the owner of the bed and breakfast, seems troubled.  Before long, Gator's curiosity and sleuthing abilities find him cross ways with a mysterious stranger in the middle of a secret treasure hunt, trying to unlock a family mystery. Siblings Series! This examination of a famous scandal from the 1970s explores the relationship between Barbara Baekeland and her only son, Antony. Barbara, a lonely social climber unhappily married to the wealthy but remote plastics heir Brooks Baekeland, dotes on Antony, who is homosexual. As Barbara tries to "cure" Antony of his sexuality -- sometimes by seducing him herself -- the groundwork is laid for a murderous tragedy. YouTube personalities Joe Sugg and Caspar Lee go on a road trip driving all around Europ The Man of Steel finds himself outshone by a new team of ruthless superheroes who hold his idealism in contempt. Keisuke Ninomiya (Yu Yokoyama) works as a construction consultant. Through his work, he becomes acquainted with yakuza Yasuhiko Kuwabara (Kuranosuke Sasaki). One day, film producer Koshimizu brings a movie investment proposal to yakuza leader Shimada. Shimada decide to invest in the film and he assigns Yasuhiko Kuwabara to oversee his investment in the film.  Film producer Koshimizu though runs away with their investment money. Keisuke and Yasuhiko struggle to get Shimada's money back from Koshimizu. A small town psychic gets in over her head when she becomes entangled with a local serial killer He is one of the top celebrities in the country: a fast-talking TV host, who can joke his way out of any situation. Women want to be with him, men want to be like him. He is looking for a new topic to discuss in his popular talk-show. She is a teacher at a musical school - a timid girl looking for Mr. Perfect on an internet dating site. He will help her realise her potential and teach her how to recognise various types of men for what they are, she will teach him what real life is about. The show will become a huge hit. It seems they are destined to fall in love and be together, but one day she actually does meet Mr. Perfect on the net. Erin and Garrett are very much in love. When Erin moves to San Francisco to finish her journalism degree and Garrett stays behind in New York to work in the music industry, they gamely keep the romance alive with webcams and frequent-flyer miles. But just when it seems the lovers will soon be reunited, they each score a big break that could separate them for good. Pandian, the son of a cop and a wannabe rowdy, falls in love with Kadambarai, a hearing-impaired girl, who wants him to take on Killivalavan, a gangster-politician who has murdered her parents. Feature compilation of four Biffle and Shooster comedy shorts--"The Biffle Murder Case," "Imitation of Wife," "Schmo Boat" and "Bride of Finklestein"--plus five additional songs and sketches. Kemal, high school student from Samarinda, Indonesia. Repeatedly failed in teenage love, the girl the he dreamed was Raisya, the prettiest girl in school. The problem is Raisya is Nanda girlfriend, (A school whiz). Kemal effort to captivate Raisya culminated in a duel between him and Nanda.  After graduate from high school Kemal move to Indonesia capital city, Jakarta. Unfortunately kemal still doesn't lucky in love. Kemal see the way to get the woman that his dreams is to become famous through the "Stand Up Comedy" stage (Indonesia TV Show). When a lonely suburban man turned gay porn producer discovers a hot, lucrative new star, he finds himself the target of rival pornographers who will stop at nothing to steal his money maker. J.D., a young man is at an important stage in his life of choosing a life partner.Looking like a plain situation which all youngsters go through, JD is accompanied by an unusual combination of problems, one of a persistent pressure of marriage from his mother and second of the astrological predictions surrounding them. Caught in a fix, JD fights the battle with his three friends, Sandy, Sumit and Deepak who have their own definitions of love. All three friends try different solutions to get JD's life sorted and plan to find a girl for him whom he can divorce. JD in the middle follows all the tricks and plans and ends up meeting Tia, a modern and independent girl who follows her own mind. But much to their surprise, the story unfolds differently and JD finds himself in a larger soup than he had imagined. Between following his mother or his heart, JD is caught in a problem that does not seem to solve. Harmless prank or violent revenge? Three high school students, sick of living in fear of bullies, plan the ultimate payback. But when their prank goes way too far, they come to realize that getting even can have deadly consequences. Packed with unpredictable twists and turns, this cutting-edge thriller pulls no punches and delivers a shocking conclusion you'll never forget. Just remember...no matter how sweet revenge might taste, there's always a price to pay When a radio host gets dumped by her boyfriend on-air and soon has her break up exposed even further by a shock jock, she needs to regain her confidence while working with the same man who humiliated her in front of his viewers. The Dalton gang is riding again, forcing a retired gunman to use his weapons once more. Sammy and Rosie are an unconventional middle-class London married couple. They live in the midst of inner-city chaos, surround themselves with intellectual street people, and sleep with everybody - except each other! Things become interesting when Sammy's father, Raffi, who is a former Indian government minister, comes to London for a visit. Sammy, Rosie, and Raffi try to find meaning through their lives and loves. The odyssey of a young Cape Breton woman as she moves to the big city (Halifax) and supports herself after the birth of her illegitimate child by posing for college art classes, on her way to becoming an artist in her own right. The story of a young editor lost in a Lisbon for tourists, a decaying film industry, and demonstrations for a hopeless generation. After graduating from college, getting dumped by his girlfriend, and witnessing a robbery, a young man is forced to go on an all night adventure with a mysterious woman and her band of misfits. Saban's Power Rangers follows five ordinary teens who must become something extraordinary when they learn that their small town of Angel Grove -- and the world -- is on the verge of being obliterated by an alien threat. Chosen by destiny, our heroes quickly discover they are the only ones who can save the planet. But to do so, they will have to overcome their real-life issues and before it's too late, band together as the Power Rangers. A young woman returns home to Wisconsin for her best friend's wedding and the one year anniversary of her father's death. While a gang of high school girls randomly beats lone men at night, the photo of a young woman who has been declared missing is used to design a template which is painted on each wall of a small suburban town.  It is believed that Life originated in the Sea, and like the Ocean itself, human existance is thus subject to tides and surging currents of emotions stirred up by memory. The life of Krister has become an unending nightmare, ever since his wife's death. There seems to be no respite for this man, tormented by the errors of his past and held prisoner by a grim daily existence. When a town learns that Santa Claus has struck it off his delivery schedule due to an insulting letter, a way must be found to change his mind. Documentary about a bankrupt Jordanian entrepreneur and an unemployed Irish actress who hatch a plan to scam PS2.5m off the British taxman by faking the production of a PS20m movie. But they are found out, arrested and then bailed. While out on bail, they decide to prove their innocence by actually making a film. They hire a former nightclub bouncer, now a self-made micro-budget gangster film director. In 2011, Paul Knight makes their movie for under PS100,000 with a cast of soap and gangster movie stars including Danny Midwinter, Marc Bannerman and Loose Women's Andrea McLean. The film's title is A Landscape of Lies. But the cinematic alibi does not convince the jury when the trial runs in 2013. The producers are convicted of tax fraud and given long sentences. Karen Cooper wants to domineer her family and believes she's its pillar. In fact she does everything wrong. Thus she messes up all their lives and futures, rather then help her loved-ones. A Heist movie in which two victims of the grasping GREEDY BANKERS decide it's time for a special kind of revenge.  The Ballad of Oppenheimer Park is a film that celebrates the everyday life of a group of Indigenous people, exiles from Canadian reserves, who, over a fleeting summer, hang out in a contested park in Vancouver. Through direct participation in the filmmaking process, the day to day becomes a ceremonial space in the ongoing confrontation against law and order. Silver-tongued  Jimmy  Skinford  is  on  the  run  with  the  only  person  he  can  trust,  Zo-phia,  a  woman  hunted  by  every  underworld  crook  in  town  for  her  coveted  curse  of  immortality.  To  stop  the  relentless  onslaught  of  violence  and  get  their  lives  back  they  must  search  through  Zophia's  past  to  fnd  a  cure.  But  what  future  can  you  have  when  your  survival  depends  on  losing  the  one  thing  keeping  you  alive? A quest movie, via Los Angeles public transport. A middle aged woman in a bridal gown boards a city bus on Hollywood Blvd. in the middle of the night. Throughout the night she meets an assortment of eccentrics and social outcasts who shape the course of her bizarre journey. Denis struggles to raise his boisterous daughters Janine and Mercredi on his own while holding down two jobs. Everything goes sour when Denis forgets Mercredi one too many times at the school gates. Severine, a cheerful social worker, is appointed to scrutinize the family's daily lives.   Cursed since childhood, dentist Charlie Kagan cannot find the right woman. Even worse, he learns that each of his ex-girlfriends finds true love with the man she meets after her relationship with him ends. Hearing of Charlie's reputation as a good-luck charm, women from all over line up for a quick tryst. But when Charlie meets the woman of his dreams, he must find a way to break the curse or risk losing her to the next man she meets.  Je-In (Ha Ji-Won) is a mystery novel writer. She chases after a serial killer with her longtime friend Rok-Hwan (Chun Jung-Myung). Rok-Hwan is a detective. A handsome and mysterious man, Jason (Chen Bolin), appears in front of them.  Born into a wealthy family, Xiao-wei lives a carefree life with his loving mother's care. He enjoys reading picture books written by his favorite author Kauff, especially those works about mermaids. One day, he accidentally takes the wrong bus, arrives at the seacoast and meets a mermaid, Blue. He believes Blue is the embodiment of the character in those picture books. Since then, Xiao-wei's "normal life," has become not "normal." omnibus  film A mentally disturbed car mechanic, with a deep fascination of Aztec culture, is convinced that if he consumes enough human eyeballs, he'll possess the ability to see in the future. An absurd U.S. senator (William Powell) runs for president, armed with a press agent (Peter Lind Hayes) and a diary of back-room deals. The director embarks on a journey to reveal the story behind the legendary Cafe Nagler, owned by her family during the 1920s in Berlin, and finds that historical truths can be overrated. In a small American coal town living in the shadow of a recent mining accident, the disappearance of a teenage boy draws three people together--a surviving miner, the lonely wife of a mine executive, and a local boy--in a web of secrets. To amuse themselves during the winter school break, the kids in a small village decide to have a massive snowball fight. Luke and Sophie, both 11 years old, become the leaders of the opposing sides. Sophie and her cohort defend an elaborate snow fort against the assault of Luke's horde. Whichever side occupies the fort at the end of the winter break, wins. But what starts out as pure youthful fun and enthusiasm deteriorates into a more serious conflict.  Joy is restored when all the children decide to attack the fort rather than each other and happily destroy every last bit of the snow fort. a film by peter hutton Frank Castle is staying in a bad neighborhood, where he encounters a gang that terrorizes its residents. A Las Vegas magician who performs at children's birthday parties convinces the woman of his dreams to be his assistant, while the local Mob guys try to make him disappear permanently. An in-depth and intimate portrait of Coldplay's spectacular rise from the backrooms of Camden pubs to selling out stadiums across the planet. At the heart of the story is the band's unshakeable brotherhood which has endured through many highs and lows. Michael has a routine. Every day at noon, he heads to his favorite local park where he sits and enjoys the sun on the same bench. However, this time is slightly different, he is greeted by a mysterious woman who soon seems to know everything about him. However, he doesn't recall ever meeting her. The heir to an oil fortune trades places with a water-ski instructor at a Florida hotel to see if girls will like him for himself, rather than his father's money. By teaching a teenage boy how to win over a girl, a crusty bookstore owner learns to resolve his own romantic troubles. Beth Harris is getting married. The only problem is, she already has a husband; pro-surfer,Sonny Baker. Getting a divorce gets a lot more complicated as they reconnect on Newport Beach. An old man reminisces about a distant homeland. He wants to return. Internally displaced as a result of the ongoing conflict between the Pakistan army and the Taliban and forced to live in a camp, the family is caught between memories of what life was, an insecure present and a bleak future. Bella once again finds herself surrounded by danger as Seattle is ravaged by a string of mysterious killings and a malicious vampire continues her quest for revenge. In the midst of it all, she is forced to choose between her love for Edward and her friendship with Jacob, knowing that her decision has the potential to ignite the ageless struggle between vampire and werewolf. With her graduation quickly approaching, Bella is confronted with the most important decision of her life. Kiyotaka Sato (Shuhei Nomura) is a university student. He is sociable, but he looks like he doesn't have interest in those around him. During his summer vacation, Kiyotaka Sato plans to get his driver's license to impress schoolmate Matsuda (Yukino Kishii).  At this time, a yakuza boss (Ken Mitsuishi) orders Todoroki (Kento Kaku) to get his driver's license. Todoroki doesn't show his feelings outwardly.  Later, Todoroki drives a car without a driver's license and he hits Kiyotaka Sato. To cover up the accident, Kiyotaka Sato is placed in a car and taken to away. He arrives at an unofficial driving school. The driving school is run by the Uehara family. There, Kiyotaka Sato and Todoroki learn that they graduated from the same high school. They spend their summer at the driving school. One morning, Lily and Ben wake up side by side in bodies that are not theirs. And Magalie, a little girl in the body of a tall, bearded, awaits them in the guest room. This is the beginning of an incredible adventure, sometimes initiatory, where the bodies and identities will be reversed at the option of a simple hug. Clara and Ray are newly engaged. As they gather family and friends together for a dinner party to make an announcement, what begins as a celebratory evening turns into disaster as secrets and skeletons surface. One night, one mistake, one dinner changes the lives of four people. When a young man gets seduced into helping with the removal of a dead body, he must find out the truth behind the corpse before he loses his life or gains a fortune. It's a madcap comic heist film with a lot of heart. The swinging London, early sixties. Beautiful but shallow, Diana Scott is a professional advertising model, a failed actress, a vocationally bored woman, who toys with the affections of several men while gaining fame and fortune. A comedy about alcoholism that follows the relationship between Mateo and his best friend, who always gets drunk. The Angrez is a 2006 Indian comedy movie directed by Kuntaa Nikkil. In this movie, the word "Angrez" refers to English people and non-resident Indians.  The movie was a trendsetter in that, it was one of the first to effectively and humorously, often resorting to the slapstick kind, portray the dialect of the Old City and the Hyderabadi tongue. The film also portrays the fascination for American materialism, the hype around the IT industry and the lifestyle and culture it has spawned. Redefine success through the eyes of comedy's everyman, Rick Crom. A punk band decides to hire a keyboard player in order to change their sound, despite the fact that this talented musician has Down Syndrome. Emily Walters is an American widow living a peaceful, uneventful existence in the idyllic Hampstead Village of London, when she meets  local recluse, Donald Horner. For 17 years, Donald has lived--wildly yet peacefully--in a ramshackle hut near the edge of the forest. When Emily learns his home is the target of developers who will stop at nothing to remove him, saving Donald and his property becomes her personal mission. Despite his gruff exterior and polite refusals for help, Emily is drawn to him--as he is to her--and what begins as a charitable cause evolves into a relationship that will grow even as the bulldozers close in. Set in 1970s Naples, bullied nine year-old Peppino is watching the world around him as his extended dysfunctional family change. Psychedelic flower power and hippie love is threatening the old traditional southern Italian family. Dad is having an affair and Mom has taken to her bed with depression. Super-mod brother and sister Titina and Salvatore take the boy under their wings, introducing him to demonstrations and love-ins, whilst caped superhero Gennaro visits Peppino even after being knocked down and killed by the number 12 bus. It is the imaginary appearances of this older superman cousin that help the nine-year-old navigate the complicated adult world. Diego, Manny and Sid return in this sequel to the hit animated movie Ice Age. This time around, the deep freeze is over, and the ice-covered earth is starting to melt, which will destroy the trio's cherished valley. The impending disaster prompts them to reunite and warn all the other beasts about the desperate situation. It's Halloween and Barney and his friends are decorating the gym for an exciting party at the school. From Indian corn to smiling jack-o-lanterns, the gym is aglow with the colors of fall. Meanwhile, BJ and Baby Bop are putting the final touches on their costumes as they get ready for a fun-filled night of trick-or-treating. Fred Midway may be a bit short on brains but he's got plenty of ambition. However, before he can gain promotion as a salesman he must make his family more socially acceptable. Comedian Lou DiMaggio contemplates a comeback after a 20 year absence from the stage and seeks advice from a collection of comedy greats. A pregnant widow, believing herself to be guided by her unborn child, embarks on a homicidal rampage. A young man named Sherman survives the apocalypse in a soviet-style alternate reality and when trying to find his place outside an isolated city, gets stuck in an underground bunker. The Swedish artist Mans Mansson has placed a fictional character in a real environment to explore the fascinating new relationship that has arisen between Africa and China, where democracy is one commodity among many others. No dialogue was written in advance, and the minimal story about the worthless t-shirts is just a pretext to conduct a cinematic experiment set in the Chinese city, where tens of thousands of African migrants are in the process of establishing themselves and creating a new life, in a historical parallel to the exchange that has always taken place between East and West. But this time, the West is not invited to the party. However, the reference to the lost souls in the American photographer William Eggleston's film of the same name suggests a tragicomic and existential absurdity independent of time and place. When a mayor running for re-election is caught on video smoking crack, he'll do whatever it takes to keep it out of the wrong hands.  A Chinese teacher in Busan awaits 3 of his friends to spend holidays together in Jeju Island, Korea. Secret gangsters, Sexy Korean woman, old policeman and pastors exist in their tour one by one. The tour became a mysterious and unknown adventures. A look at the friendship between two guys that spans over many years. A spoiled Hollywood actress struggles back to civilization after the crash of her private jet botches a kidnap attempt, leaving her stranded in the jungle with her irritating assistant and her inept hijacker pilot. Lovely Te Lovely is a Punjabi feature film. It was released on 24 July 2015. An opportunist short filmmaker takes his unsuspecting girlfriend to an out-of-city bungalow with the wrong intention, but runs into a ghost who cannot tolerate promiscuous men. Sankarabharanam is a remake of the Hindi sleeper hit - Phas Gaye Re Obama. The film tells the story of an NRI from America who is on the verge of bankruptcy. He finds out that he owns a palace in India and travels there to try and sell it. However, on his arrival, he gets kidnapped and then keeps getting passed on from one gang to another for higher sums of ransom. Here starts a crazy ride of that leaves everyone involved in it completely befuddled. Gage and Christian serve as two exceptional bellmen at the JW Marriott Marquis, Dubai. They are forced to save the day when an important guest leaves a precious USB key in an Emirates car. The Bellmen must track down the car and return the USB key in time. They travel through Dubai using a "Dubai Shortcut" that entails comical and amazing stunts; while also trying to avoid the "BioBot" Robots along the way. Mitya accidentally proposed to his girlfriend. The problem is that Mitya is already married to Vasya, who refuses to grant him a divorce. Can Mitya and his friends convince Vasya to change her mind? Ugo, magician and "grouchician" (as he defines himself), lives from drink to drink in a crowded, eclectic working-class neighborhood that seems like a setting from another era - a place where working is frowned upon and one can have anything except for obligations. There, he drags his feet on an existentialist nighttime walk, wandering through the labyrinthine refuge of the neighborhood streets in his own mind. After a girl goes missing, two of her friends and a mysterious set of strangers find themselves drawn to the cabin in the woods where she disappeared. They will laugh, they will drink, they will kiss, they will make love, and THEY MUST ALL DIE. Lowly theme park mechanic Sam dreams about his childhood sweetheart Sue. With the mistaken belief that only a bling ring can win the girl of his dreams, Sam plans the most perfect night to propose to his one true love. But when super villain Oscar shows up with his own evil ring that could destroy the city, Sam's plans are thrown into utter disarray. Mistaking each other's rings for their own, Sam teams up with his robot super heroes to track down his engagement ring and save the city... learning that it's not about the size of the bling, but the size of your heart. Imprisoned on an unfair charge of fraud, a mild-mannered Jordanian contractor discovers that prison has its own rhythms, rules, and economies -- and he soon begins to carve out a position for himself in this place where fraud isn't a crime so much as a way of life. Debbie Ocean, a criminal mastermind, gathers a crew of female thieves to pull off the heist of the century at New York's annual Met Gala. Everyone deserves a great love story. But for seventeen-year old Simon Spier it's a little more complicated: he's yet to tell his family or friends he's gay and he doesn't know the identity of the anonymous classmate he's fallen for online. Emilia, who suffers from a terminal illness, embarks on a journey with her best friend Violeta. On their way they meet Mark, who claims to be an alien on a mission to destroy the planet for considering humanity (and love) a virus. However, Mark begins to doubt his mission falling in love with Emilia. In two weeks absence of his wife, a young brilliant architect has to look after his two little girls as a clueless father. In the meantime he got a deadline of the most important project in his career. When Ripley's lifepod is found by a salvage crew over 50 years later, she finds that terra-formers are on the very planet they found the alien species. When the company sends a family of colonists out to investigate her story--all contact is lost with the planet and colonists. They enlist Ripley and the colonial marines to return and search for answers. Still bitter from a recent divorce, martial arts instructor Clever discovers a car tricked out with flames in his neighborhood and sets out on a single-minded quest: to find the artist and treat his own vehicle. His journey leads to a secluded village, and to an enigmatic personality who isn't quite what he expects. Delightfully odd and idiosyncratic, Clever is an absurd satire of the fragile facade of masculinity.  The story of Michael and Richard Henderson, two stepbrothers from West Virginia who saw an opportunity in the burgeoning VHS market in the 1980s and made their own backyard horror movies, "The Curse of Stabberman" and "Cannibal Swim Club." These films would've been long forgotten, but a recent resurgence in horror fans collecting rare VHS tapes has put the Henderson Brothers back in the spotlight. Thanks to their biggest fan, they're sitting down for their first on-camera interview and looking back on their movies - but they might not be as good as they remembered! Todd grew up under the strange shadow of his older mentally challenged brother Shonzi. As kids, Shonzi forced Todd to make action movies. As adults he pressures him to share love life details, even showing Shonzi a sex tape he made with an old girlfriend to help him cope when family tragedy hits. When their dad suffers a heart attack, Shonzi (now 40, and still a virgin) moves in with Todd and his new girlfriend Lindsay. Shonzi wants desperately to be included in their relationship like old times. When Shonzi's begging become threats to reveal secrets from their past, Todd must find the courage to be honest with Lindsay, even if it means the end of their relationship. High school student Yuki Hase (Kento Yamazaki) wants to become close with classmate Kaori Fujimiya (Haruna Kawaguchi) who is alway by herself. Kaori Fujimiya refuses to become close with Yuki Hase, because she forgets her friends every new Monday. Even though Kaori tells Yuki why she doesn't want to become friends, Yuki still wants to become close to her. Tom is a nice guy, and that's his problem: Real women don't like nice guys. No surprise that he has never gotten laid. On graduation day and amidst laughter, he is presented with Fixi, a lifesize sex doll. How embarassing! But the next morning, Tom awakes next to a real woman - Fixi came to life. Attractive Manhattanite Allison Jones has it all: a handsome beau, a rent-controlled apartment, and a promising career as a fashion designer. When boyfriend Sam proves unfaithful, Allison strikes out on her own but must use the classifieds to seek out a roommate in order to keep her spacious digs. Woodstock with a death wish. Canadian artists break into the American comics industry. no movie overview Four men, betrayed by the bank, unite to take revenge. When Max Taylor wins the ancestral home of Callum Chance in a game of Poker, little does he realize that the game is far from over... One by one, Max's family are murdered by the Funny Man, a demonic jester with a varied and imaginative repertoire of homicidal techniques and an irreverent sense of humor. Meanwhile, Max's brother is on his way to the mansion with a bunch on hitchhikers who will be lucky to survive the night. After his wife's death, Claude struggles to appear normal while living with a Secret. "Kickin' It Old Skool" revolves around a 12-year-old breakdancer, who in 1986 hits his head while performing at a talent show and as a result is comatose for 20 years. He awakens to find he is a grown man. With the mind and experience of a young kid, he attempts to revive his and his dance team's short-lived career with the hopes of helping support his parents' failing yogurt shop. A short film about a robot programmed for love who wants to fix the humans who do not love him back. Amy Tyler has planned the perfect surprise vacation for her boyfriend Josh Merit. But the real surprise is on her when he breaks things off on their anniversary. Stuck with reservations in her ex-boyfriend's name, Amy's two best friends suggest if Amy can't change the tickets ... why not change the guy? Explore Emily Dickinson's vivacious, irreverent side that was covered up for years -- most notably her lifelong romantic relationship with another woman. American religious extremism collides with independent filmmaking when Harmony Hope Bryant sets out to create a cautionary movie about the dangers of roleplaying games. Every woman gets one last night to go a little wild. Surrounded by her best friends, Jess sets out to have the most memorable bachelorette party ever. But a few unexpected surprises turn her last day of freedom into something terrifying. Nony Geffen, a 30 year old student living in Tel Aviv with his roommate Rotem, is a musician and is secretly in love with Hadas. He is called up for a military operation in Gaza .  The APC, in which he and his unit are riding, is hit by a Hamas rocket. Nony is the sole survivor.  He comes back from Gaza a different person and is cared for by his parents and a military psychiatrist.  After lengthy psychiatric treatment Nony starts to communicate again - only now he is convinced that he is 'Amnon', the deceased uncle for whom he was named.  Amnon had been an unrecognized singer. Nony is not a singer and now he doesn't even remember how to play. At first, when Nony performs, people laugh at this strange guy but then he becomes a phenomenon. When he is at the height of his success on the one hand, but also at the height of his mental disorder, Nony meets Hadas again. The story is set in a world where a tokusatsu hero TV series "Outer Man" has gained national popularity for 50 years (just like the Ultraman series). One day, a giant alien looking exactly like Outer Man appears in Japan. The truth is soon revealed that, unlike the story in the TV series, Outer Man is an evil alien who has been trying to brainwash Japanese people to invade the earth. The actors who played the hero in the TV series decide to fight against the real Outer Man by transforming into the villain alien in the series, Sylvie Seijin. Operation Christmas List (2016) TV-Y | 1h 28min | Family | 10 December 2016 (USA) 12-year-old Barney is on a mission to get what he really wants for Christmas this year. He hatches a plan to beat the Christmas rush and buy the entire stock of the most sought after gift, ... The story is based on 2014 Mille Miglia and encompasses eighty-five years of the race, from early 1930s to the present day, mixing life, memories, mystery and excitement of its characters who are brought together by the love for cars and separated by long-time secrets. They are fascinated by the presence and the story of a fabulous OM 665 Superba - a car built in Brescia, who won the first edition in 1927 - taken to pieces and forgotten for so many years. A poor aspiring filmmaker juggles between intermittent assistant director-work and distributing flyers on the street. He marries a Thai woman who moves in with him without a decent wedding. She struggles to adjust to life in Korea, learning Korean while searching for work. Unfortunately things are not so easy, and her husband's dream of becoming a filmmaker just seems like a mirage. The man breaks his wife's heart when he brings her recycled clothes from a female filmmaker friend or accepts a TV network friend's request to shoot him for a program introducing the daily life of an assistant director who has no hope of breaking into the business. His wife is ashamed that their life is considered miserable and that their poor state will be broadcast on national TV, nevertheless the man takes no account of her feelings. She cannot take it anymore and declares she is returning to Thailand. A heart warming comedy about a grumpy old man, who is confronted with a group of migrant workers and has to challenge his prejudices. Kostya and David are childhood friends, but as adults they are destined to test their friendship. David plans to propose marriage to his beloved Anna and Kostya hopes to reach the International Poker Championship Finals. Two seemingly unrelated events will become decisive in the lives of these friends: David has to win at poker, and Kostya has to save David's wedding. Can the two friends successfully swap places? Two guys fall in love, and then deal with the fallout of their love. The music video was originally released as three separate music videos. 'Salt Mango Tree' explores certain systems at work in the current educational and social establishments and how aspirations are high to climb the haloed social ladder of the expected norm.  Kie Hirano (Haruka Ayase) is an ordinary OL who often daydreams. Mitsumasa Kodai (Takumi Saito) at the same company as Kie Hirano, but he is an elite salaryman. He is the eldest son in the Kodai family and he is also telepathic. Mitsumasa Kodai got his special ability to read other people's mind from his British grandmother.  Mitsumasa becomes attracted to Kie's warm heart and her dreamy temperament. They begin to date and enjoy their days together, but Mitsumasa Kodai's mother calls. A wonderfully charming and bittersweet story about teenage friendship, idealist dreams and a city that transcend changing times, this rare Hong Kong-produced gem influenced by Hayao Miyazaki and Shunji Iwai sweeps with nostalgia. In search of an answer for her broken marriage, Gigi (Miriam Yeung, Love in the Buff) journeys into her shiny high school year memories only to discover a deeply hidden secret that will transform her life. unReal is for those of us who escape. A film that celebrates breaking free from the confines of reality and venturing into a boundless world. This place isn't remote or hard to find, and yet many never see it. Here, glacial walls transform into mountain bike trails, rain and snow aren't the only elements to fall from the sky and thousand pound mammals become riding partners. Breathtaking visuals conjure feelings of awe and pure joy; feelings that only those of us who venture outside can truly understand. This film is dedicated to you -- the dreamers, the rule-breakers, the ones who never grow up, the ones who know the secret -- the ones who know the way into the unReal world. this movie is great.  It is very funny,  the fights were bad but entertaining  i recommend this movie for everybody A group of GLBTQIA friends band together to survive a zombie apocalypse. A guy looking to find employment and marry the love of his life, gets in over his head when a fast-talking temp agent lands him a job. A meeting of filmmakers, one idyllic country estate, a fictional optical sound lead, a documentary super-8-image-storm. Both uncut. A 19 years old London girl received agressive psychiatric treatments for her schizophrenic behaviour by a doctor who still wants her family to insure the guard of the child without any regards to the facts that it is this family who's agravating her situation. After Lucy (17) finds out that she was conceived during a porn shoot she sets out to find her father and meets Udo, a has-been former porn star. Together this unlikely couple go on a journey during which both find more than they bargained for... A young widow discovers that her late husband has left her 10 messages intended to help ease her pain and start a new life. The film follows the story of a guy who wants to be a professional football player Olaf tries to make his dreams reality and thereby always gets into trouble with his surroundings. He meets his biggest obstacle yet when his father pressures him into having a child. Finding a woman becomes difficult when Olaf realizes that they have something he doesn't have: feelings.  A modest super-express delivery courier gets entangled in a spiral of adventure and romance in Shanghai A housewife struggles with her husband after he is possessed by a ghost. The film follows an unemployed man called "Bors" (Gecko), who hails from one of Cairo's slums, and the hardships he faces while trying to get married to the girl he loves. Chip's problem is that he can't say no to beautiful women. This weakness gets him into a world of trouble when he agrees to help his girlfriend steal $68,000.  Lu Zhenxi had a dream since her childhood, to become just like her uncle, a successful entrepreneur. But when her "Big American Dream" comes down crashing, she is left rejected, and returns to China. Now after a fateful meeting with her idol Professor Meng, she must find it in herself to take a second shot. Novice flight attendant Sasha was looking forward to her first flight, but nervous. On the plane, she inadvertently offends a male passenger. He was a handsome and suave man - a typical diamond bachelor. Moreover, he turns out to be thoughtful and considerate. A time passes they become attracted to each other.  Sensitive Parts is a tender and sharply observed dramatic comedy about a young woman who is forced to confront her social anxiety and interpersonal fears before they consume her and the people she loves, with a little help along the way from the imaginary manifestation of an iconic popstar. Tim Tucker (Dylan Bruce) was a star forward who broke a knee and never got drafted to the NHL. After the injury, Tim left hockey and became a hitman. Ten years later he finds himself back in town to look after his brother Matthew (Percy Hynes White), with a chance to set things right. But will his past wreak havoc with his shot at redemption? Written and directed by Brett and Jason Butler, First Round Down is a tire-squealing, gun toting, bad ass comedy set in a blue collar town. Sports writer Mark is baffled when he receives romantic text messages on his cell phone. What he does not know: His new number once belonged to the deceased boyfriend of Clara, who continues to send text messages in order to cope with the loss. When Mark's girlfriend discovers the texts, she is understandably upset. Along with his best friend David, Mark sets out to find the mysterious writer. Modern comedians share their thoughts about Laurel and Hardy. Also includes archival footage of contemporary comedians. Hosted by Dom DeLuise. In 1973, the 20-year-old Svante has a heart condition that the doctors cannot fix. When he has a breakdown on a subway platform, a strange train suddenly appears. He steps into the subway car filled with wonder, without knowing that the destination is the future. In the future he meets Elsa and together they must solve Svante's problems and figure out how to live together when they are from two different eras. Guests at a posh Berlin hotel struggle through worry, scandal, and heartache. When an alien fugitive crash lands into a local puppy farm and begins turning people into machines that feed on puppy flesh, Dylan and her BFF Eddie have to decide whether or not to take on the SheBorg menace, and save the world. Tamara, 15, complexed with her curves, decided its entry into second to get rid of the label of "big". To shut up the gossip, she made a bet with her best friend to go out with the first boy who pass the classroom door. No luck, the boy turns out to be Diego, the most handsome guy of high school. The bet is complicated for Tamara .... Between the dirty tricks of bitches of high school, a mother hen, boards "drag" his little sister, Tamara is a memorable year! An artist wishes to marry her childhood sweetheart and settle into family life. However, her boyfriend, who is a genius mathematician is afraid of commitment and breaks up with her just ahead of their wedding. What will the future hold in store for them? Oscar thinks he's special. He isn't. He thinks it's everyone else's fault. It's not. Moving to London, he gives himself a year to break into showbiz, but ends up waylaid by the same old problems: friendships, flings, and finding ultimate fulfillment. Say what you like, but it's tough being Chubby Funny. A woman at rock bottom must find her way across Los Angeles in order to crash her ex-boyfriend's engagement party. Two men must struggle to travel to Prague for Champions League Football Final match. When Jimmy Preston goes missing in the small town of Brookhaven, Mississippi, the gossip circle formed by three women (Ann, Jenny and Patsy) become amateur detectives in an effort to solve his disappearance. A female office worker grows tired of her popular and attractive colleague's office affairs, and releases explicit footage of her as revenge. The film version of 'Till Death Do Us Part'  tells the story of Alf Garnett, his wife Else, and their newborn daughter Rita, living through the London Blitz and beyond. An unlikely romance brews between a tough-acting thug with a tender heart, and a recently single, IT consultant neighbor, in this lighthearted and wacky twist of a romantic comedy. Cheryl and Alex Wheeler are seemingly happily married, with two beautiful daughters. But when Alex decides to look up his college sweetheart Suzanne Kennerly, he has no idea that his actions will lead to Cheryl also being reunited with her college sweetheart, Phil Welch. Dondi is a nerd and an obedient nephew to his aunt Cora who makes decisions for him. Meanwhile, Anna is a stubborn and rebellious girl who seeks the attention of her father Vito. Dondi and Anna cross path and their different personalities collide. They eventually fall in love with each other and solve their own problems. Vito and Cora are bitter business competitors and because of their rivalry, they disapproved the romantic relationship between Dondi and Anna. A young policeman hunts down the men who caused the accident that put his politician father into a coma. Based on satirical short stories by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle about a vain, egotistical Etienne Gerard, a French brigadier serving during the Napoleonic Wars. He thinks he's the best soldier and lover that ever lived and intends to prove it. Two brothers - Michel Rajamma (Kunchacko Boban) known as Rajamma and Vishnu Yohannan (Asif Ali) known as Yahoo. They are born to the inter-caste couple Yohannan (Saiju Kurup) and Rajamma (Tessa), who fell in love during their college days. After the sudden demise of their parents, they live alone in their ancestral property, a bungalow. After leading a carefree life, the duo plans to rent out their bungalow (which they call Bhargavinilayam) to different families. In the near future, everything has changed. Basic human rights have become the rarest of luxuries. No one knows when this started but everyone knows how. The VXII, the deadliest virus ever created, spread like wildfire and decimated the majority of the world's population. The non-infected survivors now cling to life in four quarantined cities behind a wall. Shawn Kors and his brother, Jude, survived the VXII only to grow up in a squalid internment camp for orphaned children. Under the care of the militia, they were pitted against other children in backwoods death matches. Shawn, Jude, and the few who escaped became notorious for their incredible fighting skills. They have since parted ways. Shawn now makes a comfortable living as a janitor at the local medic station. He spends his days dreaming of curing the VXII. When Shawn discovers the discarded body of a fellow internment camp friend, he is forced out of hiding and pulled into a rabbit hole of conspiracy and violence.  When a renowned architecture scholar falls suddenly ill during a speaking tour, his son Jin finds himself stranded in Columbus, Indiana - a small Midwestern city celebrated for its many significant modernist buildings. Jin strikes up a friendship with Casey, a young architecture enthusiast who works at the local library. A woman asks her best friend to date her playboy ex-boyfriend to save her current relationship. Jaime, a young and attractive male prostitute, arrives to a hotel room to earn what he believes will be easy money. But to his surprise the client has a different deal in mind... Soon, the situation will take a turn to the unexpected. Every year five hundred thousand young people leave Italy and flee overseas. They call it "brain drain" but among the new emigrants there are a lot of ordinary young people seeking their fortune. Sandro and Luciano are two of them. Lluc, a gray and embittered man, works changing the street lamps on top of a crane. One day receives an unexpected medical diagnosis: he has little time to live. He has never done anything to please anyone, so he realizes while preparing its own burial, that maybe nobody would accompany him in this farewell ceremony. At least, before he meets Marti, a homeless obsessed with Star Wars. Their journey will lead them to the desert in Tunisia, where there are the ruins of the set in which the legendary film was shot. After years of absence, a man returns to his village in seeks of redemption, but he must win the forgiveness of his family members, especially, his brother's. Ernesto has to deal with his bossy mother-in-law after she moves to his home with her friends. Acclaimed Film Director David Lee Madison takes a loving look at his childhood hometown Middle Village, New York. Filled with laughs, love, and nostalgia, Middle Village transcends a specific time and place and brings you back to your fondest memories! You CAN go home again. An in-depth look at the hidden meanings and blistering truth buried within Ed Wood's PLAN 9 FROM OUTER SPACE, which has long been considered the worst movie ever made. As the baby boom commences, and with the delivery service overworked, Porky and Daffy are placed in charge of a baby factory, where they help the stork keep up... until an unidentified egg comes off the assembly line.  Journey through the afterlife with this informative and entertaining program exploring Dante's epic poem of grandeur and complexity. Delving deep into the enduring allegorical work, the film combines dramatic reenactments, modern images and artists' renderings inspired by the literary masterpiece, as well as visual interpretations by the Topiary Dance Group, location footage of Dante's native Florence and analysis from noted scholars. A family of aswang attempt to transition into a living a more normal, less monstrous life. Dima, a young realtor, suddenly discovers an appliance which can convert him into any other person in the world... An intertwined love stories within a dysfunctional extended family for three generations. It tells how each generation understands and perceives the idea of love. This story is about a man who drinks and wakes up in the morning with a girl whom he does not know. When he gradually starts to fall in love with her, he must choose between love and practicality. First ever Gambian feature film. An employee about to retire and the young man who is to take over, share five journeys in the work place, an enormous empty warehouse where apparently nothing ever happens. Shuji Mimura works as a broadcast writer. He learns that he doesn't have much time left to live. He decides to concentrate on the future of his beloved family. Shuji Mimura's final plan is to find the best man to marry his wife Ayako. The happy gay couple David and Khaled would love to marry publicly - if there weren't Khaled's homophobic father Faisal, David's pseudo orthodox Jewish acting mother Lea and a possible paternity and gallery insolvency. The Space Squad returns in the sequel to the original Space People. When Captain Vek Tempus is framed for an assassination attempt on the galactic president, he's forced to go on the run and return to the planet Earth. As he and his crew attempt to clear his name, they come into contact with enemies both old and new-but-strangely-familiar. Two would-be thieves forge a surprising relationship with an unexpected housesitter when they accidentally trap themselves in a house they just broke into. An ordinary man (played by Tim Morton) lives a dull life till his friend Chet (played by Jimmy Kustes) comes over to stay for a few days. His friend ropes him to various schemes and generally makes a bunch of faux pas. His girlfriend (played by Johanna Sims) mostly runs around without alerting him of her whereabouts. He escapes his dull day-to-day existence by watching the TV show New Cops and dreaming various scenarios involving him being the President of the United States and Chet serving as his adviser. Chet recommends they hire detective Flaherty (played by David Maloney) to investigate a book heist at the local library. Two days in the life of Andre Provisorio, a man with many occupations: private detective, drug dealer, and incorrigible seducer. Between his activities, he meets Mariana, an aspiring theater actress, and falls in love. Ra-hee is ready for the real world. She has graduated from a respectable college and begins to apply for full-time jobs but is rejected by every company that she applies to. When all hope is lost, she gets a phone call from a newspaper company and is recruited as an intern in the entertainment section. Although reluctant at first, as she believes herself to be over-qualified for the job, she soon learns and understands the passion of the press. During her rollercoaster experience as an entertainment journalist/intern, she discovers the dirty and hidden aspects of the journalism industry. A live-action theatrical film has been announced for Hakuoki SSL, a spin-off of the popular Hakuoki otome game series that re-imagines the cast of Shinsengumi samurai warriors as teachers and students living a peaceful existence in modern Japan. A spooky horror anthology for boils and ghouls of all ages! A journey of a boy to unknown. A socially awkward young man kidnaps an aspiring actress with the hope that they will fall in love. A psychosexual noir that explores power dynamics between men and women. Ursus returns from war to find his fiancee, Attea, has been kidnapped by a mysterious sect which sacrifices virgins to its patron goddess. Ursus faces much treachery and is forced to display much courage and strength as he and the blind girl Doreide embark upon a quest to retrieve Attea. Radhika (Maia Katrak) has been married for over ten years to Nikhil (Boman Irani) and is having an affair for the past six months with an interior designer, Krish. Radhika is now pregnant with Krish's child and pours out her plight to a friend, Rita (Anahita Oberoi). She mentions a particular incident where she suffered a miscarriage of their second child that had started the rift. Finnish telemarketing company founder Miksu has died under mysterious circumstances. He has left behind tens of thousands of debt. Miksu's employees Jere and Henkka has been dragged for questioning. Both of them had a motive to kill their old boss and mentor. The ten year career of the controversial radio dj Giel Beelen. Four stepbrothers are having a hard time getting along as a family. 15 years after their parents' second wedding, the four unexpectedly head home and reunite by an urgent call from their youngest stepsister, born between the remarried parents. Although their rivalry escalates, the four brothers come to a momentary truce to put their hearts together and find their missing parents. Vicky (Prabhas) believes that one should be oneself in a relationship and one shouldn't change one's orientation for the sake of the partner. Vicky and Priya (Kajal Agarwal) are childhood friends and they like each other. Their parents want to marry them off. But Vicky feels that Priya is a not choice for him as she is willing to sacrifice all her comforts for him. Meanwhile, Vicky meets Maggy who has the same taste and lifestyle orientation. Both of them fall in love. The rest of the story is all about how Vicky realises that adjustment is the essence of any blissful relationship. A loser deep in debt tries to use his girlfriend to seduce a rich boss for money. Two high school misfits join forces in an attempt to overtake the local school board. Guided by their families, they enter the perilous word of politics and, in the process, learn a thing or two about love. Paulo began working in a greengrocery owned by a lesbian couple, Cecilia and Gabi. Paulo soon falls in seduction games of Cecilia. He falls madly in love, not realizing his homosexuality, and not imagine either the problem that is messing with Gabi. Dracula, Mavis, Johnny and the rest of the Drac Pack take a vacation on a luxury Monster Cruise Ship, where Dracula falls in love with the ship's captain, Ericka, who's secretly a descendant of Abraham Van Helsing, the notorious monster slayer. Making music means everything for the shy Zoe. But since her father left, she never played guitar again. When she is hit by the bus from Mik, superstar Bieber size, sparks fly allthough she is not a fan at first. Off course, people around the two love birds dont exactly cooperate to make things work... fter a night of drinking and gambling, Tyrell (R. Marcos Taylor) is awakened by an angry call from his girlfriend, Meena (Anita Clay) and finds himself in bed with a strange woman, Cecelia (Alissa Schneider) -- a local mob boss' daughter. Once the local mob boss finds out, he hires Shota (Wilson) -- a relentless hitman. To make matters worse, the reward on Tyrell's head has dozens of others looking for him, too. Adding to Tyrell's troubles, the worst thing of all... Meena, the love of his life, is put in harm's way. Tyrell must make a stand by taking on the mob, taking on Shota, and finding the money to pay their landlord -- Mr. McGetty -- before the day ends. Beatriz is a famous psychoanalyst who teaches others to be happy, but isn't able to be happy herself. Things take a turn when her mother's death takes her traveling with her sister to Buenos Aires to comply with the unusual directives she left in her will. Bo, a police detective whose life falls apart after being dumped by her boyfriend, is sent to a model agency to investigate a murder case as an undercover. A restaurateur befriends a Syrian refugee who  has recently arrived in Finland. The lives of several couples and singles in New York intertwine over the course of New Year's Eve. A high-rolling corporate shark and his impoverished young guide play the most dangerous game during a hunting trip in the Mojave Desert. A female detective gets involved with a murder suspect in a series of serial killings. Dapper Laughs is back!  Britain's most popular internet comedy sensation is back and causing more trouble than ever.  Despite continued criticism by the media, his profile and fan-base have continued to grow and now he's back, nothing is going to bring this star down!  DAPPER LAUGHS THE RES ERECTION LIVE is the sold out, stand-up live show and the official come-back event! Erika Shinohara (Fumi Nikaido) is a first year of high school student. While talking to friends, she makes up a story about her "boyfriend." In reality, Erika Shinohara doesn't have a boyfriend. Erika's friends soon begin to doubt her story and Erika is also running out of lies. Erika then sees a pretty boy on the street and takes his picture discreetly. She later shows his picture to her friends as her boyfriend. The boy in the picture is Kyouya Sata (Kento Yamazaki) and happens to attend the same school as Erika. She tells Kyouya about her situation and asks him to be her pretend boyfriend. Even though Kyouya has a pretty appearance, he has a dark side. Kaji dreams of marrying Maiya but things go wrong when Bamkaji returns to the village who also wants to marry Maiya. Riley and her friends head to a remote cabin in the woods to study for finals. But they soon find their own lives will be put to the test by a killer in the house. Dark pasts come to light and friendships are questioned as the battle for survival turns bloody. A man loses his job an his girlfriend, but he really wants to start dating his best friend. To chase promotion or to chase marriage? Young career-woman Lala returns after five years as a recently engaged young woman, but faces challenges when third parties tries to break up her relationship. A struggling singer wants to be a famous star but is hindered by his outdated musical stylings. Growing up in the Moroccan village of Tazzeka, Elias learned the secrets of traditional Moroccan cuisine from his grandmother who raised him. Years later, meeting a top Paris chef and a young woman named Salma inspires him to leave home. In Paris, Elias faces unstable work and financial hardship as an undocumented immigrant. But he also finds friendship with Souleymane, who helps revive his passion for cooking. Told through memory and metaphor, Utopians is a dark and subtly comic character study of three people on the edge: of society, of control, and of collapse. Roger is a yoga teacher. His daughter Zoe returns home from the military and to Rogers dismay resumes her relationship with her allegedly schizophrenic girlfriend Maya. Opposed to Zoe's pursuit of Maya but eager to be a part of his daughters life, Roger becomes entangled in the ups and downs of their relationship. Increasingly late and obviously distracted during his yoga classes, his few remaining students begin to lose patience. When Rogers well-meaning friend Morris offers them a live-in renovation job in an upscale Brooklyn home, the three of them move in and start a job they are not exactly qualified for. Living rent-free provides them with a respite from the responsibilities and expectations of the outside world. Together they try to find comfort in their new reality while being revisited by their troubled pasts. During the course of one day, a group of students at a school in Los Angeles find themselves caught up in a plot of sex, lies and dead bodies. A widow hosts a gathering for her high-society friends in an attempt to help solve her husband's murder. After another day at work, Virgilio turns on the answering machine at home and hears a disturbing message. It's a message from Clara, communicating the end of their relationship. Virgilio then listens to the message repeatedly, seeking some meaning. Breaking up is not the problem; the problem is that Virgilio has no idea who Clara is. The story of Hogaya Dimaagh Ka Dahi is about how a father puts his sons into a situation where they undergo hardships of life, learn about relationships and understands ground reality of life.Ishwar Singh Chauhan (Kader Khan) tries to help his three sons - Harry, Inder and Veeru (HIV)become better human being. While on the verge of death, he asks them to take care of the 'haveli' that he has left behind for them.  The drama and humor unfolds when they gets to know one family already resides there and meets Mirza Kishan Singh Joseph (Om Puri) and his family.The cat and mouse race beginsand while in trying to get back the 'haveli',they encounters different people from different walks of life.  When Mirza Kishan Singh Joseph shows his adamance of not leaving the 'haveli' and asks them to get out, HIV then gets introduced by Masala (Raajpal Yadav) to Aashiq Ali Advocate (Sanjay Mishra) and Teeli Bhai (Razak Khan) who gives them tips and tricks in order to get back their property. Tri, a romantic and idealistic music producer, finds himself in a talent raising competition against Minh, an aggressive and pragmatic producer. During this race, Tri falls in love with Linh, his singer and only ticket to dreamland. Screenwriter Leo is searching for the wolf in the south of France. During a scouting excursion he is seduced by Marie, a free-spirited and dynamic shepherdess. Nine months later she gives birth to their child. Suffering from post-natal depression and with no faith in Leo, who comes and goes without warning, Marie abandons both of them. Leo finds himself alone, with a baby to care for. A cellist and a pianist, along with the daughter of the owner of a musical home, form a classical trio. A television producer challenges confronting the modern equipment. Accept and so begin a new career in popular music, so despises his former employer, thus limiting the affair between his daughter and one of them. Three low-life criminals attempt to rob an elderly dying woman's home, but her live-in nurse turns out to be much more trouble than they bargained for. A story of one mother's love for her daughter. A young drag queen, Dodong, who joins a barangay gay pageant to gain acceptance in his father's community. He is instead met with hostility from his father, who chases him into a jungle, where he sobs to a lone bright star. What follows is the strangest night in his entire life, and an even stranger nine months when he realises he is pregnant. Dodong deals with ridicule from a barangay who does not believe him. A Vietnamese action comedy feature film. The story tells of Tse ( Son Tung M - TP ) and the incomparable friend : Ngo Kien Ha ( Ngo Kien Huy ) mundane , naive , Pham Quynh Bang ( Pham Quynh Anh ) momentum tune with the slogan " Cha afraid , just afraid of aging , " Sky ( Hari Won ) a Korean girl fun , manager Lam ( Hua Vi Van ) an infinity of money .  ng .  The film's screenplay is based on the book Bat dau tu mot ket thuc, an autobiography about the life of the ill-fated singer Wanbi Tuan Anh. As a top student at St. Adeline's Catholic Boarding School, Zoe senses that something is not quite right about the school's new nun-- a sense proven to be true when it is revealed the "good' nun is an imposter with a fatal attraction to Zoe's brother. When her bandmates get mixed up in a bad drug deal, Onyx (Mikaela Storm Franco), a social misfit with philosophical tendencies, must repay the debt to a Kings Cross druglord by extracting ecstasy from seagull corpses. A young man named Alfred acquires eternal life with the help from a mad scientist. 225 years later, Alfred now lives with the consequences of his past and has to face a new danger: someone else wants to obtain his ability. Pello, a bank branch manager, is arrested on charges of embezzlement. Abandoned by his superior (who got him involved in the heist), Pello escapes from the court room and goes on the run.  With no papers, no money and no family or friends he can trust, he changes identity so that he can stay undercover for a time.  By chance he ends up hiding in a building that has been occupied by a group of people evicted from their homes who are fighting his bank. Pello gains their trust, all the time planning to steal money from them to pay for false documentation so that he can escape abroad and start a new life. Patricia and her partner Andrea have an argument over their life together, leaving their relationship in limbo. When Patricia leaves for a work trip, Andrea makes a decision to which might change their lives forever.  Four female students in their senior year steal the College Selection Test, and take a trip to the beach to memorize every answer. However, summer is upon them, bringing crazy parties and handsome men to their doorstep, deviating them from the perfect plan as they lose the only copy of the exam days before the test. Now, the four of them will have to test their friendship if they want to retrieve it and achieve the highest score. Another Canadian screwball comedy involving a horny college man who can't decide between his girlfriend and his teacher. Jatt is a reluctant super hero that fights crime and protects people. He meets his match in the evil Raka who he must face off to save the day. Raju is a quintessential geek, who aims at always securing the first place. His parents sacrifice everything to ensure he is a consistent topper. What happens when he has to face the real world on his own? A gambler is targeted for murder during the wedding of his daughter to his protege. Japanese TV drama Shiratori Reiko, which is based on the original Shiratori Reiko de Gozaimasu! shojo manga by Yumiko Suzuki, will be receiving a feature length theatrical film in June of 2016. The story of one barber and his journey. Coming from foster care Teddy Maxwell becomes the celebrity barber and owner of Maxwell's Classic Kutz. This Documentary was filmed in south east Georgia's Glynn County, the birth place of Maxwell. Produced by Celebrity Journalist Rueben Wood.  A malevolent old house is pervaded by evil spirits who inflict harm upon the occupants. Their latest victim is a woman who is overcome with hatred for her family. Being a teenage virgin in Bangalore, India, during the 1980s was not for the faint-hearted. If you were a quiz nerd on top of that, forget about it. Naman, a young quizard who is determined not to sleep alone, leads his hopelessly nerdy high school friends on a trip to Calcutta with their eyes on a major college quiz prize. Young, smart, and full of heart, the trio are determined to win, but they're just as determined to lose their virginity in the process. A high school couple embarks on an unusual journey to planned parenthood, in order to find the best solution to an unwanted pregnancy. A young romantic navigates college dating while striving to reconcile homosexuality with his classic, cinematic ideals. A homeless French actor and a struggling actress band together with a group of misfits in an Alice in Wonderlandesque journey through tinsel town as they struggle to make a film with no money but plenty of attitude. A young boy delivers food in the summer vacation for this mother, who has some sort of a restaurant. Suddenly his uncle Mario, who lives in Italy, visits them by surprise. The boy's life changes when he follows his uncle one night to an appointment. After that night things will never be the same. When David is left by his fiance just days before the wedding, Flula, his relentlessly upbeat best man, insists that the pair go on David's previously planned honeymoon: a seven-day backpacking trip through the breathtaking mountains of Oregon. Their adventures are bookended with passages from William Clark's diary describing his friendship with Meriwether Lewis and the terrain they crossed during their expedition. Jersey Bellini is a bounty hunter who forms an uneasy partnership with a rival to capture a fugitive. But the hunters soon discover that the crook is also the man the mob most wants dead! Ready to battle anyone in their way, these hard-hitting Bounty Hunters won't quit until they've brought in their man... and brought down the mob At the onset of RANDOM TROPICAL PARADISE, Harry Fluder's life was working out exactly as planned: great job, loyal friends, and the perfect fiancee - until he caught his perfect fiancee having sex with one of his maybe not-so-loyal friends at their wedding. With the wedding cancelled and honeymoon already paid for, Bowie, Harry's best man, convinces Harry to take him along on a "homie-moon." What is supposed to be a refreshing weekend of rest and relaxation turns into an all-out bonkers adventure of epic proportions of sex, drugs, overall mayhem, and mafia intrigue. Mimi has her hands full. Her son Felix is hyperactive, her ex-husband Johnny is a mess, her father is a chronic gambler. Then Felix signs her up for a Swiss casting show, because Mimi wanted to be a musician originally. So Mimi decides to head for Switzerland, since it could pay all their debts. But then the whole family wants to come... Alakazam is a young and brave monkey who has been encouraged by all the other monkeys to become their king. After attaining the throne, he becomes rude and dictatorial, and does not believe that human beings are greater than he is. Then he tricks/forces Merlin the magician to teach him magic (reluctantly on Merlin's part, who warns Alakazam that the powers he acquires now will bring him much unhappiness later). Alakazam becomes so arrogant that he abuses his magic powers, and chooses to go up to Majutsu Land (the Heavens), to challenge King Amo. He is defeated by King Amo. For his punishment, he is sentenced to serve as the bodyguard of Prince Amat on a pilgrimage; in order to learn humility, mercy and to fight with wisdom. Ultimately, he learns his lesson and becomes a true hero. A Texas tech start-up breaks every crowdfunding record in the books, but they lose it all when a patent troll shuts them down. Refusing to go down without a fight, our heroes use a legal loophole to beat the trolls at their own game. By obtaining a patent for BEING a patent troll, they're able to... troll the trolls.  Five artsy young women in a group house have landlord troubles. A week in the life of Paterson, a poet bus driver, and his wife Laura, a very creative artist, who live in Paterson, New Jersey, hometown of many famous poets and artists. Follows a variety of New York characters as they navigate personal relationships and unexpected problems over the course of one day. Jean left his hometown ten years ago. When his father falls ill, he comes back and reunites with his sister Juliette and his brother Jeremie. As seasons go by around their vineyard, they'll have to trust each other again. A couple decide to open a home for refuges in the remote cold mountains of Norway. More than 10 years after the release of Green Day's American Idiot, the 2015 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Inductees present this time capsule rock doc that takes us inside the making of their award-winning punk rock opera. A soldier returns from Vietnam on special assignment, accompanying the body of his friend by train to California for burial. During the trip, he falls in love with a gentle college student. But their relationship is shattered by his flashbacks to combat. One night to change everything. One night to save a theater, one night to change one's perspective about life. Luigi will push and pull Faeza with him everywhere around Paris an entire night to save his theater. Isi doesn't get the world anymore. Just a short while ago, life was wild, fun, and without obligations, but suddenly everyone around her seems to be grown-up and successful. With her diploma in one hand and a drink in the other, she is stuck between the careless days of college and real life. When her best friend Lotte gets a respectable job and becomes pregnant, Isi realizes that she needs to find a way to start living a life on her own. On the trashy side of Camaroville, there's a mob turf war going down, but the new gang in town ain't content with merely controlling the local dope and sex trade. They are also mixed up with dangerous black magic, intent on resurrecting hideous demon-gods who have waited centuries for the chance to eat all our souls and enslave mankind! These blasphemous bad guys need stopping, and Jimmy Chevelle, agent of The Department of Supernatural Security, is just the cat to do the stopping Experience the story of the world's most beloved food through the eyes of the man who loves it most. After the early death of his wife, a mourning father moves with his teenage son across the country for a private school teaching job. Their lives begin to transform due to two unique women, who help them embrace life and love again Francois Gautier is stingy! Saving puts the joy, it causes pay sweats. His life is set for the sole purpose of never spend anything. A life that will switch in one day: he falls in love and discovers he has a daughter he did not know existed. Forced to lie in order to hide his terrible default, this will be the beginning for Francois problems. Because lie can sometimes be expensive. Very expensive... Three young men suddenly find themselves with two girls on ... inhabited island. Black comedy "Received call" is a documentary style story about the police headquarters. Redundancy intimidate officials are working diligently as ever, but the call-outs this month will not give them a break. Moreover, one of the officials gets caught in the workplace-using stolen and evidence room kept drugs. Explosions, shootings, helicopters, love, erotic, music stars, movie stars and much more.  No one wants to see a black and white film about a drunk who kills his dog. Jono and Dave learned that the hard way. When model Mira Cruz wants her longterm boyfriend to propose, she can't just tell him. Naturally, the two are locked in a lovers' quarrel, when both of them get the same modeling job! Will an eccentric photographer, a mad designer, and a seasonally themed shoot be weird enough to get the two back together? An ugly sweater party turns into a bloodbath when an evil Christmas sweater possesses one of the partygoers.  The story of Cafre Town Mayor, Dr. Santiago Rubio, a classic character of Latin American politics, whose highest aspiration is to be president of the Independent Republic. To do so he decides to build the best airport in Latin America, so he hires Hoyos Business Group, a conglomerate of rather shady contractors in their business.  Paul is married to Sali. Everything would be fine if they could get a child. Until the day when Sali receives the call that they have been waiting for so long: their adoption file is approved. He is adorable, he is 6 months old, his name is Benjamin. He is blond with blue eyes and white. They - are black. An FBI agent and an Interpol detective track a team of illusionists who pull off bank heists during their performances and reward their audiences with the money. In November 1918, a few days before the Armistice, when Lt. Pradelle orders a senseless attack, he causes a useless disaster, but his outrageous act also binds the lives of two soldiers who have nothing more in common than the battlefield: Edouard saves Albert, although at a high cost. They become companions in misfortune who will attempt to survive in a changing world. Pradelle, in his own way, does the same. The quartet of coup plotters is back, but before they need to resolve some minor internal disagreements, since Marco has struck a blow at his best friend, Beto, who, desolate, stops at a psychiatric clinic. It is up to Laura and Nelson to help him out of the institution. After his release from prison, bank robber Zequi sets off to recover the stolen money that was buried by his dizzy accomplice. He's horrified to learn that a high school gymnasium is now standing over the site where the loot is stashed. Needing to infiltrate the building, Zequi lands a job as a substitute teacher for a group of wild and unruly students. As the ex-con tries to lay down the law, he starts to realize that life in jail may have been easier than trying to deal with rebellious teens. When Steve's secret marriage of convenience is discovered by his family, he finds himself at the centre of the world's most farcical wedding, the only problem is, he is in love with somebody else. One of the strongest examples of Israeli cinematic storytelling in recent years. Zuhara is on her way to her younger sister's wedding, when she picks up Neriman, a young Bedouin hitchhiker escaping from an arranged marriage. As she unintentionally becomes an accomplice in Neriman's struggle, Zuhara must confront her conflicted feelings toward her estrangement from her own family. Director Rony Sasson Angel sensitively evokes moving drama through the characters' quiet exchanges, while building to a powerful climax. Stars Hila Vidor and Maisa Abed Elhadi make the tension and camaraderie between these two strangers palpable and touching. A deeply-poignant and visually-striking road movie. A young girl and her two friends from the exceptionally strange land of Oddsville make plans to celebrate Christmas together, but when she is late to pick them up from the train station, the pair wander out on their own leading to a delightful series of hilarious mishaps, inventions, and flights of fancy - until they find their little friend, who finally shows them the true meaning of Christmas. It's 1943 and World War II is raging in Europe. In New York, Arturo and Flora the daughter of a restaurant owner are in love, but she is promised in marriage to the son of a Mafia boss. There is a way around this, but to be able to marry Flora, Arturo needs to get permission from her father, who lives in a village in Sicily. Arturo doesn't have any money, so the only way he can get to Sicily is to enlist in the U.S. Army, which is preparing for a landing on the island. Two girlfriends on a summer holiday in Spain become enamored with the same painter, unaware that his ex-wife, with whom he has a tempestuous relationship, is about to re-enter the picture.  Drum tutor Paul Elliott demonstrates various drumming techniques including free solo playing, stroke and foot techniques, groove playing and vocabulary.  Adapted from Korean movie, Miss Granny, this movie tells a story of old woman that despise old-age that suddenly transform to a pretty girl with all her youth problems. When the 1989 "one-hit-wonder" glam-metal band "Sonic Grave" embark on a trip to Coachella in hopes of a comeback, their peyote trip pit stop in Joshua Tree incites an "unworldly" viscous attack, and they must "rock" themselves out of harms way. After causing his friend's death, an animal trainer marries the man's daughter to atone. A woman tells the story of the past 9 months in which she lost a series of family members and close friends in unrelated, totally unexpected tragic deaths. Her story stretches tragedy to the point of comic absurdity. Hundreds of years after humans have settled on Mars, Regulator Rogul and Lord Jens Maul, lead a force of Martians to Earth in order to conquer the planet. Queen Metaphor looks to the gay heroes aboard the spaceship Surprise -- Captain Kork, Mr. Spuck, and first engineer Schrotty Maglone and Juliette are 19. After graduating from high school, Juliette has decided to study the visual arts. She has made new friends whom she invited to her cottage in Normandy in order to introduce them to Maglone. "Juliette and I have known each other since the sixth grade. I don't know her squad, but... are my friend's friends also mine?" Jamilah has her whole life figured out. She's the president of her black sorority, captain of their champion step dance crew, is student liaison to the college dean, and her next move is on to Harvard Law School. She's got it all, right? But when the hard-partying white girls from Sigma Beta Beta embarrass the school, Jamilah is ordered to come to the rescue. Her mission is to not only teach the rhythmically-challenged girls how to step dance, but to win the Steptacular, the most competitive of dance competitions. With the SBBs reputations and charter on the line, and Jamilah's dream of attending Harvard in jeopardy, these outcast screw-ups and their unlikely teacher stumble through one hilarious misstep after another. Cultures clash, romance blossoms, and sisterhood prevails as everyone steps out of their comfort zones. Presented at the Dutch Pavilion at the 57th Venice Biennale. In their pursuit of perfect Christmas well - known characters accompanied by some new faces happen to experience tiny miracles! The adventures they come across help them realize that the most important things in life - hope, acceptance and family - are within their reach and that real love is the best Christmas present! An isolated doctor, burned by his gold-digger ex-wife, takes penny pinching to the extreme until his friends force him out of his shell and to get back in the dating game. Prisoners pull off an escape just before they were about to be pardoned. Go Mad and Mark  The story revolves around a bunch of college students living in a boy's hostel. The story unfolds over a period of four days in the hostel. Problems begin when a young woman enters the hostel. A drama that follows three adults during a single day in Los Angeles, one filled with sex, drugs, and indecision. Tang Monk brings three disciples on a journey to the West. On the outside, everything seems harmonious. However, tension is present beneath the surface, and their hearts and minds are not in agreement. After a series of demon-capturing events, the monk and his disciples gain mutual understanding of each others' hardships and unease. Finally, they resolve their inner conflict and work together to become an all-conquering, demon-exorcising team. Set in real-time over the opening night of a troubled production of Hamlet: a cast of narcissistic actors, incompetent stage-crew and a megalomaniac director collide behind-the-scenes of the ongoing show to give the audience a night they'll never forget. A small-time thief and a car driver collude with an artist to steal the gold hoarded by a jeweller, taking advantage of the curfew implemented in their village.   Back in the 80s, five friends cause raucous in their schooldays. Twenty years on and they've got jobs they don't want and wives who don't want them. The leader of the gang, Frankie, is now dying in Yorkshire. The others find out and they get together for one last sad, mad, bad road trip to Dewsbury, before it's all too late. Mix in a dollop of The Inbetweeners' intellectual wit, add a pinch of bromancing from The World's End, and then stir in a few ladles of The Hangover's vomit and you've got Destination: Dewsbury, destined to be one of 2018's funniest releases. When she receives word that her longtime platonic pal Michael O'Neal is getting married to debutante Kimberly Wallace, food critic Julianne Potter realizes her true feelings for Michael -- and sets out to sabotage the wedding. Filmed as part of the Salisbury Arts Centre Shootout 2011 48 Hour film challenge. Each group was given a well known story to adapt with just 48 hours to write, film and edit a final video. BedBugs is a very loose adaptation of 'Lord of the Flies' and came 2nd place in the competition. 22g Tussi Ghaint Ho is a Punjabi comedy film starring Bhagwant Mann, Rupan Bal, Upasana Singh and Canadian YouTuber Jus Reign (Jasmeet Singh). Film is written by Bhagwant Mann himself and is directed by Vishal Parasher. Joe King can't kill himself. At a moment of supposed death, he sees his future flash before his eyes. A future driven by an adventure with the outrageous Tallulah. According to an African fairy tale, every child receives a song from their parents that they carry with them throughout their lives. Richard, an orphaned Tanzanian immigrant, has never had his own song. How he got one before his unexpected death and the significant, though unintended, roles played by the dark-tourism entrepreneur Drakuhl, the gray-haired hair model Barney and the heavy-drinking music teacher Kiesel won't be revealed here. Merely that the song Dead Man Play becomes an international hit. A young woman moves into a new apartment that she inherited from her grandmother, who had died there in a bizarre accident. She is immediately confronted by totally bizarre neighbors and someone is obviously out to get her as rats and flies engulf her apartment. But with the array of weirdos around her, who might it be? Everyone warns her to stay away from her upstairs neighbor, but he is the only one who shows any kindness. Supposedly the neighbor below her is an 80 year old woman, but she hammers the floor so hard when the young woman moves furniture that she breaks tiles. Another neighbor seems kind enough to begin with, but later seems more interfering and threatening. Also her weatherman boyfriend can't be ruled out. Contrary to his desire for her to move in with him, she moved into their apartment. A manipulative, dirty politician programs bikini-model robots to seduce his rivals for blackmail purposes. An eccentric millionaire hides $3 million of gold somewhere in the Rocky Mountains, luring thousands out on a wild treasure hunt in search of riches and redemption. In a village by the Meuse river, located near the French-Belgian border, a factory storekeeper named Basile Matrin leads a dreary life with his wife, Rose. The young Maryse Duval, who had just come back from Paris, has abandoned her dreams of becoming an actress. She will unwittingly turn their life upside down. Basile's great friend and neighbour, who is a reporter for a local newspaper called " Le Quotidien de la Meuse", witnesses the comical drama that is unfolding on the street outside his house, and will unwillingly be drawn into this "Dramedy". For years, the news has been dominated by refugees, but who really knows them? For this unorthodox document, artist and filmmaker Joost Conijn went on a search. In Greece, he managed to worm his way through a hole in the fence into a camp guarded by soldiers at a deserted airfield. In France, outside the Calais 'jungle', he waited in a dark field with his newfound acquaintances for trucks going to England. Mary moves back to her suburban hometown to find that the suburbs are scarier in more ways than she ever remembered. Two young gentlemen living in 1890s England use the same pseudonym ("Ernest") on the sly, which is fine until they both fall in love with women using that name, which leads to a comedy of mistaken identities... Ray Livingston is a relationship-blogging hack ("freelance writer, actually") responsible for Brooklyn's infamous blog, "Occasionally Dating Black Women." The well-written, if not controversial, blog has generated some notoriety, but Ray is chafing from an overextended stay in New York, romantic ennui, and a stagnating writing career. After a particularly crappy week, he goes off on a tirade and harasses a gorgeous random passerby, only to discover that it's Rochelle Marseille, one of New York's up-and-coming authors. Moving to make amends in an effort to preserve his media clout, Ray is stunned when Rochelle gives him more than he ever thought she would. When an obsessed old man enters a one-person photo studio he gives its lecherous owner a fatal ultimatum - convince his next female client to marry him, or the man will kill them both. When a bubbly American hip hop dancer goes to India with her family for a wedding, she is impressed by a new dance style and falls in love with the man who introduced her to it. A man sits in a pub, soaked to the skin in Guinness. He reflects on the ups and downs of his relationship. A lift begins displaying some erratic behavior, like trapping some party goers and nearly suffocating them, and decapitating a security guard. Felix, the technician from the lift company, can't find anything wrong with the circuitry. When he and a nosy reporter begin asking questions of the lift company's electronics partner (Rising Sun Electronics) his boss puts him on a leave of absence. A subsequent visit to a professor leads them to believe that some evil experiments are being conducted. "Sino Philes" is a mockumentary microfilm web series and short film about Hong Kong and Mainland social conflicts.  In an attempt to reconnect with their roots, a Chinese Canadian couple relocates to Hong Kong, China, and consequently becomes entangled in bizarre social conflicts between Hongkongers and Mainlanders that ultimately lead them to discover what it means to be "Chinese" and what the "Chinese dream" means to them.  http://sinophiles.slatetakes.com/ Arisu War! takes place after the events of the movie, about Arisu transferring to Ooari High School.  An anonymous love letter left in Carli's locker wreaks havoc on his life, and the lives of everyone who come in contact with it. A high-profile burglar reconciles with his two daughters (half-siblings) to help him retaliate against his ex-partner who betrayed him. After many dark years of depression Luca seeks to gain her high school diploma. Her little dog Mata helps her to find motivation and keep a positive attitude towards life...  A reality TV crew's staged investigation into the paranormal becomes terrifyingly real when the house they're exploring turns out to be haunted by the ghost of a serial killer. Story of a common man who is struggling to have his own house in the city of dreams Mumbai, It's a light hearted situational comedy. Laali and Ladoo get trapped in a royal wedding that takes place in Vadodara. A humble Romanian actor in his 40's, hardly surviving between a complicated part in a musical, a depressed wife, and the obsession of an imminent, devastating earthquake, becomes the victim of his manipulative father. A mexican chef meets her love interest in an american man. Checco is 39 and lived his entire life with his parents. He loves his job where he does nothing the whole day, until something happens that will change his behavior and his life forever...  In order to impress his girlfriend's conservative father, a porn actor uses his fellow adult movie stars in creating a fake traditional family. Driven by the desire for the huge reward, Tang Ren (by Wang Baoqiang) tricked Qin Feng (by Liu Haoran) to New York, to attend the World Detective Contest,. Later on, behind the crazy competition, Qin and Tang discovered the real hidden facts of this contest. The story spans from 1965 to the early 1970s. Heavily pregnant Zhao Di, the unwanted second wife of an older man, was chased out by her husband's family and forced to return to her own family. She gave birth to a pair of twins, Shun Fatt and Su-mei. As Su-mei had two moles on her face, which was said to be bad luck, she decided to give her up due to the pressure of wanting to build a better life for the rest of her family. Her father, under the advice of a match-maker, married her off to a coffee shop owner Xiao Qie, but after his unfortunate death, she was chased out the door with five young children to look after. With Zhao Di's indomitable spirit, and with the help of her family, they went through adversities, witnessed the changes through the years, and accompanied every step of the nation`s growth in its early years. Solitary and sometimes attacked by an asthmatic crisis, Roque Waterfall leads, at age 30, an unproductive life and, little or nothing at work, lives on a small family inheritance. His passion is to collect videos of Atlanta, the club of his loves, and in one of his few nocturnal outings he meets Hans, a German intellectual nihilist who is in Buenos Aires to make a documentary film about people who have nothing. But when he meets Roque he decides that his film will be about someone who does not do anything, of course he is not sure if he wants to show himself before the camera, and while trying to escape the director he meets Carla, whose charm stimulates him to interrupt his sedentary life . In between caring for her mother, a young woman works part time at a prison. The rookie guard gets a chance to prove her mettle when she's tasked with accompanying a hell-raising inmate on an emergency furlough to visit her dying mother. But things soon spiral out of control, sending the pair on a hilarious, surprising, and ultimately touching road trip. A group of Internet "sensations" compete for a tv show. Parody of the Internet. This early 1960s film depicts the trivial pursuits and relationships of two college age girls on a weekend vacation to a luxury resort in Puerto Rico. A group of friends vow to open their college acceptance letters at the same time during the big end-of -year party.  The rivalry between two former college friends comes to a head when they both attend the same glamorous event. A government inspector, an orphaned young girl, and opioid-addled locals collide in this small-town drama centered around the closure of a supposedly toxic sugar refinery. Lauren wants to rebuild her community, including her family home, in the aftermath of a devastatingly disastrous storm.  In the year 3978 global warming has made a desert of the North Pole. Santa and Mrs. Claus battle angry skeletons who didn't get what they wanted for Christmas. Evil aliens try to take over the world and a giant abominable snow man wants Santa for his next meal. Bhaktavatsalam Naidu, who has married two women and has successfully managed to keep the secret of the other woman to both the ladies..Later part reveal why Naidu married two of them and also his wives knowing the truth. A VHS collector with a drinking problem finds a valuable movie that could save his terrible economical situation. The film disappears. He suspects it is stolen and starts a hunt after a perpetrator. A former con-artist gathers a bunch of girls and puts together an all-female rock band. Moti journeys from Lahore to the northern areas of Pakistan where he meets a female rock star.  A woman seeks revenge on the man pretending to fall in love with her to gain professional advantage. Peter Cottontail wants to be the #1 chief Easter Bunny, and everyone in April Valley agrees...except for Evil Irontail. Peter must deliver more eggs than this archrival to earn the top spot...and save Easter for children everywhere! A woman is provoked by a loud neighbor in her New York apartment. A funny story about the adventures of two tween sisters - TV star and boxing champion. When Durgadevi's nephew tells her that her son has been blessed with a baby, she leaves behind all grudges and comes to meet him. Impetuous Love in Action is a 2014 Chinese-Hong Kong romantic comedy action film directed by Frankie Chan and produced by Jackie Chan It's 1954. Mad Scientists. Hostile aliens, an escaped cyborg, and the fate of the world hangs in the balance. A look at the creation of The Pogues' song "Fairytale of New York".  A bohemian Seattle DJ uses his on-air charisma to create a fictitious conservative radio personality, becoming an overnight sensation.  Won best comedy for Palm Beach Film Festival 2016. Won Best Director LA Film Festival. Produced by Arthur L. Bernstein and Adam Falkoff The lovably simple residents of peaceful Kikoriki Island are thrown kicking and screaming into big adventure, when their resident scientist invents an amazing device - a helmet called "the Improverizor," which takes personality traits from one person and swaps them with traits of someone else. But when spineless young Wally tries to use the untested device to cure his cowardice, he ends up even more spineless - by getting accidentally body-switched with a squirmy little caterpillar. Now he has even more to fear than he could have ever imagined, and so do his fellow villagers, as they're dragged into a madcap adventure packed with plane crashes, mistaken identities, erupting volcanoes and angry primitives on the warpath. Boy, do the Kikoriki Crew wish they could switch place now - with anyone. A crack-pot scientist aligns with the Axis of Evil to bring down the United States with EMP blasts, toxic zombification gas and by unleashing the ultimate undead killing monstrosity: the Z-REX. When a hot-wired militia squad and a crew of college hipsters are thrown together to do something about it, chaotic Predator-Thunder action runs amok. Tilt is the story of a precocious young girl who is a pinball wizard. Because she does not get on with her parents, Tilt is contemplating running away from home. Skipping school one day, she decides to go to to Mickey's Bar. Mickey, who is Tilt's good friend, helps her set up a gambler for a pinball game. Because the gambler is unaware of Tilt's pinball wizardry, he is easily hustled out of his money. While watching the confrontation, a young man named Neil Gallagher, who is an aspiring musician, is impressed with Tilt's ability, congratulating her after the win. Neil invites Tilt to watch him sing at a rock concert, and after his performance she believes he can become a great singer. Because Neil needs money for a demo tape of his songs, he has an idea of taking Tilt with him and having her hustle would-be gamblers. A playboy finds himself in a spot of bother when he falls in love with the right girl. A fully automated commercial jetliner is prepared to make its maiden voyage. Without an on-flight pilot, the craft relies on satellite linking for its course. But when the plane suddenly deviates from its determined route and establishes a circular pattern over Seattle, it becomes evident that the craft has been hijacked by a disgruntled former airline employee who has hacked into the flight's computer system from his apartment, somewhere in the United States. Now, a former discredited Navy pilot and an oddball technician must race against the clock to find where the angry employee is, and regain control of the plane before it crashes into the city. Evil in Tokyo is on the rise and heroes have become a common commodity just out for fame and glory. Washed out anti-hero Gun Caliber is summoned to save Tokyo from the forces of Evil. Two overworked and underpaid assistants come up with a plan to get their bosses off their backs by setting them up with each other. Two crazy Dominican cops and a disciplined FBI agent join forces to investigate an international criminal network. Saravanan, who has suicidal tendencies, becomes part of Annachi's household as the latter, who has a fear of ghosts, believes that he will help him get rid of it. But the young man has a near-death experience after which he starts seeing ghosts! Advice columnist, Dan Burns is an expert on relationships, but somehow struggles to succeed as a brother, a son and a single parent to three precocious daughters. Things get even more complicated when Dan finds out that the woman he falls in love with is actually his brother's new girlfriend.   Four teenage friends - Frank, Spuli, Mucke, and Pommes - try to have their first contact with the opposite gender. Not so easy in the Ruhr region of the 80s. Attempts at dancing and being in a band go wrong, and their parents and teachers can't help with that, so the four teens need to get creative. Young orphan Heathcliff is adopted by the wealthy Earnshaw family and moves into their estate, Wuthering Heights. Soon, the new resident falls for his compassionate foster sister, Cathy. The two share a remarkable bond that seems unbreakable until Cathy, feeling the pressure of social convention, suppresses her feelings and marries Edgar Linton, a man of means who befits her stature. Heathcliff vows to win her back. Friday night is almost like a shortened New year's night. One can expect every kind of surprises on that night. Friday night has its special magic. Three middle aged men are going to their high school reunion after 25 years and the troubles that come with it. A housewife's, Tiffany, world is turned upside down by a stranger who breaks into her apartment and tells her that he abducted her husband of eight years while he was on a business trip in Hong Kong. Adding to the bizarreness of the situation, the kidnapper, who says his name is tells Tiffany that he doesn't want any ransom money. Instead, to secure her husband's freedom, she will have to take on the role of his wife for a week. A comedy about the modern days men, and not only... Would you go to therapy with crazy family members to collect millions? It wouldn't be as easy as you think. - When the family matriarch, Big Mama, passes away, her dying wish is to make sure the family she raised address their personal demons. Now, her dysfunctional family must seek unconventional therapy in order to get a multi-million dollar inheritance. Chaos ensues as they are forced to deal with old rivalries, volatile marriages, and failed dreams. A portrait of legendary filmmaker Nicholas Ray while is working as a film professor at a college in upstate New York.  Zombillenium, the Halloween theme park, happens to be the one place on earth where real monsters can hide in plain sight. When Hector, a human, threatens to disclose the true identity of his employees, the Vampire Park Manager has no other choice but to hire him. To see his daughter, Hector must escape from his Zombies and Werewolves coworkers. A Bollywood director's plan to use an Osama Bin Laden look-alike in an upcoming film runs afoul of a Taliban arms dealer's desire to show that the terrorist is still alive. 17-year-old Sami has an accident which resulted in him reluctantly sent to closed psychiatric hospital. Sami refuses to speak or show his feelings, even when the nurse Taneli is trying everything in order to understand how the crash really happened. While Sami's and his roommate's Rude's eccentric friendships gradually increases, the truth of past events begin to unravel. Three American guys who perpetually strike out with the ladies travel to Europe and embark on an adventure through the continent filled with drinking, dancing, and partying while dodging gypsies, gangsters, and soccer hooligans to get to the world's hottest club. An uptight advertising exec has his entire life in a filofax organizer which mistakenly ends up in the hands of a friendly convict who poses as him.  Oh, these men! No matter how long last, they still remain forever boys. And what is most concerned about the men and boys? Of course, women, cars and ... fishing! Superhit inexperienced producers created new Lithuanian comedy among us, lad ... heroes - four childhood friends, one sunny day decided to implement every Lithuanian dream - to go fishing in Norway. With colorful company embark on an adventure, humor and storyline full of surprises journey, about the dream of every man and secretly participate would like all women! Divided into three "short films", each one pokes fun to a particular genre. Episode 1: Bala Sa Bala, Kamao Sa Kamao, Satsat Sa Satsat. Episode 2: Shake, Shaker, Shakest. Episode 3: Asawa ni Marie.  A reporter stumbles into a bar where the heavenly messengers hang out when they're not looking out for humanity. 'People You May Know' tells the story of four friends in their 40s in Los Angeles. All them will have to confront a new reality when Delia gets pregnant from Joe, her best friend who happens to be gay. Diane is a struggling single mom in LA. Just when things are at their worst, but she will have to live in small town USA for a year and take care of a dog for a year before the house is hers. A game between two minds. Set in New York, the film tells the story of the friendship between two European immigrants; Maria and Lena during one intense week, as they struggle to find happiness and test the limits of their freedom. Biju is an honest policeman who fights the injustice head-on. In his pursuit to keep things under control and clean, he encounters a series of events and cases which test his authority, honesty and integrity. With a week to his wedding, what ensues is a heartfelt story of a cop sans the cinematic hype. D.P Pallickal, an amateur film maker who claims he is the next film legend. D.P has great passion, but lacks talent. His family and friends constantly make fun of his amateurishness of his masterpiece short films. Pat Pemberton (Hepburn) is a brilliant athlete, except when her domineering fiance is around. The ladies golf championship is in her reach until she gets flustered by his presence at the final holes. He wants them to get married and forget the whole thing, but she cannot give up on herself that easily. She enlists the help of Mike Conovan (Tracy), a slightly shady sports promoter. Together they face mobsters, a jealous boxer (Aldo Ray), and a growing mutual attraction. Bad People is a dark comedy feature film that begs us to laugh at the absurdity that is all around us: crack smoking politicians, prostitutes turned reality stars, religious charlatans, sex obsessed online dating, elitist parents, infidelity, and political correctness. Told through the lens of several short stories, the film examines the hysterical dark side that permeates our society today.  Poshter Girl takes you on a mad roller coaster ride of a quaint, little village in Maharashtra - Tekawde, which is ill-famous for female infanticide and as a result there are no girls left within the village. When the question of boys' marriage is on heat, a beautiful and Intelligent girl enters the scenario and changes everything. This is the story of the girl Rupali and her chosen 5 candidates who would do anything to win her heart.   Upon learning that he has to come out of retirement to steal 50 cars in one night to save his brother Kip's life, former car thief Randall "Memphis" Raines enlists help from a few "boost happy" pals to accomplish a seemingly impossible feat. From countless car chases to relentless cops, the high-octane excitement builds as Randall swerves around more than a few roadblocks to keep Kip alive. King of the Jews is a film about anti-Semitism and transcendence. Utilizing Hollywood movies, 1950's educational films, personal home movies and religious films, the filmmaker depicts his childhood fear of Jesus Christ. These childhood recollections are a point of departure for larger issues such as the roots of Christian anti-Semitism. After going through a failed heist, 5 friends, apparently back to their normal lives, are involved in an opportunity to pull off another one. Madea winds up in the middle of mayhem when she spends a hilarious, haunted Halloween fending off killers, paranormal poltergeists, ghosts, ghouls, and zombies while keeping a watchful eye on a group of misbehaving teens. Two strangers spark romance through their unusual habit. An Evil-Doll Comedy-Masterpiece! TIFF Rising Stars OC Ukeje and Somkele Iyamah-Idhalama join a stellar cast of Nollywood heavyweights in this whip-smart courtroom drama about lust, betrayal, and the price of ambition. About a group of people who come together in their love of Australian TV series Prisoner (a.k.a. Prisoner Cell block H). A story of rival sheep stations and of the strong-willed squatter's daughter who wants to unite them. The film revolves around the life of an ordinary man and a local goon and how their lives get changed due to some unfortunate events. No overview found. Madhav  and Jerrin are close friends who are working as RJs at an FM station  They are the heroes of the station hosting a morning programmer titled Hello Namaste, where they take up issues relevant to the city. Madhav is married to a baker named Priya. The actual story begins when Madhav, Priya and Abu attend the wedding reception of Jerrin's ex-girlfriend Anna. There they realize that the groom is a good-for-nothing fellow and they entice Jerrin to elope with Anna. The two couples live together in a small house, and the going seems good initially. They late move into two identical luxury villas in a posh colony and become next door neighbors. The ladies begin to have minor issues and they pass them on to their men. Priya is very conscious of hygiene and her neighbor has a jack fruit tree that makes her porch messy.  So, the jack fruit tree becomes the bone of contention between the two families, and the fight on whether it should stay or not continues till the end. As undercover cop Reiji takes on a new mission to takedown the Chinese mafia, elite police officer Shinya  moves to arrest Reiji. A secret new romance with Alma forces Zaynab to confront her complicated relationship with her recently widowed mother. In this coming-of-age Muslim melodrama, Zaynab copes by taking up Lucha-style wrestling. The story of Michelle Payne, the first female jockey to win the Melbourne Cup.  Movie narrates the story of a couple, Akash and Vani. They go on a personal trip to spend some quality time with each other and the resulting incidents are plotted. Prakashraj and Seetha have a son named Surendhar (Prithviraj Sukumaran). Sumathi (Saranya Bhagyaraj) is the daughter of Sarath Babu. Sumathi lived in a palatial house and enjoyed a luxurious life in her childhood. However, her father Sarathbabu loses his textile business in a fire accident and is pushed to poverty. A young man is forced to pretend to be his estranged gay brother in order to keep a major business from falling through. Though he has always hated his brother, the young man gains a new appreciation as he lives his brother's life. Rajini Murugan locks horns with Yezharai Mookkan who tries to get a share of Murugan's ancestral property by defaming his grandfather. A sidekick who tries to do good by the city he swore to protect despite the villains and new superhero that stand in his way. An aspiring actor succumbs to pressure from his father and takes up the role of lawyer. Shakespeare's romantic comedy is re-told in the Caribbean and brought into the 21st Century when Theseus and Hippolyta, returning Nationals, come home to Barbados to be married during Crop Over festival time. The island's early history, folklore, culture and stunning landscape, lends itself perfectly for the mysticism, comedy and chaos that ensues, the night before the nuptual celebrations. A quiet town is jumpstarted by the arrival of an enigmatic family; a statuesque mother named Louisa and her gorgeous teenage sons. Sixteen Year-Old Hilary is working hard to get good grades, hoping to escape the small town life a long line of relatives lived before her. With the arrival of the mysterious family just weeks before school is to let out, life suddenly becomes appealing. Hilary's father is instantly charmed by Louisa, while she herself finds a strong connection to middle son Kadin, ignoring her dubious instincts. As the town falls under the hypnotic spell of the young men, no one but Hilary sees the peculiar loyalty that holds them together and the lengths they will go to give their mother what she needs until it's far too late. Andrew helps Kenny through his divorce. The Freeling family move in with Diane's mother in an effort to escape the trauma and aftermath of Carol Anne's abduction by the Beast. But the Beast is not to be put off so easily and appears in a ghostly apparition as the Reverend Kane, a religeous zealot responsible for the deaths of his many followers. His goal is simple - he wants the angelic Carol Anne. Sathyanarayanan, who has an uncanny talent to deceive people, falls in love with Anjali, an aspiring model. He convinces her that he will help her enter the fashion world using his expertise. The misfits who work at a 24-hour copy center in Austin have their lives disrupted with a new hire - just as the owner blows into town with bad news: he is selling out to corporate America. The film starts one year after the stories of 'Approach to Love' have unfolded. Main character Wu Shuang broke up with Chen Wei, with whom he was in a long-distance relationship. He suffers physically and mentally, and engages in random sex in order to stop the pain. At a sex date, Wu met Wang Yunchao, who is a teacher at his university. Wang started to stalk him, up until Wu relented and fell for him too. Wu found the courage to forget the past, and opened himself up to a new relationship. However, at that moment, Wang left him. A comedy story of a musical duo and their quest to win a Europop contest. Peter Marshall and The Lomos struggle with beard envy, meeting girls, selling records, getting out of their hometown and mostly their wannabe manager and flatmate James. Kika K is a successful star with millions of fans, but behind the scenes, she is in personal and professional crisis: she has to deal with an obsessive fan, a boyfriend with no concept, professional appointments scheduled by the businesswoman and her obsessive-compulsive disorder In the backdrop of the Nazi occupation of France, taken to the hospital for a broken leg from an accident, twelve-year-old Maurice Gutman is narrowly spared from the mass roundup that will take his family from him and leave them imprisoned in a distant death camp. At the hospital, Dr. Daviel diagnoses him with tuberculosis and imposes a long treatment, perhaps a humane ruse to prevent him from being deported. Over the course of two years, while living with the hospital staff, Maurice and eight other young boarders unforgettably experience friendship, solidarity and extraordinary courage. These are the children of luck.  One sunny day the owner of a successful veterinary clinic Nikita learns that the terminally ill. He has no idea that this medical mistake, and seriously thinking: who takes care of his beautiful wife, children, and business? .. And then comes into his head the idea that, sadly, it seems, it is time to look for a replacement. Mrs. Gequil is an eccentric teacher despised by her colleagues and students. On a stormy night, she is struck by lightning and faints. When she wakes up, she feels different. Will she now be able to keep the powerful and dangerous Mrs. Hyde contained? After beheading her husband, Queen Titiana takes over the mystical woods where lost souls and ghouls wander about confused in this surrealist film inspired by William Shakespeare's 'A Midsummer Night's Dream'. Three women, one family: Monika the mother, Angie the older sister and Kiki the baby of the family. Angie is a reality-TV star who is doggedly clinging onto her fading career. Fresh out of rehab, she suddenly finds herself without any money, friends or a place to live and is condemned to returning to her mother in her hated dump of a hometown. Angie's teenage sister Kiki is also finding life tough-going. Due to her epilepsy, her mother Monika insists that she wears a freaky protective helmet. The consequence: Kiki is ostracised and bullied, her life has long since become the hell from which her mother is trying to protect her. Mike Epps wastes no time bringing his unapologetic and raunchy swagger to a howling live audience at the historic Orpheum Theater in Los Angeles. The story of a young girl Tina who believes in her aunt's forecasts which is affecting all her life. She is not getting married, waiting for her hidden half Sharmin to come. Ramu and Seetha have come to India for divorce. Ramu's mother Satyabhama  is helpless and desperately remembers her dead husband Bangarraju. Lord Yama decides to send him to earth to help her. The dog and the diamond, and the romantic life of Raja and his lady love Ammu in comical situations.  The film follows a master of ceremonies who introduces singers and dance numbers on stage in local weddings, and who aspires of gaining wealth to escape his poor town and marry the girl he loves, but on his way he faces a lot of difficulties. When a strange virus quickly spreads through a safari park and turns all the zoo animals undead, those left in the park must stop the creatures before they escape and zombify the whole city. A journey of a young man named JC, a conflicted young woman Janine, and Christy a woman on the verge of renaissance.  If we win we will make fun of you, if not, you'd be killed. Waterloo - Ring ring - Mamma mia - SOS - Bang-a-boomerang - I do, I do, I do, I do, I do - Fernando - Dancing queen - Money, money, money - Knowing me, knowing you - That's me - The name of the game - Take a chance on me - Eagle - One man, one woman - Thank you for the music - Summer night  city - Chiquitita - Does your mother know - Voulez-vous - Gimme! gimme! gimme! - A man (after midnight) - On and on and on - The winner takes it all - Super trouper - Happy New Year - When all is said and done - One of us - Head over heels - The day before you came - Under attack The Cholurpalya Strikers team dream of winning the galli cricket tournament, which they've consistently lost in the finals to the Malleswaram Rockers. Will they be able to do it when the winning stakes are at an all time high?  A woman and a man who met at a soccer game. Years later, they decide to see each other again at the same place they found their passion, a soccer match with the same teams playing against each other.  An off-kilter, darkly funny story of a young British-Pakistani woman navigating her way through life. Arifa is a woman still finding her way in the world. Unlucky in love, things scarcely seem to improve when she becomes entangled with mysterious 'professional gamer' Riccardo. Just like the other men in her life - namely her absentee, bootlegging father Hameed - evasiveness and commitment issues are everywhere. As she unpicks the issues she encounters in her life, helped in part by her counsellor Shabana, Arifa will find herself growing up, and realising that things don't always turn out as you might expect. Fukuoka-based idol group LinQ suddenly gets orders to disband from their manager Suzuki. When Sakura and other group members rally to prevent the split up of their group, Suzuki charges them with a special mission. A Young Attorney looks to gain a position at a Prestigious Law firm while secretly dating his Boss' Daughter Is the fun story of Ricardo, an amateur comedian who tries to reach the fame by doing stand up comedy in Bogota bar's. He's heart broken because his girlfriend ended their relationship and is now with an older and richer man. With two friends, he decides that he must pretend to be someone of better social class in order to emerge in Colombian society. So Ricardo pretends to be a millionaire in social networks. But the problem begins when he meets and felt in love with Margarita, who believes he is the owner of a radio stations network. Maduveya Mamatheya Kareyole is a 2016 Indian Kannada romantic comedy film written directed by Kaviraj in his directorial debut. It stars Suraj Gowda and Amulya in the lead roles whilst Anant Nag and Achyuth Kumar feature in supporting roles. An intimate reflection on animal treatment, following ethical pig farmer, Bob Comis, as he contemplates his transition out of raising animals for slaughter. A young man (Puneeth Rajkumar) finds himself in too deep after taking an injured protester to a hospital. After the Second World War, budding film composer Jerry Herst moves to Hollywood to study with infamous master teacher Mario Castelnuovo-Tedesco. Four friends lose themselves in a carefree South-East Asian holiday. Only three come back. Dave and Alice return home to their young family desperate for answers about Jeremy's mysterious disappearance. When Alice's sister Steph returns not long after, a nasty secret is revealed about the night her boyfriend went missing. But it is only the first of many. Who amongst them knows what happened on that fateful night when they were dancing under a full moon in Cambodia? Hank Williams, a bona fide idiot, teams up with Bigfoot Hunter, Trevor Farleys, and an aging bear slayer, Willis Hampton, to sabotage a crazed hunter and win a local hunting competition. A bubbly Indian girl Aalia in trouble is forced by circumstances to place her faith in a Pakistani cab driver, Vicky, in Mauritius, who then takes it upon himself to make Aalia's safe return to India possible. Mauritius. Champion gamer Jan has to fight for his digital identity, winning back his real life as well. Guillaume Canet is told by a young co-star that he's no longer Rock'n' Roll and can't sell films anymore. He then tries to prove her wrong and gets help from his girlfriend, Marion Cotillard. Politics is the Puerto Rican national sport, and in this sport anything is possible. Fate brings Pepo Gonzalez, an ordinary, unemployed citizen, before an unscrupulous former political adviser. Her plan: to select a total stranger, without qualities or political lineage, and take the Capitol during one of the most important elections in the history of Puerto Rico. Will she be able to get Pepo a seat in the Senate? Contemporary Moscow. Nikita and Afina are the perfect couple: young, smart, attractive, and in love. Well, perfect, that is, until Afina suddenly leaves Nikita for a 40-year-old dentist. How will Nikita win her back? In 1940s Montreal, a young man wrestles with his emotions for his domineering twin sister and his best friend's girlfriend. In a drab, anonymous gray school governed by a strict authoritarian regime, an apparently unremarkable day is turned on its head following a seemingly ridiculous announcement. Disbelieving at first, the all male, identically uniformed pupils are informed that what they had always been taught as fact is no longer true. When the incredulous students speak out, what initially seems laughably absurd becomes desperately real as they are forced to question how far they will go to stand up for their beliefs. Two &amp; Two is an allegory for the absurdness of dictatorship and tyranny - and the resilience of the human spirit. Just after losing her husband to a similar condition, Dr Anne Turner is diagnosed with a fatal neurological condition. So she plans to end her life herself. Based on a true story. In an attempt to overcome depression, anxiety and OCD, Deen Pine neurotically strives for purpose only to lose his friends, offend a lesbian and denies his denial just to prove he's actually okay. The film tells the story of eight strangers who find life turned upside down when a demonic virus from hell transforms those at a local Tea Party rally into zombies. It's Night of the Living Dead-meets-Evil Dead as the survivors band together to fend off the approaching End Times. A single credit card grabs the attention of many. Who will get it? Still pining for his ex-boyfriend, Geraud has come to a French seaside town to present his new experimental film, but the only person keen on seeing it is the cinema's underage projectionist who becomes smitten with the handsome director. In a small town lost in the middle of nowhere, Edmond Zweck's funeral business is on the wing. The company now has only two employees: Georges, Zweck's right-hand man, and Eddy, a young man still a novice in the trade. One fine morning, however, a dead man pointed his nose. Hope is born again. Georges and Eddy are responsible for leading the deceased to his last abode. But in search of the cemetery that can not be found, the funeral convoy goes astray and the journey turns into a fiasco. A Walter Lantz Oswald the Lucky Rabbit cartoon released April 21, 1932. Two struggling actors get a chance to work on a movie project. Comedy duo try to raise a foundling baby. March 1965. In the heat of the Cold War, the USA and the USSR are competing for supremacy in space. What both superpowers aim for in this race, is to be the first to have a man walk in outer space. To accomplish that, no price is too high and no risk is too great.  Now it's up to the unlikely duo of a seasoned war veteran and a hot-headed test-pilot to fulfill this mission. Two men in a tiny spaceship, without proper testing, facing the complete unknown...  They were supposed to do what no man has done before - and no man imagined what would happen next...  A notoriously shrewish TV drama writer and a Korean wave star who fight like cats and dogs every time they meet; a spinster flight attendant landlady and a nosy chef tenant who build a sense of camaraderie; a genius relationship-virgin composer who harbors a secret admiration for a scatterbrained producer. As they crash-land into each other's lives, will there be love? An intergalactic dog pilot from Sirius (the dog star), visits Earth to verify the rumors that dogs have failed to take over the planet. When a presidential candidate dies unexpectedly in the middle of the campaign, the Democratic party unexpectedly picks a Washington, D.C. alderman, Mays Gilliam (Rock) as his replacement . Aoi Nishimori's parents moved to another city for work, but Aoi didn't want to transfer to a new high school. She stays behind and lives in an apartment by herself. Shusei Kugayama moves in next to Aoi's apartment. Shusei is a very popular student at their high school. Due to a mistake, Aoi makes the sprinkler go off in his room. Until Shusei's room is fixed, he stays with Aoi. When an aspiring rapper goes viral for the wrong reasons, he thinks his career is sunk. But a wild party gives him one more chance to make it right. A fast paced buddy comedy/fantasy about two nerds, their special mateship and their love for Star Wars. A girl and her friends find a game in the attic that summons a creature known as The Midnight Man, who uses their worst fears against them. A group of salacious students party aboard a luxury yacht only to turn on each other as a 9th PASSENGER picks them off one by one. Nikos is a master of funeral ceremonies (that's undertaker to you and me) who doesn't expect much from life. After drunkenly insulting a diplomat at a party, weird things begin to happen for Nikos. The news that a mysterious stranger offended the hated Deputy Prime Minister galvanizes the political elite assembled at the banquet, and a rumor that Nikos can take care of anything spreads like wildfire, making him an idol of the masses. Celebration of an extended family Following a fall during mistletoe picking, Druid Getafix decides that it is time to secure the future of the village. Accompanied by Asterix and Obelix, he undertakes to travel the Gallic world in search of a talented young druid to transmit the Secret of the Magic Potion. Corporal Romi and Lance Corporal Fakrul have been assigned to investigate a case where a college student has been found in a coma and is believed to have been raped. Both of them then go undercover under the code name 'Romeo Kota', which translates to 'City Romeos', and are given a month's time to solve the case. Actress Norma Sands explains why she committed a crime to actor Bob Dallesandro. Nakula experienced an event that changed and haunted his life. He then established a relationship with Aluna, a new student at his school. His relationship with Aluna also made him realize so he could make peace with his past.  Ram helps a couple elope. It turns out that the girl is the daughter of a dreaded don. Through his misadventures, he falls in love with Chandrakala, who happens to be the don's other sister. All hell breaks loose when he finds out this truth. A copywriter who writes small print for prescription drugs, marital aids and incontinence products, while also managing a heroin habit, encounters a troubled young woman who asks for help, he swiftly falls in love, and gets swept up in her scheme to horrify the world.  A very dynamic young lady, Lin, has a thing for Japanese culture while living in Taiwan. Following the 2011 Tohoku earthquake, Lin got a Facebook message from a Japanese guy, Mogi who has been curious about the Japan-friendly country since then. The two start to interact through Facebook. During the golden week holiday, they finally met in person in Taiwan. Time passes quickly when they're together. After their first date, things seemed to move forward at the speed of light. They spent more time talking about their hopes, dreams, fears and finally came to a decision together to try and make things work, despite the circumstances. A Honduran town decides to form a soccer team for some pranksters. Michalina Wislocka, the most famous and recognized sexologist of communist Poland, fights for the right to publish her book, which will change the sex life of Polish people forever. The story of Ajatashatru Oghash Rathod, a fakir who tricks his local village in Rajasthan, India into believing his possesses special powers and into paying him to fly to Paris to buy a bed of nails from an Ikea store. 'Who is Alice' carries us on a darkly funny, compelling and sometimes cringe worthy journey into the highs and lows of what human beings will do to try to avoid pain and connect to happiness. Alice is a 35 year old actress desperately hanging on to her 'new young thing' career. She is willing to sacrifice almost everything in order to reach the top and this mind-bending story takes us down the rabbit hole with her. Two friends seek dating advice from a guy they meet on the Internet. A woman wants to divorce her husband, but is forced to live with him for six months first. Will she long to be with the one she loves, or will she learn to love the one she's with? A German woman in New York is busy redesigning her life from model to designer, but is forced to live with her husband's ex-wife when he disappears. Holden and Banky are comic book artists. Everything is going good for them until they meet Alyssa, also a comic book artist. Holden falls for her, but his hopes are crushed when he finds out she's a lesbian. The life of a father and son and their life experience when son tries to breakup with his lover. Kings should be treated courteously! At least, that's what famous music critic Georg (Josef Hader) thinks. But he finds himself counting pennies when his chief editor (Jorg Hartmann) suddenly fires him from the Viennese newspaper for which he has been writing for decades. While keeping his dismissal a secret from his psychotherapist wife Johanna (Pia Hierzegger), whose mind is occupied solely by getting pregnant, Georg begins to plot his revenge. He is aided by old school friend Erich (Georg Friedrich), and in return the newly liberated Georg helps him repair a rundown rollercoaster in Vienna's Prater Park. Georg's nightly campaigns against his former boss start with small acts of vandalism. They soon escalate to extremes, and Georg's tame, bourgeois life gets completely out of hand... American investment fund buys Austrian companies, but also takes over politics in Vienna. Money still makes the world go round. This wonderful story happened in the age of valiant knights, beautiful princesses, and battling sorcerers. Ruslan, a wandering artist dreaming to become a knight, met beautiful Mila and fell in love with her; he didn't even suspect that she is the King's daughter. However, the lovers' happiness wasn't meant to last too long. Chernomor, the evil sorcerer, appeared in a magic vortex and stole Mila right before Ruslan's eyes to transform her power of love into his own magic power. Without further ado, Ruslan sets out on a chase after the stolen princess to overcome all obstacles and to prove that real love is stronger than magic. Sophie Bellizzi is a hard-working perfectionist who is obsessed with getting her company off the ground. She has a strained relationship with her younger sister Juliana, and an even more difficult one with her grandmother who is obsessed with seeing her only grandchildren married so as to protect the family's wealth. When Sophie breaks it off with her cheating boyfriend, she is abruptly faced with her grandmother's cunning plan to pass her substantial inheritance onto her sister, unless she marries before her 30th birthday, which is in three months time. Sophie has to act fast. At a dark pier in the middle of the night, a boat captain and his mate, Nong, are readying their vessel for the next trip. But what they discover is a shocking: the lifeless body of Mia, the wife of the boat's owner, is hanged from a mast in a gruesome fashion. The corpse also sets off panic among other sailors. The captain orders everyone to calm down. He decides that he has to get rid of the body, and comes up with a plan to throw Mia's body in the middle of the sea. But it's not that simple. Once the ship sets sail, the body hidden in the engine room disappears. Mia's spirit is set loose and wreaking havoc on the boat in the middle of the sea. The ghost terrorizes the sailors, who can't escape anywhere except into the water that surrounds them. Things get worse when a storm hits. The only way to save the boat and everyone on it is to locate Mia's body. But there's more serious question that no one remembers to ask: Who murdered Mia?  Devi works in a bank as cashier, and is very smart. Naveen works in the same bank at the help desk and likes her. Naveen wants to become rich in life and agrees to a gang's plan to steal the data of unclaimed accounts. Apart from the Bank's manager, only Devi has access to this data. He impresses her and gets close to her. One day he steals the data and hands it over to the gang headed by Mahesh. Using the details in the data, Mahesh wants to claim them. Rest of the story is how Naveen manages to escape from this trap and saves the money along with Devi. A ghost enters a palatial mansion and starts attacking the men in the family. What is its back story? A woman on the brink of a marriage proposal is told by a friend that she should date other men before spending the rest of her life with her boyfriend. Richard Massingham gives a comic demonstration of how to cross the road. A gallerist risks her family and flourishing career when she enters into an affair with a talented painter and slowly loses control of her life. After he is diagnosed with an incurable brain tumour, and told he has only three to six months to live, wannabe actor-cum-professional conman Shen Mo (Shen Teng) decides to spend his remaining time doing something more meaningful and for the benefit of society. In the past he has helped the police on several cases, though always kept a low personal profile; now he has decided, with his geeky partner Du Yu (Du Xiaoyu), to personally infiltrate some local criminal gangs, including one, led by Yao Dezhi (Liu Xiaobao), that sells fake medical supplies and another, led by gangster Jia (Xu Ruoqi), that practises phone scams. In a bid to extend his adolescence, Gordon convinces his reluctant fiancee to allow his best-friend Jez and himself to live in the house they have just bought in a bachelor pad situation for the year before they get married. Ruggero, a meek young man, impulsively robs a bank to prove to his ex-wife that he is courageous and masculine. A police investigation engulfs everyone except our unassuming hero who is completely ignored. Through a set of hilarious coincidences, he gets away with the robbery, while corrupt bank officials take the fall for what looks like an inside job. The story has to do with the seven-year marriage between Geng (Pitsanu Nimsakul) and fashion model Bella (Sheranut Yusananda) turning stormy. The bickering husband and wife face their toughest test yet when they wake up one morning and get a shock when they go to the mirror. Interpol partners with a wealthy entrepreneur to protect a new invention dubbed The Seed of God. The life of a young and charming girl who possesses 'special powers' turns topsy-turvy after she encounters an unexpected incident. A group of high school friend after many years go to Paros on holiday. Osman, is a small scale entrepreneur in a middle class neighborhood of Istanbul where he operates from a hangar transformed into an office. He dreams of getting rich through the sales of products imported from the Far East and also self invented products, thus marrying the girl he loves from the neighborhood. The biggest challenge he faces to marry the girl he is in love with is to convince the girls father that he is a successful businessman. Osman believes the only way to do this is making a big breakthrough with his company. He embarks on many adventures to sell his products, all end up in hilarious misfortunes and failures. On his journey to become rich, the only companions he has are Erkan and Songul who is the daughter of a family friend from the neighborhood.  At the end of the day Osman will come to realize that wealth was never far-off. When the death of a father he barely knew interrupts his life, Eddie Garron decides to get to know a part of his family he grew up without. When Eddie and his older brother Owen hit the road they get more than they bargained for as father's past begins to catch up to them. A couple of a certain age take a vacation to get out of the big city. When they realize their stress lies within the relationship, big decisions must be made. When a new dad (Justin Bartha) has to return home to bury his estranged father, things take a turn for the complicated when the dead man's final wish is to have his ashes scattered on the field of his favorite professional sports team. "Beats of Rage is a "ghetto-ass fantasy" set in an apocalyptic world locked in a booze drought. It continues the story of fan-favorite JTRO, a Beat-Beating champion from a legendary bloodline of beat-beaters. On the afternoon of July 1, 1981, Los Angeles police responded to a distress call on Wonderland Avenue and discovered a grisly quadruple homicide. The police investigation that followed uncovered two versions of the events leading up to the brutal murders - both involving legendary porn actor John Holmes. You're about to experience both versions. Paris, December. A conductor of a choir is found mysteriously murdered, with burst eardrums. Lionel Kasdan, a police inspertor the verge of retirement, and Frank Salek, an official of Interpol, embark together on a hunt for the killer, and also to a secret organization specializing in kidnapping children. Paralyzed after a terrible accident, Dana struggles to regain her life and family when she encounters a malevolent ghost in her hospital room. Paul and Jennifer Hemdale have just moved into their dream house. But their happy marriage is about to be put to the test as they slowly discover the secret behind the black room in the cellar. Something else is already living in their new home and it is growing stronger every day.  Yoshie (Yuni Hong) is a member of the theatre club in high school. Due to her older sister Keiko (Sumire Ueno), Yoshie begins acting in a indie film with her friend Akari (Minori Mikado) and theatre club president Aki (Anna Yanagi). Their sadistic director Naomi (Asaka Nakamura) pushes them psychologically and their relationship begins to change. Independent Film Based In Atlanta. "SMH" The Movie Synopsis: One evening, six friends, and one psychic all come together for an innocent psychic reading party. Self disclosed information and psychic reading shenanigans take place and become very questionable. This drama filled comedy will leave you shaking your head. Brought to you by GA Slim Films &amp; Productions and Pretty Young Thing Studios. The lives of a Madrid-based feather-fashion designer and her whole family's completely tumbles after the appearance of a musician long-lost high school crush who is involved with her model sister. Quebec, 1956. The impulsive and headstrong Nelly Maloye, a novice private eye, joins the methodical and pragmatic Simon Picard, a research scientist in a dubious quest to prove the existence of the elusive Yeti. The brave-hearted heroes come face-to-face with countless dangers during their trek through the heart of the Himalayas. October, 2008. Young nun Colleen is avoiding all contact from her family, until an email from her mother announces, "Your brother is home." On returning to her childhood home in Asheville, NC, she finds her old room exactly how she left it: painted black and covered in goth/metal posters. Her parents are happy enough to see her, but unease and awkwardness abounds. Her brother is living as a recluse in the guesthouse since returning home from the Iraq war. During Colleen's visit, tensions rise and fall with a little help from Halloween, pot cupcakes, and GWAR. Little Sister is a sad comedy about family - a schmaltz-free, pathos-drenched, feel good movie for the little goth girl inside us all. The story of two lovers who are united in an environment hostile to dating of any kind. Barakah is municipal civil servant from Jeddah and an amateur actor in a theatre troupe. Barakah is a wild beauty, who functions as a crowd-puller for her stylish mother's boutique and runs her own widely-seen vlog. They both defy customs and traditions, as well as the religious police, using modern communication technologies and traditional dating methods. This Live Show Documentary introduces the band and gives insight into their history and chronicles the 6 years since Motion City Soundtrack's inception. Five strangers who met online decide to shoot a short film in an old mansion but instead experience paranormal activity during their activities. Unlucky Dasha believes that it will help the online training - for a month visit the 30 dates, and then the man of her dreams will find her. Just to stay alive after a meeting with crazy cavalry and try to discern among them the perfect man. Sara loses his parents, which forces her to go to a corner of prostitution,where she meets Marcela, a transgender woman. When Marcela finds out that Sara is a virgin, she decides to protect her, knowing it will get her into trouble with her bosses if they find out. A happy-go-lucky Shobhan tries to help his friend improve his love life until things become complicated for both of them and tests their friendship. Though Kannan loves Revathy, his neighbour and childhood pal, he lies to his friends that she too is in love with him. So, when Revathy's family, respected - and feared - in the village, arranges her wedding with another, his friends decide to get the lovers together at all costs and send an inebriated and unconscious Kannan and a drugged Revathy off to Kerala in the hope that her family will accept the couple once they are married. How does their plan play out? Seven strangers find themselves trapped in an underground storage facility, struggling to survive while being hunted by a supernatural beast that resides inside the mysterious 13th unit. Mechanic brothers Pappi and Chethanappi runs competing shops and frequently quarrel with each other. Their favorite Yezdi bike, used in the bike race to settle their fights comes in the possession of Philipose. Trying to reverse a family curse, brothers Jimmy and Clyde Logan set out to execute an elaborate robbery during the legendary Coca-Cola 600 race at the Charlotte Motor Speedway. A migrant tale of sisterhood and music celebrating unconventional friendships and the power of diversity. Directed by Larbi Bennani and Abdelaziz Ramdani. Through deserted Scandinavian landscapes, a robot monk follows a little red man. Only when they find a wounded teddy bear do they have a common goal. The story tracks to the life of a village girl, Tripura (Swathi Reddy), who sees the future through dreams. She meets Chandra (Naveen Chandra) and eventually get married to him to kick-start a new life, moving to the city. But what is troubling her from having a happy life? What role does Eesha (Pooja) play in Chandra and Tripura's life? When her Brazilian, senator father is arrested for involving his entire family in campaign finance fraud, a spoiled, rich, Brazilian socialite must suddenly start a new life in America without friends, money, a place to live or a greencard. A man finds out he's in an open marriage. Two weeks before the birth of her first child, New Yorker Shaina Feinberg, recounts her reluctant journey to motherhood in a video letter to her son. Clearly influenced by old Woody Allen films, her letter becomes a series of vignettes that include her newly sober husband, her goofy Upper West Side parents, an adorable Shih Tzu, a neurotic shrink and her own views on daytime television. Victoria Frankenstein is in love with Marylou, the hottest surfer girl on the beach. When Marylou is mauled to death by boob-eating shark, Victoria jumps at the chance to make a new best friend. The only problem is, she's a real monster. Before the T.I.C and the Clappers crew were formed, the members worked for a ruthless Yardie boss, Beverly. One of the boys, Jay has ambitions to set up on his own. He has no money, his car keeps getting towed away, every move he makes to get money and lift himself out of the everyday struggle is unsuccessful.  Inspired by his high-flying girlfriend, Selene, he sets about laying the foundations for his own organised crime ring. Things are going seemingly well until he is arrested and Beverley discovers his hidden ambition. An ill-fated robbery after a stint in jail and a trip to Jamaica tears the crew apart. All their actions are being monitored by an undercover police officer who goes by the street name 'Gunz', who has been deployed by the Met Police to ingratiate himself with the crew.  With the same grit, humour and action sequences as its' predecessor, 'THE COME UP' promises to follow 'THE INTENT' in becoming an instant cult classic but with international reach. Set in old rural district, Charlie pretends to be an ALS patient so he can gain sympathy from others. He runs a charity organization where he secretly carries out all sorts of nasty business. The village chief Fung Yan-bing is a dishonest man who likes to test others with money and take advantage of them. Along comes a beautiful woman named Yu Zan, a materialistic lady who loves money more than anything. However, the woman is carrying the baby of her ex-boyfriend who is a well-known tycoon's heir. The arrival of the baby will soon change the mentalities and nature of the three problematic human beings  During World War 2 the Germans arrested people at random off the streets of Paris and in retaliation to sabotage by the resistance announced the execution of one in ten prisoners. Chosen as one of the victims, lawyer Chavel trades his place with another man in return for all his possessions. At the end of the war he returns to his house and tries to integrate himself with the family of the man who traded places with him, all the while hiding his true identity. However matters are complicated when a stranger arrives claiming to be Chavel. Omanakuttan is an introverted salesman who is down on confidence and luck. Spurred on by his colleague he decides to change himself and tries to act like a flirt. He meets Pallavi a free spirited girl, but as luck would have it he wakes up with memory loss and struggles to figure out who he really is. Both of them join in on an adventure to figure out the real Omanakuttan. Ramakrishnan, a police constable, is posted as a driver at Elathur women police station. He has to deal with the fiery sub-inspector, Arundhathi Varma, to save his job. Chul-Soo is the only son of a legendary thief family. He falls in love with Young-Hee who is a police officer. Her family is also a police family. To get her parents' permission to marry,  Chul-Soo undertakes an exam to become a police officer, but both families work to prevent their marriage. A man wakes up one morning with an annoying ringing sound in his ears. A note on the fridge says: "Your friend Luigi has died. P.S. I took the car". The problem is that he does not even remember who this guy Luigi is. This is just the beginning of a tragicomic day during which he will be plunged into the folly of the world. One of those days that changes your life forever. An unlikely love story between polar opposites Uno and CJ two strangers, and how one night changes their lives forever. Unforeseen circumstances collide and force Uno and CJ to live under the same roof as they both deal with their sense of responsibility and their yearning for security. Uno is motivated by his sense of family while CJ is governed by an unconditional love that should put her first above everything else. The unlikely thing that binds Uno and CJ together paves the way for them to find in each other the kind of love they never thought they needed. Two university students gain insight into life and love as they get to know each other during a road trip across Europe. Alvaro, a man obsessed with the idea of writing what he brands as "high literature," manipulates the lives and feelings of the people around him to write about the consequences caused by his devious acts. For ten years, Eriko has been chasing her dream of becoming an actress in Tokyo. Returning to her hometown for her older sister's funeral, she realizes that she might have to readjust her path in life. She deciof the to take care of her nephew and to follow in her sister's footsteps as a mourner-for-hire. A rich young man hires his classmate to pretend to be his girlfriend to appease his father. Though it is meant to be purely a business arrangement, real sparks fly as they spend time together. A funny and irresistible story of a young girl who literally cannot see or hear her mother, even though she is living with her under the same roof. With the help of an eccentric psychiatrist, and a local, accidental hero, our heroine has to grow up, but falls in love and eventually takes hold of her future - despite not being able to see what's right in front of her. Loosely based on tales by E. T. A. Hoffman. In a wonderland inhabited by fiery salamanders and winged spirits, good fights evil in search of a life-giving talisman whose finder will rule the world.  A piano teacher struggles with the dark legacy of his family: he once witnessed his father beating a man to death. Fearing a genetic inclination for violence he struggles to stay sane when he is pulled down the dark path of an illegal firm that sells revenge for hire. Set at the end of the Sengoku period to early Edo period, "Sanada Ten Braves" follows 10 members of a ninja group who all serve under samurai warrior Yukimura Sanada. Julius and Vincent Benedict are the results of an experiment that would allow for the perfect child. Julius was planned and grows to athletic proportions. Vincent is an accident and is somewhat smaller in stature. Vincent is placed in an orphanage while Julius is taken to a south seas island and raised by philosophers. Vincent becomes the ultimate low life and is about to be killed by loan sharks. Jacques is an actor who runs away to the countryside to escape his gambling debts. He meets Simon, a rough and wily farmer who manipulates him into a business relationship. After a difficult start, the men help each other grow marijuana. They happen to meet Francesca, a sharp young woman who soon embraces their venture. By the time they get to the winter harvest, the three have learned to live together, but outside forces threaten the delicate balance of their little business... David Callaway tries to piece together his life in the wake of his wife's suicide and has been left to raise his nine-year-old daughter, Emily on his own. David is at first amused to discover that Emily has created an imaginary friend named 'Charlie', but it isn't long before 'Charlie' develops a sinister and violent side, and as David struggles with his daughter's growing emotional problems, he comes to the frightening realisation that 'Charlie' isn't just a figment of Emily's imagination. Krishna (Nani) and Mahalakshmi (Mehreen) have been in love since childhood. But he is a coward and she is the sister of a local factionist. Prakshan runs an electrical hardware shop and is known by all the people of that village. As the story progresses, the entry of a mysterious girl in Prakshan's life unfolds a lot of suspense and comical moments. A horror film festival, held in a theater which was once the scene of a tragic fire, turns into a real life horror show. This riotously funny satire on Pakistan's media industry explores the dark underbelly of a reality show that has the nation enthralled as a channel owner who will do anything for higher ratings. It narrates the story of two grandmothers in the backdrop of their children, families, and an old age home. Italian comedy directed by and starring Vincenzo Salemme, with Paolo Calabresi and Carlo Buccirosso. The two tradesmen Ib and Edward are tired of their lifeless marriages and dream of living the good life from the stash of money they've earned moonlighting for years. After a huge fight with their wives the two men get drunk and hire a Russian contract killer to do a hit on their spouses. But they have badly underestimated their wives, and this becomes the start of an absurd journey where Ib and Edward to their own horror end at the top of a kill list. College students risk it all to expose a clandestine military project to weaponize love. Three bumbling underlings who are tasked with smuggling cocaine get into problems during their journey. 25 year-old Dwayne McLaren, a former athlete turned auto mechanic, dreams of getting out of tiny Cut Bank, Montana the coldest town in America. But his effort to do so sets in moton a deadly series of events that change his life and the life of the town forever... A recently divorced couple, decide to remarry again, partially for business purpose. But, according to matrimony law, they can't marry again unless the woman goes through another marriage first.  Knowing this, they intend to get past the rule, by hiring someone to be a contract husband. Ethan, a sullen high-school student whose life is defined by what he hates, finds love with a blindly optimistic Christian girl Trinity, much to the annoyance of his angst-filled band mates and her evangelistic brethren. It's Christmas Eve, and a soon-to-be-shit-canned maintenance gopher (Dan Palmer) is changing light bulbs and cleaning toilets instead of drinking egg nog and making out with drunk receptionists at the annual office party. Unfortunately for this forlorn floor-sweeper, he chooses to use the ladies restroom the very second a zombie outbreak occurs! Will he bowl us over and flush away the undead or (like in his pre-apocalypse life) simply remain ...Stalled? Malcolm and Lily try to start their lives as they watch Malcolm's grandparents' fall apart. Lena owns a forgotten bar next to a highway where the trucks zip by but rarely stop. She is eight months pregnant and has been abandoned by her former lover, Colonel Mattos, of the Sao Paulo police. One day, she meets Vilela, a former policeman wanted for a crime he committed in Sao Paulo. Colonel Mattos was Vilela's superior, and his presence is continually felt by the pair. Two further elements add texture to the plot - the inhospitable landscape and the new baby's crying, which slowly makes life unbearable for the couple. Based on an original stage play by Fernando Bonassi, the film delves into the souls of two Brazilians isolated in one of the country's nameless reaches. A love story and a metaphor taken to extremes: a glimpse at an unequal society which excludes many of its citizens, pushing them into violent adventures of love and death. Yu began to worry about his ex girlfriend and hesitated to make a decision on an abortion or allowing a birth of their baby. This also sparks a conflict accidentally with his present lover. A couple is going through marital troubles made worse when a previously unknown grandson shows up. Drop dead please! Following the sudden death of a mysterious engine driver in his sixties, the Wife, the Lover, her illegitimate Daughter and an increasing number of shady characters from his spurious past want to know the true identity of the man they loved. They are dying to know which of them was really loved by him, and where he has hidden the fantastic fruit of his double life. In their deadly struggle, our heroes find themselves in the center of a satirical crime comedy, the sinful roots of which stretch back to the eighties, the closing decade of the socialist era. 15 minutes of fame destroys the life of a man who works as a clapper in television. In a suburban community, moms and dads, one after the other, mysteriously feel the irresistible impulse to attack and kill their own offspring. Pakistan-born comedian Kumail Nanjiani and grad student Emily Gardner fall in love but struggle as their cultures clash. When Emily contracts a mysterious illness, Kumail finds himself forced to face her feisty parents, his family's expectations, and his true feelings. The unusual adventures are expecting the guests a luxury hotel in St Moritz during Christmas vacation . A play of light and shadow in a virtual world. Wisecracking mercenary Deadpool battles the evil and powerful Cable and other bad guys to save a boy's life. A shopkeeper takes God to court when his shop is destroyed by an earthquake Florencia, a rising actress, ends up falling in love with her co-star, a famous film star. When they decide to marry, Florencia becomes aware that in reality she fell in love with the character and that her husband is indeed a real idiot. This time around BoBoiBoy goes up against a powerful ancient being called Retak'ka, who is after BoBoiBoy's elemental powers. He and his friends will have to stop their mysterious new foe from carrying out his sinister plans. Before their eventual team-up with Scooby and the gang, bright and optimistic Daphne and whip-smart and analytical Velma are both mystery-solving teens who are best friends but have only met online - until now. Daphne has just transferred to Velma's school, Ridge Valley High, an incredible tech-savvy institute with all the latest gadgets provided by the school's benefactor, tech billionaire Tobias Bloom. And while competition is fierce among the students for a coveted internship at Bloom Innovative, Daphne and Velma dig beyond all the gadgets and tech to investigate what is causing some of the brightest students in school to disappear - only to emerge again in a zombie-fied state. Arranged Marriage v/s Love Marriage.. Film directed by Martin L. Carlton. Malcolm's life is crumbling after surviving a car accident that took the life of his daughter. He's losing his focus, direction and faith. But altercations with a rebellious gang member reveal the power of forgiveness and save Malcolm's faith. The life you love may be your own.... The wife of a much older man finds herself attracted to their neighbour's son, who is closer to her age. 1000 : Oru Note Paranja Katha (English: 1000 - Story narrated by rupee note) is a 2015 Indian Malayalam thriller film directed by A. R. C. Nair. The film features Bharath, Mukesh and Maqbool Salmaan in the lead roles along with Leema Babu and Kalaranjini in key supporting roles. The film was released worldwide on 13 February 2015. Abhimanyu Roy is stuck with writer's block until he decides to re-live the memories of his childhood sweetheart Bindu who aspires to be a successful singer and struggles to give Abhi the one thing he craves - stability. Hollywood collides with a group of veterans who are tired of the typical PTSD and valor-portrayed movies and decide to make an original dark humor zombie apocalypse film all on their own. After fleeing an arranged marriage, a feisty Indian woman finds herself stranded in Pakistan where the ex-governor's son helps reunite her with her boyfriend. 1975: A 200-ton blue whale gets washed up on a local beach and the kids think it's the biggest thing that's ever happened in Australia. Behind closed doors, the Mums and Dads of a quiet suburban street are going to celebrate in their own special way, by joining the sexual revolution and throwing a wife-swapping key party.  And like the rotting whale, it's all about to go spectacularly wrong. This comedy takes its cue from such female-centered films as "Bridesmaids" and "Trainwreck." Pic centers on a woman who makes a living from breaking up couples and decides to take on the task of splitting up her sister's relationship with her jerk of a boyfriend. Reverend Brooks leads the town in a contest to stop smoking for a month, But some tobacco executives don't want them to win, and try everything they can to make them smoke. If townspeople don't go nuts, from wanting a cigarette, or kill each other from irritation and frustration, they will will a huge prize. Fung looks like a super-heartthrob and was bon with a special endowment, making him the high school idol. He was expelled from school when he was caught fighting on campus. When his mom, the sole provider of his family with her poultry business, had to stop working due to her back problems, Fung decides to support his family financially. And from that moment, his life takes on a tumultuous change... Evan, Johnny, and Irwin are best friends since childhood. One day, all three of them are dumped by their girlfriends. While drunk, Evan comes across a website called "Get Your Dream iGirl". All he needs to do is enter the criteria of his dream girl and upon payment, he will get what he wants.On an impulse, Evan throws in his life savings. He receives a parcel containing parts of a human model, which he assembles into a woman figure. The next day, he finds the mannequin is alive... When the body of the executive of hockey Benoit Brisset is found on the billboard of the border of Quebec and Ontario, the jurisdiction of the crime is shared between the two police forces and detectives David Bouchard from Montreal and Martin Ward from Toronto are assigned to work together. With totally different styles, attitudes and languages. When Canterlot Highschool goes on a trip to Camp Everfree, they're surprised to find a magical force is causing strange things to happen around camp. With the help of the Mane 6 and especially Sunset Shimmer, Twilight Sparkle must confront the dark "Midnight Sparkle" within herself  and embrace her newfound magical abilities to save the camp. Chico (Caco Ciocler) is tired of the relationship and his wife's, Nena (Ingrid Guimaraes), complaints. After spending 15 years together Chico has zero corauge to ask for a divorce. He decides to follow his friends advice and hire a lover to his wife, the womanizer Corvo (Domingos Montagner), in hopes that she gets involved with him and ends their marriage. Abhi (Ankush Hazra), son of a rich business man loves Bhoomika (Subhasree Ganguly) since childhood. Though people think him as a spoilt brat, but actually he is a good person by heart. He doesn't care what people think about him. He loves Bhoomika and can do anything for his love. However, Bhoomika does not like him. She joins a college in Darjeeling to pursue higher studies. Meanwhile, Abhi also takes admission in the same college in pursuit to win his love. A giant whale appears and flies above Sakura New Town. With the whale's sound of crying, some changes occur to Kenta Amano and Yokai. The story deals with the question that why virginity is a privilege for men and justification for a woman. A genetically enhanced man shark, created by less than brilliant scientist, causes death and destruction wherever it decides to go... Oh, and the shark wields a chainsaw! A family with diversified members travels to Istanbul from Yozgat after their youngest son fell in love with a girl. Coffee And Cigarettes is a collection of eleven films from cult director Jim Jarmusch. Each film hosts star studded cast of extremely unique individuals who all share the common activities of conversing while drinking coffee and smoking cigarettes. Two backyard wrestlers decide to go pro. Unfortunately for them - they suck. The movie follows three directors, three group of students, three stories, who all aim at the upcoming National Students' Talent Competition, where all the students training hard to perform on stage to win the game. The employees of a radio station in Moscow are forced to organize the elections campaign for a future governor in one of Russia districts. A young woman, Lena, drives to her father's second funeral after a vault error. On the way, she picks up two brothers who are hitchhiking. This unlikely meeting at a crucial moment in her life will change the course of her journey. Lucio and Martina used to share an indescribable chemistry during their highschool years, however, they took separate ways. 25 years later they meet again, but this time they decide to invent an ideal life in order to hide themselves from an inevitable truth: they were really waiting for each other in all of these years. Kitten calls her son Beau when her GILF bordello is robbed by a grotesque burlesque gang. A full- throttle, rock n rollin' feast of camp destruction and dangerous dance numbers ensues. When a mother reunites her family in Suriname for Christmas, two brothers - one living in Holland, one still in Suriname - have a hard time to get along with each other after a rumor spreads gold was found in their father's land. The Chhottu gang brought terror on the land and the people living there, a group of police force have been sent there to put a stop to the Chottu Gang although this would not be a solid operation, it would be a bloody dog war fight for the strong. Mal-hee, brought up by strict single father, is a 33-year-old virgin. Everybody except her seems to have a decent sex, even her conservative father died while having heated sex. What is worse, Se-young who enjoyed sex storms with Mal-hee's father intrudes her life claiming Mal-hee's father had a will that he would give his house to her. Mal-hee has no choice but living with Se-young to keep her father's reputation. However Mal-hee is slowly fascinated by Se-young's frank attitude, and finally decides to get laid before too late. Following Se-young's instruction, Mal-hee is set to seduce her Mr. Right. News about the disappearance of panties is still being covered every day.  Kyosuke (Ryohei Suzuki) still wears Aiko Completo's (Fumika Shimizu) panties to battle evil. Meanwhile, Aiko has mixed emotions and decides to get her panties back. Kyosuke suffers from the loss of Aiko's panties and disappears, but his biggest enemy yet is about to materialise... Celine, Thomas and Maxence always go by three. Just like the republican motto. They want to get married, to get a house, work, good children and eat oysters every day. Rebellious and ill adapted to the furious economical and administrative reality, they ride their burning quad bikes and travel across an afflicted France, looking for new landmarks, deserts strewn with bipeds and moments of ephemeral bliss.  Jiya is a rich girl who has a distinctive personality and has great hopes and dreams. An unfortunate incident shook her life. At this juncture two guys Pranav and Prince enter Jiya's life with definite intentions. It's love at first sight when a rebellious playboy falls in love with a girl. He now has to go to great lengths to win her heart. In 1620, the Assembly of the Pilgrims decides to emigrate to the young America because of the persecution they suffer by the English crown. The film tells the adventurous journey of the Pilgrims to an unknown land and future.  A 1982 Tamil film. After her husband's death, Hana lives on alone in the family villa. Her two sons visit her with their families, but these visits frequently end in quarrels. When Hana meets Brona, a hardy fellow, inured to winter swimming, a new world opens before her. Brona's team-mates absorb her into their team and Hana gradually learns to overcome her fear of icy water. Her relation with Brona grows into love.  After the end of his relationship with Irene, friends and co-workers attempt to find Victor a new girlfriend, but even after he starts a relationship with Lola, he does not want to forget Irene. His existence is suddenly turned upside down when inexplicable things start to happen around him.  Something is possessing people, causing their behaviour to change. With exaggerated, eye-popping style, this tall tale of Lewis and Clark becomes a romping spoof of American ego. Follow the explorers out on the trail as they discover that destiny may be anything but manifest. An American filmmaker travels to modern day Berlin to make a film based on a real-life incident from 1942 in which 13 Jewish prisoners from a concentration camp were promised freedom if they appeared in a German propaganda film. Unfortunately, the Germans lied. The psychological process undergone by the modern filmmaker while shooting the story provides the basis of this arty and challenging film. Co-workers question their marriages for a variety of issues, including anger management, child-like spouses and manipulative children. At 18, right after the Second World War, Birgitta Stenberg bought a one-way ticket to Europe. Far from Sweden, she plunges into a wild life with bohemians from around the world. She falls in love, gets exploited, takes drugs, and exploits others. Her life is forever shaped by these years and these people. A life on the fringe.  In The Wild Ones she travels to places like New York, Paris and Rome, returning to former lovers of both sexes. They face their choices and the consequences. Was it truly free to live like that? Was it worth it? A wastrel tries to get the hand of the girl he is in love with but, convincing her father will be most difficult. The son of a millionaire and his butler are trying to boycott his father's wedding by contracting the services of a fake wedding planner. However, they have to confront the future mother-in-law, who will not be tricked that easily and will do anything to make the wedding a reality A man is forced to marry a tree to ward off ill-luck that surrounds his love-life which turns into a nightmare when the tree is embodied by a spirit with an unfinished business. An ordinary guy suddenly finds himself forced to fight a gladiator-like battle for a dark website that streams the violence for viewers. Miles must fight heavily armed Nix and also save his kidnapped ex-girlfriend.   Contemporary Moscow. Sasha Titov is a successful executive, reveling in the single life. One day, a ten-year-old girl, Alya, shows up at his penthouse, claiming to be his daughter. Can this incorrigible bachelor learn to be a father?   Siddhartha is the story of a young Brahmin and his search for a meaningful way of life. His journey takes him through periods of harsh asceticism, sensual pleasures, material wealth, self-revulsion and eventually to the oneness and harmony that he had been seeking. The story is based on the best-selling novel by German Nobel Prize winner Hermann Hesse. To start again. one has to destroy. A bunch of really cool stuff happens, just watch it. Trust me. When a 17-year-old learns the TV news host she pines for is engaged, she and her best friend launch an elaborate plan to prevent his marriage. A dispute for the inheritance of the father of this family is the motor for this comedy,  where siblings Andrea and Hector start a discussion with their aunt, who turns out to be the universal heiress of their father's because they don't comply with the rules established by their father. Raja Babu is a rich, spoiled, country bumpkin who lives a carefree, luxury lifestyle until the girl he loves rejects him and his parents reveal that he was adopted. Jack is a divorced, ex CIA agent, living in his disabled father's home (Jeff the Drunk from the Howard Stern Show), His daughter Sharon, wants to become an actress and needs her father's signature permission to fly to Hollywood for Black Casting Couch Auditions, where she eventually gets kidnapped by ISIS. They Kidnapped the Wrong Daughter, as her father Jack, possesses a particular set of skills. One by One is a brutal revenge-western on motorbikes. A woman called Sentenza is out for revenge on three biker bandits who assaulted her and killed her husband. It contains one of the most vicious scenes in cinema. Open! Open! 2015 The tap water is contaminated in a city and the majority of the population meets affected, a group of survivors is going to the mountain to find security... Neil is a painter and graphic designer. On a morning just like any other morning his girlfriend Amanda leaves him and moves out of their house (don't worry, it's a rental.) That morning Neil tries to cope as best he knows how, but in a strange turn of events he ends up shooting back a glass of bleach. He wakes up to suicide watch and court appointed therapy as well as the empty void Amanda left. Now Neil has to decide what he can do to feel better about himself. Should he get Amanda back? Make his old friends like him again? Confront his estranged father? Eat a ton of Chinese food? Or maybe he should just finish his latest goddamned painting. Will he figure it out? Well you better hope so. The life of beautiful, irrepressible Christina starts falling apart when she learns that her husband Paulius has some unfinished business with dangerous men, stolen money and other women. Pop superstar Jordan Jaye has a big dream - he just wants to live like a regular teenager. When he's chased down by some excited female fans, he finds a perfect hideout and a reluctant new friend from a small town, high-school art student, Emily Lowe. Despite being from different worlds, they soon discover they have way more in common than they ever imagined. Over the course of several days, the two embark on an unexpected journey of friendship, first love and self-discovery -- proving that maybe opposites really do attract. A comedy about a real estate agent who becomes the last chief of a sinking pacific island. A young black man searches for his identity in the aftermath of a fatal shooting in South Side, Chicago. Bossman and his employees goes to Vietnam to find new workers for his company, but instead of getting new workers they got a lot of new troubles. Professional bodyguards pull a tough assignment. Bingo, the runaway circus dog, is off the leash and saving Chuckie's life! Bingo and the boy become the best of friends in this canine comedy featuring doggy disguises and skateboarding, pinball and prison. Chuckie and his parents (Cindy Williams and David Rasche) are moving house, a thousand miles away, but Bingo won't be allowed to join them. Chuckie and Bingo's determination to be reunited is t In a lake high in the mountains of New Zealand hunter Gibbie Gibson discovers a plane wreck from WW2. When he tells it around, a gang of crooks follows and threatens him and his daughter, because they know there are 50 million dollars in the wreck. Helicopter pilot Barney helps Gibbie against them, risking his life thereby. Alik, 25, has been raised by his grandfather, conductor of a renowned classical orchestra in post-Soviet Armenia where cultural institutions are failing and oligarchs allied with the mafia hold power. Alik, a clarinetist, is the virtuoso in this orchestra whose existence is seriously threatened when its key sponsor is murdered. One night, Alik comes into possession of a hired killer's mysterious telephone, which is used only to commission hits. Manipulated by a crook's daughter with whom he falls hopelessly in love and wishing to save the orchestra at all costs, Alik decides to take on the identity of the killer known as "The Virtuoso" and attempt to carry out his contracts. But Alik is a virtuoso musician, not a killer. On the heels of booking a life-changing motion picture, a film director drives away his girlfriend and aggressively re-enters the LA dating scene. Thomas Capper is an unconventional and mysterious serial killer who takes aim at a Hollywood film set, by unleashing his own brand of retribution on the cast and crew. Sabina is a spoiled daughter of rich parents from Almaty. Her entire life is night clubs and expensive clothes. The young lady's lifelong dream is to marry an Arabian sheikh and move from Kazakhstan to Dubai, to live in the Jumeirah Beach. However, once upon a time Sabina's life dramatically changes, so she becomes the wife of shepherd Zhanibek and a typical Kazakh daughter-in-law. Now her new dream is escape from the village. A teen's cancer diagnosis makes her more popular at school, so when she goes into remission, she decides to conceal the news. One man must fight for his life against a murderous snake. The boss orders to Bruce, Stefano and Luigi to bring an important and mysterious briefcase to Basile. Place of delivery? A DAMNED RIVER! Sheela, an English activist of Indian origin, learns that her father has died, devoured by a tiger! Despite her hatred for this father who returned to India thereby abandoning her and her mother, Sheela and her husband go to India to sell the property she inherited. When they arrive, they encounter Bindu, a white hippie, who declares himself to be her father's spiritual son, and who claims his right for the property. Not without charming Sheela... A girl relocates to a small town only to find it inhabited by ghosts. A struggle against a bad spirit ensues to keep the town's children safe. In Ger(wo)many, when an army of radical females is preparing for a final revolution and a utopian world without men, a young male soldier arrives seeking refuge at the convent. On December 19th, 1983, the dream was taken away. The most coveted trophy of all time, the Jules Rimet Cup disappeared from the headquarters of CBF, the Brazilian Football Association. Let me explain: every 4 years FIFA holds a Football World Cup. Back then, only a country that won the Cup three times could keep the trophy for good. This privilege was reserved to Brazil when they won for the 3rd time in 1970. The beautiful trophy was kept as a symbol of superiority in the headquarters of CBF, in Rio de Janeiro. "Jules and Dolores" is a pop comedy that tell us the real, preposterous and unusual story behind this theft.  Der Konig der Kannibalen (aka King of the Cannibals or Cannibal Messiah) is a slapstick, goofball splatter film written by Master W and co-directed by Master W and Crippler Criss (see also the segment entitled "The Secret of the Magic Mushrooms" in Troma's Mutantz, Nazis, and Zombies collection). It would appear that together these filmmakers go by the name of P.S.Y.C.H.O. Productions (you can't help but notice that half the cast is wearing that company's t-shirt). I wouldn't have thought that a low budget comedy about cannibals that runs close to 120 minutes would be something I'd enjoy, but it turns out I was very wrong. Lifelong friends Kate (Mamrie Hart), Evie (Grace Helbig) and Charlie (Hannah Hart) are in a rut. Kate spends her days at a middling job and her nights alone or on failed dates. Evie is married with the in-laws from hell, wandering from one charitable cause to the next. Charlie has the girl of her dreams but just can't seem to pull her business (or her act) together. On the eve of Kate's 30th birthday, she agrees to let Evie and Charlie throw her a party. But what's supposed to be a simple celebration becomes a wild who's who of past and present, and things quickly spiral out of control. Ben and Barnabas are unseparatable since they are small. The two of them, however, are no ordinary pair of brothers, for Barnabas, with his twenty-two years, remained mentally at the age of three. Haldun Derman as director of religious clips, his primary actor had a scandal and decides to return his family town in Carsamba. He mets mafia leader and takes lead of a newly established local TV channel. Turkish comedy directed by Murat Senoy.   A power egomaniac is thrown a party, but the attendees have no intention of honoring the hated man, rather to teach him a cruel lesson. Selo has been working as a caretaker at the Private Emereminal Place Hospital, opened by the Cemal emissary. Cemal brings a manager from Germany to the hospital. Mrs. Ingrid from Germany applies German discipline. Best friends Ford and Noah both fall for Callie, potentially spelling the end of their friendship. But then the besties come up with an idea that Callie just might be cool enough to date both of them at the same time. The film is a comedy film that revolves around three strangers who met by chance and went on a road trip to Penang. On their journey north, they unknowingly played havoc and poured cold water on the plans of two crime gangs who are at war with each other. In spite of their disinterest in marriage, two very different people find love. Blackcraft Wrestling's first iPPV "Burning Bridges"  Main Event: Johnny Mundo v Jimmy Havoc v Brody King! Contemporary Moscow. While riding her bicycle one day, Alyona, a shy librarian, accidentally collides with Liza, a dazzling blonde. When she wakes up in the hospital, she discovers that she and Liza have exchanged bodies. Clint Eastwood plays a bounty hunter who helps out the wife of a bail-jumper after her child is kidnapped by neo-Nazi types. When the video of a once-famous emo band performing impromptu karaoke together goes viral, a door opens for the possibility of a reunion the day of the guitarist's Christmastime wedding. In a construction site under the full moon, construction workers dig too deep and inadvertently wake up Joe (Alex Lam), a vampire that has been lying underground for a century. Dazzled by the vibrancy of a modern city at night, Joe wanders around and runs into Apple (J. Arie), a jilted girl planning to kill herself. Eager for a taste of blood, Joe follows her home and helps her and her grandmother get rid of thugs sent by a real estate developer who wish to buy them off. What started as a battle for property turns out to be a battle among vampires. In life of a talented copywriter Alex there comes a black strip. Everything he undertakes, comes to an end with a total failure, even the most good intentions turn into an accident. Only his best friend Dima and a dog Snoopy are nearby. Rescue comes unexpectedly: the real miracle laptop, by means of which even the most cherished dreams can become reality falls into Alex's hands: expensive cars, magnificent house, money... But his main goal is - to get a job in the prestigious advertising agency and to deserve love of a cover-girl Mary who is going about with Fyodor, the deputy head of advertising agency. The power and money spoil Alex, but passing through many adventures he understands that even the finest and magic device won't be able to supply love, friendship and real life. A musical which begins with six men and a woman singing; then a dance number; finally, the six men and woman sing again. A simpleton guy Anand and a modern girl Akshara fall in love and decide to get married. However, their lives turn upside down when Akshara's past walks back in her life, making her have second thoughts on their wedding day. A woman struggles to escape the clutches of her overbearing, co-dependent mother, while gradually falling for a sexy, sophisticated attorney. Tim's parents start a hotel business on the coast. Their dream comes true, but Tim is less excited. Moving, a new school, new friends, hopefully: he is not sure what to expect. Next, he discovers a frozen man in the basement. When he comes to, it turns out to be a spy who had a thrilling adventure there thirty years ago. Together, they try to find out what happened back then, while new mysteries keep piling up. Contemporary Moscow. Danya, a struggling actor, has just lost his girlfriend. His troubles soon multiply when his younger brother Dima shows up at his apartment with a friend who has a bullet in his stomach.  Austin's hottest DJ, Jungle Julia, sets out into the night to unwind with her two friends Shanna and Arlene. Covertly tracking their moves is Stuntman Mike, a scarred rebel leering from behind the wheel of his muscle car, revving just feet away.  Carpenter Andersen and Santa Claus makes a deal which saves Christmas for them both. Dahab and Rida, two young Lebanese who have been in love for 10 years, are still trying to find a suitable job that will open up new horizons for their future and allow them to start a family. One day luck smiles upon them, giving them the chance to work at presidential palace alongside the president and the first lady. Zhao Di takes over her family farm with the help of Ah Long after the 1969 floods. After the government started reclaiming land for development in 1977, licensed owners like Zhao Di are compensated but her brother accuses her of having an affair with Ah Long to get the money for himself. Meanwhile, Osman does not approve of his son playing in a rock band as he fears the negative influence, causing his son to run away from home. As for Ah Hee and Rani, they decide to get married but their traditional parents are against it. "No one loves anyone for more than two years" is an adaptation of Nelson Rodrigues' work about five couples that live in Brazil in the early 60's, who are seen by the society as conventional people, but whose intimate lives turn out to be morally questionable. Two Frederick Ashton ballets in one exquisite evening performance. Principals Natalia Osipova and Steven McRae dance Ashton's Rhapsody, created for The Royal Ballet in 1980 by Mikhail Baryshnikov and Lesley Collier, with spectacular choreography to suit the dancers' star reputations.  Lauren Cuthbertson and Vadim Muntagirov lead a charismatic cast in Ashton's poignant and heart-warming reflection on Love, The Two Pigeons, based on an old French folk tale and first performed on Valentine's Day 1961.  These two ballets by the Company's Founder Choreographer capture The Royal Ballet's famous skill and distinctive style. Barry Wordsworth conducts the Orchestra of the Royal Opera House in the rapturous Rachmaninoff and Messager scores. A journalist gets mixed up with a stripper, a defecting Chinese scientist and Red Chinese agents. Sughu falls in love with the daughter of a rich man. In order to marry his lover, he seeks illegal ways to make money, but life takes a turn when his plans become flop. Abstinence leads to suffering, falling off the wagon means death. Tinou must adhere to a strict regimen to qualify as a recipient of a new liver. Aschi is also suffering: from the lacklustre present, which seems to render his brilliant past all the more magnificent. But he retrieves the past in a letter from South Africa. Ten years after the events of the original movie, Victor Crowley is mistakenly resurrected and proceeds to kill once more. Hannah is having an intervention for her alcoholic husband Nathan, but she accidentally invites his work acquaintance Gary instead of his closest friend, and when the event gets emotional, extreme awkwardness ensues for poor Gary. Brakes is an ensemble cast, improv-based dark comedy set in London. Divided into two parts, it tells the story of each couples relationship in reverse, starting with the break-ups. What happens if the mob gets on small shopkeepers living in their case ? After his father's death he borrowed money from the mafia remains the Berhudar son to inherit. Back of unaccounted event tries to rally the money is not lost. Our neighborhood locksmith trying to escape from the mob Berhudar advance of the falling film , love, family , becomes a comedy to keep in mind when talking about friendship . Movie little life living two people take matters into big trouble infects rapprochement . Richard and Rachel, a couple in the throes of infertility, try to maintain their marriage as they descend deeper and deeper into the insular world of assisted reproduction and domestic adoption. An estranged family gathers together in New York for an event celebrating the artistic work of their father. On the surface, Clara Barron seems to have it all: a job as an OB-GYN; a great house in LA; and a loving family. But, the one thing Clara doesn't have figured out is her love life. Pressured by a family wedding in Mexico, Clara asks a co-worker to pose as her boyfriend for the weekend festivities,- only to be caught by surprise when her ex- boyfriend (and family favorite) suddenly shows up after disappearing from her life completely. Torn, Clara must decide between going back to the past or open her heart to new and unexpected possibilities. George Geef gets sent home from work to tend to his cold. In the Australian Outback, the Carmody family--Paddy, Ida and their teenage son Sean--are sheep drovers, always on the move. Ida and Sean want to settle down and buy a farm. Paddy wants to keep moving. A sheep-shearing contest, the birth of a child, drinking, gambling and a race horse will all have a part in the final decision. A pair of brothers named Hasan and Husin return to their village only to receive news from Anam that Tok Wan Terbang, the village gravedigger, has passed away. The brothers later find out that the news is false and the one who passed away is Mak Betong, the village witch doctor who is believed to have kept a spiritual being. Epy is the one who witnessed Mak Betong`s death but because of Anam, everyone believes that Tok Wan Terbang has died. Chaos and confusion begin to strike when some villagers spot Tok Wan Terbang walking around in the village, looking as healthy as ever. 2016 Malayalam Movie Three friends live in a room in a rented house owned by a politician. In another part of this rented house, comes a Bengali family. The arrival of the Bengali family disrupts the happy life of the three friends. Bob and Greta De Jaegher are happily married for 40 years. They can look back on a rich and fulfilled life. Their 2 sons Steve and Carl have a successful life as well. Steve is a talented and recognized film-director and Carl is a promising cook. Steve's wife Billie wrote a bestseller about happiness and wants to start a family with her husband. Brother-in-law Rik, who works at the zoo, tries to pick up his life with his kids, after his wife died two years ago. To mark their 40th wedding anniversary, Bob and Greta organize a family weekend. They want to announce something very important. Their new plans are a sure hit for the family De Jaegher, but that's not the only thing - What had to be a cheerful gathering of the family, turns out to be something nobody expected. Simpallag Innondh Love Story is a film about two people who are different. On one hand, Khush is a happy-go-lucky guy, while Khushi is a girl who has big dreams for her life. They meet when Khushi is on her way back home. Desert Sky Air Force Base is instructed to carry out an urgent mission. Petey, a new fighter plane, arrives by forced landing. Petey is determined to carry out the most important task by himself and rescue his best friend. From acclaimed graphic novelist Dash Shaw (New School) comes an audacious debut that is equal parts disaster cinema, high school comedy and blockbuster satire, told through a dream-like mixed media animation style that incorporates drawings, paintings and collage. Dash (Jason Schwartzman) and his best friend Assaf (Reggie Watts) are preparing for another year at Tides High School muckraking on behalf of their widely-distributed but little-read school newspaper, edited by their friend Verti (Maya Rudolph). But just when a blossoming relationship between Assaf and Verti threatens to destroy the boys' friendship, Dash learns of the administration's cover-up that puts all the students in danger. Hailed as "the most original animated film of the year" and "John Hughes for the Adult Swim generation", the film's everyday concerns of friendships, cliques and young love remind us how the high school experience continues to shape who we become, even in the most unusual of circumstances. A multi-episode movie based on the skit TV show "bullyparade". Local Pennsylvania polka legend Jan Lewan develops a plan to get rich that shocks his fans and lands him in jail. Due to the fairness in disabilities act the Van Nuys PD is forced to hire four handicapped undercover detectives and their training officer happens to be the worst cop in L.A. Tommy and EJ are brothers with nothing in common. Tommy is a straight A student who desperately wants to be cool and EJ is a former high school legend living at home, wasting away in middle management in GE's innovation lab with dreams of becoming the next Mark Zuckerberg. When Tommy and EJ's parents leave town for their second honeymoon, the boys join forces to throw a legendary high school party with hopes of making Tommy the king of his class and EJ the next great app developer.  In the morning after a wild marriage between two police officers Franz Eberhofer finds himself woken from heavy-armed special forces, who arrest him because of suspected murder.  His boss, inspector Barschl, was found dead, killed by Franz' knife in his back - furthermore he and Franz were known in the whole village as archrivals. Franz is lucky that his father can testify an alibi for him, so that he is released again. Together with his friend and colleague Rudi Birkenberger they try to prove his innocence and to find the true murderer. However, there are more Problems to be solved: like Paul, his grandma's young love, or his girlfriend Susi, who pushes for marriage.  Inspirational Movie for young and elders  This second edition of Stone Bench Creations' anthology of short films contains four shorts with a prelude that are linked by their genre. Youngsters belonging to two rival factions in a village fall in love with each other. Will this romance add fuel to the enmity or result in peace? In 1903, Doctor Huntington Bailey (Brent) meets a friendly older lady during a train trip. She tells him that she is going to visit her brother Nick and his lovely young wife Allida. Once in New York, Bailey hears that his train companion suddenly died. Shortly afterward, he meets the strange couple and gets suspicious of Nick's treatment of his wife. Radha Krishna(Srikanth) is a daring police officer who wants to settle down in life. Whenever he finalizes a girl, he lands up in trouble and spoils his marriage. On the other hand, Lakshmi Prasanna(Sonia Mann) is a qualified teacher who runs a highly successful school. Radha Krishna spots Lakshmi during an event and falls in love with her. In the third instalment of the franchise, Janne embarks on an epic hike, a journey of self-discovery. His dreams of a tranquil retreat into nature are quickly shattered however, when Raihanen and Kamarainen both decide to come along for the trip. Meanwhile Janne's spouse Inari gets the chance to go back to work, but only if she can prove she's "management material" and a real leader. Inari enters the Swamp Soccer tournament, where to her horror she finds out her ex Little Mikko is also competing. A restaurant manager in New York City has made a deal with a demonic entity in order to bolster his business. What could possibly go wrong? Jai Maruthi 800 is an action comedy that is set in two distinct time periods. The film begins with an incident that occurs in the 16th century, which reaches its logical conclusion in the present day. Sweetiee Weds NRI is a Bollywood comedy movie, directed by Hasnain Hyderabadawala and Written by Creative Director Tariq Mohammad. The movie stars Himansh Kohli, Zoya Afroz, Darshan Jariwalla and Kiran Joneja in lead roles. This film is a remake of the 1989 Doraemon Movie 10: Nobita no Nippon Tanjou. Nobita and the gang run away from home, traveling back in time to 70,000 years ago before Japan was even born. After a while, they return to the present. However, when they bump into a young caveman, Kukuru, who they have accidentally transported forward to their current era, they realize they must take him back to the primitive age. On top of that, they will have to save Kukuru's tribe, called the Hikari tribe, which was attacked and abducted by the Giganzonbie and Kurayami tribe. It takes BALLS to win. At least that's what the local bowling clubs in idyllic Warroad, Minnesota used to say, before Emily came along. Now that she has returned to resurrect her name on the champion's board, Gunnar and the boys in town are polishing up their equipment for another shot at the title. This screwball ensemble mockumentary captures Emily's return from retirement, to avenge her loss to Gunnar, and bring justice to her family name. It's gutter-ball madness where split happens. The animated conclusion to the live action Todd and The Book Of Pure Evil Show. Todd tries to mend his friendship with Curtis after killing his girlfriend. The book has returned along with Hannah and there is talk of a new Pure Evil one. Shows the relationship of the Constitution to the issue of prior restraint on freedom of expression. Presents the case of Burstyn v. Wilson challenging the constitutionality of New York State's film censorship system and Cantwell v. Connecticut involving questions of freedom of speech and religion. Discusses the questions pertaining to freedom of speech when multiplied via recordings or film, and how the claims of free expression can be weighed against claims for local, state, or federal protection. Troubled psychotherapist Peter Bowers is suffering from nightmares and eerie visions. When he uncovers a horrifying secret that all of his patients share, he is put on a course that takes him back to the small hometown he fled years ago. There he confronts his demons and unravels a mystery 20 years in the making. One warm summer night, in a working-class area of a big city, a group of teenagers sits on a square. Jill, a teen girl, undergoes her first sexual experience as an everyday banality. A girl in her mid-20s, who is out on parole for her sister's wedding, gets entangled in confusion after her visit to a joint family. A man struggling to find purpose in life is enlightened by a drunk ailing widow. A crew of young researchers escape into the future to avoid the shutdown of their project. They find that some type of 'eco-crisis' disaster has de-populated the area around their lab (in rural Idaho) and, by implication, the nation or maybe the world. Stranded in the barren future, in their travels they encounter an abandoned freight train possibly full of corpses (maybe, it isn't very clear). One of them travels further into the future and meets a family in a futuristic automobile, implying that that humankind has recovered from the disaster (or have they?) When three best friends are forced to fall in love in order to save their jobs, they learn that letting go is a lot harder then it seems. This video sheds light into the nature of love, relationships, the "New Age" movement, reality-creation, quantum physics, objectivity vs. subjectivity and how it all relates to the topics of "conspiracy theories", psychopathy, and the importance of holistic self-work. Natalie resorts to picking up the pieces of her life after her husband leaves her for the family he has outside. she falls in love with Darrell, but he has secrets of his own. Can Natalie handle any more secrets? Arnold is a popular online erotic fiction writer famous for his 'Sex with senior student's girlfriend' and 'Friend's older sister series'. However, he is writer Dong-myeong (Choi Jae-hwan) in reality, who dreams of winning the New Spring Literary Contest and works as tutor at a preparatory school to make a living. One day, his first love So-yeon (Wang Bit-na) appears in front of him. She claims the copyright of his novel, 'Sex with senior student's girlfriend' and asks him to share the profit he has made from the novel so far. Filmmaker Catherine Sweeney is determined to make her zombie horror romantic comedy. However in order to get the funding she need to put a talking dog in it... Seyolo Zantoko is a doctor from Congo who wants to get away from dictatorship and he is hired by the mayor of a small village in the north of France. The locals fear Seyolo and his family as they have never seen African people before, and Seyolo and his family struggle to adapt to this new life. But Seyolo is determined to succeed and to win the trust of the villagers. A control freak finds herself without a job or sense of purpose after a car accident. A documentary on the making of the Japanese animated science fiction film, Akira, created by Katsuhiro Otomo from his popular graphic novel series of the same title; shows Japanese animators at work and discusses their state-of-the-art animation techniques.  During tough economic times, a couple has to change course in their lives. Fast forward a few years later, a dinner date turns into a challenge when Brian insists he can prepare a better meal then what was served at a restaurant. His girlfriend Trina will reward him if the meal is quality. He plans to use his grandmothers secret recipe. They finally reunite but will they win the competition? Upon discovering a coded message in the self help book "6 Dynamic Laws for Success (In Life, Love & Money)" which purportedly reveals the location of $2.4 million missing from a bank robbery gone bad, a demoralized ex-used car salesman sets out on a quest to find the money and remake himself in the process. However, he soon discovers he's not the only one after the cash, and that the road to riches and self-improvement is littered with irate ex-wives, litigious fiances, household calamities, accidental murders, and love at first sight. A promising young politician who's running for the senate. He then meets a female spin doctor who helps in orchestrating his campaign and giving him a new image. The first choice to play his leading lady is Jennylyn Mercado, since they've already proven that they have good chemistry together. In a California desert town, a short-order cook with clairvoyant abilities encounters a mysterious man with a link to dark, threatening forces. A comedy about three military band reservists who wake to discover that the Israeli army has withdrawn from Lebanon and left them behind. Four young people, one city. For love or ideal, with funny and faint bewilderment. An original improvisation in Chinese Cinema, a brand new rendering of city life.  A young woman commits a hit-and-run, then finds her fate tied to her victim. A beautiful woman teams up with a dangerous bookie to form a sports betting empire. A downtrodden unemployed pushover is lured into a sordid family conspiracy to murder his wife's grandfather on Christmas day. A young man embodies the pride of living in Ambarsar. Angela and Franca decide to take the dream trip of their lives. They run away from their boring retirement home in Rome and make a daring getaway to fabulous Venice in this joyous, heart-warming on-the-road adventure where anything can - and does - happen. A simple man begins to find himself when he leaves his home and mother to pursue love and a career. Andrei Arlovski puts his interim Heavyweight Championship on the line against Justin Eilers. The undercard features a rematch for the UFC Middleweight Championship as Champion Evan Tanner defends this title against Rich Franklin. Other featured fighters include top ranked Forrest Griffin, Paul Buentello, Nate Quarry, David Loiseau, Nick Diaz and more.  Upon hearing of his mentor's impending death, haggard musician Kino Warren begins a journey on foot across country, and through a place not of this world referred to as "the territory". Kino believes wholeheartedly that the mentor cannot die until he arrives. On his journey, Kino is unaware several people are on his tail - varyingly malicious and politically involved - in search of the only-known recording of the greatest piece of music ever made, a piece supposedly capable of taking away all pain within the listener - created by his mentor, and in his possession, completely unbeknownst to him. The National Lampoon name became globally recognized after the monumental success of Animal House--but before the glory days, it was a scrappy yet divinely subversive magazine and radio show that introduced the world to comedic geniuses like Bill Murray, Chevy Chase, John Belushi, and Gilda Radner. The driving force behind National Lampoon was Doug Kenney (Will Forte), and his truly wild and crazy story unfolds in A Futile and Stupid Gesture from Harvard to Hollywood to Caddyshack and beyond.   Mr. Naser Izadi and Mrs. Izadi were invited to Brazil by an agent from tourism agency. Angela (a Brazilian woman) misunderstood Naser as her ex-fiance and this make a challenging event for their trip. Cholai is a black comedy based on the 2011 hooch fatalities in Bengal, India. Country liquor, commonly known as 'Cholai' is a flourishing business in rural Bengal It is cheap and highly addictive. A sudden turn of events is triggered when a batch of Cholai gets toxic during the brewing process. Soon people who had consumed the Cholai start falling ill and the death toll rises to 172. Media turns the incident into a political drama. To pacify the outrage, the Government launches compensation for the family members of the victims. A gold-rush ensues following the announcement, everyone wants their share. Deaths due to other causes could be become 'entitled' for compensation if the right palms are greased with their share. The mourning soon transforms into greed and corruption. Filmmaker Jonathan Caouette's documentary on growing up with his schizophrenic mother -- a mixture of snapshots, Super-8, answering machine messages, video diaries, early short films, and more -- culled from 19 years of his life. the story of an English girl trying to find love between the office and her home life. But finding her match proves tricky when she isn't altogether sure who she is. When Stefan's father dies, the theater actor has to return to his hometown Bochum. But it is not easy to get rid of his parents' house, a monument of his life, when he meets Charlie with his old friends, acquaintances and his childhood sweetheart. The life of 14-year-old Lilith is similar to that of a normal teenager, but there is a peculiarity: she is the daughter of the devil and lives with him in hell. Because she is totally bored there and also wants to have fun and explore the world, she makes a pact with her father: she is allowed to go to earth for a week - but she has to convert a good person to evil there. If she succeeds in this challenge, she may stay on earth forever, otherwise she'll be waving a hell of a boring job in the bookkeeping of the underworld. Every ten or seven years in an unsuspecting town, The Tournament takes place. A battle royale between 30 of the world's deadliest assassins. The last man standing receiving the $10,000,000 cash prize and the title of Worlds No 1, which itself carries the legendary million dollar a bullet price tag. Krishnashtami tells the story of an NRI who returns to India with a definite purpose. This romantic entertainer is told with large doses of comedy, romance and family values. Mann-Mohan lookalike twin brothers living in two different parts of the world, getting trapped in some unwitting situations followed by unknowingly replacing each other only to get into further trouble. Samuel Goldwyn Films, Titmouse, and Fathom Events are excited to bring the theatrical premiere of the animated film Nerdland, to cinemas nationwide for a special one night event! Aspiring actor John (Paul Rudd) and wannabe screenwriter Elliot (Patton Oswalt) are slacker best friends who have seen their dreams of stardom fizzle. With their 30th birthdays looming, they set out on a mission to become famous in the 24/7, celebrity-obsessed world. Through it all, our disheartened duo inadvertently become key witnesses in a high profile crime that sets the news cycle on fire, making them household names... but only if they can survive the infamy and worldwide shame. Mice sold into slavery and driven to pick cotton by whip-cracking cats plot their escape to freedom. When lesbian toker Marcy returns to her grandparents' home to help care for her mentally declining grandmother, she discovers they are being terrorized by a malevolent force from a Victorian postmortem photograph. A thief breaks into the home of a famous writer, unknowingly stealing what turns out to be the only manuscript of an upcoming story. In desperate need of money, he submits it to a contest... Hang Yuan, a man who's been in love with a friend for a very long time, is willing to anything to win her over. Even cross-dressing. In the illustrious tradition of on-the-road, rambler cinema, Welcome to Nowhere (Bullet Hole Road) is a fresh, experimental take. Heavily reliant on motion graphics animation, director William Cusick charts the surreal encounters of five overlapping strangers in the American desert. The spirit calls to mind David Lynch, and more recently Calvin Lee Reeder and Cory McAbee, but it never feels derivative, it always brings fresh light...Cinema often loses power in clarity, in a strict adherence to narrative logic. The unwieldy and fractured nature of Welcome To Nowhere offers more than a story, here, all that really matters is the weariness of the ramble. It's hazy and sweaty and sketched. "You know how some pills you take are clear, but on the inside are all these little balls of shit that are really the pill?" That's where nowhere is. This used to be the stuff of cult classics. In 1971, a group of friends sail into a nuclear test zone, and their protest captures the world's imagination. Using never before seen archive that brings their extraordinary world to life, How To Change The World is the story of the pioneers who founded Greenpeace and defined the modern green movement. David, who gets by doing odd jobs, meets Lena, who has just moved up to Paris, and falls in love. But soon after, his life is brutally interrupted by the sudden death of his sister. Beyond the shock, and the pain, David now finds himself alone with his young niece Amanda to care for. High school kid, Thorvald, embarks on an effort to change the name of his school's sports and academic teams from the "Vikings", to something less offensive to Norwegians. It's a love story. Chennai Koottam Five friends attempt to go into business together. Hilarity ensues. A hilarious and heartfelt look at the career and influence of comedy legend Robert Klein. Adam is a 22 year old New Zealand born Samoan guy who falls for Mary. On a 'chance' encounter he learns that Mary only wants to go out with a 'real island guy' - not a plastic one.  Adam realizes that to get rid of his 'plastic' ways and impress Mary, he'll have to travel to Samoa and have his cousins teach him how to be a real island guy.  Three Wise Cousins is a feature length comedy, that will have you laughing from start to end; it's a film unlike any other that will surprise you with it's endless amount of 'wisdom'. When Jay and Annie first got together, their romantic connection was intense - but ten years and two kids later, the flame of their love needs a spark.  To kick things up a notch, they decide - why not? - to make a video of themselves trying out every position in The Joy of Sex in one marathon three-hour session.  It seems like a great idea - until they discover that their most private video is no longer private.  With their reputations on the line, they know they're just one click away from being laid bare to the world... but as their race to reclaim their video leads to a night they'll never forget, they'll find that their video will expose even more than they bargained for. Competitive ice skater Tonya Harding rises amongst the ranks at the U. S. Figure Skating Championships, but her future in the sport is thrown into doubt when her ex-husband intervenes. Tess is the female lead in a very successful Sci-Fi series. She longs to escape from the sexist and stereotypical role that has given her fame but no one around her can believe she would leave a starring role. When a photo leaks that suggests her leading man and real-life husband is cheating on her, Tess turns to her trusted assistant for support. Unfortunately, that may not have been the wisest choice. Sam looks forward to happy family life with girlfriend Jennifer and rediscovered teenage son Mark. Complications ensue when best friend Jonathan meets an early demise. Unfazed by Sam's decision to bury Jonathan in their herb patch mystic lodgers Trevor and Tracey hatch a plan to reanimate Jonathan, a fact unknown to Sam who now struggles to hold onto Jennifer and avoid encounters with the police fuelled by nosy neighbour Mrs Burd. With twists and turns at every corner this ZomCom love story gives a new meaning to the concept of survival. In a rare interview, Katharine Hepburn shares her memories and memorabilia. The film tells the story of 11-year-old Dylan (Ed Oxenbould), who is brought up by his father (Sam Worthington) in a remote town in the country of Australia. Dylan's life is changed forever when he wins a place in the regional Paper Plane Championships in Sydney. The heart warming journey of a young boy and his father reconnecting after a family's struggle will have us cheering them all the way to the world championships of paper plane flying in Japan. A group of oddball high school students find themselves trapped in detention with their classmates having turned into a horde of Zombies. When a giant monster attacks Japan, the country's only hope is a research assistant who's become monstrously big himself. But there might be a price. The story of a girl who can't decide whether she should be with the one she loves or should continue pursuing her career as a drama artist. Immigrants from around the world enter Los Angeles every day, with hopeful visions of a better life, but little notion of what that life may cost. Their desperate scenarios test the humanity of immigration enforcement officers. In Crossing Over, writer-director Wayne Kramer explores the allure of the American dream, and the reality that immigrants find - and create -- in 21st century L.A. A group of best buddies do some crazy stunts and pranks this is basically a low budget Jack-Ass movie. An unemployed with diagnosed burn-out is getting a therapy in a clinic. An International student, male protagonist Uday (Uday), comes to Canada from India. He falls in love with the female protagonist Samskruthi (Sapna), who hails from an Indian immigrant family and grew up in Canada. The male protagonist's personality is not in-line with the female protagonist, since they grew up in distinct cultural environment. The female protagonist faces cultural difference with her parents at home as well. The male protagonist comes to know that she is already in a relationship, which makes the male protagonist heart-broken. Later, the female protagonist faces a break-up and the male protagonist helps her come out of depression, which makes her fall in love with him. He also helps clear out differences with her parents. Both, the male and female protagonist, find a balance within their cultural values and decide to get married, hence the movie has a happy ending. South African filmmaker Michael Veltman followed the steps of Iain Campbell, as he embarked on a year-long adventure that would earn him his maiden APB World Tour title. After he did some jobs for CIA, ex-marine John Shale is visiting his high school love Jane. She's now a teacher in Columbus High School in Miami. Soon after his arriving Jane has her knee cap broken while jogging. After that, John decides to go undercover as her substitute in high school. Very soon he finds out that gang named Kings of Destruction are terrorizing the school. The love-hate relationship between mother and son intensifies when the latter decides not to pursue college education in Manila after suffering from separation anxiety. In the final days of WWI a shell-shocked soldier must lead a mission deep beneath the trenches to stop a German plot that could turn the tide of the war. Two totally different strangers get entangled with each other's fate as a single winning lotto ticket brings them together in luck and love. Two totally different strangers get entangled with each other's fate as a single winning lotto ticket brings them together in luck and love. A gay hairdresser gets into a coma and wakes up a straight guy, turning his life and relationships upside down. Hypnotherapy and drugs are used to help an amnesiac horror writer, but are the terrifying images that surface real or imagined? By chance, a man and a woman meet on the KTX train and spend 24 hours in the unfamiliar city of Busan, South Korea. Hapless driving instructor and former Gunnery Sergeant Rafferty, living in squalor near Hollywood, California, doesn't put up too much of a fight when two ladies hitch a ride and attempt to kidnap him in their attempt to get to New Orleans; while initially put off, Rafferty finds he's charmed by the kooky pair of misfits and the three of them drive to Las Vegas, Nevada and later Tucson, Arizona, where their bond eventually unravels. A man and a woman start to fall for each other after they get locked inside a movie theater on their first date. After her marriage comes undone, Soof has to re-invent herself and get her tumultuous life back on track. Three couples in Vienna have children at around the same time. They're all in their mid-30s, successful, cool and live in a popular part of town. As idealistic as they are materialistic, they grow tomatoes on the balcony, drink locally roasted coffee and expensive cocktails and would never buy an electronic device sporting a half-eaten apple. And they're absolutely certain that you can have children without becoming bourgeois. But the reality tells a different story. Between career and kindergarten, Apple and alternative lifestyles, the satire plays cleverly with hipster cliches and mercilessly points up the gap between the old self-image and the new bourgeoisie. Joy and her family fly to help her mother-in-law Loraine with the difficult move from her home in Louisville, Kentucky 600 miles away to a retirement community near the family in Savannah, Georgia. But after a mixed-up flight reservation, Joy reluctantly agrees to take the trip in Loraine's Oldsmobile. Despite their many differences with adventures at every turn and trapped in the car together, they both discover they each may be the best friend they never knew they needed. And realize the love of family is all you need to bridge life's many seasons. The events focus around a crisis hotline business on one crazy night during the Christmas holidays. 15-year-old Ida is a fashion blogger and city girl, and definitely unhappy about her mother's decision to move to a small farm in Northern Norway. Hating her new life from the first moment, she thinks the other girls are stupid to prefer horses to clothes and make-up. But a dramatic encounter with a horse called Kehilan changes everything. Suddenly Ida becomes eager to learn to ride, and then she discovers that the other girls are pretty OK. But upon discovering that Kehilan is soon to be sent to the slaughterhouse, a self-centred interest in clothes and fashion seems quite meaningless. But will Ida, against all odds, manage to save her horse? Lonnie, a crop duster pilot, must lead a mismatched group of survivors to escape the deadly zombie horde after an experimental chemical, intended to control the invasive kudzu vine, transforms the citizens of Charleston, MS into zombies. This outrageously funny look at one man's final moments of bachelorhood stars Tom Hanks as Rick, reluctant recipient of a bachelor bash given by a group of friends who view partying as their full-time religion. Rick's worried fiancee, Debbie (Tawny Kitaen), dresses up in disguise and crashes the party to spy on her future husband. The trials and tribulations of the Owens family. Ann is depressed, her children are a mess, and her husband just bought a donkey. Kaptaan is Latest 2016 indian Punjabi Action Comedy Drama Film,directed By Mandeep Kumar,The star cast of the Film Gippy Grewal, Karishma Kotak, Monica Gill,The film is released on 20 May 2016 The film story is based on a police investigation of a murder case of a school girl Rupa K.C. As the film unfolds, the case gets connected to the tenants of Musya Sahu and the hide and seek between cops and criminals starts. A man vows to win the heart of the woman he loves. A modern day adaptation of the legendary fable of Savitri, Satyavaan and Yamaraj from Mahabharata, one of the major Sanskrit epics of ancient India. The modern day Savitri is adept in martial arts and will do anything to save her husband. A director narrates his script to a producer and the events in his story happen in real-life to the producer's nephew! A thief steals the mobile phone of an accident victim not realising that her ghost now resides in the device. Sri Ram is a young village guy, who starts loving a girl Seetha mahalakshmi from young age. Sri Ram remains in the village, Seetha goes to the city for higher education and keeps coming to the village for holidays. Sri Ram and Seetha become good friends after a couple of positive incidents.  Sri Ram tries to impress her in many ways and tries to express his love throughout the first half of the movie. Seetha rejects his proposal when she gets to know that Ram loves her. The Second half is more of how Ram wins her love and impresses Seetha's Family with his determination and overcoming some challenges. French border cop Jose Fernandez has just one last extradition to do before his long-awaited promotion to the crime bureau. But his detainee Akim, victim of a judiciary glitch, is outraged to find himself saddled with the identity of a potential terrorist and put on a flight back to Kabul, where he has never even set foot before! What starts as a routine trip for Fernandez and his skirt-chasing partner Guy goes haywire when their plane is grounded in Malta, forcing them to bunk up with Akim, who will stop at nothing to avoid extradition! A love-lorn script writer grows increasingly desperate in his quest to adapt the book 'The Orchid Thief'. The FBI trails a young couple suspected of stealing government plans. Jeanne wakes up one morning and her life is about to take a funny turn, at first sight nothing has changed in her - to a small detail. The world turns upside down for Baba on his 25th birthday, when he learns that his apparently boring father is in fact a dreaded hitman, and that his family has made a tradition out of this morbid business for the past 12 generations! Now, the time has come for Baba to take over as the 13th. And as if all of this is not enough, there is the strange case of the love interest with her own secrets, a stolen Renoir painting and prowling contract killers. The plot thickens, but is Baba ready for the mayhem that's about to ensue!? story of a young man who dreams to become a movie star. Allora is a 30 year old successful Public Relations Agent who is increasingly becoming disenfranchised with her fledgling love-life. Encouraged by her very liberated friends Roxanna and Justin, she contemplates looking for love online. Sparks fly and the adventure begins as she embarks on a series of speed dates that lead her to very peculiar encounters.   The story of 3 different generations living in the same city. Alper, his best friend Soner and his long-time girlfriend Hazan are studying at the same university. Lately the relation between Hazan and Alper do not go well. Soner supports them for the recovery of the relationship. Hakan, Barker and Serhat who are their twenties live in another district of the same city. They plan a vacation at a resort. They steal money and the car of their parents. Another generation living in this city are 12-year-old friends Mutafa and Emre. Their dream is to make programs at a radio. These three lives knotted together at some point at an unexpected time. Lila, grows up in the high-rises of the Marolles in Brussels. Along with her sister and her friends, she dreams of becoming a dancer and revolutionising the world of hip-hop. While her friends stay in Brussels, Lila leaves everything - comfort, family - behind to go to Paris, where she is certain her persistence will pay off. Except that life in Paris quickly takes an unexpected turn. The woman who dreamed of being a choreographer ends up as a lap dancer in a rap video, and that's only the beginning of her disillusionment. After a chance meeting with a drama teacher, she bears her heart and soul on stage and begins doing stand-up. This time, her unusual dedication leads her to find her calling. However, she still has to fight one final battle: convincing her father that she has made the right choice.  Francesco, Carlo, Loco e Giordano, lifelong friends, depart from Rome towards Madrid to celebrate the bachelor party of Francesco but above all to make, as happened on other occasions, a trip together. In fact, the trip is also an excuse to go see their favorite team away in the Champions League. In their path intersect to Pilar, a beautiful Spanish singer who, unknowingly, brings havoc within a close-knit group favoring, including unexpected, laughter and comical situations, even the come to diversity afloat, insecurities and never those words. On their return, nothing will be as before. Un paradis pour tous is a satirical comedy about tax evasion. The followers of a charismatic cult leader set out to murder a pregnant actress. Tine wants to find her dream boyfriend, but can't find him that easily. Her male best friend enjoys his single life, until they feel attracted to each other. A dark comedy about a group of misfits who are brought together to win the mother of all cannabis smoking competitions.  A young man tries to make sense of the world in the summer heat of late nineties Estonia. A geneticist clones his dead wife, over and over, in an attempt to get her back exactly as she was. The story follows Dawood, who wishes to don the cop uniform right from his childhood. He grows up to be a straight-laced, passionate policeman, who is sent off to a sleepy border suburb Kollanahalli for his first posting. An unexpected turn of events presents him an opportunity to prove himself. The strugggle experienced by Andrew Dervish (played by Albert Halim) and Ken Dean Lawadinata (played by Dion Wiyoko) in building Kaskus, the no. 1 online discussion forum in Indonesia. Kaskus, which stands for whispered gossips, initially started from college assignments and were made from a free software. In this film, Indonesian film lovers will not only be entertained by the story of the friendship of two friends whose personality contradict each other, but also learn how friendship can be a capital base to build a successful business. A man who runs an apartment house for women is the demented son of a Nazi surgeon who has the house equipped with secret passageways, hidden rooms and torture and murder devices. A picturesque family vacation to the Ozarks goes sideways when a group of bull sharks show up just in time for the big fireworks festival that the town holds every year. A man who lost his taste and his blind wife; an almost deaf girl and her consumerist stepmother; an adult movie actor in love and his completely passionate woman; a sign language teacher and his dilemmas with dumb students. Characters full of love and full of inabilities to cope with their emotional side. Annie is stuck in a long-term relationship with Duncan - an obsessive fan of obscure rocker Tucker Crowe. When the acoustic demo of Tucker's hit record from 25 years ago surfaces, its discovery leads to a life-changing encounter with the elusive rocker himself. The brutal former heavyweight boxing champion Cleon "Slammin'" Salmon (Duncan), now owner of a Miami restaurant, institutes a competition to see which waiter can earn the most money in one night: the winner stands to gain $10,000, while the loser will endure a beating at the hands of the champ. Former high school friends run into each other years later and drunkenly decide to make good on their promise to marry each other if they're both still single by 30 - only to discover too late all the things they liked about each other when they were younger have changed. Fadil, one of the fiercest mobsters of Turkey, one day falls in love with his Indian yoga instructor, Gundhi. Once Gundhi is kidnapped from Fadil's mansion Fadil sets out to India with his trustworthy friend Hulusi. He plans to rescue Gundhi and win her heart but this is a tough job as Gundhi's mother is one of the fiercest mobsters of India. With the help of a Turkish municipality worker in Mumbai, Fadil and Hulusi get entangled in numerous adventures as they try to reach Gundhi. Laughter ensues once Fadil's parents arrive in town. Will Fadil be able to save Gundhi and have his happy ending? Supplier of Timo Niemi, followed by a description of his group Kuusaalaista, in his own words, the car dealership business, resulting Pentti Pena Aulostetta that time in his life steps and the way a professional car sales peak. Pena with the viewer can follow the daily life of Aulosteen Car and customer situations. Pena presents Niemi people around him and idiosyncratic means to assess kuntoja cars and customers. The document supposedly parodies the time the picture suitably reality series emotional reunion (on the trail of Raiders of the Lost), life-style magazine programs (such as Stromso) and garage kits (eg. Monsteritalli). Pena's life is also monitored during leisure time, at home in nature and exploring his family. Finally, try Pena automotive world fusion of the big day, the People's party, which of course will end in complete disaster The godfather of the triad Jing Hing and his senior bosses need to select a new boss to run the daily operations of the five gangs under their control. Chuck, a lifelong member of the triad, dreams of being the elected one, but his wife wants him to leave the criminal life and spend time with their child. Wulf, a former cop, also wants take over the seat. Both will try to achieve their goal by any means necessary. Jaythan Rubin, an awkward and socially anxious twenty-something meets Bethany "G-Code" Jones, a hardcore gangsta rapper. Together they wander an absurd landscape. Tuberculo gets elected President of the Dominican Republic, with his friend Tirson as Vice-President and counselor. David Berman and his friends, all Holocaust survivors, have only one purpose: to go to America as soon as possible. For this they need money. Close to his aim, David is not only deprived of his savings but also overtaken by his shady past. Two Moldavian friends begin a journey full of adventures and suspense trying various business ideas in order to earn enough money to achieve their dreams. Dillon, a 23 year old virgin, sets out on a comedic journey to discover what virginity means in our society. Marlo, a mother of three, including a newborn, is gifted a night nanny by her brother. Hesitant at first, she quickly forms a bond with the thoughtful, surprising, and sometimes challenging nanny named Tully. A famous actress has a nervous breakdown during a junket for a new franchise film. She asks a complete stranger (who mistakenly thinks he's rented her family's house) to pretend to be her boyfriend for the holidays and spend it with her eccentric family. Pa.Va or Pappanekkurichum Varkeyekkurichum focuses on existential aspects of life in two close octogenarian friends Pappen and Varkey. The movie narrates the love and friendship shared between two close friends - Pappen and Varkey, in the backdrop of Christian families in Central Travancore. An actress becomes obsessed with internet fame after her manager drops her for not having enough of a social media presence. School teacher Shankar Jagdale is newly transferred to the village without knowing that it's haunted by a ghost, and hasn't seen a marriage or a child birth in the entire decade gone by. While Shankar tries to get married to the girl he likes, he gets to know that the ghost is the reason behind the village's present situation, and also that the ghost has threatened to interfere and make a mockery of his marriage programs, if he doesn't get the ghost married before him. During the 1980s, a failed stand-up comedian is driven insane and turns to a life of crime and chaos in Gotham City while becoming an infamous psychopathic crime figure. 1969-"Estirpe", was the first Spanish graphic novel by a troubled youngster under a pseudonym. He mysteriously disappeared after that. 44 years later, a production company that wanted to adapt it to the big screen hired Maria, a young lawyer to find the author and get the rights from him. Pietramezzana, a remote village in the Lucan Dolomites, is likely to disappear. Its inhabitants, led by the volcanic Dominic do not give up and, believing that the opening of a factory may be the solution to all their troubles, they want to make sure that the project is successful ... The failed coup d'etat of February 23, 1981, which began with the capture of the Congress of Deputies and ended with the release of parliamentarians, put at serious risk the Spanish democracy. The story centres on three college friends: the liberal Vijay, the conservative Loknath and Jagdish. Stevie is a sweet 13-year-old about to explode. His mom is loving and attentive, but a little too forthcoming about her romantic life. His big brother is a taciturn and violent bully. So Stevie searches his working-class Los Angeles suburb for somewhere to belong. He finds it at the Motor Avenue skate shop. Zack Mayo is an aloof, taciturn man who aspires to be a navy pilot. Once he arrives at training camp for his 13-week officer's course, Mayo runs afoul of abrasive, no-nonsense drill Sergeant Emil Foley. Mayo is an excellent cadet, but a little cold around the heart, so Foley rides him mercilessly, sensing that the young man would be prime officer material if he weren't so self-involved. Zack's affair with a working girl is likewise compromised by his unwillingness to give of himself. After the hot-tempered police detective Fei messes up yet another operation, he is transferred to a fictional department that houses all the useless staff the force couldn't sack. There he finds a new enemy in the mild-mannered desk officer Johnny, who loathes Fei's disregard for discipline. But when Fei's father and Johnny's mother coincidentally become an item, the new brothers must somehow learn to cohabit under the same roof. 40 year old stand-up comic Sam (Jason Nash) is willing to do anything to get to 1 million followers to save his marriage. Henry (Brandon Calvillo), a teen social media star & Sam's best friend, simply wants to hook up with a beautiful Instagram model (Jessica Michel) who lives across the country. They team up on a raucous road trip to collab on videos with the best - and the worst - that social media has to offer - including the morally bankrupt Mike $wagg (Bart Baker). Cast includes: Busy Philipps, Liza Koshy, Jimmy Tatro, Andy Daly, Cody Johns, Ry Doon, David Dobrik and more! A nebbish of a morgue attendant gets shunted back to the night shift where he is shackled with an obnoxious neophyte partner who dreams of the "one great idea" for success. His life takes a bizarre turn when a prostitute neighbour complains about the loss of her pimp. His partner, upon hearing the situation, suggests that they fill that opening themselves using the morgue at night . 7 girls and 1 fab gay guy plan a getaway to a remote ranch for a week of gossip and grub. They start off where they always do, old rivalries in place, extreme vanity covering great insecurities, but with a true love for each other underneath the bickering, sniping and sassing. A number of drinks into night one and a dark secret is revealed. The house they rented is the site of a mass murder of teenage girls 15 years earlier. Blood still stains the floors under replacement carpets. The killer still runs free. The girls take it for what it seems - a fun story for a rainy night by a roaring fire. But after one of them disappears and is discovered dead, the story doesn't seem so fun anymore. 1 by 1, they die, killed by their own vanity. The fun-filled week turns into a race against death. Who will make it out alive? Dumped by her husband, longtime housewife Deanna turns regret into reset by going back to college. Winding up at the same school as her daughter, Deanna plunges headlong into the campus experience - embracing fun, freedom and frat boys. The Clearchos order to escape the unbearable and domineering wife Marina and found a lively geitonisa of Iro, will invoke the alleged suspicions that the Mahos groom, husband of their daughter Rhea has a mistress and will follow up the Fthiotida, where do you go to spas for a sore arm ... Shakespeare's comedy of gender confusion, in which a girl disguises herself as a man to be near the count she adores, only to be pursued by the woman he loves. Filmed with irony, the film describes brief moments in the lives of tourists, workers, and local vacationers around the construction of an artificial beach somewhere in the Caribbean.  Aurore has separated, just lost her job and learns that she is going to be a grandmother. Erwan, a strapping Breton who clears mines for a living, is shaken when he discovers that his father is not his father. Despite his affection for the man who raised him, he quietly sets out to find his biological father, and succeeds in locating Joseph, an endearing old codger he takes a liking to. Just when things look settled, another unexpected "bomb" hits Erwan in the form of Anna, an elusive nymph. A story of friendship, love, marriage, secrets, lies that unfolds between two couples in one apartment during a Sunday brunch that will affect their lives forever. Reverend David Poe and his psychiatrist wife trade hectic New York life for an idyllic rural farmhouse; the perfect place for 10 year old twins Jack &amp; Emily to run, play and imagine. Documenting this lifestyle change, David decides to film every holiday and special family event. To the Poe's horror their home movies reveal an increasing malice and evil within their children and by Valentines Day, the children's sadism has turned to a blood lust for human prey. A young hustler takes advantage of the love of a gay man, and pays consequences for it in the form of a demonic possession. Del Shores' follow-up to "Sordid Lives" revisits Winters, Texas for a showdown between the gradually liberalizing locals and the new fundamentalist preacher in the wake of the Supreme Court's marriage equality decision. A young Jehovah's Witness believes the ultimate punishment will be inflicted upon him for typical teenage activity. His life is rather grim until infatuation with a friend's older sister opens his eyes. It's a love story between a fashion blogger and a video game blogger. The beauty and the nerd. Armand and Leila, students at Science Po, are a young couple. They plan to go to New York to do their internship at the United Nations. But when Mahmoud, Leila's big brother, returns from a long stay in Yemen, which radically transformed him, he is opposed to his sister's love relationship and decides to remove him at any cost from Armand. To enter Mahmoud and see again Leila, Armand has no choice: he must slip the integral veil! The next day, a certain Scheherazade with a veiled face rings at the door of Leila, and she will not leave Mahmoud indifferent ... In the final days of World War II, a secret experiment to weaponize sharks is shut down and destroyed by the Third Reich. But now, 60 years later, a small ocean town is plagued by a bloodthirsty, mysterious creature, one built and reanimated using parts of the greatest killers to ever inhabit the sea - the Sharkenstein monster! SAAT UCHAKKEY is a comedy caper about 7 petty crooks blundering their way through an exciting gamut of mystery, greed, treachery and running into one riotous crisis after another. Set against the gritty backdrop of Old Delhi, this burlesque film opens a window into the unpredictable world of magical realism, where the lingo is spattered with the choicest of swear words and the mannerisms with sidesplitting humor. Alcoholic and low budget stuntman Ron Goossens has to get The Netherlands' most successful actrice between the sheets in order to save his own marriage. Will he succeed? A new outrageous comedy from the writers/directors of New Kids Turbo, New Kids Nitro and Bros Before Hos. An alien life form arrives in the Dominican Republic in search of freedom and forms an unique bond with an autistic girl and the town's drunkard. Two secret lovers, a disgruntled husband, a narcoleptic hitman, and the mysterious phone-operator pulling all the strings. Over the course of one increasingly booze fueled evening, the hitman trails the odd love birds on their final late night tryst. But this kill may not go so swimmingly, once the margaritas start flowing and a psychoactive toad is thrown into the nightcap cocktail. Steve Tuttle, the titular lazybones, takes on the responsibility of raising a fatherless girl, causing a scandal in his small town. Many years later, having returned from World War I, he discovers that he loves the grown-up girl. What happens when the lives of two friends take an unexpected turn? A whole lot of confusion follows! Will they be able to get out of the mess? That forms the crux of the story. It's X-Men meets The Breakfast Club. When five superhero teens are hauled into detention at their secret training academy, they have to work together to stop the sinister Kaelus from stealing all the students' powers. Determined not to turn into her parents, or be drawn into any relationship longer than a one night stand, Zoe constantly struggles with her failing business and love life. Then she falls in love for the first time with Paul. But there's one problem: Paul is married. A team of astronauts is sent to the moon to rescue an alien who is seeking help to save her dying race. They are attacked by a force of bandit robots and discover that enemy spies are out to kill the alien. Alex Hirano, a famous pianist of Japanese descent, is often in a bad mood. He is grumpy thinking of his concert to be held in a week. Nothing could change his bad mood, even his own brother, Ray Hirano, members of the B-Boy group. One day, Ray invites Alex to meet the girl he loves, Mia Clark, a talented contemporary ballet dancer, where she teaches dance.  For Mia Clark dancing is her life. No one is able to change it despite her physical condition preventing it from reaching her goals. When she is desperate and wants to do something stupid, she inadvertently causes Alex Hirano's left hand broken. A romantic Indian comedy that tells the story of a girl who finds the hero of her life and the two of them eventually fall in love with each other. However, they must also work together to overcome the hardship in their journey of love. After losing rugby's holy grail, the Currie Cup, Schuks (Leon Schuster) sets off on a hilarious journey to pay for what he has done. In lieu of a R1 million fine, the Sports Minister (Desmond Dube) offers Schuks a lifeline to create a documentary film that shows South Africa in a positive light.As the documentary takes shape, the Currie Cup traverses its own perilous journey as it moves from two clueless crooks, Bossie (Ivan Lucas) and Savage (Gerrit Schoonhoven), to an enterprising traffic officer and a conniving pawnbroker, among others.True to form, the "documentary" features a series of brand new candid camera gags for which Schuster is so well known, featuring unsuspecting South African citizens and a host of famous personalities and celebrities - both past and current. No Overview A daughter follows her mother with a camera on a personal journey, leading them both between the contradictions of family. An idealistic young Frenchman immersed in controversial presidential elections, a dictator decided to stay in power by cheating, two geopolitical followers, a French deputy determined to sell asparagus to Africans, a young and pretty revolutionary: Gondwana! A Persian refugee comes to Norway seeking asylum, and winds up at a quirky, secluded academy where he must pass a series of tests in order to stay. Fernando is on holiday with his closest male friends in a beautiful country house in a suburb of Buenos Aries. On their own without their girlfriends in a "men only" environment, the hunky young studs bask in the hot sun, play in the pool, smoke pot, and drink, most often semi-clad or naked. In this freewheeling and testosterone-infused environment, they talk of their desires and strengthen their individual bonds. Fitness buff Hutch Daily is a foul-mouthed 27 year-old with the maturity of a pre-teen. After refusing to find employment or his own apartment, his mom gives him two choices: move to the homeless shelter or work at his uncle's fat camp. Though he thinks fatties are disgusting, Hutch finds himself supervising an irreverent group of chunky boys, who ultimately help him grow up. Ken and Rob just moved into an old house with a dark past - the old owner turned into a zombie. Rob ignores the warning and read from a mysterious book that summons a demon from the forest. Ken is tormented by the demon and gradually turned into a zombie. At the same time lonely spinster Catherine is given a chance to resurrect her dead sister Ruth - unaware of Ruth's transformation into a murderous alien. Soon both Ken and Ruth are going on a rampage. Detective Sheridan has been waiting for a crime hard to solve ever since superhero Zebraman has been keeping the city safe. Sheridan is thrilled to have the city in chaos and crimes to solve. She brings her sidekick Detective Reeves with her - not knowing his alias is actually Zebraman. Seemingly perfect couple Lisa and Dan plan a steamy swingers weekend, but things go south when a third couple drops in unexpectedly. Two slackers that struggle to survive in the streets of modern China will face many problems when they are hired by a ghost to take a coffin, stolen from the local cemetery, across the big city of Shanghai in order to reunite a couple of lovers in the afterlife. After a near death experience, a man becomes a born again Christian; when he wants to sell a memoir based on his rebirth, an ex girlfriend threatens to expose a damning secret; he must decide to take action, or just pray she doesn't tell. The story is set in 1947, following a long-retired Holmes living in a Sussex village with his housekeeper and rising detective son. But then he finds himself haunted by an unsolved 50-year old case. Holmes' memory isn't what it used to be, so he only remembers fragments of the case: a confrontation with an angry husband, a secret bond with his beautiful but unstable wife. Under the auspicious name "Magical Mystery" the Berlin techno label BummBumm Records wants to go on a rave tour. Karl Schmidt aka Charly himself was once an aspiring artist on the scene, until he retired after a nervous breakdown five years ago. Since then he lives in a supervised withdrawal WG in Hamburg. Now, as a driver and custodian for the party-loving DJs and their producers, he becomes part of "Magical Mystery", trying to lead a self-determined life after years of patronizing and well-intentioned advice. Born in a small town in Japan, a young girl named Ai is sent to a cult commune by her religious maniac mother and lives there for seven long years. After the cult is exposed by the police, Ai starts a new stage of life, going to a normal school for the first time, but she can't find her place to fit in there. Ai drops out from the school and society, spending her life living with a rock-bottom delinquent family full of gangsters and call girls. In a strange twist of fate she finds herself back in a new and normal life, living with a middle-class family, but her troubled life continues to follow her into more deep and seedy paths. When ambitious reporter Allie Rusch is recruited by vindictive music manager Vivian Cartwright to play cupid to famous pop musicians Caleb Greene and Carson Peet in return for an exclusive story over Valentine's weekend, Allie soon realizes Caleb has his sights set on her. Now, torn between her big career move and her growing feelings for Caleb, Allie is left to question whether she can coerce Caleb into something his heart does not desire, or if she should fall in love and make him her very own Valentine. An anthology of 26 fan entries submitted for inclusion in ABCs of Death 2, each offering various takes on the letter "M" Nine people are stuck in an elevator. One of them has a ticking bomb that can't be defused. The other eight will do anything to survive. There is no escape and no promise of rescue. As the tension in the elevator mounts the unthinkable soon becomes the only reasonable solution. While visiting his hometown during Christmas, a man comes face-to-face with his old high school crush whom he was best friends with - a woman whose rejection of him turned him into a ferocious womanizer. Kali Sudhra and Dante Dionys are a couple that likes to exist outside of the binary in terms of gender, and sexuality. Together, they go on the adventure of playing with their identities by dressing as each other's genders and getting in touch with the many facets of who they are. Culminating in a sensual pegging scene, ,Gender Bender' proves that we can and should exceed the rigid limits of masculinity and femininity.   A classic college love triangle story. Ankitha is in love with her college mate Abhi but Abhi falls for her friend Shalini. Who will Abhi eventually choose? While working on an in memoriam piece for a dead colleague, a famous news reporter loses track of the TV story and becomes part of a father-daughter relationship with the teenager left behind. A story about longtime friends whom have known one another since college. All of whom have been doing well since, with careers in the entertainment industry, on wall street, legal and even in the NFL. When the group decides to take a weekend getaway, to a rented beach house in the Hamptons, all hell breaks loose when secrets among them, come to light.  A comedy about two estranged sisters brought back into each other's lives by the impending death of their grandmother. A modern take on William Shakespeare's King Lear. Gamers enter virtual reality video game contest for money only to realize things are not the way they seem. When Deborah's ex-husband, a popular neomelodic singer, loses his life in a stage dive, Deborah worries for her eleven-year-old son, Ciro, who is exhibiting signs of depression. Searching for a solution, Deborah takes Ciro to see Tommaso, a shy child psychologist. During the course of their visits, Ciro confesses that it's not his father's death that has got him down, it's his love for his classmate, the beautiful Ludovica. The two make a deal: Tomasso will help Ciro to win the affections of Ludovica, while Ciro gives Tomasso a hand at having a chance with his mother. The story of the life of a hard-working woman in an advertising agency who drinks coffee continuously. The film is composed of six episodes focused on job insecurity and unemployment. Greg founded a company called Alibi.com that creates any type of alibi. With his associate, Augustin, and Medhi his new employee, they devise unstoppable stratagems and stagings to cover their clients. But meeting Flo, a pretty blonde who hates men who lie, will complicate Greg's life, which begins by hiding the true nature of his activity. During the presentation to parents, Greg understands that Gerard, the father of Flo, is also one of their clients. Brad and Dusty must deal with their intrusive fathers during the holidays. In order to make his legal problems disappear, ANTHONY VALENTINE agrees to form an amateur men's street hockey team and represent his home town in a state-wide tournament. Although he sees this as an opportunity to keep the old gang together, the old gang does not, and very reluctantly plays along half heartedly, until one of their teammates is killed in an auto accident. Suddenly the young men feel a sense of loyalty, bond together to become better friends than they ever were, and make a pact to play this tournament in honor of their deceased buddy. With the hometown behind them and a fallen brother watching down, the team strives for the title, not knowing that, win or lose, they've already become champions. An adult son who is slowly drifting towards rock bottom reconnects with his joke-loving dad. Arjang and Roya are getting married.. Director Franco Zeffirelli's beloved version of one of the most well-known love stories in the English language. Romeo Montague and Juliet Capulet fall in love against the wishes of their feuding families. Driven by their passion, the young lovers defy their destiny and elope, only to suffer the ultimate tragedy. A student forms the Trio Detective Group to solve the Demonic Pink Guinea Pig case that is threatening the school -- and to attract a girl's attention. Priyadarshan (Tini Tom) is a dubbing artist for TV serials and Ad-Films. He got married to Anjana (Aditi Roy) for 4 years and his family life was peaceful without any Issues. Only worry they had was about not having a child. To overcome that, they started engaging themselves in socializing and mixing with their friends without realizing where to control and restrict their friends in their personal family space. Priyadarshan and Anjana are such couple who openly speaks their issues each other and resolve the same. Shakespeare's comedy about two couples in love with the wrong partners, and how they are finally brought together rightly, thanks in part to the bungling work of Puck. It is completely in the language of the Bard, with Pfeiffer as the Fairy Queen and Kline as the one turned into her evening's lover with donkey ears. Chandu, a swindler, falls in love with Shalini and tries to impress her uncle. When he manages to do so, she tells him that in order to win her over, he must mend his ways. When a sassy Southern belle is jilted at the altar by her fighter fiance, she puts on the boxing gloves to get revenge. A former aristocrat Ippolit Vorobyaninov leads a miserable life in Soviet Russia. His mother-in-law reveals a secret to him - she hid family diamonds in one of the twelve chairs they once had. Vorobyaninov in cooperation with a young con artist Ostap Bender start a long search for the diamonds.  In the desolate Icelandic highlands, two lowbrow lovers lose their ride, a suited suicide his trigger finger, and a nuclear family their center. Losing their way and their reasons, they fall apart while coming together. A drama rich in comedy, arid plains, and empty stomachs. The Police Academy misfits travel to Miami, Florida for their academy's commanding officer, Lassard, to receive a prestigious lifetime award pending his retirement, which takes a turn involving a group of jewel thieves after their stolen loot that Lassard unknowingly has in his possession. ZG80 is a prequel of Metastaze. The movie brings back its characters to prewar Yugoslavia where they, as part of Bad Blue Boys, go on a football match in Belgrade to see Dinamo play against Crvena Zvezda. They encounter guest fans, their arch rivals Delije, in a series of events that lead to football fans war on the streets of Belgrade. A comedy adventure about a resourceful cavemen who conceives one of the most over looked creations in human history, the stairs. Two boys face an onslaught from witches, monsters, ghouls and a talking dummy after they discover a mysterious book by author R. L. Stine. Readers across the world are in love with author Sally Carmichael's series of romance novels that chronicle the epic love story between a human girl and a merman. But no one knows that Sally Carmichael is really Simon Hayes, a bitter, serious novelist - and Simon would like to keep it that way. A high school drama class bands together to save their school from a Japanese gang. Owing to a genetic mix-up involving stem cell research, the recently founded company Infinity Baby is able to offer a service for aspiring parents who never want to leave the baby bubble -- infants that do not age. A man eager to serve his country but rejected by the Marines pairs up with a young runaway to form an unlikely team on a misguided adventure. Stephane, Cathy and Thierry are the best employees of the Employment Agency of their city. But their results are so good that the agency will have to close because of a lack of unemployed. The three colleagues then have the crazy idea of creating unemployment to save their job. A young servant fleeing from his master takes refuge at a convent full of emotionally unstable nuns in the middle ages. Podcast giants join forces for one night in New York City, to create the "Lollapalooza of podcasts." Featuring live stage performances by Radiolab, Invisibilia, Reply All, The Truth, Lauren Lapkus and SNL's Bobby Moynihan. Plus music by horn quartet The Westerlies, dance by Cocoon Central Dance Team, cameos by Ira Glass and Sarah Koenig, original comedy videos, and more. When fun-loving American agents Dennis Quaid and Kathleen Turner are called back from maternity leave for a special assignment in New Orleans, the spy parents decide to skip the sitter and give their bouncing baby girl the adventure of a lifetime. There's nothing to the dumb story about a deadly arms dealer in the Louisiana Bayou, but you'd be hard put to find a friskier pair of doting parents. Four elderly men (Fons, Lull, Nuckes and Jangi) are fed up with being walked all over and treated like children. Together with their friends, they plan a future without old people's homes. But that's easier said than done. Mr. Zhu teaches in an elementary school. He is not very smart but always tries to remain his integrity. His care and affection for students are not appreciated by all. Fellow teachers also complain about his innovative ways to inspire students. Two problematic students, King Kong and Grasshopper are headache to Mr. Zhu. Their mischievous behavior results in Zhu's humiliation and frustration. He resigns. Now it's the task for the students to win him back... An epic Turkish racing saga that takes place in Adana.  Harry Bannerman, a Connecticut suburbanite, becomes involved in various shenanigans when his wife Grace leads a protest movement against a secret army plan to set up a missile base in their community. Recorded live at the historic Chinese Theatre in Hollywood, Ginger Kid is Steve Hofstetter's 6th album. A dark and honest look at subjects ranging from growing up with red hair to population control, this hour-long special is Hofstetter's best yet. Yvette has dreamed of performing Romeo and Juliet since starting high school. Now, in her final year, the headmaster has decided to use the school's entire arts and culture budget to fund a T20 event. In a last ditch effort to put on the play, they ask the school's cricket hero, Marko Marais, to play the role of Romeo. "FRAZIER PARK RECUT" follows first-time filmmakers (Tyler and Sam) as they document the behind-the-scenes trials and tribulations of producing an independent found-footage horror film. After writing a script, collecting production gear, and securing a "cabin in the woods" location, Tyler and Sam hit gold when they cast the perfect actor, Tom Morris, to play the psychopathic antagonist of their film. With everything falling into place, the trio travels to the small, isolated town of Frazier Park, California to make their dream a reality. Inspired by somewhat true events, "Get Big" follows the misadventures of two friends as they reconnect to attend a high school classmate's wedding. Alec is the charming troublemaker, while Nate provides the neurotic and awkward foil to his friend's unpredictable antics. "Get Big" takes place over the course of a crazy 24-hour period during which Alec and Nate cross paths with oddball cops, curmudgeonly neighbors, drug dealers, psychopaths, escorts and pretty girls, all while the clock ticks down their classmate's big moment. Dani Tomas (Berto Romero) is a television screenwriter disillusioned and bored of his work. One day he receives unexpected news: for a legal error he must repeat eighth grade. Now, he returns to a world he already thought he had forgotten, living new experiences and experiencing a multitude of unexplained situations and hilarious events. But he will not be alone in this epic adventure, because he will have the help of the peculiar director of the school (Carlos Areces), a police officer (Antonio de la Torre, May God forgive us) and an enigmatic classmate (Carolina Bang). Villaviciosa de al Lado is a peaceful town stuck in time, living exclusively of the fame of a 200 years-old spa. Therefore, city hall's debts threatens to close the spa and ruin all town. Their salvation becomes when suddenly mayor Anselmo and the rest of members of city hall realize that they won the Christmas Lottery. But their happiness turns in horror after to discover that the prize belongs to a serial number distributed by the town's brothel, causing the suspicion of the wives and fear of the husbands after a TV interview where Mari, brothel's owner, claims that the almost men of the town will have prize from the lottery. Wanting a way to charge the prize to save the town without having to suffer the anger of their respective women, Anselmo, Ricardo, Cesar, Juandi and Paco plots a plan in order to steal the money from the brothel, meanwhile Mari tries reconcile her stranded life and restore the memory of her deceased father, a former mayor.  Three local gangsters get an offer for a job they know nothing about. However, high paychecks and their prides make them accept the offer. On their way they encounter many problems while understanding that they are being trapped. The story takes place about two brothers conjoined with each other, lies with them many comical situations, get involved with them aunt son In their problems. Basket-case network news producer Jane Craig falls for new reporter Tom Grunnick, a pretty boy who represents the trend towards entertainment news she despises. Aaron Altman, a talented but plain correspondent, carries an unrequited torch for Jane. Sparks fly between the three as the network prepares for big changes, and both the news and Jane must decide between style and substance. Making Moves that risks everything over comfort and stability. Unnikuttan is a young man, who was born in the central jail. He considers jail as his second home. As a good Samaritan he takes on the punishments for petty crimes committed by others. Adi is a perfect husband, father, friend, colleague, and son. He will comply with every wish and whim they all may have. No one listens to him, but he never complains. Until one fateful visit to a doctor that made his world fall completely apart.  Mateo and Camila, a couple that allow each other being unfaithful with a unreachable someone chosen by each. It's the Chipmunks' third and final full-length feature! Alvin is struggling with nightmares of werewolves. Alvin believes that the new next-door neighbor Mr. Talbot is a werewolf. Of course, no one believes him. Meanwhile, the boys are working on the school production of Dr. Jekyll &amp; Mr. Hyde. When Alvin blows up the school auditorium, he is expelled from the production. Theodore is put in to rise his lack of confidence. Alvin and Simon are trying to discover the secret of Mr. Talbot. Will the play go as planned or will the Chipmunks mess it up?! Spend the weekend with Scott as he goes to the desert to reclaim his girlfriend from a "misunderstanding." Along the way, he must duck and dodge her nunchuck-wielding brother, bond with his newly married best friend, and witness a meddling reiki enthusiast attempt to wreck their marriage...again. A Aa E Ee is a 2006 Kannada film directed by N R Nanjunde Gowda and produced by Nagaraj. The film stars Ramesh Aravind and Prema in lead roles.Music was composed by V Manohar. A recently divorced young man discovers a mint condition Blade doll in his deceased brother's closet and plans to sell the toy at a convention in Oregon celebrating the 30th anniversary of the infamous Toulon Murders. All hell breaks loose during the auction when a strange force animates all of the puppets throughout the convention, setting them on a bloody killing spree. Best-selling author Ted Gold faces a moral dilemma when Velocity, an avant-garde performance artist and the living embodiment of integrity, rocks his 1% world. Single mom Laura, along with her awkward 14 year-old son Henry is forced to drive Jack, her estranged, care-free pot dealing father across country after he's kicked out of yet another nursing home. A competitive mother orders a clone to outshine her flawless friend, but soon realizes she purchased an unbeatable rival. The renowned anarchist teacher Count Ervin Batthyany reappears 100 years after his death. He tries to put his theories into practice again, as he realises that the world has not turned out as he had expected. He founds a new free school with the help of some like-minded people, and starts teaching a new generation who believe in solidarity and cooperation, rather than a system of oppression. But the ideal of freedom and equality awakens the same fears in the choreographers of power as it did 100 years ago. And after an encouraging start the count and his new friends come up against more and more obstacles. In 1967, during the making of "La Chinoise," film director Jean-Luc Godard falls in love with 19-year-old actress Anne Wiazemsky and marries her. Fourteen years after they parted ways, a chance meeting sees Cinta reunite with Rangga while she and her girlfriends are on vacation in Yogyakarta. After swearing off music due to an incident at the middle school regional brass band competition, euphonist Kumiko Oumae enters high school hoping for a fresh start. As fate would have it, she ends up being surrounded by people with an interest in the high school brass band. Kumiko finds the motivation she needs to make music once more with the help of her bandmates, some of whom are new like novice tubist Hazuki Katou; veteran contrabassist Sapphire Kawashima; and band vice president and fellow euphonist Asuka Tanaka. Others are old friends, like Kumiko's childhood friend and hornist-turned-trombonist Shuuichi Tsukamoto, and trumpeter and bandmate from middle school, Reina Kousaka.  However, in the band itself, chaos reigns supreme. Despite their intention to qualify for the national band competition, as they currently are, just competing in the local festival will be a challenge--unless the new band advisor Noboru Taki does something about it. [Written by MAL Rewrite] In an alternate present-day version of Oakland, black telemarketer Cassius Green discovers a magical key to professional success - which propels him into a macabre universe. Alex Truelove is on a quest to lose his virginity, an event eagerly awaited by his patient girlfriend and cheered on with welcome advice by his rowdy friends. But Alex, a super gregarious dude, is oddly unmotivated. A magical house party throws Alex into the presence of Elliot, a hunky college guy, who pegs Alex as gay and flirts hard. Alex is taken aback but after a series of setbacks on the girlfriend front he takes the plunge and learns some interesting new facts about himself. A group of eccentric assassins are fed up with Gunther, the world's greatest hitman, and decide to kill him - but their plan turns into a series of bungled encounters as Gunther seems to always be one step ahead. The story of how a mysterious suitcase brings together, and changes, the lives of a divorced dad, an unhappy housewife, two hitmen, a pair of street thugs, two love struck teens, two FBI men and a psychedelic toad. Based on Pulitzer Prize-winning humorist Dave Barry's best-selling first novel, "Big Trouble." "After Betsy Simon's book "Heavens to Betsy" becomes a bestseller, she must defend her faith when she agrees to do an interview with a self-serving media personality at the risk of destroying her credibility and career". Max, a macho, solitary Rottweiler police dog is ordered to go undercover as a primped show dog in a prestigious Dog Show, along with his human partner, to avert a disaster from happening. Young and disenchanted Sam meets a mysterious and beautiful woman who's swimming in his building's pool one night. When she suddenly vanishes the next morning, Sam embarks on a surreal quest across Los Angeles to decode the secret behind her disappearance, leading him into the murkiest depths of mystery, scandal and conspiracy. Journey of a 24 year old mentally challenged girl who gets lost in Mumbai. During this unusual adventure, she meets various people from the society and manages to change their lives. After being uprooted by his parents' separation and unable to fit into his new hometown, a teenager stumbles upon a magical app that causes his social media updates to come true. Leonid - zloumyshlennik srednei ruki. On ishchet poteriannyi shifr ot bankovskogo seifa. Esli on ne vyzvolit zapertye brillianty, to ego, skoree vsego, ub'iut bandity poser'eznee. Sportivnyi reporter Sergei sluchaino pokhitivshii etot shifr, tozhe ochen' khochet vybrat'sia nevredimym iz chuzhoi gangsterskoi istorii. No shansov malo... Neznakomykh muzhchin ob'ediniaet ne tol'ko zhelanie eshche pozhit' no i obshchaia znakomaia. S devushkoi Lenoi Sergei vstrechalsia ran'she, seichas ona nevesta Leonida. O temnykh delakh zhenikha Lena ne dogadyvaetsia, ei nravitsia tol'ko, chto cherez polgoda posle rasstavaniia s neudachnikom Sergeem, u nee poiavilsia ser'eznyi i uspeshnyi poklonnik. V techenii fil'ma Sergei pytaetsia raskryt' Lene glaza na ee novogo ukhazhera. Lena budet razbirat'sia kogo zhe iz dvukh strannovatykh kavalerov ona vse-taki liubit. Female students, including Hikari Tomonaga, from a high school cheerdance club follow strict instructions from their teacher Kaoruko Saotome. They compete at the USA Cheerdance Championship. SHIVERS DOWN YOUR SPINE is a feature length horror anthology consisting of 9 short stories as well as a wraparound framing device involving Sabiah, a beautiful and ancient djinn who is tasked by her owner to tell a variety of short horror stories as one of his wishes. The films run the gamut from comedic, to horror, to film noir, to tragedy, to 80's cheese. With SHIVERS DOWN YOUR SPINE, there is a little bit for everyone! A grumpy microbiologist is forced into sensitivity training at work and forms an unlikely friendship with her overly vivacious coach. A brilliant medical practitioner finds himself at the centre of a murder plot after taking the daughter of a Russian Police Commissioner back to his hotel room. After 20 years apart, Samir a former militiaman who was presumed dead, reappears in the life of Omar, his little brother who has become a bodyguard in Beirut. Between drama and comedy, Samir has to come to terms with a country he no longer recognizes. Willy, a boorish 50 something, finally moves out of his parents' to start a new life A mini-presentation of consciousness dealing with cosmos. The world in a grain of sand. Connections between life, death, and the world are neither static nor symmetrical but flowing and intuitive. The movement of emulsion through which images are seen is like the mind trying to retrieve and put things together. C'est la vie is a positive muscular little thing A documentary about the macho owner of an auto wrecking company in Florida who goes into hiding from the law as a woman setting off a bizarre journey of self discovery. Undergoing a risky sex change operation, Gloria becomes a dominatrix, a transgender activist and finds a gender-bending love all while trying to reconcile with her dysfunctional family. 3 men from a provincial town who are in an urgent need for money so they decide to buy a lottery ticket. They win the lottery, but very soon, the ticket gets stolen. One day, robot Robby enters into a life of the most creative little boy, Toby. Robby had been separated from his robot parents when his spaceship crashed. Toby decides to offer his help and the two of them become friends. SUPREME CHAMPION is a fun, sexy, stylized and fast paced fight action thriller about honor and courage featuring eight world class mixed martial arts champions. Jaggu Dada's grandfather and father are underworld dons. The wish of his mother is to see him become a big villain. So, he goes to Mumbai to keep the promise made to his grandfather and also finds the girl of his dreams.  Kako, a 16-year-old high school girl, goes to a mixer pretending to be 22. While there, she meets Kouta who at first has a very intimidating aura. But once he saves her from an awkward situation, she wants to know more about him as does he. That is until he finds out she isn't 22. The next day Kako runs into him again, but this time he's working as a police officer. Kako still wants to get closer to Kouta, but he isn't interested...or is he? The Return Of Sardaarji is a 2016 Punjabi film directed by Rohit Jugraj and starring Diljit Dosanjh and Sonam Bajwa in lead roles,The film will be released on 24 June 2016. It's his first night on the job, James, a temp doorman, has several run-ins with residents, bootleggers, and con-men. Gugu, the walking wounded, rejects men long before they can get too close to rock her self-imposed exile from love. But to find bliss with the right guy, she must first realise that no man is created equal and that, in love, nice guys not only have staying power but can be just right too. Welcome to Monsterland! A terrifying place where savage beasts, carnivorous creatures, and grotesque abominations are the new normal; and the human race is now at the bottom of the food chain. Zach and Ben are two nerdy childhood best friends with a dream to go to Comic Con. When Ben is forced to move with his dad to Antarctica, the two make a vow that when Ben comes back they will finish writing their own comic book and get it into the hands of their hero, Marvel creator Stan Lee. Yet, plans change when after five years of total isolation and extreme puberty, Ben returns as the same geek now trapped inside the body of an Abercrombie model. With his new "golden ticket," Zach uses Ben to do what was once thought impossible - get girls. On the outskirts of Rio de Janeiro, Irene has only a few days to overcome her anxiety and renew her strength before sending her eldest son out into the world. Sequel to Bloodsucka Jones Scandals, bribes, corruption. The Italian newspapers are full of news of corrupt politicians and unscrupulous contractors willing to do anything to get a contract. The script of THE MINISTER comes from the desire to tell a story of ordinary corruption, inspired by facts that "probably happened". Two friends, Michael Director and actor Rodrigo, receive the grand prize of the jury in a trendy international film festival. After too much drink, Rodrigo signed a contract to participate in the upcoming film of the filmmaker. Miguel disappears and reappears ten years later with a proposal to make a long delirious. Rodrigo is already famous and distrusts the health director. To make matters worse, you realize that to honor the contract will be required to make a film that can destroy not only his career but his life. Jonathan, a dreamer and wannabe stand-up comedian in his late 20's, still lives with parents. After another failed open mic performance he gets drunk and crashes his father's car on the way home. This is the last straw for his loving but fed up parents and his father kicks him out of the house. Having nowhere to go he becomes a carguard. After a very hostile reception by the other carguards, the eldest carguard decides to take Johnathan under his wing and teaches him the finer art of being a carguard and more important he teaches Jonathan about life and how to survive as an outcast. Jonathan also falls in love with a girl way out of his league. Will he be able to apply the lessons learned to make peace with his family, earn the forgiveness of his mentor and win the heart of the most beautiful girl he ever met? Based on a comic by Kazuto Okada. Based on a comic by Kazuto Okada.  When a depressed woman is burglarized, she finds a new sense of purpose by tracking down the thieves alongside her obnoxious neighbor. But they soon find themselves dangerously out of their depth against a pack of degenerate criminals. After an argument with her father on Christmas Eve, a little girl makes a wish to Santa for her Dad to become an Elf. The following morning, her wish comes true. The life and career of comedian Rose Marie is documented through interviews with friends and colleagues as well as never-before-seen home movies shot by the actress herself. Hormone crazed and pregnant Kira Soltanovich gets real with the trials and tribulations of pregnancy, birthing and raising kids. Putting her belly on the line, she hones in her maternal instincts in this hard-hitting, labor of love comedy special. A story that follows Salome, a young woman in Reykjavik, who lives with her best friend and on/off-boyfriend, Hrafn. Everything changes when Hrafn gets another girl pregnant and she moves in with them. Grace, a teenage girl dying of cancer crashes a funeral home to find out what will happen to her after she dies but ends up teaching the awkward funeral director, Bill Jankowski how to celebrate life. Three stages in George's life, and three girls he encounters in each stage.  Decio is a winning horse trainer who works at the Rio de Janeiro's Jockey Club, where Lena runs an indebted coffee shop that she inherited. Worried about her financial situation and having to take care of her younger brother who is in a wheelchair, Lena never smiles. In love, Decio must overcome his shyness to get close to her, especially with him being only 1.20m tall. He will do anything to get Lena's attention, including becoming a comedian, just so he can see Lena smile.  The life story of legendary comedian, Rip Taylor. NYPD cop John McClane's plan to reconcile with his estranged wife is thrown for a serious loop when, minutes after he arrives at her office, the entire building is overtaken by a group of terrorists. With little help from the LAPD, wisecracking McClane sets out to single-handedly rescue the hostages and bring the bad guys down. Teenage outsider Adam sets out on an epic and daring quest to uncover the mystery behind his long-lost dad, only to find out that he is none other than the legendary Bigfoot! He has been hiding deep in the forest for years to protect himself and his family from HairCo., a giant corporation eager to run scientific experiments with his special DNA. As father and son start making up for lost time after the boy's initial disbelief, Adam soon discovers that he too is gifted with superpowers beyond his imagination. But little do they know, HairCo. is on their tail as Adam's traces have led them to Bigfoot! A quick witted young man from the streets of South Central must rush a lily-white USC fraternity to recover a stash of stolen money. Two middle-aged men, who are settled in the same city, try to put an end to their families' blood feud in their village. Meanwhile, their children, fall in love with each other and decide to get hitched. Another day at the work... of robots.  After suffering a heart attack, a world-famous and hard-drinking actor is forced to drive across country with his estranged son--who testified against him in his parents' divorce--on one last madcap adventure. When 9 first comes to life, he finds himself in a post-apocalyptic world. All humans are gone, and it is only by chance that he discovers a small community of others like him taking refuge from fearsome machines that roam the earth intent on their extinction. Despite being the neophyte of the group, 9 convinces the others that hiding will do them no good. Life for a single mom in Los Angeles takes an unexpected turn when she allows three young guys to move in with her. With the participation of two box-office king is Hoai Linh and Taihe, Ma Dai are many spectators expected right from when he was done. The film also marks the first time Hoang Duy Duc Thinh and try as film director. The film revolves around two main characters are the Lam (Ngan Khanh) and Tho (Duc Thinh). Both do not have in common but ironic fate binds them together. Lam is a lady successful career, happy living next guy named sweetheart shape Vinh (Vietnam Dung Ha). One day, her perfect life suddenly been muddled since the arrival of the Dalai Lama, a strange ghost. When alive, the Dalai Lama was a poor boy, bad boy. To get rid of the ghost, Lam must help him complete the unfinished wishes, thereby leading to many situations cry smile. Like many other films of cinema Vietnam, humor is an indispensable element in Ma Dai. The episode comedy focused at the beginning of the film, while the second half is the time the characters resolve the conflict. Duke Diver is living the high life as the freewheeling manager of a luxurious resort in Palm Springs, Calif. He soon faces competition from Leo, a former military man who likes the same woman that Duke is interested in. When Diver's past suddenly catches up with him, he must put aside his differences and reluctantly team up with Leo to stop whoever is trying to kill him. Juan lives in Antofagasta, a small city between desert and sea from the north of Chile, but he dreams with big cities. When an opportunity of studying in New York appears.He doesn't hesitate and travels there. However, when his mother Magdalena starts having serious health problems back in Antofagasta, Juan's life in New York will stop being the perfect one. Ex-lovers Anthony &amp; Durga, who are now happily settled in their respective married lives, have a chance meeting after a gap of eight years in Abu Dhabi, a meeting that ends up being a journey of self-discovery and new beginnings. High school seniors Logan and Blake prepare for an epic Spring Break as they travel to the beautiful and exotic Mexican beach resort of Puerto Vallarta hoping to hook up with their high school crushes. Surrounded by hot girls in teeny bikinis, the guys are truly in heaven. After meeting at a club, Logan falls for a mysterious local beauty named Gaby but then realizes the next morning, when his grandfather's Rolex watch is missing, that she was after more than just his heart. Karthik and Kashi look alike, but Karthik aspires to be a sub-inspector while Kashi is a criminal mastermind. What happens when they end up being in the same city with a bag of stolen cocaine playing games in their nearly-perfect lives?  Ex-gangster Willie Parker has betrayed his former "colleagues" and now lives in Spain where he thinks he can hide from their vengeance... Veteran Illustrator and Bluegrass Musician John Holder returns to the village he grew up, Badwell Ash in Mid-Suffolk, England; reconnecting with family and friends from the past and encountering stories of growing up and growing old in Suffolk.  Having left the village to pursue a formal education at Cambridge School of Art at just 16, and begin a life and career that would see him travel all over the world; performing with and meeting his Bluegrass Heroes - the likes of Bill Monroe, Hank Williams, Dolly Parton. Old Suffolk Boys provides an insight into an area of Eastern England, as well as a man who is returning to his roots - entrenched with pickup trucks, a dash of conservative politics and a deep-rooted love of country music, that will surely resonate with audiences. In America there are three unemployed hotshots because their country is at peace and prosperous. In Indonesia, there is a former champ who failed to improve his country's condition. Corruption and crime remain rampant. Om Gun (Dede Yusuf), the former champ, invites the three American hotshots to Indonesia with the proviso to bring what is called champ serum.  With the serum Om Gun recruites his nephew, Bumi (Kemal Palevi), to become a whiz to fight crimes. Bumi then becomes Instant Champ, who has strength and superiority after being injected with the serum. When the serum disappears, Bumi is back into a mediocre man. Ranging from spying on members of the House of Parliament that make a comparative study to save the guardian of a mountain to be done by Bumi. He even saves one bucket of money from the house of a corruptor.  With her father the Duke banished and in exile, Rosalind and her cousin Celia leave their lives in the court behind them and journey into the Forest of Arden.  There, released from convention, Rosalind experiences the liberating rush of transformation. Disguising herself as a boy, she embraces a different way of living and falls spectacularly in love. Five thirty-something men in as many separate segments struggle to grapple with the relentless absurdity of their respective existences. Present day. A WWII veteran Vilen has a visitor, his Navy buddy Leonid, who was killed in action in 1941. He comes to execute Vilen as a traitor. In the late Joseon Dynasty, Bongyi Kim Seon-dal is the best conman who sells water from the Taedong River.  An acerbic relationship comedy about a young married couple that draws together the sad truths about the difficulties of intimate relationships. Idiots Taylor Dupp and Murphy Wegg flee their humdrum existence in Dayton, Ohio for the glamour of Hollywood. Murphy turns his complete lack of talent into a career as a television producer ("The Pac-Man Show"), while Taylor is unjustly accused of murder. After keeping a careful distance for many years, 25-year-old Gaspard must renew contact with his family when his father remarries. Accompanied by Laura, an eccentric young woman who agrees to pretend she's his girlfriend at the wedding, he finally feels ready to set foot in the zoo owned by his parents, where he is reunited with the monkeys and tigers he grew up with... But with a father who is an out-of-control womanizer, a brother who is far too sensible, and a sister who is far too beautiful, he unknowingly sets himself up to experience the last days of his childhood. A romcom with a time-travel twist. Daniel Duncombe is not a committer. When he's not working at a cafe or running to stay in shape, he's perfectly happy to chill at home. Then he starts waking up from weird dreams to find cryptic messages scrawled on his bedroom window. Slowly it dawns on Daniel that the same mysterious force is guiding him into contact with a strange assortment of equally unattached strangers who intrude on his routine. A lift begins displaying some erratic behavior, like trapping some party goers and nearly suffocating them, and decapitating a security guard. Felix, the technician from the lift company, can't find anything wrong with the circuitry. When he and a nosy reporter begin asking questions of the lift company's electronics partner (Rising Sun Electronics) his boss puts him on a leave of absence. A subsequent visit to a professor leads them to believe that some evil experiments are being conducted. A random invitation to a Halloween party leads a man into the hands of a rogue collective intent on murdering him for the sake of their art, sparking a bloodbath of mishap, mayhem and hilarity. Based on true events. "This is Meg" is a sneak peak into the Los Angeles lifestyle of a working but not famous female actress/comedienne's point of view that is forced to shift with the social media wave. A comedy-drama about best friends - one a straight woman, Abbie, the other a gay man, Robert - who decide to have a child together. Five years later, Abbie falls in love with a straight man and wants to move away with her and Robert's little boy Sam, and a nasty custody battle ensues. the group of tourists go to the black see in Bulgaria. Really funny stuff happens all the time which is the ordinary state of the people's behavior in this local place. they get stranded in an Island near the see and start to get paranoid, also in the same time the mayor is drinking and is not sending a rescue party . they think that they will end up dead in the island, but what happens next? - Really funny things all the time. Koroviev, a police officer who teaches poetry in a brigade of police poets, is in search of a precious Bible annotated by Pierre Maheu, the captain of the St. Elias, a legendary ship. His quest leads him to befriend a young thief who introduces him to a mysterious woman named Coriandre.  A 16-year-old international assassin yearning for a "normal" adolescence fakes her own death and enrolls as a senior in a suburban high school. She quickly learns that being popular can be more painful than getting water-boarded.   The story of a woman who dreams to join an intervention group in the police department called RAID. Unfortunately, she is rather clumsy and both her family (and soon to be family-in-law) and a veteran of the RAID do not approve. However, Johanna is determined to prove them wrong. Set entirely in one location, the film follows four strangers who become trapped in the elevator of St. Julian-a decrepit, inner-city building. An assassin, a religious zealot, a mother, and a thief...just moments after being confined, it becomes clear that one of them is mortally wounded. As the minutes tick by, a battle for survival ensues where each of them is forced to examine their sordid ties to St. Julian-the building, as well as the legacy of the religious figure. Teenager Johan loves drift racing but his father doesn`t support his involvement in the sport. Despite his father`s objection, Johan continues to pursue his passion with the help of his best friend, Bojeng; his uncle, Ajoi; and the mad scientist, Pak Idun. One day, Johan discovers his father`s dark past and it is closely related to drift racing. Since then, he vows to turn his passion into a lifelong ambition. Johan faces various struggles involving his childhood crush, Julia; secret admirer, Shiela; and scheming rival, Ray. Just when a fatal accident is about to happen before his eyes, Johan does the unthinkable - he travels to the past with a time-travelling machine to save his loved ones in the future. A teenager living with her sister and parents in Manhattan during the 1990s discovers that her father is having an affair. A poet suffers feuding psychiatrists and shifting reality while committeed to a mental institution. Charlie Fitzpatrick is the most successful high school basketball coach in Georgia history. While many of his players think of him as a father, his relationship with his own "bookworm" son, Evan, is strained. With the help of his wife, Laura and Evan's wife, Heather, Charlie determines the best way to connect and bond is to take his son and grandson, Markie, who has just announced he's dropping out of college to tour with his folk band, to a rustic mountain cabin for a weekend retreat. Only this cabin is the same site where he took his many winning teams to test their mettle over a grueling military-style obstacle course, the same one Evan, as a student never got the chance to complete. This is Charlie's idea of fun, Evan's idea of a nightmare, and Markie's idea of-well he's young and idealistic; he's just going with the flow. . Koroki is a 35-year old man who admires Japanese singer-songwriter Tamio Okuda and aspires to live like him. He works as an editor at the lifestyle magazine "Mare," where he meets Akari Amami, a mischievous fashion press writer, and falls in love with her at first sight.  "Hitler's Folly" explores what might have happened if Adolf Hitler's art career had been more successful and instead of becoming an evil dictator, he was inspired to become an animator like Walt Disney. After finding himself at the constant abuse of his best friend Bobby, Marty has become fed up with his friend's twisted ways. His girlfriend, a victim of Bobby's often cruel ways, couldn't agree more and they strategize murdering Bobby. What started as a simple escort mission will soon turn to chaos as the prisoners of Koh Kla take over the prison grounds. A special task force [Jean-Paul Ly, Dara Our, Tharoth Sam] gets trapped in the prison will have to fight their way out for survival, to protect a key witness [Savin Phillip]. There's this hot ice-hockey guy called Lauri Mantyvaara. Satu promises she'll do her best, so that her best friend Heidi will get him. You'd think that the picturesque Finnish Archipelago would be the perfect place to discover your first love (and get rid of your virginity), but it will not be easy, if a cynical protein-shake-slurping ice hockey team thinks the target of your desire should focus only on the European Championship, and the only places you can escape to are the pretentious summer wedding parties - or bitter divorce parties. About ten years ago Sean Quirk, being a student at the College of Music in Chicago, heard for the first time in his hometown of Milwaukee the audio recording of the group "Hung-Hurtuu" - the world famous performers of Tuvan throat singing. And the life of Sean Patrick has changed dramatically. He moved to the capital of Tuva, the city of Kyzyl, married the Tuvinka Svetlana Sunduy, they had three children. Sean became Honored Artist of the Republic of Tuva, soloist of the National Orchestra of the Republic of Tuva, participant and manager of the folklore group "Alash", nominees at the Grammy in the field of World music. He received land as a gift from the Government of the Republic of Tajikistan in the suburb of Kyzyl and began to build his house. Four brothers receive news of an inheritance and must contend with an unscrupulous landowner to receive their birthright. It's a face-off against two of the most evil supernatural forces: vampires fueled by bloodlust and zombies who've come back from the dead to prey on the living. The two camps are bent on proving their superiority, so it's a race to the gory finish. Whoever wins will decide the future of humanity. When Chef Carl Casper suddenly quits his job at a prominent Los Angeles restaurant after refusing to compromise his creative integrity for its controlling owner, he is left to figure out what's next. Finding himself in Miami, he teams up with his ex-wife, his friend and his son to launch a food truck. Taking to the road, Chef Carl goes back to his roots to reignite his passion for the kitchen -- and zest for life and love. Sam and Anna are part of the hip, vegan, green, eco-friendly, upper-class subculture of Berlin. Anna is a successful doctor, and Nick works in advertising. However, life in Germany's capital is fast-paced and stressful, so the two of them decide to take the next step towards the ideal "eco lifestyle" and move out to the country. As they arrive, they find that life in the country is much less relaxing than they expected, as the rather eccentric locals keep them on their toes. Pablo is a young man going through a crisis of love. His best friend decides to take him to reunion party; there he encounters Daniela, the great love in his adolescence. In the middle of the party he tries conquer her heart, but discovers a reality that he did not expect of her: she is dedicated to the oldest trade in the world Elmo's World: Families, Mail &amp; Bath Time! is a 2004 Sesame Street video release. It contains three episodes of Elmo's World. Documentary about Paul De Baeremaeker, manager of a small cycling team in Belgium. The documentary follows him during the year 1998 and goes behind the scenes of the local cycling world.  High-schooler Grover Beindorf and his younger sister Stacy decide that their parents, Janet and Ned, are acting childishly when they decide to divorce after 18 years of marriage, so they lock them up in the basement until they'll sort out their problems. Their school friends also decide to do the same with their parents to solve their respective problems Jimmie is seeing his single friends get married one by one. He isn't too worried until his girlfriend Anne catches the bouquet at his friend Marco's wedding. Suddenly, his wild mustang days are numbered. He finally decides to propose to her, but he sticks his foot in his mouth and botches the proposal. Being insulted by the defeatist proposal, Anne leaves town on an assignment. After she's gone, he finds out that his recently-deceased grandfather's will stipulates that he gets nothing of a multi-million dollar fortune unless he's married by 6:05pm on his 30th birthday: tomorrow! Not being able to find Anne, Jimmie begins backtracking through his past girlfriends to find a wife. On his way to a medical convention, Dr Fausto runs into a man who claims the Doctor removed his stomach eight years ago in a surgical operation. Against all odds, he is still alive. The man turns up repeatedly and promises Fausto to make all his wishes come true. Reality starts dissolving and Fausto begins to lose control After a bizarre one night stand leaves him infertile, a careless bachelor sets out to connect with the television presenter who, as the result of the anonymous sperm donation he once made, happens to be pregnant with his child. The neurological inner workings of romantic relationships between men and women are studied for science. Hai Apna Dil Toh Awara is a slice of life in the lives of three couples who have their own point of views about life and when their thoughts collide, it's a Bull vs Matador fight to the finish for them.  The film tells the story of Wei Xiao Bao alternative Cow silk counter-attack, but also to make thousands of users feel familiar with, Li Chun Yuan small two Wei Xiao Bao perennial obsession in the hearts of loved children, love dust he accidentally practiced a trick " To know the sudden departure of love, he decided to take the risk of love, to follow the twin children into the palace, the identity of the eunuch to protect their love at the mercy, but the palace is not better than the outside of the world, he was no longer a ghost horse elves can not escape an undercurrent of the palace fighting Board, Xiao Bao deep sense of righteous dilemma. The film follows the thrills and challenges of the humble and hard working trainer/caretaker duo who together developed their bargain priced ($16,000) yearling into a big-money making, stakes class racehorse, and ultimately a world champion. Married for ten years, in full crisis, thinking about divorce. But following a failed scientific experiment, they suddenly find one inside the body of the other. Frank Albertson's father wants his son to marry Lois January, but they really are only friends. Frank watches Lois doing a hooch dance at a secret tropical ritual, and he quickly changes his mind and falls for her fleshy charms. Shakespeare's comedy about two couples in love with the wrong partners, and how they are finally brought together rightly, thanks in part to the bungling work of Puck. It is completely in the language of the Bard, with Pfeiffer as the Fairy Queen and Kline as the one turned into her evening's lover with donkey ears. Cynthia is a horror film about the 'perfect' couple and their desperate obsession to have a child which descends into a terrifying dark comedy. Chinggay, a jewelry shop manager, is one of the single women in their 30's who feels the pressure to find love. She goes out on dates with men but none of them seem to make the cut. You may blame her high standards but the pain from her previous relationship could also be affecting her judgment on men. Now, her love life is suffering a drought for seven years. Everything changes when suddenly, two men are interested to be with her. Ryan bought an engagement ring from Chinggay only to be rejected by his girlfriend. Chinggay helps Ryan to get back with his girlfriend but they end up losing the ring and becoming good friends. On the other hand, Chinggay's ex-boyfriend Frank is persistent to redeem himself and to prove that he deserves a second chance with Chinggay. Chinggay finds herself torn between two kinds of love. Oscar nominated documentary short from 2008 Anders moves from the city to a quiet small farm that belonged to his deceased parents and spends his days out in the forest, aimlessly chopping down trees. His only desire is to be out in nature, and to lose himself in the physical work.  His attempt to escape is soon interrupted by the constant involvement of his pushy relatives who want to tell him what to do and how to do it. Soon it becomes clear that Anders has just traded in one claustrophobic existence for another. The family of Ana Luisa meets at home to celebrate her father's birthday. As the guests sit around the table they will share memories of the past, in which all have a common denominator: the late Josefa, Ana Luisa's mother. Hearing the stories, Ana Luisa realizes the impact that his late mother had on their life choices and imagines what would have happened if she had followed other paths, taken other options and said what was unsaid. At the same time, an event of unknown origin causes a change in space and time, enabling people all over the world the access to parallel universes. Ana Luisa will thus have the opportunity to change the past... Father Jonathan Keene - a cold, impatient Catholic priest arrives in a tiny fishing village the week before Christmas to do what he does best: shut down a dying parish... A small-town criminal finds an ancient Chinese time-travel device that can help him pull off a heist and start a new life-but he may not survive the consequences of tampering with time. The Castle meets Looper, Mega Time Squad is a study in high-meets-low, combining elements of the sci-fi, the crime thriller and the comedy to make a comedy heist film with a time-traveling twist. Still reeling from his breakup with college sweetheart Allison, Adam's world is thrown into further chaos when he's surprisingly invited to attend her wedding. The story, penned down by Padmanava Dasgupta, is about three software engineers who undertake a journey to Nepal to escape the stress of a 9-to-5 job and how their life takes an unexpected turn after meeting three girls on their way, forms the crux of the story. A simple story, but larger than life portrayal of the universal human saga represented through Dionis, a retiring biology professor, his wife and his fantasy of turning his unusual car collection into a museum in a small uneventful town. A young woman doctor discovers something sinister going on in her hospital. Relatively healthy patients are having 'complications' during simple operations and ending up in comas. The patients are then shipped off to an institute that looks after them. The young doctor suspects there is more to this than meets the eye. Five years have passed since Japan's Great Zombie Panic. The confusion of those days is gone and people have finally regained their ordinary, peaceful lives. One day, out of nowhere, a zombie appears and becomes trapped in a house. Six people have spotted the zombie, including the home-owner couple, a cheeky high school boy, a boring small-factory owner, a suspicious young intern and a woman who insists she is the zombie's wife. Estranged siblings Marcus and Michelle Brinks are reunited after the sudden death of their parents, two globe-trotting aid workers who they barely knew. In the days following the wake, the siblings can't help but turn their current lives and relationships into chaos as they're forced to reckon with their shared past. Just another day in the life of a young man whose ass is used by a cruel syndicate and cult as a dildo mold. Unil he accidentally discovers how to make the most out of his abused hole. An unemployed youth dreams of living well. One evening, he finds a drunken industrialist passed out in a gutter, and takes the opportunity to switch places with him. He finds love, intrigue, and the good life in his new home, Pushpak, a hotel where the industrialist was staying. A silent masterpiece. Preetham is a confused youngster, whose is born to a wealthy family and lives the hipster life. He seeks constant change and adventure, even in his love life. When he finally meets a match in Nandini, does he really find a happily ever after? Mita and Raj Batra, an affluent couple from Delhi's Chandni Chowk, are grappling with getting their daughter admission into an English medium school. But there is one big problem. Their zubaan is Hindi, and the elitist snobs won't let the Hindi speaking hoi-polloi fit in. Robert, 40 years old, lives in the city of Strasbourg, but he seems to have some issues with Strasbourg's nightlife. In reaction, he takes photos and videos of people leaving the bars or the nightclubs and he publishes their images on the Internet in order to denounce the night's 'noise pollution' of his city. Some people wants to have fun on the weekend; Robert wants to sleep well. A small film crew meets Robert in order to understand his approach. The adventure begins with the crash of a meteor in the outskirts of a desert city. The space-rock contains a chemical substance that affects the residents in peculiar ways. Two neighboring preteens fall in love, a nerd schoolgirl creates powerful energy with pressure cooker, a young boy takes his dad's cab out to make money and a schoolboy organizes for Hajj, when they are all exposed to the substance. As a result, their parents along with the whole neighborhood go wild in the ensuing events. Ironically, the kids and the adults switch places while trying to figure out a solution to this "otherworldly" problem! Forced to play a dangerous game of cat-and-mouse in the chaos of war, an elite Army bomb squad unit must come together in a city where everyone is a potential enemy and every object could be a deadly bomb. Romantic comedy, that is an adaption of a German novel A real-life comedy about a filmmaker who takes a road trip to Las Vegas -- with his real-life father and 16-year-old half-brother, plus a crew of two -- in the hopes of proving the existence of God.  Two robbers befriend with another robber, then decide to team up and robber people in a poor village in China. Both leads give performances that go beyond their usual range in a satire that's sometimes diverting but ultimately toothless. Entertainment veteran Shirley Yung, who directs, should know better Ozzy, a friendly, peaceful beagle has his idyllic life turned upside down when the Martins leave on a long and distant trip. There's only one problem: no dogs allowed! Unable to bring their beloved Ozzy along for the ride, they settle on the next best thing, a top-of-the-line canine spa called Blue Creek. The separation of a long married couple goes awry when they fall for each other again.  The wicked Badiyanu has come to capture all Earth's children to gain enough power to absorb the planet in her Black Dream Hole. The Black Dream Hole is in Badiyanu's castle and absorbs the dream energy from children. The more children Badiyanu kidnaps, the larger the dream hole gets. The Sailor Team must save Earth's children and prevent the Black Dream Hole from enveloping the entire planet! At the turn of the century on Prince Edward Island, Matthew Cuthbert and his sister Marilla decide to take on an orphan boy as help for their farm. But they get an unexpected jolt when they're mistakenly sent a girl instead: Anne Shirley. Anne's a dreamer with an unusual point of view, far removed from Marilla's pragmatic ways, and it's only on trial that Marilla agrees to keep Anne. Chad Steelman, local legend and deadbeat, recruits a team to take vengeance on the might mythical Pegasus. Angel is one of those typical macho's who does not hold women in high regard. With his fancy talk, his tight suit and his fashionable job as a director of publicity spots, he has ample opportunity to grab as many young aspiring actresses by the pussy as he can. His wife and kid are left to deal with the consequences. This is now drastically coming to an end. One night, when there's once again not enough blood flowing through his brains and too much through his nether regions, he walks into a trap set up by a circle of Celtic Goddesses. They transform him into a zombie and make him a pawn in their plan to end male dominance one and for all. Luckily Angel's not alone. He's part of a brotherhood of undead macho's. They do not only exchange tips in how to mask their increasingly penetrating body odor, they also come up with a plan to sabotage the Goddesses. Bill Irwin and David Shiner in their award-winning, critically acclaimed production of Old Hats from Signature Theatre. This production reunites the clowns with original director Tina Landau and introduces their songstress and comic foil Shaina Taub. Using music, magic, technology, and movement, Irwin and Shiner create a hilarious, slapstick piece of theater. Bella is a part-time model who becomes famous after posing for the cover page of Reza`s latest magazine. At their first meeting, they fall in love at first sight with each other and eventually get married. However, their marriage life is definitely not a happy ever after, as they begin fighting and quarrelling almost every single day. Reza ends up asking his friend Adi to seduce Bella so that she will leave him. Murugan is the go-to man for MLA 'Jacket' Janakiraman who is in the good books of the minister of state. Murugan falls in love with an aspiring cop, Archana and tries to make her a cop using his rapport with Jacket. The minister on his deathbed, confides with Jacket where he has stashed billions of cash but an irked relative leads him into an accident that wipes out his memory. Murugan and Jacket's attempts wriggle out of the situation is what the rest of the movie has in store.  Noor Jahaan is the story of two young lovers, Noor (played by Adrit roy) and Jahaan (played by Puja cherry)  Alvaro and his friends try to scam a Dominican crime lord in order to pay off a debt to a Russian mobster. Angie, a befuddled young woman, cannot seem to end a hectic day, when she's confronted by her ex, Jamie. Whisked about town on a whirlwind date, Jamie falls for Angie again, but she resists. Unfortunately, her roommate, Rita, does not and falls for Jamie anyway. It all explodes at a party attended by all and with the additions of ex girls and guys everywhere. Everything in high school is like the world ending and Sadie Mitchell's crippling fear of the coming apocalypse is the heightened version of that. True love never dies, the loving heart never stops beating ... for Kerstin's ex Thomas, who she still hopes will come back some day. Instead of Thomas, her mother Charlotte shows up at her door, mid-50s and freshly single again, too. Charlotte moves in with Kerstin and her flatmates, one of who shows her how to use a modern dating app to meet new men. As mom starts dating again, her daughter refuses to let digital reality intrude on her romantic daydreams. Two filmmakers clash creatively in mid-production, resulting in a meta-film duel of genres as they write the story they are living. Both will stop at nothing to preserve their own vision for the film. As the battle grows, they discover that their imagination is the limit for their arsenal, and find themselves in lethal combat, where only one can emerge triumphant. A wannabe model from a small Russian town robs a local bank to fund her modeling career. Coming of age comedy about a Korean girl adopted by an American family. When political turmoil forces a British-Caribbean dictator to flee his island nation, he seeks refuge and hides with a rebellious teenage girl in suburban America, and ends up teaching the young teen how to start a revolution and overthrow the "mean girls" in her high school. The title is not just a slang word but a hip new attitude, importantly a fresh perspective on life. YZ is a coming-of-age comedy about a 33-year-old who is trapped between the identity of a boy and a man.   Dasu and his gang of newbies kidnap a rich politician's son to extract money from him, with his new-found uncanny rules of kidnapping. All his plannings go haywire when an insane cop is brought to handle the case.  Goa is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language romantic comedy film written and directed by Venkat Prabhu, who with the project. Starring Jai, Vaibhav and Premji Amaran in the lead roles along with Sneha, Piaa Bajpai and the debutant Australian model Melanie Marie in other roles, the film features music composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja. The film follows the journey of three young men, Ramarajan, Vinayagam and Saamikannu, who flee from their remote, conservative village to escape their overly strict families and travel to the international tourist-destination Goa, after encountering a friend who had fallen in love with a Caucasian girl whilst on holiday there. The film explores their time in Goa, the people they meet ranging from gay hoteliers to suave casino owners, and dwells on the relationships they encounter in the region. Popeye has just finished his house when a band of termites attacks. Oliver and Cassi, a couple from Brooklyn, spend the day apart, meandering NYC, each with their respective best friend, trying to decide whether or not they should stay together and renew their lease or call it quits after five years. Noah spends the perfect first night with the girl of his dreams Avery but gets relegated to the friend zone. He spends the next three years wondering what went wrong - until he gets the unexpected chance to travel back in time and alter that night, and his fate, over and over again. A married woman on journey from Mumbai to Howrah by train meets her ex-husband. At the police station, four Hollywood cops sing "Skinna-Ma Rink-A-Dink," "Mother Goose Medley," "Cluckin'" and "Waddle." The "black sheep" son of a wealthy family meets a young psychiatric patient who's been raised in isolation her entire life. He takes the naive young woman home for his brother's wedding an improbable romance blooms, as she impresses everyone with her genuine, simple charms. Remake of the German film "Barfuss" (2005). Keshav and Jaya are from two villages near Mathura, where at least 80% of households are without any access to a lavatories. Conflict comes knocking on the first day of their marriage, when Jaya leaves Keshav's house for good, after discovering that there is no toilet in the home. Distraught and desperate, Keshav sets out on mission to win back his love- by battling against the age old traditions, mind-set and value system of his country. When shadowy U.S. intelligence agents blackmail a reformed computer hacker and his eccentric team of security experts into stealing a code-breaking 'black box' from a Soviet-funded genius, they uncover a bigger conspiracy. Now, he and his 'sneakers' must save themselves and the world economy by retrieving the box from their blackmailers. Local skate-park hero Ned Venture, along with his multi-talented brothers and sister, gets thrown into the wildest, craziest, adventure of his life after accidentally finding a large stash of diamonds stolen by a wannabe gang of mobsters.  In honor of his birthday, San Francisco banker Nicholas Van Orton, a financial genius and a cold-hearted loner, receives an unusual present from his younger brother, Conrad: a gift certificate to play a unique kind of game. In nearly a nanosecond, Nicholas finds himself consumed by a dangerous set of ever-changing rules, unable to distinguish where the charade ends and reality begins. A dramatic comedy feature film that tells the story of three friends who lives in the same building, in Sao Paulo. When Los Angeles based Max Roth inherits an orchard in British Columbia, his life changes in unexpected ways.  Celo a young man from Papua, prompting his father to go look for the lost twin brother since childhood. Celo set off by following the instructions of the dream of his father who saw his twin brother were in the battlefield.  On arrival in the city of Jayapura, accidentally Celo met with Babe, a bankrupt businessman from Medan and asking him to look where the battlefield was. Babe involved a lot of debt just makes the problem Celo grow complicated. They were chased by debt collectors and hid in airport cargo warehouse, they unknowingly carried by air to Jakarta.  In Jakarta, Celo and Babe involved a lot of new problems, especially when they pursued Nato Beko, gangs are again fighting dragons estate owned by William Male deer gang.  Celo honest apart must find his twin brother, he was involved in the conflict between urban gangs, while Babe cunning also continue to utilize the cello to get his wish. A party clown must fight to keep his smile on.  Petersburg. A Selfie comprises seven novellas about the beautiful city of St. Petersburg, Russia, shot by female directors. The film tells a story of a real, living and breathing city, rather than a mythical phantasm. Each novella tells its own story about love and loneliness, luck and hope. Two male best friends have their relationship tested when it turns out that one is in love with the other.  Three brothers-in-law try to get their daughters to dump their undesirable boyfriends. The argument turns to vinegar between Sandrine and Raphael who leaves him for dead. Panicked, she fled with Raphael's car to take refuge with her mother at the other end of France. But she discovers on the way that Raphael's life was hiding a different story. Sandrine finds herself struggling with robbers she intends to get rid of . From a young age, Natsuki knew she was a girl despite her sex assigned at birth. Against the backdrop of conservative Japanese society, this poignant docudrama tells her remarkable story of gender transition. Reflecting on her high school years, Natsuki interviews the supportive friends and family who supported her choices - and also confronts the people those who oppressed her freedom. Tracing Natsumi's story to the present, this compelling portrait of gender identity in contemporary Japan offers insights of a layered experience in a complex society. Two best friends start a ghost hunting company as a scam to make quick cash when their plans to road trip to California are foiled by an expensive engine repair. Yukina Toriyama (Tao Tsuchiya) enters a university of science after prepping for one year for her entrance exam. At first, she is shocked by the atmosphere at her school. She becomes attracted to senior student Kei (Mahiro Takasugi). Due to Kei, Yukina joins the "human powered flight" club. The club targets the "Tori Ningen Contest." Yukina wants to partner with Kei to fly in the sky, but she is partnered with Sakaba (Shotaro Mamiya) whom she does not like. Salam, an inexperienced young Palestinian man, becomes a writer on a popular soap opera after a chance meeting with an Israeli soldier. His creative career is on the rise - until the soldier and the show's financial backers disagree about how the show should end, and Salam is caught in the middle. The film addresses a series of questions about the sexual problems of Iran's youth from puberty until marriage life. An improvised film; a man discovers he's emotionally stuck between his ex-girlfriend, his new girlfriend and his best friend; and in the course of a day he must follow his passion and become unstuck. A film on cigarette smoking and health, designed to give young people a wholly new way of looking at cigarette smoking and its health hazards. In this heartwarming comedy, two filmmakers from Los Angeles go to Armenia to shoot a feature length movie about a third generation American Armenian who goes to Yerevan to adopt a 12 year old. Teaming up with a local impresario, the team begins the arduous task of casting for the parts, scouting locations and securing the last leg of the funding. What seems to be a perfect plan becomes a perfect storm of absurd meetings, unexpected discoveries and hysterical events, which come together to sabotage the project. The Minister of Culture, The chief of police, the director of Hyefilm Studios, the oligarch...They all offer to help, and yet all of them have their conditions - changing the plot of the script, adopting it to another period, casting a relative for a part, and ultimately a proposal to turn the simple, touching story into a biopic of an oligarch. Yet Another New James Benning Film  A day in the life of two best friends, a drug dealer, and a store manager collide at a hip-hop concert in the Inland Empire. Christo Roppolo claims to have been videotaping and communicating with UFOs around Monterey, CA for several years. He contacted filmmaker, Justin Gaar, in 2013 to begin creating a film about his sightings. Skeptical of the footage but intrigued by Christo's eccentricities and wild stories, Justin begins spending time with Christo hunting UFOs along California's beautiful central coast. When a crop circle appears in Monterey County and becomes international news, Christo is validated in his belief of alien contact and Justin, shocked, begins investigating the source of the crop circle and how Christo knows beyond a doubt that he's being contacted by his "brother's from space."  Lucie sees Eloi, a homeless man, freezing to death in the alley, and takes him in. Living together proves to be difficult until Lucie's charity restores Eloi's humanity and her emotional maturity.  Spies force two British con men (Michael Caine, Roger Moore) to pose as look-alike scientists peddling cheap-energy fusion. A bunch of characters, each with their own set of problems, try to tackle the question of marriage that hangs over their lives. Right Right starts off with Ravi joining his duty as a bus conductor in a small village. Very quickly, he establishes a good rapport with the driver Seshu as well as the regular commuters. One fine day, when Seshu gets badly drunk during his duty, Ravi is forced to drive the bus back home. During the journey, Ravi hears a sudden sound in front of the bus and thinks he hit someone. He get's down to find a man under his bus, who is barely alive. It is the remake of Malayalam film Ordinary. Lonely widow Joyce rents out a room in her house and becomes dangerously obsessed with one of her guests. A young man still in love with his self-destructive ex agrees to join her on a trip to Cancun where he ends up meeting a local girl - forcing him question everything he wants in life. When a pandemic strikes the world, Victor and his family get stuck within a hippie community. Paul is a serially unemployed father of three who works one day a week in a run-down mattress showroom. To stimulate sales, proactive Paul invents the goofy persona of Mattress Mick for his employer, Michael, to play, and creates ridiculous videos involving rap songs and monkey puppets. When the oddball clips go viral, Paul sees his chance to monetize the concept and reinvent himself as a social media guru. Can a guy who's been made redundant twice in the past few years use his marketing savvy and entrepreneurial skills to transform his boss into an Internet star? Will Paul gain recognition for his bold ideas or will Michael take all the credit? Set against the backdrop of Ireland's crippling economic austerity and reflecting current workplace conditions, Mattress Men tells the compelling story of a man looking for job security so he can get off social assistance and provide for his family. Follow Ike on this wild adventure based around the life of a Pizza delivery guy. From a serious (nervous) crush that he has on a regular customer, to the long list of odd clients, Ike does his job with a smile... until he realizes two thugs are trying to kidnap him... and he is not exactly sure why.  Dika (Raditya Dika) is a guy who his married just got canceled because his girlfriend, Andrea (Acha Septriasa) is cheating on him with a guy named James (Nino Fernandez). Dika is broken hearted, he's even in trouble writing the final chapter of his book. One day, a girl named Trisna (Sheryl Sheinafia) met with Dika, a girl who made a unique viewpoint on the world on Dika. Dika went along Trisna, they become best friends. Trisna who had intended to help Dika finish the last chapter of his book, find the reasons why Dika is in trouble writing the final chapter: because he was stil heartbroken to Andrea. Trisna was trying to make Dika stop heartbreak. Trisna told Dika to revenge Andrea. Will Dika follow the Trisna advice? Why Trisna really intend for Dika separated from the heartbreak that happened to him? One by one, a flock of small birds perches on a telephone wire. Sitting close together has problems enough, and then comes along a large dopey bird that tries to join them. The birds of a feather can't help but make fun of him - and their clique mentality proves embarrassing in the end. A razor sharp comedy all about relationships and red tape. Kreso is at a loose end. A fully qualified biologist, he's about to hit middle age, disillusioned, out of work and stuck in a marriage that should probably never have started. At least his son still looks up to him. Meanwhile, the country's cash-strapped government is busily looking for unique ways to save money, and now, over 20 years after the 1990's war, sets its sights on the widows of fallen soldiers. Anyone unmarried but in a new relationship will no longer be allowed a military pension. Enforcing such an unpopular measure requires a new department: The Ministry of Love, whose purpose will be to gather information on any widows breaking the new law. With nothing to lose, Kreso agrees to be put forward by his pushy father in law. The only problem is, together with his eccentric partner, Sikic, he's completely the wrong man for the job. Twelve-year-old Mia and her classmate Benny take a class trip to the Gruber Family's mountain ranch, where they begin to suspect something's fishy: Mysterious witching symbols appear, the Gruber's cattle falls sick, the well water turns black and the barn burns down. What the heck is going on here? Are they being haunted by an evil mountain spirit? Or is someone trying to put the Grubers out of business? Mia and Benny get unexpected support from their new classmate Johannes. Together they follow their handful of clues and leads: How did the poison the kids found wind up in the stable? What is the new cook hiding, and why? And what about the Mayor, who wants to get at the Gruber's property? Young Luca Gruber blames himself for trying to find the fabled Hoard of the Black King up on the mountain. Did he bring the curse of the Black King on his family? But Mia is too sensible to believe in fairy tales... Gina, an American flight attendant, falls in with a Parisian bartender on a layover only to find herself tangled in a web of deception, delusion and unrequited amour fou. Dora, raises her two children with the help of her eccentric family, free-spirited best friend, and a charming poet-turned- nanny. A Horror comedy with unexpected twists in an equally strange cable ... and an outright lie only be returned by the end neck. Actress Myrtle Gordon is a functioning alcoholic actress who is a few days from the opening night of her latest play, concerning a woman distraught about aging. One night a car kills one of Myrtle's fans who is chasing her limousine in an attempt to get the star's attention. Myrtle internalizes the accident and goes on a spiritual quest, but fails to finds the answers she is after. As opening night inches closer and closer, fragile Myrtle must find a way to make the show go on.  A teenager living with her sister and parents in Manhattan during the 1990s discovers that her father is having an affair. In a circus troupe in Rio, a seducer falls deeply in love with a crippled woman. Cured and restored, she refuses to return with him to France, unleashing emotional turmoil. Movie version of the Shinsengumi Crisis arc (episodes 101-105) and the Kabukicho Four Devas arc (episodes 210-214) which were screened in selected theaters in Japan. Outrageous and out of control! The fearless star of MTV's "Jackass," Steve-O, unleashes his craziest footage in this collection of the stunts that gave network attorneys ulcers. Rat kebobs! Windshield skateboarding! Pit licks! Living firecrackers! Featuring all-new insanity, these outrageous exploits by Steve-O and his band of lunatic helpers have never seen the light of day until now! Brigsby Bear Adventures is a children's TV show produced for an audience of one: James. When the show abruptly ends, James's life changes forever, and he sets out to finish the story himself. Tom Berenger leads an outstanding cast in this bone-crunching dramatization of legendary college football coach Paul "Bear" Bryant's debut at Texas A&M in the summer of 1954. The often unnerving story finds Bryant ducking the school's good ol' boy network of rich, influential alumni by spiriting his new team away to a makeshift training base in a tiny town called Junction. There, Bryant runs the equivalent of a POW camp, brutalizing an oversized, underdeveloped bunch of rowdy young men and tormenting those who seek medical attention for cracked spines and deadly heat exhaustion. Berenger delivers a warts-and-all performance as the vulgar, monstrous, yet much-respected Bryant, and the direction by seasoned television vet Mike Robe is brisk and almost explosively charged. Whatever one thinks of Bryant's punishing methods, the film does not flinch from telling its powerful tale. --Tom Keogh The 2007 Allstate 400 at the Brickyard commemorative DVD An isolated and friendless female security guard finds a glimmer of hope when a charming bartender shows her kindness. Busty blonde Southern belle Marsha was a queen of adult cinema from the early '60s all the way through the mid '70s, appearing in legendary tit loops like Breast Orgy and nasty sexploitation flicks such as Prison Girls. She matured nicely in front of the camera over the years, becoming quite the MILF while maintaining an astonishing, voluptuous figure. This 3-film collection includes the XXX version of the softcore western Dr. Carstairs 1869 Love Root-Elixir titled Sticky Fingers (1972, 77 min, Marsha Jordan, Kathy Hilton, Susan Gaines), Everybody Goes Ape (1970, 56 min), the bizarre sexual sci-fi of 2069 A Sensation Odyssey. (1969, 54 min), plus bonus scenes of Marsha's brutal in the never-released-on-video The House Near The Prado! The story of the Commodore PET, VIC-20, C64 and Amiga from engineers, games developers and how Commodore influenced the first 8-bit generation users. A naive New Yorker retreats to his dead Grandfather's summer cottage, a datsche in Germany, but instead of peace he finds Adam, a refugee in hiding. LA homicide detective Gene Handsome's knack for solving mysteries is matched only by his inability to make sense of his own problems. This film, based on the web series, features nine vignettes in the lives of LGBT people as they date and hook up in Los Angeles. Five archetypal teens serving detention find themselves in a life or death situation. Two sleepwalkers, Martha and Quentin, check into a hotel as returning guests and live parallel lives during their waking hours. Little do they know that in their sleep, they fall for each other time and time again. The film poses the question: When it comes to human connection, are we actually sleepwalking through our waking lives? Hans and Anna - together they make the Hannas: A hefty couple who love to cook. They meet sisters Kim and Nicola, both anorexic and excitingly different. Opposites attract, however, and anything goes, so the Hannas each wind up having an affair without the other's knowledge. But Kim and Nicola have a secret of their own in store. When a spaceship crashes to Earth and reveals a group of quirky little space aliens on the run for their lives, the "GadgetGang" kids-Gus, Phoebe, Francesco, Mitsue, Mary Ann, Banana and Tank-soon discover this won't be the boring weekend they had expected. They soon learn that in a point far from the galaxy, an evil warlord named Gana Golber has seized control of the Confederation of Planets and now all of the planets are in danger-including Earth! Marcus is divorced. He's 25 and living in his sisters basement. There has to be something, someone to make his life worthwhile. He'll try anything. A struggling laborer is diagnosed with a terminal illness and finds himself being pulled in different directions by his family, unknown assailants, and an inept police officer who believes he was a witness to a violent crime. Surreal lapses of time increase for him as he struggles to keep it all together. Jane and her brother Elton find themselves under the control of a well known hit-man (Bo) who has been ordered by their father (an established crime lord) to make them cool. But the road to becoming cool is full of obstacles. 20 years after running away together, Julio and Noeli have raised a family and run a successful business together. However, their marriage seems to be failing, so Noeli files for divorce. Both will do whatever it takes to win their legal battle. Adam (Martin Wallstrom) and his old school friends Per(Anders Lindahl) & Sara (Lisa Linnertorp) pass the time in Pers bar, in Stockholm, dissecting the painful memories of their high school years. Various individuals think they're coming together for a party in a private home, but a series of revelations results in a huge crisis that throws their belief systems - and their values - into total disarray. The film is an action entertainer where G V Prakash will be seen in the role of an auto rickshaw driver named Johnny. Jack Shepard is an out-of-shape auto shop owner, far removed from the man who once protected the world's freedom. Reluctantly called back into action by the government, Jack is tasked with turning a ragtag group of kids with special powers into a new generation of superheroes to save the world from certain destruction. A family comedy about what happens when dads want to water without their precious halves. Light years from Earth, 26 years after being abducted, Peter Quill finds himself the prime target of a manhunt after discovering an orb wanted by Ronan the Accuser. Eliska's husband has left her for a younger woman. She is childless, in her early forties, yet still attractive. Till then she had taken care of her successful husband, but now she has to start anew without his financial support. Eliska starts teaching at a local village school. Since she can't find a lodging, she moves to a former morgue. The small house is already occupied by a quirky and grumpy graveyard keeper named Bozicek. Their house sharing leads to a series of comical conflicts, but they eventually fall in love and Eliska proves to her ex-husband that she is able to stand on her own. A couple who can't stop fighting embark on a last-ditch effort to save their marriage: turning their fights into songs and starting a band. Fiery and flamboyant entertainer, Shawn Hitchins verges on Spalding Gray in this intimate concert filming of his internationally acclaimed and award-winning comedy, Ginger Nation. A young dragon looking for his own fire must fight against an evil wizard with help of the beautiful ice princess, Lilli. Nora is a young housewife and mother, living in a quaint little village with her husband and their two sons. The Swiss countryside is untouched by the major social upheavals the movement of 1968 has brought about. Nora's life is not affected either; she is a quiet person who is liked by everybody - until she starts to publicly fight for women's suffrage, which the men are due to vote on in a ballot on February 7, 1971. Anarchic activism meets self-irony: Folkbildningsterror harks back to the first John Waters films in which he gathered together his friends from the subculture scene. A seasoned couples therapist comes to realize she might need help with her own marriage after meeting a new pair of young clients. Summer in Athens. Nikos is a musician with no future who takes care of a villa while the wealthy owner is out. With nothing to do, Nikos decides to invite his ex-girlfriend Sofia over and force her to tell him why they broke up a year earlier. Adaptation of Honore de Balzac's "The Skin of Sorrow" or "The Wild Ass's Skin" (1831), said to be the last novel read by Sigmund Freud before his death. While reading it, he would have said: "This is the only book I needed". Jorge Alis, an Argentine artist, counts as your quest for success in life leads him to be hung over the edge. His family and ongoing crisis in Argentina do make the decision to emigrate to Chile. Despite the hostility that is, thanks to its brazenness, manages to establish, conquer the love of his life and start a family. But everything is complicated. Debts, bureaucracy and the same nerve that had previously helped make what built go under. Now all that remains is his artistic talent, which will try to take off the neck rope and save his family When an accident strands pregnant Chloe and her geriatric dog, Thrasher, on the highway home from broken dreams in L.A., unwelcome rescue comes from her estranged dad, Mac, who takes them on a disastrous detour toward a second chance. A fly-on-the-wall documentary film crew follow Alex, a hopelessly romantic, rom-com obsessed virgin on a quest to find love. Alex quickly finds himself out of his depth when Lana, a Moldovan mail-order bride he met online makes the bold decision of moving to London to marry him. A misanthropist ex-hacker is suspected of sabotaging a famous happiness-research facility. He is forced to prove his innocence and stumbles into a wild adventure, during which he involuntarily becomes an idealistic activist, has to deal with strange, possibly supernatural rabbits and his crazy family - and regains a little belief in happiness. Nasi spends months after release from prison, watching the films and memorizes all the lines. He then travels around to perform the films as a one man show on a bench. Gradually he forms a theatre group called Cinema Bench... Joppan's failed romance excuses him to be an alcoholic. Hoping to start a new life, he seeks out for some love but would fate favor him this time? When Clara Brand discovers that her husband is cheating on her with her friend and colleague, she plots her revenge, all the while juggling new friendships, new romances and the rediscovery of her passion for food. Antti Pasanen is working as a journalist. His life is on the right tracks; his wife Pia is just about to give birth. Until - in  the front of the Maternity Hospital everything changes. Antti, with the sniffling baby in his arms, sees the taxi's taillights fading out. Pia is sitting on the backseat; their future as a nuclear family is disappearing. The new life with the baby's terms begins and Antti has no idea what that's all about. Bilbo Baggins, a hobbit enjoying his quiet life, is swept into an epic quest by Gandalf the Grey and thirteen dwarves who seek to reclaim their mountain home from Smaug, the dragon. A small group of eccentric pioneers join forces, in order to do the impossible and create world history in the early 1980s of Denmark A day in the life of two film-school students trying to find love and another house-mate. On the night of 16 July 1942, ten year old Sarah and her parents are being arrested and transported to the Velodrome d'Hiver in Paris where thousands of other jews are being sent to get deported. Sarah however managed to lock her little brother in a closet just before the police entered their apartment. Sixty years later, Julia Jarmond, an American journalist in Paris, gets the assignment to write an article about this raid, a black page in the history of France. She starts digging archives and through Sarah's file discovers a well kept secret about her own in-laws. Raj Kandukuri and BiG Ben Films in association with Vinoothna Geetha presents #Pellichoopulu, a Telugu romantic comedy about two individuals Prashanth and Chitra who meet at a 'Pellichoopulu'.  The story is about a modern day couple anchored down by their traditional roots. When fate plays havoc in their lives, they set off on a journey to find their dreams, face their fears and ultimately find true love.  Directed by Tharun Bhascker of Anukokunda and Sainma fame, the film stars Vijay Deverakonda and Ritu Varma. A bachelor afraid of marriage angers his long-time girlfriend by buying a splendid townhouse just for himself, only to find it haunted by the ghosts of a famous theatrical couple, who teach him about love and commitment.  The film was later re-released under the title "It All Came True". It was to be Peter Yates' last film made for cinema, although in most markets it went directly to TV or home entertainment. Meg has the life she thinks she wants. Then she turns 39 and realises there's something she's been missing...a baby. Before being judges, attorneys, or jury members, they are first of all men and women at a crossroads in their lives, with their dreams and their secrets, their hopes and their limitations, all beneath the same sun, each with their own dark side. In a lovely provincial town, during a jazz festival, life will juggle with their destinies. Two souls search for one another from opposite ends of history, with music by the Catalan artist Eli Ningu. Set in a chic and middle class Johannesburg, a jaded academic and his journalist wife have their lives turned upside down when a celebrated and hedonistic older writer unexpectedly moves into their home. After her car breaks down on a rainy night, Miss Liang enters a nearby coffee shop called Cafe 6. The owner of the shop finds out that Miss Liang has just gotten into a fight with her boyfriend who is currently overseas, so to kill time, he shares a story of his time back in 1996. During that year, Guan Min-lu and his good friend Xiao Bo-zhi always hang out together. Min-lu is secretly in love with Li Xin-rui while Bo-zhi is attracted to Xin-rui's best friend, Cai Xin-yi. The four young teenagers share a good relationship with each other and spend their days happily every day. But as their graduation day draws near, they wonder if they can still stay committed with each other after going their separate ways. Mr. Lin and Ms. Lin are the number one and number two in the field. They are neither friends nor enemies, but they ultimately join hands along with trusty assistant Le Qi as they track down an infamous thief who has stolen the 'Heavenly Emperor's Hand'. Unbeknownst to them, they become the common target in a manhunt by the European triads, the CIA and many other agencies. The fourth movie about the popular teacher Mees Kees. Four women, whose kids attend the same preschool class, get together for a "fun mom dinner". When the night takes an unexpected turn, these unlikely new friends realize they have more in common than just marriage and motherhood. Hilarity ensues when a handsome businessman goes undercover in New York City as a "Homeless Billionaire."  During her wedding ceremony, Rachel notices Luce in the audience and feels instantly drawn to her. The two women become close friends, and when Rachel learns that Luce is a lesbian, she realizes that despite her happy marriage to Heck, she is falling for Luce. As she questions her sexual orientation, Rachel must decide between her stable relationship with Heck and her exhilarating new romance with Luce.  A lesbian bachelorette weekend goes awry when one of the brides admits she's never had an orgasm. In a world where the zombie apocolypse is an unquestioned reality, truly righteous brothers tackle love, loss, and life lessons amid the backdrop of an epic spring break. A 40-year-old, small-time politician, who badly wants to shrug off his bachelorhood, falls in love with a 20-something girl. Ariane, a young French violinist, accepts the marriage proposal of Christen, an irresistible conductor. Only problem: she's a little bit ... married! Separated for two years with Nino, an Italian teacher with a strong character, she manages to convince him to follow her to Paris to divorce in 8 days flat. But their trip in the city of love looks much more eventful than expected... A mad doctor (Bela Lugosi) and his helpers (John Carradine, George Zucco) lure girls to his lab for brain work, to help his wife. The documentary - featuring a combination of rarely seen archival footage, new segments filmed on location worldwide, and interviews with leading international experts - also uncovers the untold story of the central role Irish-Americans played in the lead-up to the rebellion. Although defeated militarily, the men and women of the Easter Rising would wring a moral victory from the jaws of defeat and inspire countless freedom struggles throughout the world - from Ireland to India.  New Russian experimental film, which combines fiction and documentary scenes in one continuous narration. The shooting of the film took place in Buryatia - a South-Eastern part of Russia that is considered the center of Buddhism in Russia. In the fictional story a Moscow actress comes to faraway Buryatia to find the man she once loved. She is terminally ill and Buryatia gives her a second chance, she does not believe in miracles, but miracle happens. The real actress Julia Aug, like her character, is also in Buryatia for the first time. The documentary, filmed during the shooting of the film, shows the real Julia's feelings and experiences while she discovers the unique atmosphere, nature and culture of Buryatia. A young girl tries to help her grandfather, who is suffering from Alzheimer's, navigate his increasing forgetfulness, and ends up going on a remarkable adventure with him.  Khalaf Al-Dahshouri (Mohammad Huneidi) is a Saidi student who holds a first rank in the high school. He won the American University in Cairo Award. He travels and lives there with two of his classmates. Her professor at the university, at the same time attracted towards him (sovereignty), but does not share the same feeling. 2016 Indian Malayalam childrens film directed by Midhun Manuel Thomas and written by Thomas and John Manthrichal. Produced by Alice George under the banner of Goodwill Entertainments, the film stars Baby Sara, Sunny Wayne, and Aju Varghese.  Peter "The Doll Maker" Harris returns to his ancestral family home after being released from the state's hospital for the criminally insane - a "cured" man. Once inside the old house, anguished memories from a tortured childhood and ghostly visitations from his past victims shake Peter's resolve. It isn't until lovely young Ashley enters his life that Peter makes a fateful decision, a decision that will rekindle old desires that always ended in murder. When a 747 crashes shortly after take-off, the sole survivor is the pilot. Virtually unhurt, he and the investigators look for the answers to the disaster. Meanwhile mysterious deaths occur in the community and only a psychic, in touch with the supernatural, can help the pilot unravel the mystery surrounding the doomed plane. In Kyoto, Mayuko (Haruka Ayase) stands at a crossroad in her life. She's thinking about marriage with her boyfriend Kyoichi (Hiroyuki Hirayama). By an accidental opportunity, Mayuko stays at Honnouji Hotel. There, she meets historical figure Nobunaga Oda (Shinichi Tsutsumi) who is attempting to unify Japan. Da-Nian is a young man from Taipei. He goes to a remote village and works as a substitute teacher. He and Su-Yun, another teacher at the school, fall in love. There are several students in his class who are like the naughty "three musketeers", and a sad, silent boy Xiang-Wang, who's parents are divorced. Besides, in order to support the family, Xian-Wang's father kills the fish in the river with electricity, which is against the law and causes a lot of damage to the natural resources. Because of this, Xian-Wang has been teased by other school children. At last, he becomes so upset and runs away from home... This time on New Year, the favourite heroes of "Yolki" perform the usual nonsense and hope for a miracle. Borya needs to somehow restore family happiness, and for its sake is ready to steal a penguin from his best friend Zhenya. The Skier and Snowboarder have not matured and stage a mad chase for a Christmas tree. Manya learns how to use the Internet in the hope of finding her old love. The professor from Yekaterinburg has settled down, but now he goes mad from jealousy. In the far North a safety engineer must take a risk and, at last, confess his love. The bloggers who remained with- out Internet have to get out of a lift. Well, and the penguin simply needs to sit down urgently on an egg... Three couples meet in the middle of Carnival, trying to get together in the midst of various conflicts that have the biggest party in Brazil as a scenario - and often as a cause. The movie centers on a piano competition whose winner is assured of success. It is Paul's last chance to compete, but newcomer Heidi may be a better pianist. Can romance be far away? Will she take a dive despite the pressure to win from her teacher, Greta, or will she condemn Paul to obscurity? Cut through the flashy swastikas, and you can see the German Nazis were Christians fulfilling a historic obligation (the Final Solution). Relatively few were so well-read as to imagine themselves Nietzscheans. Kalindi, Avni, Sakshi and Meera are childhood friends. Kalindi and Rishabh are getting married, and the four gal pals come together for their veere's wedding. But of course, there can be no shaadi without showsha and a lot of drama. This wedding celebration brings out skeletons from the closet, unspoken truths and some harsh realities as well. When Dracula leaves the captive Jonathan Harker and Transylvania for London in search of Mina Harker--the reincarnation of Dracula's long-dead wife, Elisabeta--obsessed vampire hunter Dr. Van Helsing sets out to end the madness. The story of two outcast sisters, Ginger (Katharine Isabelle) and Brigitte (Emily Perkins), in the mindless suburban town of Bailey Downs. On the night of Ginger's first period, she is savagely attacked by a wild creature. Ginger's wounds miraculously heal but something is not quite right. Now Brigitte must save her sister and save herself.  Meet Neslihan. A perfect cook, an expert on Turkish cuisine, strictly loyal to her husband, an impeccable house wife ...and a serial killer. Video game bad guy Ralph and fellow misfit Vanellope von Schweetz must risk it all by traveling to the World Wide Web in search of a replacement part to save Vanellope's video game, "Sugar Rush." In way over their heads, Ralph and Vanellope rely on the citizens of the internet -- the netizens -- to help navigate their way, including an entrepreneur named Yesss, who is the head algorithm and the heart and soul of trend-making site BuzzzTube. Stomping Grounds was a professional wrestling pay-per-view and WWE Network event produced by WWE for their Raw, SmackDown, and 205 Live brands. It took place on June 23, 2019, at the Tacoma Dome in Tacoma, Washington. Just days from signing divorce papers, Hank and Alexandra give their relationship one final shot by playing a game with only one rule: no matter what they ask each other to do, they can't say no. Genaro, Chelo and Carlitos finally reach their goal of leaving the Dominican Republic in search of a visa, but in Puerto Rico they still can't stop getting in trouble. Based on the black market organ trade in America, a young homeless woman, Lisa, and a group of friends must survive the night in a real life house of horrors. A self centred egoistic village zamindar who makes fun of people, is rude by nature and brash tries to accommodate a teacher who comes to his village in search of work. How she gets to understand him, how he reacts and how his uncle's daughter who initially adversely reacts to his tantrums reacts towards the end is the story. In short it is a triple edged love story with truth, passion and emotions galore. Recorded during her Speak Now World Tour in 2011, this live recording collects 18 performances from the country-pop starlet, including all songs from her 2010 studio outing Speak Now. It also features home movies and rehearsal footage for the show, which was an elaborate affair that utilized dancers, aerialists, numerous costume changes, and a mammoth, multi-stage setup that more closely resembled a high-profile Broadway musical than it did a country music concert.  Is the new film by Yuthlert Sippapak after a couple of years in hiatus. This is the latest in the Buppa series, a well-known horror film that began with Buppa Ratree in 2003. Mixing ghost stories with comedy and even feminism, the film focuses on the story of Buppa, a woman who commits suicide in her apartment after she's betrayed by her lover. She then becomes a vengeful spirit that haunts people in the apartment. Four crooks rob a jewelery shop, then head for an abandoned factory where they plan to fence the goods to the Yakuza. Unfortunately, their chosen location happens to be the same place where American scientists had previously experimented on resurrecting the dead. The story revolves around a rural boy called Amru who is a day dreamer. He starts dreaming of a girl (Jazz Sodhi) who suddenly appears in real and tells him that they both are already married When rapper Mike Massacre is fired, his baby mama gives him an ultimatum: get signed by his 30th birthday or give up rap forever. A number of kidnapped and trafficked women find themselves imprisoned in a squalid medical facility. For Paula her continued survival relies on her basic human function. Escape, on any level, is seemingly impossible as the women are condemned to a life of enforced servitude at the whims of their captors; for one reason only - their milk. When Chloe discovers that her new home's garden gnomes are not what they seem, she must decide between the pursuit of a desired high school life and taking up the fight against the Troggs. The Big Bad Fox recounts the misadventures of a young clumsy Fox and a feisty little red Hen.  The Fox, both a little stupid and naive, tries daily to devour the little Hen, without success. Tired of the repeated humiliation, the Fox is persuaded to steal the Hen's eggs to raise and then eat. This plan seems perfect, until the moment the chicks hatch... Behind the facade of a beautiful urban home, a combination of complacency and bad investments has left power couple Ben and Gail disconnected, resentful and just about broke. When the cash-strapped yuppies fire their teen-aged daughter's lesbian Mexican nanny, Margarita, they set off a chain of events that lead to her deportation.  When desecrated corpses and ritualistic symbols start appearing, the residents of Morningside, New Jeresey, are thrust into an unreal world of darkness. When Jessica Parker's former high school boyfriend, superstar baseball player Chase Taynor, returns to town, she finds the inspiration to reinvent her struggling diner... and revisits the past to find something even better for the future. Joey Boca is the owner of a pizza parlor located in Tacoma, Washington, and has been married to Rosalie for years. Rosalie is horrified to discover that Joey is a womanizer and has been cheating on her for a long time. Based on the true story of Frances and Anthony Toto. Happy speaks with someone in the park and takes a trip to the moon on a rocket that looks like the front half of a current racing car, where he is made king of the moon. A ballerina does a shimmy and Our Hero winds up back in the park being accosted by a cop. The inference is that he has fallen asleep and dreamed the entire trip. Carlos is an ex-con looking for a job where he earns a lot of money without having to work hard. After discussing it with his cellmate, they conclude that the only work to fit the description is to be politician in Puerto Rico. Carlos decides to run for Governor, like every politician always seeking for the best for his country, and of course, looking for what's best for him. Follows the journey of a 90-year-old atheist and the quirky characters that inhabit his off-the-map desert town. He finds himself at the precipice of life, thrust into a journey of self-exploration. One needn't be a cynic to recognize that a politician's persona is very much a designed thing, the product of various minds--and various agendas. Martin Marchand, the titular character, radiates charisma, intelligence and commitment--attributes that seem set to win Marchand his country's highest office. But as his team of advisers and creatives assemble at his country home to devise campaign strategies, it appears that not everyone present agrees that a Marchand presidency is a foregone conclusion. When their plane is rerouted due to a hurricane warning, two single female best friends find themselves competing for the same guy during an extended layover in St. Louis.  A happy-go-lucky guy has to recover his lady love from the ghostly spirit who accompanies her always. A trigger-happy Nationalist fears retribution from the son of a man he executed. To mollify the boy's anger, he takes a drastic step: he keeps constant watch over the fig tree the boy has planted at his father's gravesite. As the years pass, the man's lonely vigil makes him a tourist attraction, much to the chagrin of his former colleagues. When washed-out, has-been actor Francisco, finds out that his ex-wife is about to remarry and take their daughter to live abroad, he'll manipulate everyone around him to stop the wedding and get his family back. Anca (Ikram Noer), a Bugis-Makassar guy, just back from overseas. Accidentally he is reunited with her former lover Risna (Nur Fadillah). The seeds of love resurfaced. Hoping not to lose Risna for the second time, Anca intends to marry Risna.  But his intention is blocked by the marriage customary terms: Uang Panai or dowry in fantastic quantities. Anca's struggle begins. He is assisted by his friends Tumming and Abu, who often gave hilarious and absurd ideas.  In the midst of Anca's struggle to collect the dowry, comes Farhan (Cahya Ary Nagara), Risna's old friend who has just returned from abroad. Farhan's father who is also Risna's father best friend, is intending to match Farhan and Risna. Anca depressed. He takes more longer time to gather the dowry. Risna worries whether Anca will leave her as before. Risna's family does not want to stall off any longer.  While looking for new tenants for his seaside villa, surrounded by a big garden, Andrea Ricoli, a 50-years old architect, meets Rossana, a newly 40-years old, anaesthesiologist at the local hospital, and married to Riccardo, ten years younger than her: he's an aspiring writer, temporarily employed as a salesman at a local shoe store. During an eventful New Year's Eve, Andrea introduces Riccardo to a Maghreb restaurant owner - who is interested in restoring an attic apartment - and his lovely sister Hikma. Months go by. Andrea discovers that Hikma is pregnant with Riccardo's child, while she's struggling with her old-fashioned, fundamentalist brother's mentality. He offers to help the couple and let them stay with him in his villa. Teaching him how to care for his garden, the young Hikma reminds Andrea of his wife Sofia, who passed away right there four years earlier, in unclear circumstances... Three good-for-nothing young men whose lives revolve around their favourite movie star decide to teach their idol a lesson when they realise that he doesn't care a damn about his fans. Diane doesn't hesitate for a moment when her best friends, Thomas and Jacques, ask her to be their surrogate mother. It is in these hardly ideal circumstances that she becomes infatuated with Fabrizio.  Through a very surreal chase of spying and surveillance, Catafuse, a dubiously dressed "creature", hunts down specific human targets with the help of Molosstrap. But in a world completely run by the shadowy hands of the pharmaceutical industry, the lines of reality become so blurry and complex, that the mastering of insanity might just be the only way out... Back in the 1960's a former Harvard professor stopped giving A's, B's and C's  and started handing out LSD.  his name was tomothy Leary and he was at the  center of a controversy in North America over the growing use of psychedelic  drugs.  Leary ran a research center in New York state where young people took  'acid' while he took notes.  The media took notice. Action - The whore, the dreamer, the killer, the loser, the heartbreaker, the clown, the liar, the girl with no name... they all own a piece of Johnny Morran. Someone said he was a private eye...but he also had connections to the mob. Or maybe he was following a woman who was about to murder her husband. -  John Cragen, Rachael Drummond, David Farkas Three couples from Chicago vacation for a weekend at a lakeside cabin in Michigan. Over the course of three days in this comedy/drama, hidden tensions and secrets slowly come to the surface. The movie 'John Honai' derives its title from the character John Honai played by Rizabava in the super hit movie 'In Harihar Nagar'. In 'John Honai', John and Honai are two different characters. The movie revolves around the life of John ('Karmayodha' fame Arjun). John tries hard to free himself from the heavy debts left behind by his father. John is helped by his friends Jaffer and Janardhanan through thick and thin. At this juncture when they are in desperate need for money, unexpectedly they get a huge amount of money. The resulting issues in their life form the plot of 'John Honai'. 'John Honai' is the debut directorial venture of Thoufeeq. The movie is produced by Madhu Thillankary. The movie is scripted by Fazal. The lines of Santhosh Varma are tuned by Alex Paul. Rizabava does the role of Honai. Mukesh, Jagadish, Siddique, Asokan, Sreeram, Kalabhavan Navas, Jaffer, Malavika Menon, Kottayam Nazeer, Saju, and Sinoj include the cast. A sexually repressed woman's husband is having an affair with her sister. The arrival of a visitor with a rather unusual fetish changes everything. Two slackers work at a midnight bar while also selling marijuana; when they get dangerously close to some unhinged yakuza, they follow wildly divergent fates.  Nino is a quiet outcast with only a bird for a friend. Kira is a popular boy with a big secret. Even though they live next to each other, they have never spoken. But when Nino learns Kira's secret, everything begins to change, and what starts as a hesitant friendship grows into something more... but how long can it last? Some of the boys in South Park elementary find themselves on a balloon ride to an imaginary land. At arrival they're faced with an unimaginably threat. I Love That Crazy Little Thing is a 2016 Chinese romantic comedy film directed by Snow Zou and starring William Chan, Tang Yixin and Jessica Jung.[2] It was released in China by EMP Distribution (Beijing) and Wanda Shengshi Film Distribution on August 12, 2016 Horseshoe Finale is a feature length film that was released on YouTube on the 6th of June 2015. It concludes Endless Jess' Drowning In Horseshoes Saga, and was written, directed, edited and made almost entirely by Jesse Wood. In this revealing look behind the closed doors of the fraternity world, Alpha Class tells the true story of a small group of college kids at the biggest party school in the nation. After pledging and enduring the rough, onerous, and vile "Hell Week", the group of young men are inducted into the brotherhood, but their celebration would not last for long. After their Fraternity is banned from campus, they set out to build a new, ideal brotherhood. But tensions arise causing a divide between those who desire the pleasures of now and those who want the fruits of the future. Danny McManus narrates the rise and fall of this torn fraternity and it's controversial story of parties, politics, and betrayal. A clueless tapped out parody band struggles through outlandish schemes to raise money to get to the South By Southwest Music Festival. After being disappointed in love for the umpteenth time, motorcycle rider Tina is full. From now on she will no longer commit to a man and only date sex. For the emotional part she has her best friend Fleurtje, the most intimidating kindergarten teacher in the Netherlands. Malo and Stephane are two students who are kind of losers and have just started high school. Their plan to become popular: to host a German exchange student with a lot of style. Too bad for Malo, who gets stuck with a Goth who will make his life hell. Kate is a young woman subscribed to bad decisions. Her last date with disaster? That of having accepted to work as Santa's elf for a department store. However, she meets Tom there. Her life takes a new turn. For Kate, it seems too good to be true. Young-Ung was dumped by his girlfriend. While he is in Okinawa, Japan on a business trip, the company he works for goes bankrupt.  Sakura is a single mother and works for a travel agency. She needs to learn Korean for her job. At a Korean language institute, Sakura meets Young-Ung and their romance begins. Stuck repeating the same pattern of mistakes again and again, Andrew Egan reluctantly accepts a teaching job to support his floundering, stand-up comedy career. As an increasingly anxious Andrew grows accustomed to the droll institution and its occupants he suspects that one of the students may be his downfall and that the previous teacher may not have left of his own accord. His life slowly unraveling, Andrew's lessons fall on deaf ears and he soon becomes part of a larger cosmic joke. An angry internet atheist has a near death experience and must deliver the news of Jesus to his devout internet followers. Bob Tearman (Bob Mann) is 42 with a bullet. No wife, no kids. Zero accomplishments. His life has not turned out the way he thought it would. So much so, that's he's seriously wondering if he should even carry on living. And then one morning, through some kind of magic he doesn't understand, he finds the 12 year-old version of himself, Bobby (Jordan Poole) asleep in his apartment. When Bobby sees how badly their life has turned out he is determined to put things right. His plan to do this involves going after the bullies from junior high, now adults like Bob, and...wait for it...killing them. As things spiral out of control, Bob has his hands full, first with Bobby's crazy dreams of revenge and later the bullies themselves when the dreams become reality. At that point, to quote Bad Boys 2, the **** gets real. The Black Falcon is no longer in his glory years a wrestler since his brother left him. When his brother returns, this may be his last chance to fix both his professional and personal live.  Alex and Matt are best friends who are complete opposites. Alex is responsible, in-shape and lonely. Matt is immature, overweight and smothered. Secretly, they envy each other's lives and after a strange encounter with a magical bum, swap bodies. Realizing neither had it as easy as they thought, they embark on a crazy journey to get their lives back. Mony is a loser who hangs out on the streets of Phnom Penh, until the day he witnesses a murder, forcing him to seek refuge with his older brother, a transgender performer in a drag queen club. Now on the run with his brother's friends and performers, dressed as a dancer and calling himself Poppy, Mony must hide at Hollywood, a night club in the Cambodian countryside. With the mob and the police after him, Mony has to adapt to his new identity... Becker runs a business in Tingsryd, Sweden, specialized in garden furniture. In fact he sells everything you can make a profit from, including black labour from the Baltic countries. Becker, who is driven by his obsession with money and consumption, has built a local empire with his lucrative business. Now his business is being threatened, both from the in- and the outside. Policewoman Maria Moosandl and her lover Rocco Pacelli are expecting offspring. Unfortunately, the family conditions are anything but optimal: Maria's father is the police chief in the tranquil Landsberg and her future father-in-law Silvio the best connected owner of the pizzeria "Il Paradiso" and governor of a Sicilian Mafiaclans. In order to advance their own family business, the patron has already arranged a wedding for his only son - naturally with the daughter of the powerful clan chief from Naple Camila, a young Argentine theater director, travels from Buenos Aires to New York to attend an artistic residency to develop a Spanish translation of Shakespeare's "A Midsummer Night's Dream." Upon her arrival, she begins to receive a series of mysterious postcards which set her down a winding path through her past and towards her future. Oregon, a small town near the sea, around 1870. Henry, a grieving man who aspires to preach as a way to overcome his unfortunate past, reunites with eccentric pioneer Samuel Alabaster, who has hired him to officiate at his marriage to the precious Penelope. What Henry ignores is that both must embark on a dangerous journey through the inhospitable wilderness to meet her. Incredibly enough, one day before the start of his pension and just hours before his 65th birthday, window cleaner Alfred suddenly finds himself stricken by vertigo. A 64-year and 364-day journey through glass and lather reveals why he is afraid to either go up or go down the ladder. And whilst he finds himself to be an accidental Cupid by hitting anyone but himself with his arrows, it's not until that particular day, 44 years after meeting Dirkje for the first time, that he realizes he has to point the arrow at himself. Dono, Kasino and Indro return to action in the middle of the hustle and bustle of Jakarta. They once again serve as a private organization personnel named CHIIPS (Great Ways of Me-too Social Mitigation). Although they eagerly carry out their duties to serve the community, the chaos always arise as a result of their ridiculous action. These of course make them the butt of many sides, including their Boss. Finally, the Boss brings Sophie, professional beautiful CHIIPS personnel from France to help new task of arresting the robbers.  When a professional thief sees his lifetime goal of being the best potentially realized in stealing a rare artifact, he finds himself entangled in a worldwide plot involving the Soviets, the Japanese and a band of outsiders.  It's up to him and a special agent to save the world! The classic role-playing game comes to life in this magical adventure. The empire of Izmer is a divided land: Elite magicians called Mages rule while lowly commoners are powerless. When Empress Savina (Thora Birch) vows to bring equality and prosperity to her land, the evil Mage Profion (Jeremy Irons) plots to depose her. But this good-vs.-evil battle is no game! A progressive graduate student finds success and sparks outrage when his interest in battle rap as a thesis subject becomes a competitive obsession. Although Brad has a satisfying career, a sweet wife and a comfortable life in suburban Sacramento, things aren't quite what he imagined during his college glory days. When he accompanies his musical prodigy son on a university tour, he can't help comparing his life with those of his four best college friends who seemingly have more wealthy and glamorous lives. But when circumstances force him to reconnect with his former friends, Brad begins to question whether he has really failed or if their lives are actually more flawed than they appear. 2016 Telugu Movie Movie of gdgd Fairies. To reward himself for his new teaching gig in Sapporo, 29-year-old Manabu decides to celebrate New Year's Eve with a little treat at a local sex club. On the verge of... climaxing, he's struck by a brain hemorrhage and ends up buck naked at the hospital surrounded by his worried family who want to know how this happened. Captain Samuel Allis must deal with the consequences of his decision to trade American military secrets with a Russian mobster. A young bass player and his driver cross Iceland to be auditioned by the singer Bjork. Three women, best friends since childhood, reunite for a weekend getaway. All hell breaks loose when they think they killed the pizza deliveryman. Emma is an unemployed housewife, whose children have grown up and moved out. When she finds out that her husband is looking for his sexual awaking, doing this by having an affair with another woman, Emma takes over a neon-lit sex-shop that she turns into an erotic boutique for women. This journey leads her into an adventure with a group of other women who are all looking for their own sexual awaking. Raghava has Nyctophobia. Raghava, who loves Nandhini, is a cinematographer for a TV channel and wants to shoot a fake haunted house, in order to increase TRP ratings. To their misfortune, they are haunted, not by one but by five ghosts. A couple finds their child missing and the woman who stole the baby goes into coma. Eight years later, four kids from an orphanage go to a summer camp. And one of them is the lost baby! When 17-year-old Lennon Lacy is found hanging from a swing set in rural North Carolina in 2014, his mother's search for justice and reconciliation begins while the trauma of more than a century of lynching African Americans bleeds into the present. Odd squad maybe shutting down due to a new team in town the Weird Team. All the previous agents come back and fight with all the new. The story revolves around a boy named Guppy(Master Chethan) who finds his living out of rearing and selling the small fish Guppy. Guppy has this dream of buying an automatic wheel chair for his ailing mother (Rohini). Things gets into turmoil when Engineer Thejus Varkey (Tovino Thomas) comes to the seaside village for the construction of a railway bridge. Many unexpected things occur when a small rivalry starts between Guppy and Engineer. A world wide electrical outage occurs. Everything that requires electricity comes to a stop. Tokyo is nearly ruined. Yoshiyuki Suzuki (Fumiyo Kohinata) decides to escape from Tokyo with his family. Four couples in a metropolitan city seek to find love amidst the hustle bustle. Will their love win over the challenges like infidelity, commitment issues and monotony? Five distinctive people, each with a flimsy coping strategy, find themselves stuck together after an accident. A religious man who does petty crimes, PONCHING, gets into a new venture, text scamming, thinking it will not really hurt anyone. One day, his seemingly "innocent" text scam accidentally cons a recipient into thinking he is the bastard child of their late relative. Two graffiti artists break into an abandoned, reportedly haunted research facility in hopes of creating an art installation, but stumble upon a secret team of demented researchers who are in the process of resurrecting an ancient sea creature - who they now must fight in order to escape alive. A man's life changes after he unknowingly gets super powers and then embarks on a journey that helps him discover the true meaning of love, life, courage, sacrifice, and his role in the world.  Balaji Motion Pictures presents a Brat Films production 'Super Singh'- "Ikk Te Assi Singh, Utton Super' punjabi cinema's 1st superhero film. Directed by national award winning and blockbuster punjabi film director Anurag Singh (Jatt and Juliet 1 & 2 and Punjab 1984). Carmen, a middle-aged cook, is about to close down her eatery at the foot of Mt. Arayat when a white American teenage boy named Mercury approaches her and begs for work in exchange of nothing but shelter. A director and his assistant are traveling around Europe to seek financing for a film with and about four international artists: Polish Krzysztof Bednarski, Danish Thorsten Kirchhoff, American Mark Kostabi and Malaysian H.H. Lim; all of them stars from the world of art and in love with Italy. Hilarious and quirky, we follow the carnival of madness around the Italian countryside. Another Period's Natasha Leggero hosts an all-star lineup of today's finest comedians in part one of this two-part showcase filmed live at the 2016 SXSW Comedy Festival. Along with some star-studded sneak peeks at the festival, catch hilarious sets from Baron Vaughn, Andrew Santino, Emily Heller, James Adomian, and Moshe Kasher. When a hapless but dedicated talent manager signs his first client who actually has talent, his career finally starts to take off.  Lulu The Movie is a comedy about a determined Chinese lady named Lulu who comes to Singapore to meet her online lover, but after being disappointed by what he turns out to be, she decides to make it on her own and succeeds in becoming an international fashion icon and mogul. In the remote Southern Cross island, a secret organization named The Glittering Crux plans to reactivate giant mobile suits that have been sealed for ages. Known as cybodies, they can only be controlled by pilots identified as star drivers. To unleash their full power, the mysterious group must break the seals of the four shrine maidens that reside in the isle. Recently arrived outsider Takuto Tsunashi vows to stop the Glittering Crux in order to protect Wako Agemaki, girl who saved his life and is one of the four maidens. Wako is a lively young lady who has already been betrothed to Sugata Shindou, a rich and talented childhood friend. Despite being very close to Agemaki, Sugata quietly disapproves this engagement since it was forced on to them due to a family tradition. The melancholic couple becomes a radiant trio as Takuto becomes not only their friend, but protector of the seals since he is none other than the Galactic Pretty Boy, gifted star driver of Tauburn, the 22nd cybody. Three friends who are masters at solving problems and are a helping hard to the society, get into a trap while solving a personal problem which gradually creates a mess for them. How they come out of it is what will make us laugh. The story of this film revolves around two politicians from the same village. One of them is an elected MLA from Village constituency Narayan Wagh (Makarand Anaspure) and the other being his opponent Vishwasrao Tope(Sayaji Shinde), who has lost the election to Mr. Wagh by a narrow margin. But, Vishwasrao manages to get this nomination as MLC. So, to prove their supremacy, they indulge themselves in dirty politics, so as to turn the tables on each other. And, this clearly goes on to show how murky the politics is at the village level. Three friends travel to Melbourne to record outlawed Indonesian folk songs. A determined teenage boy struggles to find acceptance within the Jr. Lifeguards of Hermosa Beach while juggling relationships and challenges in the summer of 1986. Pietro Zinni is asked by the police to revive the old gang to create a task force that will stop the spread of smart drugs. Has been an year since Pietro Zinni's gang got caught in the Sopox production laboratory and each of them locked up in different jails. From Regina Coeli jail, Pietro keep warning the authorities a fool syntetized nerve gas and he is ready to make a killing, but no one takes him seriously. In a small town in Massachusetts, four high school girls perform a ritual in an attempt to debunk the lore of Slender Man. When one of the girls goes mysteriously missing, they begin to suspect that she is, in fact, his latest victim.  In the wake of personal and professional failure, Anthony retreats to a vacation home where he encounters an estranged friend from his past. A small town in Australia, in the late 1950s: Brownie and Lola are deeply in love. But because they are under-age, their parents are against their relationship and try to separate them. A group of high school students are hunted by a madman in an Abraham Lincoln disguise. Ana, a young Spanish woman from a bourgeois family, is about to finish her studies and get married, but she is not happy. After a very unlikely event happens, her life turns around and everything changes. Yearning for an evening without their kids, some friends plan a night out. But to do this, their husbands need to watch the kids. What can go wrong? Painter Youngsoo (Kim Joo-hyuk) hears secondhand that his girlfriend, Minjung (Lee Yoo-young), has recently had (many) drinks with an unknown man. This leads to a quarrel that seems to end their relationship. The next day, Youngsoo sets out in search of her, at the same time that Minjung--or a woman who looks exactly like her and may or may not be her twin--has a series of encounters with strange men, some of whom claim to have met her before. This is the story of a strong man who was looking forward to earning a decent living in a crazy city. But unfortunately, some events force him to turn into a powerful don of the very city. What happens if you join a discouraged music lover with an exasperated romantic counselor and his hot friend recently arrived from Miami? Or a woman desperate to be a mom with a single father and a failed husband in the middle? Or a woman who just wants to have fun with a man who only thinks about her? The result is a very funny romantic comedy where the characters discover that it is never too late to become Lovers of Love. The story of Katherine Ann Watson, a feminist teacher who studied at UCLA graduate school and in 1953 left her boyfriend behind in Los Angeles, California to teach at Wellesley College, a conservative women's private liberal arts college in Massachusetts, United States. Riny (Biju Menon) is the right hand man of jeweller Lolappan (Innocent). He is extremely selfish and doesn't worry about the consequences of his actions as long as it contributes to his growth. He becomes estranged even with his family, but despite this, his rise up through the ranks continue. Suellen (Thalita Carauta) is a cook who works hard to keep her little son, her younger sister and her mother alone. One day, your dreams come true: she splits in two. Her copy, identical physically, has different personality, being much more extroverted and courageous. The idea would be to divide the tasks with the other one, but soon Suellen realizes that the look-alike has plans of its own, and decides to betray the original. The movie revolves around the lives of eight friends and their journey of growing up while they face the highs and lows of their relationships, love and romance, the end of their college days and the beginning of a new life. In 2010 James Franco optioned the rights to Stephen Elliott's memoir, The Adderall Diaries. In 2015 The Adderall Diaries starring James Franco and Ed Harris premiered at the TriBeca Film Festival. After Adderall is a surreal re-imagining about what happens when James Franco makes a movie about your life. Bumboo movie is based on one simple idea. Every person meets someone, who screws it up and makes life miserable (In the 'Bambaiyya' lingo it is called as 'Vaat Lagna'). In Bumboo the movie each character screws someone or the others happiness. Each situation is humorous and ends up into comedy of errors. Bumboo is based upon "L'emmerduer" which is by Francis Veber The film tells futurist, architect, and inventor R. Buckminster Fuller's incredible story through two teens hoping to get laid, become punk gods, and survive high school.  Set primarily in the UK's second largest city Birmingham, Mera Mahi NRI (My Beloved Non-Resident Indian) is a realistic multi- cultural comedy drama that follows the life of a student 'freshie' (a term used to describe somebody who is from the sub-continent who has recently arrived in the UK and who has very little experience of the British way of life). "Kami Histeria" tells the story of five college friends who part of a band called Kami Histeria. All of them have just moved into a secluded flat near a jungle in order for them to have their jamming and practice sessions easily. However, since moving into the flat, the five of them are often awakened by screeching in the middle of the night. The band decides to ignore the screeching as sounds of owls from the jungle and continue to record their new single. But after the song goes live on YouTube, their lives are forever changed... Unes is paralyzed after a massive stroke. He lies in bed in the family's living room, watching the live feed from security cameras installed at the perimeter of his home - a matter of protection after several assaults on the family. "We are guilty, we've brought a shame on ourselves," this is how Unes summarizes decades of collaboration with Israeli security forces and helping Jews to buy land from Palestinians. Rudolf, a black stray cat, is suddenly separated from his beloved master. He unexpectedly wakes up in a long-distance truck that takes him to metropolis Tokyo. There, he meets Ippai-attena, a big boss cat feared by everyone in town. Unable to return home, Rudolf starts a life as a stray with Ippai-attena, but Ippai-attena isn't all that he seems to be.  Notorious shootist and womanizer Quirt Evans' horse collapses as he passes a Quaker family's home. Quirt has been wounded, and the kindly family takes him in to nurse him back to health against the advice of others. The handsome Evans quickly attracts the affections of their beautiful daughter, Penelope. He develops an affection for the family, but his troubled past follows him. In this parody, 6 bodacious babes battle it out on the island of Butta Cheeka to be the last scantily clad woman standing.  Da Zhi is a doorman at a luxury hotel. He uses his vacation in exchange of a presidential suite at the hotel to satisfy his wife's wish. However, the manager gives the presidential suite to a celebrity and breaks the deal with him. He tries to ask bargain with the movie star, but strange things happen during his dealing, and a conspiracy begins. Two guys experience unpredictable incidents. Six thousand years before Sora and Shiro were even a blink in the history of Disboard, war consumed the land, tearing apart the heavens, destroying stars, and even threatening to wipe out the human race. Amid the chaos and destruction, a young man named Riku leads humanity toward the tomorrow his heart believed in. One day, in the ruins of an Elf city, he meets Shuvi, a female exiled "Ex-machina" android who asks him to teach her what it means to have a human heart. In the deep south during the 1930s, three escaped convicts search for hidden treasure while a relentless lawman pursues them. On their journey they come across many comical characters and incredible situations. Based upon Homer's 'Odyssey'. Li Xuelian, a woman from the countryside is falsely accused by her husband of having an affair. To defend herself, Li moves from her small town to the big city until she reached the capital. A group of kids, a Shih tzu dog, a wood, a vet, a police officer with his team and the typical gang of bad guys will be the main characters of a funny action movie. ...Without forgetting that there will be almost 30 Shih tzu dogs!! Recently fired, a grim reaper with anger issues terrorizes a small town, killing and collecting souls for a purpose only he knows. Sam and Martin, slackers who work at the local bakery, are hired by a mysterious stranger to stop him from killing again. Now they are the only ones who can take out Death before it's too late, but these idiots have no idea what they've walked into. Miranda Presley moves from New York to Nashville to become a songwriter. At an unsuccessful audition she meets James Wright, a promising newcomer. After only a few days they marry but start to quickly regret it. When a California teen with an interest in the occult moves to a New England town, she finds that the town teens believe she is a witch sent to seek revenge on the descendants of the people who originally killed another witch a hundred years earlier. Things take a particularly deadly turn when they convince her to play a seer at a Halloween party where they will feed her information over an earphone about those who enter her tent, only she suddenly sees things beyond their knowledge or help. A female superstar struggles through the trials and tribulations of being a Bollywood actress. Two law school friends find themselves at odds when one becomes a Justice Department lawyer and the other goes into politics. One man must prove he is greater than the sum of his vices while fighting a losing battle against loneliness, destitution & a nasty bout of constipation. What started out as a relaxing summer day by the pool for a group of high maintenance young socialites quickly becomes a nightmare when an unknown killer begins stalking and murdering them one by one. Tommaso has just left his first wife but he will meet a new person who will change everything in his life. A mild political satire about a peculiar friendship between a lonesome monkey and an (impoverished) zoo warden, and about an upside-down world in transition as seen by a chimpanzee. Created in the ancient mists of time by the Viking god Loki, four musical demons have left carnage and horror in their wake as they've travelled through the centuries, using the vibrations of music as a conduit across time and space. Now, as the harmonic horrors attempt to reunite and bring about the end of the world, can a cop, a hooker, and a warrior from the past defeat these evil spirits before the music stops... forever?  A combination of paean and parody, the music-filled INSTRUMENTS OF EVIL pays homage to the low-budget exploitation (or "grindhouse") films of the '60s, '70s, and '80s, while also poking fun at their notorious excesses and absurdities. Fans of low-budget, B-movie madness will find enjoyment here, but be warned: not only tunes get stuck in your head! A young doctor gets a new job in a haunted hospital where he meets a beautiful nurse, together they uncover the hospitals secrets. A sex and love addicted woman learns what real intimacy is when she starts making music with a reclusive man.  Adapted from the play written by Austinite vodka maker Tito Beveridge, from Tito's Vodka, 'This Side of the Dirt' is a Texas family drama steeped in satire and humor. Beatriz, an immigrant from a poor town in Mexico, has drawn on her innate kindness to build a career as a health practitioner. Doug Strutt is a cutthroat, self-satisfied billionaire. When these two opposites meet at a dinner party, their worlds collide, and neither will ever be the same. Bambukat, set in 1960, is a story about two sisters. One is a simple girl, Pakko, who's not fair skinned and look dusky, and Sami, who is prettier than Pakko. The story of Bambukat is how Pakko's husband tries to impress his in-laws. When a lifeguard catches wind of a dangerous anomaly off the coast of San Diego, she commissions a band of unlikely heroes to assist her on a suicide mission to save the west coast from total destruction. An idealistic attractive young couple acquires a stunning, life-like robot for guilt free help, but as the three grow closer, their perception of humanity will be altered forever. Every university must have mysterious tall tales in the past, where students die before graduating. Someone wants to create a class to help the spirits graduate college. Surprisingly, the class attendants are growing significantly, and no one wants to teach the class. Star, a popular student, Otaku, a nerd and ghost photography enthusiast, as well as students Moo, Meuk, and Kung, and Fay the chubby clown, have to participate in the class. What kind of terror and romp will they have to go through? "Aliens Stole My Boyfriend" - Two cute alien chicks crash land their space buggy in the parking lot of the motor court looking for Earth boyfriends. "Coma Girl" - A macabre maintenance man falls in love with a comatose patient at the convalescent home where he works much to the dismay of her faithful husband. "Brain Robbers In Love" - A powerful older woman steals the body of a young woman using a top-secret brain-swapping devise stolen from a government vault. "The Problem With Clones" - A skip-tracer must search through a family of clones to find the sister who murdered her look alike. "Four-Eyes" - A paraplegic hit man is encouraged to pursue his gruesome talent by a man who wants to murder his ex-wife. "Life After Men" - In the near future, males are virtually extinct from disease and are tracked down my man hunters working for the new government. Six people, one room, one night, one game, a lot of sensuality and much to discover. A Film that shows how bodies and minds might meet when allowed to.  Get involved within a stimulating experiment, somewhere between aesthetic statement and real venture, between pornographic art and the attempt to reposition sexuality within dialogue and actions. At age 29, documentary filmmaker Sara Lamm discovered that she was conceived via sperm donor. Using her skills as an investigator she decides to dig ever deeper to uncover where half of her DNA comes from. Having been gone for three years, closeted advertising executive Adrian returns to his Texas hometown and struggles to reveal his dire circumstances to his conservative family. Folk-jazz composer/arranger Arthur Verocai was born in Rio de Janeiro. He has created challenging arragements and compositions for Brazilian artists Jorge Ben, Ivan Lins, Leny Andrade and Gal Costa. In 1972 Verocai recorded a self-titled solo LP. It is a stunningly innovative effort. It puts Verocai into a rarified field with the heavy string oriented music of Charles Stepney, David Axelrod and Frank Zappa. Released in a period marked by the Brazilian military government, the album fared poorly. Following its re-issue in 2003, the album has become a highly influential oft sampled classic (see Ludacris, MF Doom and Little Brother). The performance of this seminal 1972 record in its entirety brought the capacity Luckmann crowd to a stand still. According to Verocai, 'he had never played the record, alive or dead!' His delight can be seen on the DVD. The music has been mixed by Verocai himself in Rio. History turned on its head and musical justice served. This comedy, set in 1983 in small town Virginia, centers around a 13 year old and her family. The story of a hairstyle gone incredibly wrong and a young girl's plight to fit in while encountering bullies at a new school. Coco has no idea what to do with her life until she discovers her mother is terminally ill. She wholeheartedly embraces this new purpose in life and moves in with her mother to take care of her, ignoring their distant relationship, as well as her mother's desire to die alone. A village in the Black Sea region is  under the influence of a curse. A couple decides to stop the sad story of lovers who have not been able to meet for hundreds of years under the influence of the charm, even if they are the children of enemy families. A story about five friends Papa Chui is the eldest among the group and has a boy toy whom he supports financially, more than what he needed. Gerorgette a transsexual who wants to have a child so he can build his own family. Baldo a closet body guard who also has a closet boyfriend. CC the possessive fashion designer who wants to walk the aisle and is friends with Shirley, an event specialist and trying hard singer who has problems with her boyfriend. An evil kitten known as Adventure Cat needs to get his paws on an ancient bone with magical power in order to take over the universe. It's up to an elite group of space dogs, headed by the intrepid General Ruff, to make sure Adventure Cat doesn't succeed! Scandal Maker is a 2016 Chinese comedy-drama film directed by Ahn Byeong-ki, starring Tong Dawei and Michelle Chen and a remake of the 2008 South Korean film Scandal Makers. Rebellious high school senior Johnny Grissom is murdered while on a drunken joyride. Soon, Johnny's classmates turn up dead, murdered by an unknown assailant. Johnny's best friend Eric begins to suspect Johnny has returned from the grave to wreak havoc on those who wronged him. A surreal adaptation of Moby Dick. Lake, obsessed with finding the ultimate truth, is led down a path into the horrifying depths of his own subconscious. The history and humor of the fart. A multi-layered, touching comedy about a group of friends whose relationships - in the face of life adversities - are exposed to more than one test. Filip (Kamil Kula) risks his face and career for the whim of a crazy collector of Jadzka buttons (Aleksandra Domanska). The sedate professor (Krzysztof Stelmaszyk) refuses his friend's indecent request (Przemyslaw Bluszcz), but he secretly kidnaps himself in a virtually reckless way. Meanwhile, a close-knit group of friends (Agnieszka Wiedlocha, Aleksandra Domanska, Maciej Zakoscielny, Piotr Stramowski, and Marcin Perchuc) go to the mountains every year. There they discover a mystery that will change their lives forever. What will they choose? Loyalty or money? Friendship or love? Truth or lie? Own or other luck? Every choice for the heroes of the comedy "Just friendship" means trouble. Who will help them? We know: friends. Because friendship, like no other investment, always pays off. With the help of their high school's newest teacher, four Hispanic students form a robotics club. Although they have no experience, the youths set their sights on a national robotics contest. With $800 and parts scavenged from old cars, they build a robot and compete against reigning champion MIT. Along the way, the students learn not only how to build a robot but something far more important: how to forge bonds that will last a lifetime. In the winter of 2117, a runaway vehicle crashes into the Public Safety Bureau Building. The driver is identified as Izumi Yasaka, a psychological counselor at the Sanctuary, a Latent Criminal Isolation Facility in Aomori Prefecture. But right before her interrogation, Enforcer Mika Shimotsuki and Inspector Nobuchika Ginoza are tasked with promptly escorting Yasaka back to Aomori. What awaits them there is a False Paradise. A debt collector becomes a major sensation when he takes on the rich man's sport of golfing. Akino, a high school student who lives in the country, has a dream to go to Tokyo with her two friends who are in a band. Akino is in love with her classmate Okada. However, there's a girl named "Nadchan" at another school in Okada. Akino always thinks about the girl who talks with Okada. When Hap Anderson, a widowed 83-year-old Minnesota farmer that thinks he's still quite the ladies' man, sells his family farm, he finds himself adrift and staring a short future in the face. Driven by the possibility of showing up with an old flame and impressing his old army buddies, he sets out to attend his 65th WWII reunion in California with his directionless and unreasonably self-confident granddaughter, Ashley. Each with their own issues and agendas, they head west in a dilapidated Winnebago. Encountering oddball tourist attractions and eccentric characters, they find themselves in seemingly impossible situations with only each other for support. As the journey progresses so does their relationship and they begin to understand and appreciate each other as individuals while discovering that being young and being old, aren't all that different. A young man sets out to uncover the truth about his life after finding his baby photo on a missing persons website. When 10-year-old Park works up the nerve to give the girl across the street a love note, she faces the judgment of those closest to her. Park has to decide if she will remain true to herself or become what others expect her to be. Hakim and Faisal continue their journey to find their perfect match. During a work trip to Vientiane, their friendship is tested when they fall in love with the same woman: Mina, a Lao tourist guide. In order to save some kids who are about to die in a fire, Bibi, the daughter of a prestigious witch, manages to trigger a heavy rain with her powers. The head of all witches gives her an award called "Crystal Ball", reserved for older girls. German adventure film very much in line of Harry Potter, but in female version. Three talented teens enter a local competition to be the next big Girl Band. Annette might be judgmental, critical, and a total perfectionist--but only of the most charming variety. When she suddenly perceives that her relationship with her boyfriend, Elliot, is inferior to all the happy coupledom she sees among her friends, she decides they need to break up. Launched into the LA dating scene, where film industry jobs, old school bars, and elitist consumerism are the norm, Annette begins to realize that maybe meeting some cool new guy isn't going to lead her to personal fulfillment. Joseph McKelheer and Cory Knauf (The Hamiltons, The Violent Kind) star in this intense thriller set in the lingering light of the Alaskan midnight sun. Charlie Shepard, a modern day faith healer with a small flock of believers, is stunned when his family is brutally murdered.  Six months later a young, mysterious girl (Courtney Halverson) appears and becomes the link to his family's killing and the murderers themselves, ultimately leading to violent consequences for all. Angie and Izzy get a housesitting gig that seems too good to be true. Gruesome supernatural hijinks ensue. ACP Krishna strives to capture the gangsters who threaten to attack his lover and her family members. Alec Smart, who is engaged teaching in a prison, applies for the job of headmaster at a nearby public school to replace the previous headmaster who has been convicted of writing forged cheques and has just been sent to prison. Smart appeals to the Governor to write him a good reference which he pretends to. Afterwards he writes his real recommendation which is very negative about Smart's talents. The trustee who works as the Governor's secretary, Faker Brown, "accidentally" gets the two letters mixed up and delivers the one praising Smart. On the basis of the letter, Lady Dorking, the who runs the Board of Governors appoints Smart to the job. This angers her deputy, Colonel Crableigh, who had favoured promoting his nephew, the Deputy head. Off his pills and on the run from Marie Guvment, Ronald Slayback shows up at the apartment of childhood friend, Trevor Jones, seeking shelter. Little Nicky, the son of the Tanner, a famous strongman, has made up his mind, that he can conquer the dragon as his father did long ago. Against prohibition of his father, Nicky has managed to get into trouble and now it depends only on his courage, whether he defeats the resurgent dragon and returns home from the magic world. Kandia, an African women in her fifties who has lived in Sweden for 30 years, decides to move back to Gambia. Her son Ibbe, who dreams of a career in hip hop and is about to make a breakthrough, goes with her. Their encounter with their homeland, however, doesn't turn out the way they imagined. A warm, broad drama comedy about a universal theme: identity. A small film with a big heart, SECOND HAND WEDDING is a bittersweet dramatic comedy set in the present, in a time when trademe and e-bay threaten the primeval urge for a firsthand crack at the second-hand. Jill keeps the dream alive until she is forced to confront the habits of a lifetime and concede that no bargain is worth her daughter's happiness. Father of the bride, Brian, quips that Cheryl's upcoming wedding will be the first time anyone in the Rose family has given something away - and that's the crux of it. A slick serial seducer bets his friends that he can bed three old flames in six weeks, in this risque comedy from the director of the smash hit Wives on Strike. Kos (13) is going through the most bizarre period in his life. His mother died a few years ago and his dad is having a heart attack. While Kos' father is in the hospital, it looks like the hotel he is running will be a big mess. But Kos and his three sisters do not intend to let that happen. After the siblings find out that father is deep in financial problems, the hotel is threatened with closure. The children however come up with a solution: someone has to win the local beauty pageant, with a hefty cash prize attached. Fell, Jumped, or Pushed is a romantic mockumentary that digs into the bizarre real-life disappearance of Sgt. Elmo Warrick. It is an utter bastardization of reality TV mixed with a healthy dose of early Christopher Guest. Six LA Love Stories The film will follow Princess Songhwa, who refuses her fate to marry one of four suitors. While Seo Do-yoon, skilled at interpreting marital harmony signs is selected as the person to ascertain her best match. Struggling to come to terms with the break-up of his marriage and his reintegration into civilian life, former Navy SEAL John Beckett contemplates returning to what he knows best, war. When a close friend is brutally murdered in a racially motivated attack, Beckett calls upon his specialized military skills to find the perpetrators and bring them to justice. Has he found a new sense of purpose, or will this be his last mission? Ingrid becomes obsessed with a social network star named Taylor Sloane who seemingly has a perfect life. But when Ingrid decides to drop everything and move west to be Taylor's friend, her behaviour turns unsettling and dangerous. Comedy, graduation film from Osaka University of Arts Young-ju's wedding is cancelled when it is revealed that her mother was a prostitute for American soldiers. Young-ju, pregnant by her fiance, gives birth to a child, but her ex demands that she give up custody to him as she has no future.   Documentary about Kenji Sugimoto, professor in Math and Science history at Kinki university in Japan. He has spent the last 30 years publishing works about Einstein and his personality. To complete his works he travels to America to find Einstein's brain. In a small peaceful town, zombies suddenly rise to terrorize the town. Now three bespectacled police officers and a strange Scottish morgue expert must band together to defeat the undead. A long lucky streak makes a nice guy the target of opportunists like his brother, his girlfriend, and some guys from New Jersey. Honeycrisp tells the story of Hannah and Greta Lawton - two estranged sisters with a turbulent past who meet up to clean out their suddenly deceased parents cabin and repair - or end - their relationship.  The mockumentary follows the contests, judges, and hostess of a go go boy dancing contest. With a little sex, sabotage, and a few dirty tricks, this movie will turn you on, bend you over with laughter and then give you a happy ending. Enokida Trading Post is a second-hand shop run by Yojiro Enokida , whose personal mantra is, "Anything but garbage. We take it all." The shop serves as a gathering place for employees and regular customers, who come with troubles in hand. One summer day, part of the shop's sign falls down. Yojiro thinks this is a sign that something spectacular is about to happen, and indeed their problems take on lives of their own from that day onward. Three men, Vijay, Siddharth, and Aashiq, travel to Kochi with their own sets of problems, where they meet a mysterious man, Scobo Johns, who proves to be a turning point in their lives. Delphine and Yvan divorce. While his financial situation does not allow him to find a home, Yvan remembers that he owns 20% of his ex-wife's house. He then returned to live with Delphine, in his 20%. The two ex will discover the joys of forced housemates. Sara falls in love with everything that moves with a pulse. She gives her heart to guys on toll too quickly. She is a hopeless romantic who believes that every new guy is "the right one". It only results in her being heartbroken every time. Eventually, her friends take her out into the archipelago on a summer camp. There she gets to work in the kitchen where she meets Lisbet and another new love, the janitor's son. Sara's time on at the camp makes her stronger and happier. It all seems to go well until the new owner of the facility comes and will fire everyone and rebuild it to a rich man's resort. It all gets worse when an ex boyfriend of the worst kind is the son of new owner. Five old friends have to prove themselves one last time. 30 years after the hopeful young band Bochums Steine have separated after a disastrous live performance, fatally ill Rainer tries to re-activate his old cronies All that David Pauly ever wanted in life was to witness the downfall of his high school nemesis Chembaden Joey. When Joey louses up Davy's betrothal ceremony, Davy and his friends vow to scheme up something that would button up Joey forever. Enter Giri, a village boy who joins the gang on the mission, for vested interests of course. But little did he know then, about Baagirathi or the misadventures that awaited the gang on their revenge quest. Gerard is tired of being taken for a good apple by his beautiful family. He leaves everything and starts a garage in a village nestled at the bottom of the Gatinais ... In front of the garage, there is a lovely inn, run by Barbara: a beautiful woman, disconcerting, mysterious, unpredictable. Their encounter will spark ... Tsugumi Rinko can't wait to escape the tedium of high school for the challenges and rewards that accompany life at a fine arts college. She only has two problems:  1) She has few social skills and fewer friends.  2) With less than nine months remaining before her crucial admissions test, she has no practical art experience. A man watches his life unravel after he is left by his blind girlfriend. Dating My Mother explores the intimate and sometimes tumultuous relationship between a single mother and her gay son as they navigate the dizzying world of online dating. Peppino, a policeman from Milan, and Ambrose, a florist Naples, along with beloved wives Bianca and Celeste, celebrating Christmas in the same resort town. It is during these festivals that sets of parents discover that their children, Richard and Simon, are engaged with two peers: Giulia and Ludovica. All very nice except that the four lovers have never met live! Determined to put an end to this practice of "virtual love", that just can not understand, Peppino and Ambrose manage to participate in the annual event of user boys haunt of "Cupid 2.0" app for meetings that saw blossoming love between young people. But to make the plan will involve parents too! The event turns out to be a hellish pit where among former users virtual hunting for real love, a fashion blogger infatuated and web influencers complexed, the two couples lose the compass cripple their marriages and the stories of the children. But we are so confident that the love stories of the past were more true than 2.0 today? An accident during a bar mitzvah celebration leads to a gendered rift in a devout Orthodox community in Jerusalem, in this rousing, good-hearted tale about women speaking truth to patriarchal power.  An attention-craving mother nearing 50, unemployed and living with her pregnant daughter and son-in-law, suddenly finds herself with child, too... Ruben, Durex and Nora are three students in their last year of college. Ruben has already failed his exams once due to his lack of self-confidence. He's been as useless with Nora, to whom he dares not confess his feelings. And his childhood friend Durex, the most embarrassing guy in the world, is no help at all. When Ruben discovers that Nora is a dealer and that she's going to Amsterdam to bring back a new kind of drug, Ruben bucks up the courage to accompany her. This trip to Amsterdam is an ideal situation in which to at last seduce Nora. But his bad luck: Durex comes along for the ride. While the trio discover Europe's craziest capital, their lives really get complicated when they realize that the drug they've just picked up belongs to one of Amsterdam's most dangerous gangsters. Very quickly, Ruben, Durex and Nora will understand that to get their old lives back, they must stop being nerds in order to become true heroes. A coming of age a story about 3 young boys from Nigeria's major ethnic groups on an adventure to make a short film inspired by the history of Nigeria. In this charming caper comedy, a bright but broke undergrad striving to escape the slums gets in over his head when his modest criminal enterprise goes a bit too far. When Steve's secret marriage of convenience is discovered by his family, he finds himself at the centre of the world's most farcical wedding, the only problem is, he is in love with somebody else. A coming of age road trip film about a depressed writer back from his first year of college who reunites with his three childhood friends: a drunk, a sex addict, and a manic-depressive. In an attempt to abandon their empty lives, they embark on a mission to fulfill their childhood dream of seeing Cadillac Ranch. What begins as an escape becomes an entrapment after an encounter with their childhood nemesis ignites friction within the group, forcing their problems out into the open and turning them against one another. Kaashmora, a present era black magic specialist; Rajnayak, an ancient era warlord and Ratnamahadevi is his queen. How these three are connected? What are the issues that arise? Buddy is an abandoned young cocker spaniel waiting dejectedly in his cage for a kind, new owner to adopt him. Suddenly, Billy, a little boy whose hair is as red as Buddy's, appears. It's love at first sight and the beginning of a great friendship. But for Billy's parents, this is where the trouble begins. Eva and Kat enjoy a carefree existence on their houseboat on a London canal. Until Eva's dream of becoming a mother is reignited by the death of their pet. Kat just wants to get a new cat. But when Kat's best friend, Roger, visits from Barcelona, they decide in a moment of drunkenness that he can be Eva's sperm donor. But what are the consequences for the lesbian couple, the biological father, the child and their relationships with one another? Some people fold their dreams, others go all in. A Landscaper, a realtor and an old mob boss chase down a dream and embark on a one-of-a-kind poker adventure in search of a legendary card game. A dream turns into a premonition and our hero has to face his fears against the best poker player you've never heard of in "The Biggest Game in Town". Three years later Michele (The Invisible boy) meets his mother and his twin sister. Both have stories and superpowers but their intentions may not be what Michele thinks. A blunt, abrasive and yet oddly compassionate Jagdishwar Mishra aka Jolly, a small-time struggling lawyer who moves from Kanpur to the city of Nawabs to pursue his dream of becoming a big-time lawyer. Dennis Paul (Maqbool Salman) is a business consultant working in Malaysia. During a journey to Hyderabad as part of his profession, he acquaints Riti Satyanarayanan (Aima). They soon become friends. Dennis finds some similarities in Riti and his ex-lover Ann Mariya (Aina). Two girls from very different social backgrounds discover, at the age of 25, that they had been switched at birth. In an eastern Turkish town, suitors knock on the door of the mayor and father of three beautiful daughters who choose to follow their own paths. In love with Duygu, as well as with his favorite football team, Zafer is one of those grown-up men who never really grow up. One day, he finds himself forced into a marriage by his father, and despite his many funny attempts to get out of the marriage, Zafer's plans yield no result. Can Zafer understand the meaning of true love before the final whistle blows? President Hong's family hit an all-time high after succeeding in their business. The family members, who have been prohibited from leaving the country for years for being involved in gang-related incidents, are finally allowed to go overseas and start preparing for a trip for the first time, but their plans don't go smoothly Because of his salacious language, late-night radio advice-show host Leon Phelps, along with his sweet and loyal producer Julie, is fired from his Chicago gig. Leon gets a letter from a former lover promising a life of wealth, but he doesn't know who she is. Can Leon find his secret sugar-mama? What about Julie? It's 1849 and everyone wants to make his way to San Francisco for that golden opportunity. Jorge, a poor Mexican peasant, and his son Fernando believe they have struck it rich when they find an enormous gold rock. Upon entering the nearest town to cash in, they quickly become entangled with a dangerous outlaw who has eyes on their fortune. After the rock and child go missing, Jorge teams up with a conniving Chinese immigrant to find his son and get back what is his, but not before running into a surplus of outrageous characters including an unsavory hunting party...or killing each other first in this wacky adventure! Sam always seems to make the wrong decision. A convicted computer hacker, he's single, jaded and barred from using the internet. Forced to crash on his brother's couch, he makes ends meet by working at the local Twistee Treat and stealing mail while disguised as a postal worker. Then, a single pink envelope changes everything. Handwritten by a heartsick Josie to her late husband and fallen Marine, the tender missive awakens something in Sam. Desperate to be worthy of such love, he conspires to meet the beautiful, young war widow, longing to become a better man. As the two grow closer, she warms to the idea of a new chance at love, but not before Sam's past comes knocking in the form of an FBI agent looking for missing bitcoins. Petra doesn't know who her father is. Her entire life, it's been hidden from her. After the death of her mother, she embarks on a search that leads her to Jaume, a famous artist and a powerful, ruthless man. On her path to uncovering the truth, Petra also meets Jaume's son, Lucas, as well as Marisa, his mother and Jaume's wife. That is when the story of these characters begins to intertwine in a spiral of malice, family secrets and violence that drives them all to the edge. But fate's cruel logic is derailed by a twist that opens a path to hope and redemption. Love never sounded so good, until Corey must decide between two love interests and whether he wants to give up the joys of the single life. Burned by a bad breakup, a struggling New York City playwright makes an unlikely connection with a divorced app designer she meets on a blind date. Complications abound in this French film, which tells the story of a filmmaker  who is attempting to put his real life into a movie; his interactions with the people in the movie he is filming create reverberations in his "real" life, although the past remains unchanged. Among the complications is his growing regard for the woman who plays his cinematic wife. She may wind up replacing his actual wife in real life. One of the highlights of this film is the insight it gives into the actual mechanics of filmmaking. A group of brokenhearted women end up at a resort that specializes in helping people ease their pain.  Michal is 32 years old. She became religious 12 years ago, and only now is she getting married. A month before the wedding, while checking out the catering for the event, the groom has a change of heart and the wedding is called off. Michal feels she's unable to go back to ordinary life, to the usual course of matchmaking. She feels this is the moment to change something very basic in her personality. A simple belief that God is good and sweet; that He wants to give and is only waiting for her to wish it. Michal goes on a month-long journey lasting up to the planned wedding day: "I have the venue, the dress, the apartment; God can easily come up with my groom." An ultraconservative family father must spend a weekend with his dysfunctional children for the burial of his wife. Lovers Ramachari and Divya part ways when Divya begins to question Ramachari's love, trust and way of life. Will they reconcile? A group of people try to survive an attack of bloodthirsty zombies while trapped in a rural Pennsylvania farmhouse. Sibylle, a young Parisian with long teeth, intends to shine in her new job by buying a hardware store in the Basque Country to set up a supermarket. She imagines that she has "rolled" the old owner but the latter is under curatorship. Sibylle must therefore deal with Ramon, the nephew, to recover his money and sign as soon as possible. Otherwise, the ejection seat is assured. She will soon realize that the Basques do not intend to let themselves be made by a Parisian, however pretty she is. An Ishiro Honda film. No synopsis available Dennis, a lonely and frustrated teenager, is reluctantly transformed into a superhero, embedded with the symbol of a hand showing its middle finger, and must awkwardly endure his training and save his world from extinction in this superhero parody.  A young painter takes up French lessons with an elder lady to ensure he'll get a grant for a French arts institute. That way he meets Anna, a beautiful married woman nursing the lady's old father, and falls in love with her. After a month-long tour of Europe, Sejal is just about to board her flight to India, when she realises that her engagement ring is lost. In quest of the object, she hires the same tour-guide Harry  and together they set off visiting the exact same spots that she and her family visited--in the hope of finding the heirloom. Of course the journey proves to be much more... An ominous dream convinces 77-year-old Dayanand Kumar that his end could be near. He takes the news to his son Rajiv, knowing he wants to breathe his last in the holy city of Varanasi and end the cycle of rebirth, by attaining salvation. Being the dutiful son he is, Rajiv is left with no choice but to drop everything and make the journey with his stubborn father. Daya and Rajiv check into Mukti Bhawan (Hotel Salvation) in Varanasi, a guesthouse devoted to people who want to die there. But as the days go by, Rajiv struggles to juggle his responsibilities back home, while Daya starts to bloom in the hotel. Rajiv gives his father a shot at salvation but as family bonds are tested, he finds himself torn, and not knowing what he must do to keep his life together. A jazz musician arrives in pre-Revolution Cuba to perform with Celia Cruz and finds himself ensnared in the civil conflict between Batista and Castro. A group of students visit Goa and Hampi while on their college trip. Their experiences during their journey help them understand the intricacies of love and friendship. Abused by an oppressive brother-in-law Gajendra (Pran), Ramchandra (Dilip Kumar) runs away from home, and ends up in a small village where he is mistaken for Shyamrao (also Dilip Kumar), and must accept Ganga (Leela Mishra) and his new name or face severe exorcism. Meanwhile, Shyamrao is mistaken for Ramchandra by Anjana (Waheeda Rehman) and her dad (Nazir Hussain). When Gajendra finds out, he is enraged and attempts to beat the stuffing out of the person he thinks is his brother-in-law, but Shyamrao refuses to be abused or beaten, and all of a sudden things start changing in the household as well as in the community. It is not long before Gajendra finds out about the truth, and plans an ugly death for Shyamrao, and all those opposed to him. Mordrcai Jones (George C. Scott) is a rural con artist (a 'flim flam man') who takes on a young army deserter Curley (Michael Sarrazin) as his protege and teaches him the tricks of the trade. Sheriff Slade (Harry Morgan) is in hot pursuit of the pair and rich girl Bonnie Lee Packard (Sue Lyon) becomes romantically involved with Curley and helps the fleeing duo stay one step ahead of the sheriff. The film features a great automobile chase scene for those who appreciate this kind of cinema hijinks. Screenplay by William Rose ("It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World"). On the 7th date, Tara and Shawn find that their relationship is going nowhere. So they decide to come to terms with it and spend their last night together being their true selves and sharing what each of them really wants from another person. But as the evening unravels and things begin spiraling out of control, the two begin to realize that their ideal selves may not be who they imagined. This down-to-earth story that takes place in the mountains of North Caucasus, between two adjacent villages - Ossetian Toli and Georgian Teli - tells us about simple and naive people that governments try to divide today by an official state border. These people wish to live in peace and harmony, in spite of ethnic differences, as their ancestors lived for hundreds of years. They are accustomed to solve all the conflicts peacefully, following Caucasian customs - around a great table, with wine and songs... On a pleasure trip, Krishnan, who rents out caravan for film shoots, saves a couple on the run and takes it on himself to get them married. Aditya and Anjali are a couple who are in love with each other. However, due to certain problems, they break up and Aditya calls for a breakup party with his friends. During the party, a crazy incident occurs that changes the course of Aditya's life. The rest of the story is how Aditya manages to come out of this crazy situation and gets his life back on track. A Heffley family road trip to attend Meemaw's 90th birthday party goes hilariously off course thanks to Greg's newest scheme to get to a video gaming convention. Two detectives investigate a string of horrific murders in Seoul and zero in on a sadistic gang leader who carries an actual ball and chain.  Best friends Nini and Jameelah are both 14 years old and live in the same housing complex in Berlin. Jameelah's family is from Iraq and might be deported if their application for citizenship isn't approved, but right now, the girls try not to worry about these existential problems. They look forward to the Berlin summer and the school holidays. This film critiques contemporary attitudes to cultural heritage. When she discovers a wedding planer's business card, Alexia instantly says, "YES" to Mathias unaware that it belongs to his mistress. The groom is now trapped between his bride, and his lover who in charge of his unwanted marriage. LBW is a movie discussing about different phases of love and life. Love is precious, how it works out and changes the minds of human beings is the basic story of the film. Five thirty-something men in as many separate segments struggle to grapple with the relentless absurdity of their respective existences.  In 1987, during the austere days of Thatcher's Britain, a teenager learns to live life, understand his family, and find his own voice through the music of Bruce Springsteen. Leon, the top hit man in New York, has earned a rep as an effective "cleaner". But when his next-door neighbors are wiped out by a loose-cannon DEA agent, he becomes the unwilling custodian of 12-year-old Mathilda. Before long, Mathilda's thoughts turn to revenge, and she considers following in Leon's footsteps. Tony Manero is a Brooklyn paint-store clerk who'd give anything to break out of his dead-end existence. In life, Tony is a peasant; on the disco dance floor, he's a king. As the soundtrack plays one Bee Gees hit after another, white-suited Tony struts his stuff amidst flashing lights and sweaty, undulating bodies. Tony's class aspirations are mirrored in his relationship with his dance partner, a secretary eager to move into the glamorous world of Manhattan.  Sometimes you just have to know where the dog is buried! A lesson that family man Hans Waldmann will learn in this snappy black comedy. Because Hans's life is in crisis. Not only is he quickly being replaced by a Finn in the paper mill, his family is also more interested in a dog than his worries. For wife Yvonne and daughter Laura, the dog becomes indispensable in no time. All the more hopeless Hans's situation, after he has run over the four-legged rival in an inattentive moment. When then the supposed friend Mike offers his help, ... An actress accidentally ends up in a room with a weird group of women claiming to be travelling in a secret high-tech space device to Mars. A drama about love, secrets, and acceptance Blood Type: Unknown follows wannabe novelist Caitlyn Landale on her journey to embracing her dreams. Wondering if life is not as exciting or magical as her stories, her views are forever altered when she meets the bitter-viewed Adam Godfrey. But when her feelings for the mysterious Adam Godfrey grow unconditionally strong she soon finds herself captured in a four centuries old secret that she never expected. Agatha Christie (1890-1976) is the world's most translated writer. Her heroes Hercule Poirot and Miss Marple are known worldwide. But who is the woman behind the sales records? A biographical search for clues, the unraveling of an iridescent personality whose existence and works were shaped by the tragic history of the 20th century. The eventful life of the Queen of Crime. After 6 years together, Mike's girlfriend leaves him, so he travels to LA to be a star. Six months on, he's still not doing very well-- so a few of his friends try to reconnect him to the social scene and hopefully help him forget his failed relationship. A young man challenges the web to offer money for a sex tape of him and his girlfriend to finance his work and finally be able to afford having a child. Is it really wrong to sell our own intimacy in order to be able to afford making our dreams come true? Thirty years after serving together in the Vietnam War, Larry "Doc" Shepherd, Sal Nealon and the Rev. Richard Mueller reunite for a different type of mission: to bury Doc's son, a young Marine killed in Iraq. Forgoing burial at Arlington National Cemetery, Doc and his old buddies take the casket on a bittersweet trip up the coast to New Hampshire. Along the way, the three men find themselves reminiscing and coming to terms with the shared memories of a war that continues to shape their lives. 'Buscando a Marcos Ramirez' is about a Costarican from the countryside that loses his mother and starts living with his grandfather. He starts going to a new high school which means new challenges. As he tries to achieve his life goal of becoming a professional soccer player. In the meantime, he looks for himself, for what he really is, and want to do with his life. Documentary on the shock rock group "The Mentors". In August of 70 a.H. (Raelian era), Lily and Dominique embark upon their first experience of the European Happiness Academy, under the Croatian sun. For over forty years, Rael has been transmitting the knowledge he has inherited from our extra-terrestrial fathers to a select, awakened, few. Determined to meet their kindred spirits, Lily and Dominique vie for the favours of the charming singer, Arnaud Fleurent Didier, as the Raelian teachings gradually take root. Just before the fall of the Berlin Wall, the birthday celebrations of an East German family turn into a tragicomical moment of political and personal breakdown. A story about five best friends who left their village to make a fortune in big city. Yassine asks his best friend Fred to marry him in order to avoid deportation... Jason has made up his mind: he's going to live in the wilderness for a year. One problem: he's never been camping. While he's preparing, he meets Mona, a goal oriented corporate type who has just suffered a nervous breakdown at work. They fall in love but ultimately Jason must decide: follow his dream or his heart.  French seniors enroll in summer camp. Mila got diagnosed with tongue cancer. Instead of operation and chemotherapy she decides to try an unconventional treatment in the Amazon jungle of Peru and to make a film about her healing process.  Oded wants to look cool in front of his boss, so he lies about knowing a secret beach in Sinai peninsula. Moti, the crazy CEO, decides to take Oded, and two other employees, to the terror-stricken peninsula. Hikari has just arrived to Buenos Aires and wants to know its FanDom. Juan has been all his life into it. This two different kids fell in love with each other quickly, as quickly as wassapp makes it possible. This new relationship finishes with one of most important traumas in Juan's life, the fear to sing in public. As he stands in a theater to sing along Hikari, he become famous as "Johny Safe", and this makes him draw apart from his girlfriend and his friends. Afer loosing all his fame, Juan will do anything to get back his friends and his love. An upbeat comedy about three boys that escape from Soviet Estonia to Sweden via Finland in the 1980s to fulfill their dreams in the free world. Drowning in tinsel and lights every Christmas, Michael and Caroline Anderson throw the year's biggest party at their house. But this year, with Michael jobless and Caroline's store struggling, that tradition may end. The Andersons decide to host a very different kind of party and, in the process, rediscover what's most important about the holiday. Nine-year old Andreas Decker is the new kid in town. He tells his class that he has lived all over the world on account of his parents being top scientific researchers. Yet classmate Vero finds Andreas's workaholic parents really weird. She suggests to spy on them. When Andreas overhears their conversation about conquering the world and becoming leaders, their can only be one conclusion for the baffled children: Andreas's parents are aliens. A circus' beautiful trapeze artist agrees to marry the leader of side-show performers, but his deformed friends discover she is only marrying him for his inheritance. Sid hates his hands; he thinks they look like elephant feet; so he hides them from everyone including himself. A struggling actress and an aspiring playwright pour all of their creative energy into the only paying work they can find: role-playing demonstrations for corporate training seminars. When they book the biggest gig of their careers at a hotel conference, they commence work on their most ambitious production to date.   Benjamin Franklin  helps a rebel leader in her fight for America's independence in 1778. Tom and Jerry find a dragon egg, and help the baby dragon find its mother. When he started as a comedy writer for the Late Show with David Letterman, Steve Young had few interests and not many friends outside of his day job. But while gathering material for a segment on the show, Steve stumbled onto a few vintage record albums that would change his life forever.  Bizarre cast recordings - marked "internal use only" - revealed full-throated Broadway-style musical shows about some of the most recognizable corporations in America: General Electric, McDonald's, Ford, DuPont, Xerox.  Bathtubs Over Broadway follows Steve Young on his quest to find all he can about this hidden world. While tracking down rare albums, unseen footage, composers and performers, Steve forms unlikely friendships and discovers that this discarded musical genre starring tractors and bathtubs was bigger than Broadway. When a demanding lover inspires her to write, an idle woman must fake the relationship in order to complete her new book. On this exhilarating DVD, Carter Beauford, world-famous drummer for the Dave Matthews Band, performs along with the rhythm tracks from six of the band's best songs, including "Ants Marching" and "Satellite." Carter covers such topics as left-hand lead/open-hand approaches, fills, double bass drums, drum set and symbal setup, time feel, and many others. Check ut the exclusive interviews with Carter as he talks about the early days of the Dave Matthews Band, his background and influences, and much more. The DVD also features previously unreleased live footage of the Dave Matthews Band.  At 39 years of age Mirko has just left prison. In the outskirts of Rome, a new future waits for him. When he is elected president of the homeowners' committee, he realises that he can dream of a different kind of existence. Not only for himself and his family, but for the whole suburb where he lives. This film deals with a "bandit" who, with the help of his best friend Boccione, wants to turn the indifference of the suburb into solidarity and the roads into luxuriant fields of tomatoes, becoming the bearer of a happiness he does not know how to reach. It is the story of a fragile and irrational dream: offering a future to those who do not even believe they deserve a present. Life divides two brothers and reunites them again in the city of Tegucigalpa. Narrator John Nesbitt reminisces about his hometown and childhood in this short film. A group of warehouse employees are scammed and charged with theft. Now they have to flee as they devise a plan to reveal the truth. MURDEROUS TALES is a special effect animated feature film combining live actors with 3D/2D animation, puppets and back projection. It contains three stories: Antonio Cacto, Lighthouse and The Big Man, plus three ultra-short films called Charge the Dragon.  Each episode uses different production technology and is in a different genre, but both their form and their content are related. All the episodes are about double standards and the topics of heroism and death. Something very small meets something very big (a tiny knight meets a huge dragon, an old Mexican goblin meets a man, a tiny Professor meets real-life cows, two mobsters meet the Big Man). All these meetings result in the heroic death of the small principal characters. Each script sees heroism and death differently.  This essential new documentary pays tribute to the legacy of the late, legendary casting director Marion Dougherty and shines a light on one of the most overlooked and least understood crafts in filmmaking. The Feast On Scraps DVD offers a 2002 concert - essentially a live "greatest hits" performance, and behind-the-scenes footgage Alanis describes as "a conceptual scrapbook filled with snapshots of my experiences over the past two years. From writing/recording and producing Under Rug Swept and Feast On Scraps, a show in Rotterdam and other cities around the world." Manhattanite Ashley is known to many as the luckiest woman around. After a chance encounter with a down-and-out young man, however, she realizes that she's swapped her fortune for his. A man who wants a modern girl for a wife unwillingly marries a village girl. What happens when the girl is possessed by the ghost of an aspiring actress? Someone is stealing cheerleaders and other pretty girls and selling them to the highest bidder. Female super sexy spy Ginger is soon employed to investigate the disappearances. She does so by going undercover with a fellow agent and doing whatever is necessary to put an end to the operation and take down the leaders. Josie Laurene is a spy who months ago made a terrible mistake when she let international secrets slip through her fingers. Now, she's on a mission to get them back.  With the holidays approaching, a young party planner arranges a special Christmas party for a New York toy store. When a powerful corporation threatens to shut her down, she decides to follow her heart, moving forward with the party plans and finding true love in time for Christmas. She's Got A Plan directed by and starring Fatima Washington, follows Isis  Angelo,  a struggling female writer-director who gives herself an ultimatum: either make her dream career take off in 30 days or throw in the towel for good. But, will she be able to go against everything she believes to become something she's always wanted to be? Villagers are afraid of Samurai Rauni Reposaarelainen, who keeps them on their toes every day. When someone places a bounty on Rauni's head, he goes after this mysterious person. Adding a little spice to a waning marriage, Anne and Bob, a wealthy and well-connected American couple, move into a manor house in romantic Paris. While preparing a particularly luxurious dinner for sophisticated international friends, our hostess discovers there are 13 guests. Panic-stricken, Anne insists her loyal maid Maria disguise herself as a mysterious Spanish noble woman to even out the numbers. But a little too much wine and some playful chat lead Maria to accidentally endear herself to a dandy British art broker. Their budding romance will have Anne chasing her maid around Paris and finally plotting to destroy this most unexpected and joyous love affair. Raul, Eduardo and Santiago have led a happy and "straight" life since their childhood, until, one day, Santiago confesses to them that he is gay. Set over three summers at The Westival, a fictional West Australian rural folk festival redoubtable local radio personality 'Queenie' describes as "Australia in a tent". Two young musicians fall in love against a wider collection of tales dealing with a microcosm of contemporary discussion points, including Indigenous, immigration and refugee issues. A young man concocts a scheme to marry a reluctant fellow student, but finds the task more difficult than it first appeared. A Tyrolean Production. Three men, a life coach and the search for an appropriate therapy. A U.I.C. production. Animation starring Jerry the Troublesome Tyke - a cartoon dog. C/U of the artist (Sid Griffiths?) sitting at a desk with a small easel standing on top of it. He folds up a piece of paper and places it inside a book. He then puts a pen in an ink pot but before he begins drawing he looks at the image already on the paper. There is a folded screen on the piece of paper. A sign is hung from the screen which reads: "Not to be disturbed." Growling noises emerge from behind the screen. Sid scratches his head. He puts his hand on the paper and "moves" the screen to reveal Jerry sitting in an armchair. "Leave me alone - I'm FED UP!" yells Jerry. He curls his lip at Sid then paces backwards and forwards across the piece of paper. "I'm sick of this quiet life - why can't we do a cowboy film?" says Jerry.  An unemployed Brit vents his rage on unsuspecting strangers as he embarks on a nocturnal London odyssey.  Just as she is recovering from a breakdown, Anna's world is rocked when her younger sister gets engaged. She teams up with the alcoholic best man to break up the engagement, convinced they are trying to save her sister, his best friend, and themselves from a lifetime of misery. Nick, a Hollywood screenwriter, discovers his cat has become murderously possessed, and will stop at nothing to rid him of any women in his life. As his life unravels out of control, Nick must find a way to have his kitty exorcised of the demonic spirit haunting her and creating a body count. Manel, a physicist working on his PhD thesis, accidentally fall in love with Elena, a young model and aspiring actress. A break up causes an impulsive young man named Carl to reside in the woods. There, he reflects on himself, his past life, and has a psychedelic awakening. Karna from a small town has joined this engineering college and he gangs up with his hostel mates Loki, Alexander, Manja and others to fuel a lot of mischief in the college. Twelve short films, twelve portraits of the city of San Sebastian. Bad People is a dark comedy feature film that begs us to laugh at the absurdity that is all around us: crack smoking politicians, prostitutes turned reality stars, religious charlatans, sex obsessed online dating, elitist parents, infidelity, and political correctness. Told through the lens of several short stories, the film examines the hysterical dark side that permeates our society today. A playboy finds himself in a spot of bother when he falls in love with the right girl. Four high school friends plan to ride out their senior year taking easy classes, including a program for housing foreign exchange students and eventually all attending Ohio State. Hurdles befall each of the four: grades, higher aspirations, love. Is it the Foreign Exchange students that learn from their host or the hosts that do more of the learning? Based partially on the story of Bonnie and Clyde, Eddie Taylor is an ex-convict who cannot get a break after being released from prison. When he is framed for murder, Taylor is forced to flee with his wife Joan Graham and baby. While escaping prison after being sentenced to death, Taylor becomes a real murderer, condemning himself and Joan to a life of crime and death on the road. A wayward youth of a rich father, Jomon is a carefree youngster who doesn't care about 'being responsible enough' for his age. When the family lands in a financial soup out of the blue, a different side of the youngster surprisingly emerges.   Toc Toc is a 2017 Spanish comedy film directed by Vicente Villanueva. The movie follows the adventures and misadventures of a group of patients with OCD dated at the same time. Four best friends search for a legendary jazz musician on Central Avenue, Los Angeles in 1959. Nobody knows where they came from. They parasitize in human beings, take control of them and change their bodies into hideous monsters (Necro-borg). The Necro-borg fight each other until the other dies. Where did they come from? To what end? Yuji and Kaoru, whom both have dark secrets within themselves, get caught up in the horrific battles of Necro-borg. What will their fate be? Loic Le Tallec never really took care of his son. When the latter disappears in a road accident, Loic is devastated. He has only one idea in mind: to find the one who lives now with the heart of his son. He falls on Hugo, a young man that this brand new heart makes totally unreasonable and uncontrollable. Their meeting promises to be explosive. Andy is a front desk clerk with a little ambition until he finds his muse. Hayley is a beautiful shampoo girl chasing big dreams in NYC. When their worlds collide in a hapless run-in, the starstruck lovers assume false identities and follow the script of life from the same self-improvement book which lead to potentially bigger problems than they could have ever dreamed. With disarming wit and hilarious visuals, A Town Called Panic: Double Fun revels in the simple setup of three plasticine toys sent on increasingly surreal and freewheeling adventures. Cowboy and Indian are always up to some harebrained scheme, with Horse left to clean up the mess. In Christmas Panic, their out-of-control antics lead Horse to call Santa and cancel the presents. But the boys figure they can still save Christmas... if they break into their neighbor's house to steal his yule log! In Back to School Panic, a class assignment yields a special prize, but only Pig knows the answer. Cowboy and Indian use a special shrinking potion to sneak into Pig's brain, where they discover a sodium-packed world of pig cops riding in bacon cars and sausage cycles. Poor Herbert...if only the brain tumor had killed him... A charming dark comedy with a vintage vibe. A wife and son live it up while their miser-rat of a husband/father lies in a hospital bed--death by brain tumor imminent. It's all fun and games until he experiences a miraculous 4th of July recovery. A young woman tired of being the rebound girl makes rules for herself to avoid that situation. But she is immediately challenged when she makes a connection with another heartbroken young man. Pepe has left the psychiatric hospital after serving time for stealing to work. Only the solidarity of Antonio, a disabled activist, allows him to build a fragile life on which to project his weak hopes. Nevertheless, his need to fit in a senseless world becomes a desperate chore. The horizon of his long-awaited "normality" proves unreachable. The relationship with Antonio interpellates his view of life, inviting him to recognize himself as an anomaly and invent a new madness in which to live. When Jay and Annie first got together, their romantic connection was intense - but ten years and two kids later, the flame of their love needs a spark.  To kick things up a notch, they decide - why not? - to make a video of themselves trying out every position in The Joy of Sex in one marathon three-hour session.  It seems like a great idea - until they discover that their most private video is no longer private.  With their reputations on the line, they know they're just one click away from being laid bare to the world... but as their race to reclaim their video leads to a night they'll never forget, they'll find that their video will expose even more than they bargained for. Grasp the Nettle follows the exploits of a ragtag band of land rights activists in London as they struggle against corporations, government, police - and themselves - in their efforts to create alternative communities outside the framework of consumer society. When an eco-village pops up on a piece of disused land in West London , film-maker Dean Puckett (The Crisis of Civilization) gives up everything - his flat, job and normal life - to live among its eclectic inhabitants in an effort to understand what makes them tick. A mere decade after the Heptigalaxial Cosmic Eternity War, the Kingdom of the Seven Galaxies is once again on the precipice of oblivion. The evil Zargantian prince Adorastius has escaped his icy incarceration and threatens all known existence with the most fantastical yet calamitous power imaginable. The provocative tale of a woman who snaps under crushing life pressures and assumes the psyche of a vicious dog. Her philandering, absentee husband is forced to become reacquainted with his four children and sister-in-law as they attempt to keep the family together during this bizarre crisis. 'Colkatay Columbus' is a satirical film which is set in present day, modern Kolkata. Where people are busy with their own lives and struggles, which leaves them in constant need of a rescuer or a hero who will be there for them in their time of need.  In Colkatay Columbus, writer and director Saurav Palodhi has shown how everyone, from the ordinary person to a legend, is in search of something.  The story unfolds through an encounter of Columbus and two boys in Kolkata. When Columbus somehow lands up in Kolkata in 2016, he is surprised to see that everyone is in search of something. He is in search of roads that would lead him back home while the boys are in search for Columbus to get him to offer tips on attaining success. Columbus starts doling out suggestions to the boys but is also put off by the "competition". On 9 May a German comes to Russia to marry the Russian beauty Alena, whom he had met in Berlin. The happy couple goes to the village to meet the bride's relatives. However, Alena's former husband Tolya is also on the way there: he has unexpectedly decided to get his wife back. Everything turns out as a romantic rivalry, which involves - apart from Tolya and Helmut - their friends, relatives, and the other inhabitants of the village: the businessman Yerofeev who has bought a house in the neighbourhood; a lost tank-man; and even a kite - they all meddle in the events. A man gets trapped in a situation and his three friends try to rescue him. It later snowballs into the issue of an entire village.  On an impulse, 60 year old Charlotte leaves her husband stranded at a gas station in the middle of nowhere. A deep and driven instinct has her setting off, away from her old mundane life as a grandmother, a mother, a wife, and towards a new and different life. Little does she know that her granddaughter, Jo, a wonderfully whimsical child, is hiding in the back of the car. Charlotte's spontaneous escape triggers off a journey, not only for her and her granddaughter, but also for her husband Paul and daughter Alex. As Paul and Alex pursue Charlotte and Jo across the countryside, they stumble into their own mishaps, self discoveries and emotional confrontations. Koroli Nair, the sole child of a London based business tycoon, settles in Delhi to fulfil her 'pursuit of happiness'. Much to her dad's disappointment,she has no interest in upgrading herself as an entrepreneur & wants to settle down with a man and be a mother to her future kids. She teaches English at the British Council in New Delhi which makes her feel content & satisfied in her own way. Afraid to face upcoming parenthood and the ultimate deadline for his long-awaited novel, a once-promising writer develops a crush on a defiant muse, the 16-year-old girl next door, and escapes into a second adolescence, alienating his partner and those who care about him. Even in modern-day Taipei, women feel the societal pressure to get married and have children before the clock runs out. Thankfully, there is a solution: freeze your eggs and prolong your fertility until the right one comes along! Starring Ariel Lin, the film is a glimpse of what millions of working women struggle with: finding the balance between pursuing a career and marriage. Sanjay (Pawan Kalyan) falls in love with Indu (Kamalini Mukherjee). Her father Rammohan Reddy (Prakash Raj) doesnt approve of it & she is married to someone else. Later, Bhagyamathi (Ileana) falls for him & he goes to meet her father who turns out to be Rammohan Reddy. Somewhere in between Sanjays life as a naxal is depicted. A remake of a funny quack doctor who was originally portrayed by the late comedian Chiquito in 1979. Its a story of the quack doctor's son and his adventures with the magical bandana. Alan, Dante and Pedro are three friends who grew up together from an early age. One of them ends a long relationship with his girlfriend and remains disconsolate. His two friends decide to lift his spirits by organizing a party. Khoziaika bol'shogo, no rasstroennogo pomest'ia Meropiia Murzavetskaia derzhit vsiu svoiu votchinu v zheleznom kulake: ne spuskaet lesti, podkhalimstva i slyvet na vsiu okrugu sviatoi strogoi blagodetel'nitsei. No i u nee est' svoia slabost' -- plemiannik Appolosha, propoitsa i neudavshiisia khokhmach, vygnannyi s voennoi sluzhby za melkie pakosti. Chtoby popravit' svoio polozhenie i nakonets-to pristroit' plemiannika, Meropiia reshaet zhenit' ego na bogatoi sosedke, khoroshen'koi vdovushke Evlampii Kupavinoi, i radi etogo idet na cheredu podlogov i lzhi. Nesmotria na to, chto Appolon vmesto reshitel'nogo predlozheniia ruki i serdtsa lish' zanimaet u Kupavinoi piat' rublei na <<tabachok-s>>, zadumka Murzavetskoi blizka k zaversheniiu, i naivnaia ovechka Evlampiia so vsem svoim kapitalom i neob'iatnymi lesami pochti okazyvaetsia v pasti despotichnoi pomeshchitsy. No kogda Murzavetskaia uzhe ne somnevaetsia v uspekhe svoei afery, poiavliaetsia Vasilii Berkutov, davnii ukhazhior Kupavinoi, prirozhdennyi predprinimatel' i delets... Now retired from the criminal underworld, Loman runs a bed and breakfast with his loud, boisterous family. The plot is built around various domestic situations - a relationship crisis between Loman's daughter Jin and her partner Xiao Ho, as well as unresolved issues between David's wife and her younger sister Hottie. Hong Kong's big boss Brother Tien soon arrives to meddle in everyone's affairs. The story of the day, from early morning to night, of Mary, a confused but dynamic woman who pursues her career as an actress, but is lost in the fragmentation of the Roman daily. A newspaper that revolves around what seems to be the only source of livelihood for the Eternal City: tourism. Let's see Maria run from the theaters to check-in at the tourists and from check-in to screening in a frenzy that will blur in comical and grueling situations. Notorious gangster, Pat Tate, rises through the ranks of Essex's criminal underworld. A prequel to the 'Rise of the Footsoldier' franchise. Ronnie lost her brother, Faye lost her first love. These two best friends take off on a debaucherous road trip to the mountains to get over the death of the guy they both loved. The six-member crew of the International Space Station is tasked with studying a sample from Mars that may be the first proof of extra-terrestrial life, which proves more intelligent than ever expected. Seon-mi (Koo Ji-sung) hands a name card to Joo-hee (Ha Na-kyeong) who is about to get married, saying that she'll be able to feel sexual satisfaction like never before. Joo-hee experiences something new and starts expressing her rising emotions to her fiance despite the time and place. Unlike Joo-hee who is enjoying this, Min-woo is getting tired. He tries to satisfy her to the best of his abilities and even asks for advice from friends but it's not enough. What is that place that has her upside down like this? A woman at the age of 50 moves back in with her parents after her husband leave her for a younger woman.  A sexy comedy about a professor and his female student.   Three college students, Phil, Ed, and Henry take a road trip into Mexico for a week of drinking and carefree fun only to have Phil find himself a captive of a group of satanic Mexican drug smugglers who kill tourists and whom are looking for a group of new ones to prepare for a sacrifice. Spending Thanksgiving with the Moretti's Three estranged friends are going to be forced to gather very much to their regret ... Axel (Santiago Segura), a very particular Spaniard, decides to undertake the search of his former companions in Buenos Aires. 25 years ago they formed a musical group that was about to be famous but for mysterious reasons never it succeeded.  Now Axel is going to have to rediscover himself with Javier (Diego Peretti), a teacher who fails to communicate with his teenage son, and Lucas (Diego Torres), a presumed lawyer who loses his job overnight. A double challenge awaits them: to be the band that always dreamed and as if it were little to solve their calamitosas lives.  Lucia and Maria are two best friends, who have known each other from the beginning of their life, but have very different tastes and behaviors. Lucia is done with men, Maria, on the contrary, cannot be without one. One night, the perfect man shows up in Maria's bed: handsome, sensible, mature and passionate.The next morning brings up misunderstandings and lies which make the two friends split up and take a break for themselves. Maybe that young man met by chance is really the one every woman is looking for, because with his simple theories he manages to paint the perfect picture of the two women's lives. An aggressive race of aliens took over Planet Earth and humanity's at its end, living in giant bunkers below ground. Young Military rookie S.U.M.1 (Iwan Rheon) is sent to the surface to save a group of unprotected survivors. A deadbeat drunk and a junkie hooker join forces to take on the city, each other, and their own personal shortcomings while trying to scam $98 for bus tickets out of town. The "Tucci" are a poor Italian family living in a small village in Lazio. Father, mother, a conceited daughter and a genius son, forced to pretend being stupid to keep up with the family. One day something unexpected happens: the family wins one hundred million Euros. Excited, they decide to keep the winning a secret, but as soon as a single word slips out from the mouth of the householder, they only have one choice to avoid being persecuted by friends and acquaintances: run away. They leave at night, heading to Milan. They will realize as soon as they arrive that today's rich people behaves very differently from the past, and being rich has become a real bother... this discovery will make things way different from what Tuccis' expected. Three families compete for a camping spot during a busy Fourth of July holiday weekend. Love ignites on the biggest art fair in the world as artists struggle between fame and romance in the hottest city on the planet: Miami. Fitness buff Hutch Daily is a foul-mouthed 27 year-old with the maturity of a pre-teen. After refusing to find employment or his own apartment, his mom gives him two choices: move to the homeless shelter or work at his uncle's fat camp. Though he thinks fatties are disgusting, Hutch finds himself supervising an irreverent group of chunky boys, who ultimately help him grow up. A chasm opens in the relationship between two brothers (Nara Rohit, Naga Shourya) after they both fall in love with the same woman (Regina Cassandra). A precocious orphan from Central Asia comes to America to find his long lost mother. Along the way he befriends a down on his luck small time hustler, and together they set in motion a daring scheme to solve all their problems. However, things don't go according to plan. A young boy comes of age in the most peculiar of circumstances. Tonight is the very first time his Papa and Grandpa are taking him to work. In an old wooden boat they row far out to sea, and with no land in sight, they stop and wait. A big surprise awaits the boy as he discovers his family's most unusual line of work. Should he follow the example of his Papa, or his Grandpa? Will he be able to find his own way in the midst of their conflicting opinions and timeworn traditions? Faced with unfortunate complications beyond her control, go-getter events manager Andi Medina has no other person to turn to. She is then forced to reconnect with her ex-boyfriend, cosmetic surgeon Max Labarador. Much to Andi's shock, Max is already in a three-year live-in relationship with pediatric oncologist Christian Pilar. With nowhere else to go and left with no other options, she agrees to live with the couple - both parties agreeing into a deal that will change the course of their lives and hearts. Seventeen-year-old Stella spends most of her time in the hospital as a cystic fibrosis patient. Her life is full of routines, boundaries and self-control -- all of which get put to the test when she meets Will, an impossibly charming teen who has the same illness. There's an instant flirtation, though restrictions dictate that they must maintain a safe distance between them. As their connection intensifies, so does the temptation to throw the rules out the window and embrace that attraction. Just when covert assassin Eddie Jones (Courtney B. Vance) decides to ditch his dangerous job to settle down with his girlfriend, his superiors convince him to kill a renegade drug cartel hit man -- leading to nothing but trouble. Complicating matters is Eddie's vow of celibacy and the fact that Lois is unaware of his murderous lifestyle. Jason Alexander, Ed Asner, Regina King and Kathleen Turner co-star in this screwball romantic comedy. After his father's death, a young man searches to find who his dad was only to stumble onto himself. After accidentally killing a bearded goat with their father's pick-up truck, two incompatible siblings in their teenage years, embark on a journey of reconciliation. Christy Lam is a smart worker who always performs professional in her job field. However, Christy has to deal with various internal conflicts, with her career, love issues and physical states in turning 30. She has just reached a low ebb at this stage.  Wong Tin Lok, an optimistic girl that turning into 30 too. As Wong's mother passed away when she was young, so Wong has to live life all on her own. Wong is working as a sales in a CD shops with low income, and doesn't even find the Mr. Right yet. However, Wong still stay positive and plan to visit Paris in fulfilling her dream.  These two girls share the same birth date but with different personality. After Lam moves to live with Wong, occurs subtle changes begin in their life. The story is set in 1947, following a long-retired Holmes living in a Sussex village with his housekeeper and rising detective son. But then he finds himself haunted by an unsolved 50-year old case. Holmes' memory isn't what it used to be, so he only remembers fragments of the case: a confrontation with an angry husband, a secret bond with his beautiful but unstable wife.  A smart finger movie about adult rated romance between young men and women who have total control over SNS. Mo Geumsan (48) is a barber living in the rural area, who once aspired to be an actor. He starts to have doubts about his humdrum life after the village health center advises him to be examined at a larger hospital. He comes up with a plan to give a gift to his beloved ones in the coming Christmas. The plan is to invite everyone to the local culture center and to screen his self-made comedy movie based on his own tragic life. Adventure, romance, and the resplendent cultural flavor of Tijuana permeate the air in this spirited, high-energy and imaginative film. When Alejandro, a Chicano Studies professor from Los Angeles, finds himself stranded in the unpredictable border town on New Year's Eve, a surprise encounter with a former student leads to a night he'll never forget. Uptight Millie Haven has always followed the rules, but when she has doubts before her big Kansas City wedding, her attitude-prone little sister Emma, the least likely of heroes, comes to the rescue. They embark on a  spontaneous roadtrip to their grandmother's farm where, with the help of Grandma Mildred, they rediscover their bond. "YouthMin" is a mockumentary following an attention seeking youth pastor and his small group of Christian teens at Bible camp. A midwestern teacher questions his sexuality after a former student makes a comment about him at the Academy Awards. Four different love stories are intertwined and played by the same cast  Sheela Chacko's leads a regular life as a mother, wife and a college lecturer. All this turns around when she learns about a serious affliction facing her. The comedy-drama carries on about how her insecure husband and her three children react to the enfolding situation. Reims, France, 1969. Paul Coutard is a 30-year-old sports journalist at daily newspaper Le Champenois. Charming, childish and a womanizer, he does exactly what he pleases. Then one day, his boss forces him to plan the newspaper's annual fair together with Emmanuelle Bruno, the discreet and beautiful executive assistant. Paul has the crazy idea to organize a women's football match for the first time. With Emmanuelle's help, the project grows to unexpected proportions, as does their romance. Three artist friends - a cartoonist re-assessing his life after a near-death experience, a guitarist overwhelmed by his girlfriend's personal baggage, and a bassist emerging from a long-term relationship - reconcile their artistic ambitions with their own personal demons. Panchayat Secretary Ullahanan leads a monotonous life till a college reunion rekindles excitement in his 20-year-old marital life and infuses in him a renewed sense of purpose and love for everything that he once took for granted.  The remarkable true story of Darius McCollum, a man with Asperger's syndrome whose overwhelming love of transit has landed him in jail 32 times for the criminal impersonation of NYC subway drivers, conductors, token booth clerks, and track repairmen. The climate conditions for Egypt Changing to turn into a full frost, and a group of intelligence officers decides to travel to "Italy" on a mission to get the device that has the ability to turn off the frost by Impersonating a film team figures. Written by Waleed El Kady Dan Warner is a desaturator, tasked with sapping beauty from the world in a future where Color is used as energy. When his superiors suspect that he may secretly be hoarding color in order to support his "unhealthy" passion for drawing, Dan is reassigned to the outer precincts where he is faced with a decision that will decide the course of his future. Adah and Aaron are recovering addicts who are struggling to stay sober. After meeting in their psychoanalyst's waiting room, they fall in love, relapse on poppers, and become the biggest assholes in New York City. "A Motion Selfie" is one-of-a-kind DIY filmmaking: a darkly comic chronicle following a year in the life of a washed-up viral video star and the sexually depraved stalker who becomes obsessed with his work. A young man with a talent for music meets an aspiring singer, Apollonia, and finds that talent alone isn't all that he needs. Making good on a promise he made to his dying wife, a widower (Jones) opens a reading room, a place where people can learn to read. Despite his goodwill, problems in the neighborhood threaten his establishment. A smugglers gang is active on the Austrian-Swiss border. Until now, no one has come to their attention. But one day a little girl gets seriously ill and needs medical attention; the young operator will forget that he has to be careful and calls for help through the secret channel. (filmvandaag.nl) Hosted by NBC News investigative journalist Stephanie Gosk, this brand new two-hour special will offer an intimate look into the life of Joe DeAngelo, the suspect in custody, through new and exclusive interviews from those who were closest to him and offering a gripping depiction of the prime suspect in a decades-long manhunt. To his family, friends, and former colleagues, DeAngelo lived the life of the classic "average Joe" - a father, grandfather, veteran, and even former police officer. DeAngelo now stands accused of being the man behind one of the most ruthlessly enduring crime sprees of all time and is believed to have raped more than 45 women and murdered at least 12 people. He is currently charged with 12 counts of first degree murder and has so far not entered a plea. Joining Gosk is Bay Area detective Paul Holes, who helped search for the Golden State Killer for nearly a quarter-century and played a key role in the arrest of Joe DeAngelo.  Brothers from other mothers, from different sides of the world, with different opinions on damn near everything, travel in a dusty old Subaru, coast to coast across the fantastic and fantastically flawed United States of America. After six months with her Tinder guy, an indecisive millennial must overcome the high life expectations she's built from social media to decide today: either take a last-minute voyage, or settle down into a career and relationship with him. A brother and sister become consumed with investigating a mysterious woman they suspect has stolen their winning lottery ticket, endangering their summer party plans. When a man and a woman swap jobs and cities temporarily, they face many problems large and small, but their phone calls develop into romance. Unfolding through a course of a night in Mumbai, Kaalakaandi showcases three parallel tracks -- a man who discovers he has terminal illness decides to let go of his principles and live a little; a woman involved in a hit-and-run seeks redemption and two goons must decide if they can trust each other. Aaron, Vinny and Cooper are dead broke and ready to give up on their pursuit of becoming big shot filmmakers. Desperate to keep the dream alive, they turn to crowdfunding for their first feature film and raise $75,000 dollars. However, they are overtaken by greed and instead blow the money on frivolous luxuries. Now they must face the consequences, including some shady acquaintances interested in their fortune, and an onslaught of angry donors who have been deceived. A journalist from Warsaw travels to Silesia and manages to find a tenement house full of exceptional inhabitants. A child has no memory of his dead father, but every day he spends hours on his grave. A chance meeting between an Assistant Scientist, Shekar, and an established stage dancer and singer, Anjana, results in love. While Shekar has a mother who lives separately, Anjana has been orphaned at an early age. Shekar's mom approves of Anjana, and both get married. Anjana stops her involvement in dancig and singing, and both spent the next several months on relative harmony. Then Anjana finds that Shekar is spending more and more time in the laboratory than with her, and she decides to take up dancing and singing, which does not auger well with Shekar. Arguments ensue, and both decide to live separately. When Shekar's mom comes to visit Shekar, both he and Anjana compromise to live together to fool his mother. Will they succeed in pulling wool over her eyes? The Fixies are little creatures that, unseen by humans, help them maintain their appliances - and generally make sure things don't fall apart... Until an unexpected occurrence of gargantuan proportions threatens to reveal the Fixies' existence! Underwater Flights is comprised of ten film short stories that depict events occurring between 1820 and 1940. This was a time when clever men invented flying machines, submarines started traveling underwater, warships were built in Tallinn, bombs were thrown from zeppelins and planes started to fly across oceans. These stories about wild times and creative people are told by film newsreels, private letters, intelligence reports and bedtime stories... EDGING is a chamber dramedy about the brink of adulthood and how quickly it comes.  Jordan is throwing a housewarming party but isn't really around to enjoy it. A Costa Rican motorcycle messenger leads a simple life of hanging out with his delivery crew and meeting up with his girlfriend, but life takes a comedic turn when they lose their jobs and must find a new way to stay together. The journey of an aspiring writer struggling to publish his first novel. Rock band Rimba Bara continues to struggle in the music industry that is full of political games. Meanwhile, Jijoe comes across rock queen Ella in a recording studio and falls in love with her. Jijoe loves her so much that he is willing to leave behind his rock music life and become an F-class contractor so that he will have a more secure life. This causes Rimba Bara to fall apart and various conflicts arise. Pranksters, performers, and provocateurs take to the streets to engage in social critique through imaginative guerrilla art. Through media hoaxes, billboard alteration, and even pants-less subway rides, these radical jesters taunt mainstream media and challenge the increasingly private use of public space. Behind every prank is a purpose - to use humor to make people question a culture where ideas and values are often fashioned by the media and through habits of consumption. The stranger-than-fiction true story of George Lazenby, a poor Australian car mechanic who, through an unbelievable set of circumstances, landed the role of James Bond despite having never acted a day in his life. Kylie, a wedding planner, has had a string of boyfriends who have all turned out to be gays, including Benj. Eventually, the two became best friends and business partners. When Diego, Benj's childhood friend, resurfaces and asks them to plan his wedding, Kylie sets out to prove that she's right again--that Diego, is indeed another closet case. Will she succeed? A womanizing man-child binges on sex and alcohol, experiments with ayahuasca for addiction therapy and comes to terms with past mistakes. A series of collective dreams of a transworldly being visits a myriad of characters, revealing their subconscious desires. The Fouches, an Afrikaans family, arrive at the ATKV Buffelspoort resort for the holidays, only to find that their regular caravan spot has been taken over by the Khumalos. Much hilarity ensues as the two families engage in madcap tit-for-tat exchanges and shenanigans. Meanwhile the owner of the site is hoping to gain an extra star on his rating, with inspections due shortly.  The last thing he needs is the chaos of two families fighting An enthralling montage of moments of cinema-going extracted from movie history exploring the entire film-going experience: underage boys attempting to get in to a cinema to see some bare flesh; pretentious debates in the queues; loading choc ices into trays, and of course the trailers and the main feature. Films from every genre play as lovers meet, criminals hide in the dark and rapt audiences watch on. After winning over the staff and students of Milford High School, chemistry teacher Richard Martinez aka Bianca Del Rio sent her nemesis Vice Principal Deborah "Debbie" Ward to jail in a flawlessly executed plan. When Debbie is released from jail, she conjures up a scheme to do away with Bianca Del Rio once and for all, by luring her on a dangerous journey to Russia to accept a teaching award and cash prize. Directed by Ahmad Idham, the film is about four middle-aged friends who share the same interest, which is riding motorcycles. The film follows the journey of these four old-school riders as they compete in motorcycle races. Film follows two friends attempting to rob a petrol station, but are so useless that they end up working there all night. Old Tucker Herman is told that he'll not be the one to light the tree at this year's tree lighting ceremony. Instead he must 'pass the torch' to either his son or son-in-law. Tucker hatches a dark scheme that pits two families against each other, the victor inheriting his substantial fortune. Comical shenanigans ensue as both families find themselves embroiled and entwined in each other's lives and ultimately deaths. As ghosts they must see the error of their ways and learn to get along, before the end of the tree lighting ceremony, or else be forced to do it all again. This dark Shakespearean comedy will tickle your other funny bone. A man who wants a modern girl for a wife unwillingly marries a village girl. What happens when the girl is possessed by the ghost of an aspiring actress? Painting is an unacceptable vocation for a woman in provincial Germany in the year 1900, but budding artist Paula Becker is determined to make her own rules. Kavalam Jimmy and Vattathil Bosco are rivals from their school days and Minnal Simon always tries to benefit from this situation.Three of them have their own intentions and they back stab each other to attain their own aims. The movie was inspired by Hiroshima prefectural government's marital activity "Koinowa Project" which is practiced as part of countermeasures against the declining birthplace. Joshua, an 80-year old Holocaust survivor, discovers one morning, that a cellular antenna was installed on the roof of his house. It turned out that his neighbor has rented his part of the rooftop to a cellular company. Joshua feels a terrible injustice was done. He starts believing that all his diseases and pains are caused by the antenna's radiation. Joshua obsessively starts feeling the radiation everywhere and develops a persecution disorder which risks his life. He goes to war against his neighbor. His wife Sarah, and his 3 adult sons are dragged unwillingly into this vortex. The crisis reveals the personal problems of each of his sons, and they are forced to deal with their father's dark shadow. An elderly, yet young-at-heart man, moves in with his grandson, and both their lives turn upside-down. A couple who have known each other since 8 are destined to be together until death do them apart. Reeling from his mother's death and his father's abandonment, Zach, an All-State athlete, finds glory on the football field, working to earn a college scholarship and the brothers' ticket out of town. When a devastating injury puts Zach--and his dreams--on the sidelines, David laces up his track cleats to salvage their future and point Zach toward hope. Ridwan Imam Fadli, called Imam by his friends, has a very Islamic name buat doesn't fulfill his responsibilities as a Muslim. His girlfriend Widya has already finished college and is working. They've been dating four years and have been waiting for Imam to graduate so they can get married, though he keeps failing to advance. Imam's not happy with the way Widya has to behave at work.  When Imam accompanies his friend Billy to Sam Po Khong in Semarang, he meets Chen Jia Li, a muslim girl from China whose on vacation before her planned marriage to Ma Fu Hsien, owner of an Islamic and Wing Chun boarding school in Beijing. Imam starts to fall for the hijab wearing Chen Jia Li because of her friendliness and grace. Imam feels comfortable with Chen Jia Li. She never forces, tells, or even asks why Imam doesn't pray. For her, Imam's willingness to worship has to come from within. Ghantaa (Marathi: ghNttaa) is a 2016 Indian Marathi language comedy film produced and directed by Shailesh Shankar Kale.The movie stars Amey Wagh, Aroh Welankar and Saksham Kulkarni in the lead roles.  The film is based on the antics of three young men who end up in trouble while betting on cricket matches. Ghantaa was released on 14 October 2016 in India. Arata Kaizaki is 27-years-old and unemployed. He quit his prior job after working for the company for 3 months. Arata Kaizaki decides to take part in a research program. He takes medication that makes him look younger and he is to attend high school for a year. There, he falls in love with female high school student Chizuru Hishiro. Amin, an aspiring screenwriter living in Paris, returns home for the summer, to a fishing village in the South of France. It is a time of reconnecting with his family and his childhood friends. Together with his cousin Tony and his best friend Ophelie, he spends his time between the Tunisian restaurant run by his parents, the local bars and the beaches frequented by girls on holiday. Enchanted by the many female characters who surround him, Amin remains in awe of these summer sirens while his dionysiac cousin throws himself into their carnal delights with euphoria. Armed with his camera and guided by the bright simmer light of the Mediterranean coast, Amin pursues his philosophical quest while gathering inspiration for his screenplays. When it comes to love, only Mektoub ('destiny' in Arabic) can decide. We've all seen on television the weirdly enthusiastic people selling once-in-a-lifetime-deal jewelry, invisible bras and magical sports equipment that can give you a flat belly. This film delves into the heart of it as protagonist Sue (Bianca Bai, Bai Xin Hui ) loses her job as a marketing and communications specialist and ends up working as a salesperson at Carrefour. Shy and awkward in the beginning, Sue learns how to make people buy things through a series of bizarre events and eventually becomes the alpha on a television shopping channel. When Mark Myers and Zane Daniels meet each has yet to find ONE THING that makes them even remotely interesting. Together, they will embark on a journey most people will never take. A journey inward, to find their one true talent. A wanna-be author feels pressured to move beyond her meandering writing career and get a more stable job. She decides to organize a Shakespeare festival, a plan that could have tricky ramifications for her marriage. A camera crew follows two "undecided" voters along the actual campaign trail, and no Presidential candidate - on either side of the aisle - is spared. Shimiko is a time traveler from the future looking for her father who turns out to be a gay transvestite in the past. She must figure a way to make him straight and attracted to women so that he can become her future father. But she is not supposed to meddle with the past like this and a time cop is on her heels to apprehend her back to her own time. Martin is a young Argentinean piano virtuoso and composer. For four years, he has been a patient of El Borda psychiatric hospital. Music filled up his life. Now he is trying to return to life outside the asylum walls, while working on his new opus, "Enfermaria". An officially "dead" cop is trained to become an extraordinary unique assassin in service of the US President. After losing her daughter in an accident, Carmen loses all incentive to keep going, until she receives an unexpected letter from the adoption agency: her daughter was finally granted the Vietnamese girl she had asked for adoption and whose name is Thi Mai.  On December 10, 2010, Sotheby's auctioned off what could be considered the most important historical document in sports history -- James Naismith's original rules of basketball. "There's No Place Like Home" is the story of one man's fanatical quest to win this seminal American artifact at auction and bring the rules "home" to Lawrence, Kansas, where Naismith coached and taught for over 40 years. A young teacher discovers that her troubled student's father and younger brother harbor a deadly supernatural secret. Taking the boy into her care, the teacher must fight for their survival against horrors beyond imagination. An unlikely friendship emerges between a man ready to end his life and a waitress who takes pity on him. They spend a weekend plotting silly vengeful pranks until it is no longer fun and games. Due to poor business performance, a small hotel is being sold to an international buyer. Employees do not want to lose their jobs, so they take things into their own hands and try to sabotage the sale of the hotel. The film addresses issues related to the younger generation in politics, and argues that one need not have a problem with dynastic politics, if the heirs are worthy and manage to prove their eligibility. A young and talented photographer and videomaker decides to lose his virginity as a birthday present to himself. As some twisted logic suggests, he invites a girl, whom he barely knows, and two of her friends. It takes some time for the girls to realise that the night ahead of them will be bloodcurdling. A "Cinema, de notre temps" series episode directed by french filmmaker Estelle Fredet, originally aired 19 September 2014.  Cheated by a big shot, four individuals team up to give the guy a taste of his own medicine. Nerdy middle schooler Tommy is forced take care of a baby dinosaur after his cloned science fair project hatches early. He quickly begins to think of the creature not only as a pet, but also as a friend. But when the dino escapes on the day of the fair, Tommy must figure out a way to get the creature back before greedy grown-ups get to the dinosaur first. Every day, a young girl wearing a mask stands by the beach and sings a nostalgic melody. After experiencing two sudden heart-wrenching partings when she was only a child, Nino Arisugawa has been singing her songs to the ocean, bound by a promise made with her two childhood friends--her first love, Momo Sakaki, and a boy who composed music, Kanade "Yuzu" Yuzuriha. Having never met each other, the boys both individually promised that if Nino was ever separated from them, her voice would be the beacon to reunite them once again. Broadcasting through a makeshift network of discarded televisions, this story is tangled up in the aftermath of Los Angeles's worst earthquake nightmare. Travel between screens and aftershocks into the twisted lives of the survived. The Rectum Raiders are a Turbo Glam-Metal band who have been together since their early teenage years. Now years later when a grown-up life with responsibilities and full-time jobs come peaking around the corner they give themselves one final shot to get their big breakthrough as a band and fulfill their childhood dreams.    Assassin Robert Rath arrives at a funeral to kill a prominent mobster, only to witness a rival hired gun complete the job for him -- with grisly results. Horrified by the murder of innocent bystanders, Rath decides to take one last job and then return to civilian life. But finding his way out of the world of contract killing grows ever more dangerous as Rath falls for his female target and becomes a marked man himself. In 1984, Midnight Oil released their iconic record Red Sails in the Sunset. They embarked on a relentless tour around the nation performing raw and electrifying music that reignited the imagination of young Australians. That same year, their lead singer Peter Garrett committed to run for a Senate seat for the Nuclear Disarmament Party. With the mounting pressure of balancing the demands of music and politics this is the year that would make, but nearly break, Australia's most important rock and roll band. Thirty years in the making and featuring never seen before seen footage of the band on and off the stage, Midnight Oil: 1984 is the untold story of the year Australia's most iconic rock band inspired the nation to believe in the power of music to change the world. A young boy wins a tour through the most magnificent chocolate factory in the world, led by the world's most unusual candy maker. As a director faces a series of setbacks in life including debt and divorce, his elderly father suddenly regains his youth. A gaunt, middle-aged man barely recovered from a serious illness, an awkward company employee, the hosts' likable son, who comes home late -- each of the men on the terrace are captivated by Haruko's pale, white arms, inflaming the jealousy of the company director's wife. Literary anecdotes abound, as does petty bickering. The masks they've carefully crafted are suddenly torn away, exposing their tainted humanity. Desires, jealousies and secrets are laid bare during 90 minutes on the terrace, culminating in a shocking and not exactly happy ending. Jeong-hwa has sex with various sponsors to maintain her popularity in the show biz where sexual favors are a must to survive. However, her schedules get cancelled while she goes out giving more sexual favors. Then she meets Yuni who became a celebrity because of Jeong-hwa and she tells Yuni what to do to survive in the show biz... Meet innocent Jim, terrified of girls, and on a reluctant quest to prove his manhood the night before he turns 30. He and his cocky friend Alex think they've hit the jackpot when they meet the beautiful siblings Kitty and Lulu, who seem up for anything on a wild party-fuelled night. But little do they know that the femmes fatales want to make Jim lose much more than just his virginity... Getting laid has never been so bloody difficult. Ray, an ex-con and widower, is planning a coin heist with two accomplices to help him to buy his own bakery. However, he doesn't expect his son Timmy, who was living with Ray's sister, to show up at the house right in the middle of planning. Timmy is ignored and Ray and his buddies pull off the heist. Timmy gets his father's attention by stealing the coins and hiding them. To get them back, his father must take him to a number of different places and treat him like he enjoys his presence. They grow fond of each other but Timmy won't stay with his dad unless he gives up the coins. Peggy Mason joins her boyfriend Douglas Wyman at a secluded cabin. When he confesses his love and the fact he is still a married man Peggy is distraught and flees the cabin. But meanwhile Douglas' wife is murdered and when the police arrest him he finds he can't provide an alibi without tarnishing Peggy's reputation. A small Sicilian town elects a new, honest major but quickly learns that playing by the rules is not as easy as it seems Second part(despite the number 3 in the title) of the Lithuanian black comedy about the local police force. Kishan Malhotra finds his life turned upside down, when he returns home one day to find that his place has been taken over by a look-alike imposter. A professional tennis player had his world upside down when his fiancee left him for a rock star. A guy spends an extra year studying for college entrance exams but ends up at a second-rate university, and becomes a musician after randomly getting involved with a misguided university rock 'n roll club. Eventually the guy gets married, has a child, and builds an ordinary life for himself, but he hasn't been able to break off his college romance with Kaoruko, his S&M dominatrix. When he and Kaoruko go off to one especially shitty gig, existential angst erupts and the trajectory of weirdness goes parabolic. This is the story of a fisherman living in the South of Italy, who goes fishing every day with his boat to completely relax for a couple of hours. For a strange twist of fate, one day he falls asleep and he wakes up in the waters of the beautiful and sunny Sicily. Here he will meet new people and among them, Salvo, a young boy who is about to face his future life. Unfortunately he will also be the witness of a murder that will complicate even more his stay on the island. Everything seems to end tragically, when a dramatic turn of events will change this story in a grotesque and comic comedy with romantic implications. George arrives uninvited at his daughter Lily's house. He becomes the life of the party and solves every- one's problems but his own. It's never too late for a coming of age story. A mum to be befriends a young girl who helps her face the unknown. Forced to move back to hometown Windsor, wannabe comedian Moses Kim finds his dreams derailed in his family restaurant. Life gets more complicated when Moses' teenage cousin from Korea unexpectedly shows up. Pray you don't become part of her collection An unlikely heir to a Mexican fast-food franchise goes 'cuisine' hunting for the next culinary big thing, and finds himself in a small, dusty New Mexican town where foodies come from all over to salivate over the culinary treats of a local, authentic, and feisty female chef. The story centers on Ayame and Tsubaki, who are researchers at a lab in the biology department of T University. Ayame is a "returnee," someone who lived abroad for a while and then returned to Japan. He does things at his own pace and is a "dinosaur otaku," and Tsubaki is his older colleague who is an enthusiast of studying the skeletons of birds and dinosaurs. The story follows their slightly strange romantic relationship. Based on the comic by Mai Machi Parn is a stubborn old woman in her 70's whose only pleasure in life is to brag about her son who she single-handedly raised to be a professor. One day, she learns that her son is planning to send her off to a nursing home. While wondering the street in shock and grave disappointment, she is drawn to a mysterious light and walks into a photo studio called 'Chaya Lumruek.' She puts on a makeup for the first time to get her portrait take, but when she leaves she is shocked to see her reflection. Skin fair and supple and slender figure, she's gone back to being a vibrant 20-year-old young woman again! With no one recognizing her, she sees it as a second chance at life and decides to take advantage of her new-found youth that she never got to enjoy in her old days... A man discovers a habited industrial neighbourhood in the wastelands while on the run from creditors. When a foreign film crew inquires about the area for filming, the residents look forward to the business that the new film could bring into the area. However, complications arrive when an old demolition project revives and creditors close in on their chase.   The film tells a story of a young boy, who finds himself in Santa's Workshop and changes completely the old-fashion production process with ultra modern hi-tech production line. Nicholas Cutler is a smart yet self-destructive, once famous novelist who is stuck teaching English to iPhone-addicted teenagers at a working class high school. After writing a trashy zombie story he recaptures the interest of publishers who are willing to give him a second chance as long as he can prove he has cleaned up his act. However, what could have been the best week of his life spirals into chaos and he's forced to finally put others ahead of his selfish dreams. Under the pressure of his boss, a music producer decides to set up a group consisting of a rabbi, a priest and an imam to make them sing the living together. But the religious he recruits are far from being saints ... Kari the babysitter thinks she's in for a night of routine babysitting. She's prepared to provide neurological stimulation with some soothing musical accompaniment for little Jack-Jack, the smallest member of the incredible Parr family. Little does she know that Jack-Jack will teach her a thing or two about babies with "special needs." When two best friends, Bo and Peng get a call from a girl named Mira Idora Senrose and tell them she's been kidnapped and witnessed a gruesome murder by her kidnapper, they work together on a rescue mission with the help of the police. From the outside, the Suhs seem like a loving, cookie-cutter, middle-class family with their lives in perfect order. In reality, everyone is hiding some secrets. The father has the hots for a young grad student. The mother is flirting around with a photographer she's posing for. The daughter is engaged but has a sex partner on the side. The son has a girlfriend, but he's been stalking the same student his father likes! What will happen to this perfect family when the secrets spill? "Panic Attack!" is a hand-drawn animation from the point of view of a woman having a panic attack. I wanted the transitions between reality and her imagined fears to be seamless, so there are no edits -- it is one continually transforming drawing.  -Eileen O'Meara A Christian farmer searching for a higher purpose to life, falls into sin and wakes up as the Prince of Darkness in the city of Stavanger, Norway. When dutiful and loyal Camille decides to go on a road trip down memory lane with her Alzheimer's suffering father, she must learn to let her father go or risk losing her own chance at a life and happiness. A theater is under a curse and when Bakry finds out about it, he tries to avoid it. Carved from a lifetime of experience that runs the gamut from incarceration to liberation, Dog Eat Dog is the story of three men who are all out of prison and now have the task of adapting themselves to civilian life. When home entertainment enters the market in 90s Beijing, a former projectionist ropes his young son into starting their own pirate movie company, but easy money comes with its own price tag. Claire, an ambitious pastry chef, is busy running her new restaurant, but her meddling mom is preoccupied with her lack of love life. Without her knowledge, Claire's mother finds her the perfect man, but when Claire finds out it wasn't fate that brought them together, it could ruin the relationship. In a last ditch effort to save their marriage, Nick and Willa visit a renowned, yet eccentric, couples therapist and embark on a month-long journey of provocative and hilarious sex assignments. Amir Salman Shahrukh is a Bollywood comedy film produced by Raju Rahikwar, lookalike of the king of Bollywood Shah Rukh Khan. It introduces Raju Rahikwar as an actor who is already famous as the lookalike of Shah Rukh Khan. After bonding over their mutual disinterest in relationships, self-proclaimed loners, Beck and Liam, decide to go away together on a 'friend' trip where things get weird. Really, really weird. For the final birthday party of the eldest son, a family gathers in the house to have a plan with a bus..... Mother asks each of them to stay in his room for 10 minutes. Each person reveals personal wounds and secrets. A hapless man seeking treatment for his crippling back pain discovers a very unusual talent and unexpected love.  Following his father's deathbed confession about the location of his last will and testament, Tang Sen (Bai Ke) packs up and heads to India with his friend Wu Kong (Wang Baoqiang) in search of it.  Along the way, the merry duo becomes a motley crew, enlisting a loyal but quirky fighter (Yue Yunpeng) and a cagey but beautiful woman (Liu Yan), all while experiencing the mysteries of a magical land that both helps and hinders them in their quest. A two minute adaptation of on an old ghost story. When a drifter befriends a quirky mortician, an unlikely business partnership is formed. Paranoia soon develops, however, and both men are forced to come to terms with the fragility of friendship and loyalty. Follows a variety of New York characters as they navigate personal relationships and unexpected problems over the course of one day. At Southern Engineering College, Johnny Jaeger and his fraternity brothers in KEG. are going to war with Dean Smuck and his family who are trying to kick the fraternity off campus. Stakes are raised in this comedy when the good bad boy Southerner, Johnny, ironically falls for a true Yankee girl, Prudence Patience Standish, the current girlfriend of the Dean's nephew. Will Johnny be smooth enough to sweep Prudence off her feet, save his fraternity, and take down the Smucks? In an imaginary world where vehicles are the citizens, one underdog cabbie attempts to become king of the road in his hometown, Gasket City. He soon discovers that staying true to oneself is a greater pursuit than personal glory. When threatened by elitist attitudes and mobster trucks, can one unglamorous black and yellow 'local zero' rise to the challenge and become a 'global hero'? A lesbian bachelorette weekend goes awry when one of the brides admits she's never had an orgasm. Documentary approach follows six people (and a robot) who transform their lives using stillness and mindfulness. A short film that shows a mill owner that improves working conditions to improve worker productivity. Mock documentary about an upstart candidate for the U.S. Senate written and directed by actor Tim Robbins. Bob Roberts is a folksinger with a difference: He offers tunes that protest welfare chiselers, liberal whining, and the like. As the filmmakers follow his campaign, Robbins gives needle-sharp insight into the way candidates manipulate the media. When novelist Paula Martin retreats to the seclusion of her family home Crows Hall she hopes to clear her mind and focus on her new book. The arrival of an assistant, Linda, should take the pressure off... but as the bodies pile up, Paula finds herself trapped in a terrifying nightmare of murder and madness. An engineering dropout who traps himself in one trouble or the other, meets a wonderful woman and her cousin who changes his life. Story of five friends Raja (Deepak Raj Giri), Saraswoti (Jeetu Nepal), Magne (Kedar Ghimire) and Buddhi (Buddhi Tamang). Raja is rich but illiterate and enjoys life, and tells his friends to not get married or hold any job. However, he secretly has affairs with married women.Then one day Raja gets married to Champa (Priyanka Karki), and the story enters a serious mode. A story of a fragmented friendship finding new ground, director Daniel Stine's feature film debut Virginia Minnesota begins with a young woman at a crossroads. Her direction in life a question mark, Lyle (Rachel Hendrix) heads off on an impromptu road trip, running into a former friend, Addison (Aurora Perrinau). Addison is also adrift, and the two find themselves on the road together. Separated by a childhood trauma, Addison and Lyle must face their shared history in order to move on as adults. Through the trip they learn not only the influence of their lost friendship on their current lives, but how their new bond will shape their future as young adults. A couple's failing relationship implodes when their mountain cabin accidentally gets double booked. A unique horror film told from the first-person perspective of Grace - a naive, virginal college freshman trying to deal with campus culture and her outgoing roommate as an evil entity takes over her body and unleashes chaos. Writer mom desperately wishing to connect with her precocious daughter joins an unscripted Improv class to learn the art of listening and playing. She discovers that both Improv and motherhood are failure based art forms. Kelor Kirti is a fun filled ride with a bunch of young couples. This comedy of errors involves their fun loving couples round off in a bundle of chaos and misunderstanding,when an enchanting woman enters their lives, leading them to their share of confusion they are all caught up is misunderstanding and humorous situations, which end up in chaos. Two Chicago couples struggle to keep their love alive when secrets and long-simmering resentments rise to the surface. When Iyay, a single mother, learns that her estranged husband has died, she drags the entire family on a road trip from Cebu to Dumaguete to attend the funeral. With her children - Hubert, who has Down Syndrome; Jude, a lovesick transman; Jay, who is living the bum life - as her passengers, Iyay drives her tiny multicab on a journey that yields unexpected stopovers, detours, and revelations. From the same team that brought you "Goodbye Mr Loser" comes the hilarious dark comedy "Mr Donkey".  In order to pay for the donkey that brings them water, a countryside village registers it as a teacher at its local school.  But when the charity group that funds the school visits for an inspection, the village has to find ways to hide their secret. Six young friends in the small town of Angamaly tries their luck by starting a pork business lead by Vincent Pepe. They initially strike a business deal with Rajan and Ravi despite the duo having killed a close friend of theirs in a gang fight. Vincent is in love with Sakhi and plan to immigrate abroad with her. But their plans hit a road bump as the deal with the gangsters hits some road bumps. Moustache Mountain (Trent Seven & Tyler Bate) vs. The Dunne Bros (Damian Dunne & Pete Dunne); Ashton Smith vs. Damon Moser; Jinny vs. Toni Storm; Mark Haskins vs. Morgan Webster; Big Daddy Walter vs. T-Bone; Marty Scurll vs. Tommy End; The Origin (El Ligero & Nathan Cruz) (c) vs. FSU (Eddie Dennis & Mark Andrews) Comrade Krishna Kumar wants to make it big in politics but lacks the ideals a sakhavu should possess. He is ruthless enough to even get rid of friends who might be possible hurdles on his way up. His paths cross with that of a veteran comrade, sakhavu Krishnan and the film depicts how his life influences Krishna Kumar. The sequel to Monster Hunt. Set in a world where monsters and humans co-exist, the franchise tells the story of Wuba, a baby monster born to be king. Wuba becomes the central figure in stopping an all-out monster civil war. A supernatural menace has descended on the peaceful town of Woodsville Center! It's up to Officier Rusty (Matt Farley), his partner Wolf (Jim McHugh, the mysterious newcomer known as The Eastern European (Tom Scalzo), loyal Officer Annabelle (Sharon Scalzo), and their courageous friends to take down this deadly villain! While trying to remain a good husband and father, Superbat and the Avengers of Justice come out of retirement to stop Dark Jokester and Lisp Luthor from freezing the planet. A young doctor, a patient in a coma, and the manager of a nursing home negotiate a series of hilarious events. A young couple in London struggle to live with their estranged aunt and uncle, who overstay their welcome. A pair of bank robbers knock off Bohemian tenants in search for their stolen loot. Having found her husband with a mistress, 40-year-old Inna put the unfaithful spouse out the door. At the same time, her neighbor Rimma, who lives a floor above, came from the village sister Alevtina. She is determined to find her husband in the city. Rimma gives the idea to call a man from the service "Husband for an hour" and specially breaks the faucet in his kitchen. A reverse comedy that tells the story of a perfectionist assassin who falls and hits his head in a sauna, giving him amnesia. When a down-and-out actor switches locker keys with him, they switch lives until the hit-man, who soon becomes an action hero on TV, starts to remember things. One of Britain's most exciting and popular stand-up comedians, Russell Howard is back in 2011 with his third sell-out tour Right Here, Right Now. The star of Russell Howard's Good News and Mock The Week never fails to entertain with his trademark mix of eloquent gags and deft storytelling. The story of the Arthurian legend, based on the 'Sarmatian hypothesis' which contends that the legend has a historical nucleus in the Sarmatian heavy cavalry troops stationed in Britain, and that the Roman-British military commander, Lucius Artorius Castus is the historical person behind the legend. Ivan is an ordinary guy who is transferred from modern Moscow to the fantasy world Belogorye. In this parallel universe where characters of Russian fairy tales live, magic is an integral part of daily life, and arguments are settled with the help of sword . Unexpectedly, Ivan finds himself in the middle of a battle between good and evil, and he must discover why everyone thinks that he must play the main role in upcoming events... A radio host is kidnapped on air and forced to tell secrets about his past. A young man in Berlin is fed up with being the stooge of his criminal boss. New film by Detlev Buck based on a short story by Ferdinand von Schirach. When 30-ish rich kid Lenny has to take care of 15-year-old David, who's suffering from heart disease, it's the beginning of a wild adventure. Lenny fearlessly breaks all the rules to fulfill his young friend's every wish. Ella lives in a magical world in which each child, at the moment of their birth, is given a virtuous "gift" from a fairy godmother. Ella's so-called gift, however, is obedience. This birthright proves itself to be quite the curse once Ella finds herself in the hands of several unscrupulous characters whom she quite literally cannot disobey. Determined to gain control of her life and decisions, Ella sets off on a journey to find her fairy godmother who she hopes will lift the curse. The path, however, isn't easy -- Ella must outwit a slew of unpleasant obstacles including ogres, giants, wicked stepsisters, elves and Prince Charmont's evil uncle, who wants to take over the crown and rule the kingdom. Like a poem of this beautiful city, four love stories happen in Saigon will show you how lovely Saigonese and their Love could be. Julius and Vincent Benedict are the results of an experiment that would allow for the perfect child. Julius was planned and grows to athletic proportions. Vincent is an accident and is somewhat smaller in stature. Vincent is placed in an orphanage while Julius is taken to a south seas island and raised by philosophers. Vincent becomes the ultimate low life and is about to be killed by loan sharks. Lucy Hill is an ambitious up-and-coming executive living in Miami. She loves her shoes, she loves her cars and she loves climbing the corporate ladder. When she is offered a temporary assignment - in the middle of nowhere - to restructure a manufacturing plant, she jumps at the opportunity, knowing that a big promotion is close at hand. What begins as a straight-forward assignment becomes a life-changing experience as Lucy discovers greater meaning in her life and, most unexpectedly, the man of her dreams. Part firework safety warning, part mini horror film, there's something deliberately uncanny about this 70s Central Office of Information ad. The everyday scenes of football at the park and kids at the sweetshop are intercut with the uncanny - a mysterious child seen only from behind. The final shot of a group of such kids seen through a distorted lens could be from The Midwich Cuckoos. The perfect recipe for children's nightmares and sleepless nights for parents - it's certainly an unforgettable warning. (BFI)  Fiction/documentary hybrid DRIB centres on the real life story of how Borgli's friend Amir, a stand-up comedian and performance artist, almost ended up as the international face of a well-known energy drink. Behind the facade of a beautiful urban home, a combination of complacency and bad investments has left power couple Ben and Gail disconnected, resentful and just about broke. When the cash-strapped yuppies fire their teen-aged daughter's lesbian Mexican nanny, Margarita, they set off a chain of events that lead to her deportation. A bright young yeti finds something he thought didn't exist--a human. News of this "smallfoot" throws the simple yeti community into an uproar over what else might be out there in the big world beyond their snowy village. Under torture, Indian gangster Tiger Memon confesses to his involvement in a plot to set off explosives throughout Bombay. The police choose not to believe him, however, and bombs tear through the city that Friday, wreaking havoc and polarizing the citizens of Bombay. Through a series of interviews, DCP Rakesh Maria comes closer to discovering who the leader of the conspiracy is, but it soon becomes clear that a foreign power must be involved. William's father is dead and his mother is mentally ill, so he lives with his uncle Nils. Nils is on early retirement, making money by buying things cheap and selling them high. He has also accumulated a large debt and city's gangsters are on him, demanding that he pays it full.  William sets out to pay off the debt of his uncle - and perhaps his courage might impress Viola too, a girl from his class. A working woman, mother a three children, realizes that, when her youngest one is about to go to Canada to continue her education, she will end up out of her most precious goal, being a mother.. My father and I get into an old camper and head for Paris where, 23 years ago, he dispersed his mother's ashes in the Luxembourg Garden. Our trip will take two weeks. We're both documentary filmmakers so we've decided to make a film recording the journey. We stop at camper parks or gas stations for the night. We each have a camera to keep the conditions fair and so we're both the directors and protagonists at the same time. My father is 70, I am 44. We discuss various things - family history, difficult past, my father's divorces. Any question is allowed. The journey is a pretext to get to know each other a little better. A cinematic-psychological experiment about the father-son relationship. Once in the editing room, will we be able to create a single version that would be acceptable to both? Trisha, a Filipino transgender woman, suddenly dies while being crowned in a beauty pageant. Her last wish was to be presented as a different celebrity on each night of her wake. George Vadakkan is the quintessential prodigal son of a priest, who wished he followed the father's path. His friends and George generally hang out at Mathayi Parambu, a public playground cum hangout space of the area. How the park plays a part in setting his life straight is the core of the pooram. An aimless young troublemaker, Alessandro, squanders his days gambling and getting into fights, and he often spends his nights in jail. With few prospects, he begrudgingly accepts a job as a companion to Giorgio, an elderly poet suffering from Alzheimer's. On their daily walks, the two banter and become friends, and Alessandro quickly learns more about this forgotten poet as the old man's memory drifts. After learning a secret from Giorgio's past, Alessandro and his friends work to uncover the mystery of this tale, an unexpected history lesson and a touching coming-of-age adventure. Cosmo Vittelli, the proprietor of a sleazy, low-rent Hollywood cabaret, has a real affection for the women who strip in his peepshows and the staff who keep up his dingy establishment. He also has a major gambling problem that has gotten him in trouble before. When Cosmo loses big-time at an underground casino run by mobster Mort, he isn't able to pay up. Mort then offers Cosmo the chance to pay back his debt by knocking off a pesky, Mafia-protected bookie. Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon embark on a road trip along the coast of Spain. Kagerota is a young ninja who embarks on his first mission: stealing the goldfish from a wealthy samurai. He succeeds, but then a mysterious fat cat starts following him. His distinctive red nose leads Kagerota to believe that the feline stalker is actually the reincarnation of his long last father, a legendary ninja who left him when he was ten years old. Adrien, 40 years old and totally immature, is dumped by Maude, 35 years old, eager to finally found a family. In an attempt to regain the love of his life, Adrien decides to move into the future ex-married apartment: a nursery home - The beginning, an improbable educational experience. Petit Spirou, like all his family before him, has a career destiny all traced. When his mother announces that he will integrate the grooms school at the beginning of the new school year, Petit Spirou, with the help of his friends, will take advantage of his last days of class to declare his love to Suzette. And no matter how. They decide to live an extraordinary adventure. Directed by Tony Gaudio. With Alice Lake, Lee Shumway, Gaston Glass, Florence Turner.  Space Sheriff Gavan vs Tokusou Sentai Dekaranger features the return of Yuma Ishigaki from 2012's Space Sheriff Gavan: The Movie and the 2015 Space Sheriff Next Generation films. The first installment will join the two police themed heroes as they face a massive space crime organization. Girls in Trouble: Space Squad Episode Zero is an installment in the Toei Company V-Cinema series. Space Squad serves as a crossover between the revival of the Metal Heroes' Space Sheriff series and the Super Sentai series Tokusou Sentai Dekaranger. A prologue to Gavan vs. Dekaranger, this movie focuses on the female characters of both series. Decades after their last hit, the Heartthrob Boyz find themselves out of time, out of cash, and out of shape as they attempt to finish the album they hope returns them to glory. Campus Police is a mockumentary film chronicling a week in the line of duty for two campus police officers at a college called Driftwood University. Officers Colin McCoy and Dan Foley expect this week to be business as usual, but are caught off-guard when they're suddenly thrust into a storm of conspiracy and corruption, all surrounding a series of attacks by a mysterious flasher. Over the course of the week, they face apathetic theatre students, singing buffoons, office politics, a psychic palm-reader, and a drug-crazed lunatic who launch them into the most high-profile case of their careers. Campus Police is a film in the spirit of the zany, screwball comedies of yesteryear. Ernesto and Filippo, two high school teachers, couldn't be more different: Filippo is a cheerful liberal who is constantly online. Handsome and youthful, he is a serial seducer on the social networks. Ernesto, instead is a stern conservative, rigorously computerless. He is probably the last person around who still has a first-generation cell phone and his teaching methods are very traditional. They used to be best friends but an unresolved fight kept them far apart, until the day fate intervened and they found themselves teaching at the same school. Their opposite viewpoints will soon and inevitably lead to a new clash. The internet will force them to deal with their past, which resurfaces in the shape of Nina, a young woman who conducts an experiment on them: Filippo must try to leave the world of Internet and Ernesto must try to enter it. Steel Panther playing an acoustic set in front of an audience of scantily clad women featuring their classic songs  A young priest coaches a team of uncoordinated monks in order to win a soccer tournament and save their monastery from being turned into a hotel. When teenager Elle's first kiss leads to a forbidden romance with the hottest boy in high school, she risks her relationship with her best friend.  Marisa feels that she is the supporting actress of her own life. She has no job, no projects, no prospects for the future. She looks away from her own life's downfall to become the rescuer of her best friend Mina, who is immersed in a desperate crisis after the break-up of her relationship with Salvador. When she tries to get help from other friends, she only finds more lives adrift. Then, some unexpected news breaks the difficult balance of her life, and Marisa can only find comfort in the city nightlife. She is ready to disappear, silent and quietly, like fading into black. Aby Warburg was an original and influential art historian, whose range was cross cultural, seeking the afterlife of antiquity. Set against the backdrop of World War 2, the film spans over three different phases of the life of the protagonist Kammaran who gets inspired by freedom fighter Subhash Chandra Bose and joins INA to secure Indian independence from British rule. An exploration of America's social and political climate through the lens of a genre-defying love story. The film centers on a black man and black woman who go on a first date that goes awry after the two are pulled over by a police officer at a traffic stop. They kill the police officer in self-defense and rather than turn themselves in, they go on the run. Tim and Ron Ormond were introduced to the Murfreesboro, Tennessee-based Dr. John R. Rice, minister and publisher of The Sword of the Lord, a fundamentalist newspaper. The Ormonds accompanied Rice on a tour of the Holy Land, the footage of which was used to produce The Land Where Jesus Walked. Five friends plot to murder an upstairs neighbor simply to avoid an awkward conversation.  High school senior Lily and her group of friends live in a haze of texts, posts, selfies and chats just like the rest of the world. So, when an anonymous hacker starts posting details from the private lives of everyone in their small town, the result is absolute madness leaving Lily and her friends questioning whether they'll live through the night. A cinema remake of the classic sitcom Dad's Army (1968). The Walmington-on-Sea Home Guard platoon deal with a visiting female journalist and a German spy as World War II draws to its conclusion. Alaa Deek (Mohammad Ramadan) is a bank employee who belongs to an ancient family, but he hates women from childhood and avoids any dealings with his family. When he and his family travel to Nile, all the family members die, and now he has to take full responsibility for his family's affairs. They are all just women, since he is the only man in the family. Cal Weaver is living the American dream. He has a good job, a beautiful house, great children and a beautiful wife, named Emily. Cal's seemingly perfect life unravels, however, when he learns that Emily has been unfaithful and wants a divorce. Over 40 and suddenly single, Cal is adrift in the fickle world of dating. Enter, Jacob Palmer, a self-styled player who takes Cal under his wing and teaches him how to be a hit with the ladies.  A story about love, friendship and loneliness that throws a glance at the gay universe in today's Spain. Julian, trying to forget an ex boyfriend, takes refuge in sporadic encounters and occasional dates with random men. Based on Julian Almazan and Alfonso Casas' comic book. A group of friends - musicians, ex-musicians and their companions - gather in an old house (once a squat) in the countryside to scatter the ashes of their friend and hero, KAS.  They were all invited by Kas' heavily pregnant girlfriend SALLIE, to give a fitting send-off to their friend. An island and its people, a self-contained world where goodwill and camaraderie prevail over everything else. At the center of this world are Govutty and Teena, and their endearing love story. Two old-timer thieves, Kamal and Jamal who are released from prison after years, go to their accomplice - Essi - to get their share from their last robbery. But Essi has invested the money on a film and has played in it which was a complete failure. Despite their propensity for robbery, these two old men, have to do it again. But they have become too old to rob in a traditional way. Set after the events of Continental Drift, Scrat's epic pursuit of his elusive acorn catapults him outside of Earth, where he accidentally sets off a series of cosmic events that transform and threaten the planet. To save themselves from peril, Manny, Sid, Diego, and the rest of the herd leave their home and embark on a quest full of thrills and spills, highs and lows, laughter and adventure while traveling to exotic new lands and encountering a host of colorful new characters. This film exposes the scams prevailing in pharmaceutical world; how people pursuing medical profession make money at the cost of poor patients. Though this movie brings up an important issue of corruption in country, it's element of romance and comedy makes it perfect entertainer. When Chuck and Woodsly are accidentally entered in the FUR BALL RUN, they have to figure out how to put their paws on the pedal to compete against a pack of seasoned drivers from across the animal kingdom. Jerry and Carl have conned their way from one small Texas town to another, but things go haywire when one of them falls in love with Maureen. Not to mention the P.I. that's hot on their trail... A musical comedy based on "Two Gallants" by James Joyce and the songs of John Prine. A cinematic sleigh ride deep into the strange but true world of the 'real bearded Santas,' including visits to Santa Claus University, and the annual convention of the Fraternal Order of Real Bearded Santas. 'Believe' chronicles a year in the life of several actual real-bearded Santas from across the country. For these men, it's not just a job - it's a calling. And they'll stop at nothing to perpetuate the myth and magic of Santa Claus. Young or old, naughty or nice, this documentary will make you believe all over again. Three urban working poor young men who impersonate crew of a Guidance Patrol to earn money Two rivals address the years of animosity that defined their careers and their shared dream of achieving greatness on the world's biggest stage: the Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest. A reimagining of the early years of Elvis and Priscilla Presley's marriage A young woman returns home and must confront her ex-boyfriend when an unexpected tragedy occurs. The story of Parava revolves around pigeon race, a game, which is prominent in Mattancherry, Kochi, Kerala.  Comedy drama about a group of city dwellers who arrive on the island of Skerra to view the local lighthouse, little knowing that all who set foot in it are cursed. A few decades after the destruction of the Inca empire, a Spanish expedition leaves the mountains of Peru and goes down the Amazon river in search of gold and wealth. Soon, they come across great difficulties and Don Aguirre, a ruthless man who cares only about riches, becomes their leader. But will his quest lead them to "the golden city", or to certain destruction? Five gay men from different walks of life are confronted with important choices that could change everything for them. A disgruntled summer-stock actor contemptuously disregards the superstition surrounding Shakespeare's tragedy, Macbeth and, by doing so, unleashes the curse of 'The Scottish Play' and wreaks havoc on the company. Yeliz leads a happy life with her brother Ahmet, who she is very fond of. But Ahmet Deniz falls in love, and he makes her a marriage proposal, Yeliz's world collapsed. They think, "oh, I get them well apart, as I also did it with all his previous girlfriends." Yeliz begins to make plans with her group of girlfriends to drive the two apart. On the one hand Yeliz, on the other hand, Ahmet Deniz, who tries to protect Deniz against the snares of his sister, without leaving marks Deniz. There awaits all sorts of comic adventures ... From the guys that brought you Napoleon Dynamite comes this hilarious Napoleon-topping award-winning comedy. Super-nerdy Gavin Gore and his friends stumble on some huge footprints in the woods. A local cop, reporter and a renowned Sasquatch authority investigate, while two of Gavin's stoner neighbours hatch a scheme to profit from the situation Lovestruck conservatory student Ariane pretends to be just as much a cosmopolitan lover as the worldly mature Frank Flannagan hoping that l'amour will take hold. Madea and the gang encounter monsters, goblins and boogeymen at a haunted campground. Harry will do anything to be a musician, but it takes a junk collector to discover his hidden talents.  An didactic, catholic film made for a Congolese audience by Belgian missionary and filmmaker Andre Cornil. Charlie is witty, inaccessible and - in her own words - fundamentally dialectic. Hannah is chatty, neurotic, always hungry and always in love. Things take an unexpected turn when one of the girls conjures magical candy that makes body parts talk, pineapples fly and through which a trip to another galaxy becomes the easiest thing in the world. In a bleak Inverness midwinter, Luisaidh is careening off the rails after the suicide of her best friend. She medicates her misery with joyless sex, chips and a belief in the power of positive drinking. Surrounded by bittersweet memories, she struggles to find someone to talk to or some reason to make life worthwhile at the most stressful time of the year. This is a concert film filmed on the 1996 "Welcome to the Freak Show" tour in support of their 1995 album "Jesus Freak." In a rustic village in Kerala, a group of old wrestling aficionados led by "Captain" Das is at odds with the youth of the village who are more into cricket. Though a former wrestler himself,  the Captain's son Anjaneya is also part of the cricketer gang. Anjaneya is forced to go to college in Punjab by his father and there his paths cross with a Punjabi girl Aditi  who's coincidentally also a wrestler. Due to unforeseen circumstances both of them end up returning to Anjaneya's village in Kerala. Sent to Paris to visit their grandfather, the twins fall in love with France, not to mention two French boys. Ava's sister goes missing after they have an argument. Ava must fight her ADHD to find her sister with the help of an old school friend. Laura, an unemployed writer in New York City, tries to juggle an unexciting boyfriend, an affair with a performance artist, and a vivid imaginary life. A wanna-be author feels pressured to move beyond her meandering writing career and get a more stable job. She decides to organize a Shakespeare festival, a plan that could have tricky ramifications for her marriage. Set in a rustic English village in the mid 19th century, Under The Greenwood Tree tells the story of a poor young man who falls for a middle-class schoolteacher and attempts to win her over. Hassan who is a skint wants to pay back the debt of his father to Malek Salman who is a fraud. In a virtual world Hassan became an imaginary person but the love of Malek Salman's daughter is hindering him from continuing on his mission. Homer Macauley remains in a small town looking after his widowed mother and younger brother. Homer's older brother is fighting the war in Europe.   In 1843, despite the fact that Dickens is a successful writer, the failure of his latest book puts his career at a crossroads, until the moment when, struggling with inspiration and confronting reality with his childhood memories, a new character is born in the depths of his troubled mind; an old, lonely, embittered man, so vivid, so human, that a whole world grows around him, a story so inspiring that changed the meaning of Christmas forever. A down-on-his-luck man discovers that his new apartment is inhabited by a self-absorbed ghost.  A film about an eccentric man of the world called God, who lives in an ordinary detached house with his family: his Swedish wife Gerd Lillian and his two youngest sons, Thomas and Jens. The oldest son, Mikkel wants nothing to do with God, so-called because he treats the world as his own creation. In reality, God is a man with a mild dependency on alcohol. Omniscient and inspirational, he rules his subjects with love, cunning and an iron rod (not to mention spirit). A rebellion is quietly looming in the shape of his sons and Gerd Lillian, but it comes to nothing when God is diagnosed with cancer and compassion replaces anger. However, when God is seemingly cured of his disease, his sons unite in their desire to kill God - if the cancer couldn't do it, they must. God survives, but the cancer returns - this time with a vengeance. Only when God realises that his final hour is upon him is he able to relinquish his kingdom and set his subjects free. In death, God takes on a human guise. When Carlos (Eduardo Antuna) invites his father (Boris Ruiz) and his brother (David Pareja) to spend a pleasant New Year in a strange house isolated in the forest with him and his wife Ana (Itziar Castro). But what promised to be a quiet family dinner, suddenly is interrupted by the presence of a peculiar vagabond, dwarf and very bad man, who claims to be God (Emilio Gavira).    The mood is heated. Demonstrations are taking place across France, also in front of the Paris hotel where an Italian named Giorgio is booking the bridal suite for him and his boyfriend Antonio. Hotel manager Diana doesn't trust them and calls the police to get rid of the odd couple. Italians? Homosexuals? Criminals? In the charged atmosphere of the Hotel Occidental, little is needed for initial suspicions to be aroused. In this film Bombo Fica is faced with two worlds, one of success and fame and the other of failures and misadventures. In his story he will try to explain the reasons that move him from one world to another with anecdotes and situations that will not go unnoticed.  A bachelor party in the woods gets crashed by the ultimate party animal. Sassi, a self-proclaimed painter in his 60s, tries to make a mark in the society but fails with every attempt. He is soon diagnosed with a terminal illness, following which he moves back to his hometown to spend his last few days. His days turn rather boring and uninteresting until he learns of a newly designed coffin, having all sorts of advanced features in it, and finally, knows how to spend his last days. Mix of drama, thrill, romance and a lot of humor the movie is based on the growing mall culture in India. The 94 years old Alma is a passionate environmentalist. She doesn't like the deforestation of the rain forests at all, that the Germans eat ever more meat, and that animals are fattened in concentrated animal feeding operations across the country. The pensioner looks for equal minded people via adverts in the local papers and  gets to know the young kindergarten worker Vicky. Both participate in a group meeting in the restaurant "Los Veganeros", where they and other environmental activists plan their projects. During one of these meetings Vicky propose to abduct the pig fattening industrialist Heinz Granitzka to force the public to take notice of the horrible conditions the animals are being forced to live in. The group all but jumps at that idea and start to carry it out, with fatal results. A small-time crook agrees to star in a viral video that will restore the image of a businessman who acts against the law. When he realizes that he is the next victim in this man's list, he struggles to save himself at any cost, in this suspenseful action film. Yasuyuki Shimada is an ordinary guy who makes films. One day he gets a hold of a camera and a mask which has special powers to go back in time by filming the God of Death who handles all destinies. This is a new type of Dark Action Hero movie, where a simple filmmaker changes his destiny and tries to save his crush!  A confused groom and his friend get booked by a cop while they are on the way back from a bachelor party. A motley group of addicts attend a rehabilitation program at an isolated farm to get sun, relax and consume the drugs and alcohol they smuggled in. Unfortunately and unbeknownst to them, the farm is infested with zombies and these aren't your usual slow moving, lumbering zombies. These blood suckers run fast! Adaptated from the cult graphic novel, Rottentail is the story of geeky fertility researcher Peter Cotton who, when bitten by a mutant rabbit, transforms into a vengeance-seeking half-man/half-bunny. What's a boy to do? Why, take a hippity, hoppity trip home of course! Peter begins a bloody killing spree of revenge that culminates in his childhood hometown of Easter Falls. A story of a young girl Claudia who works as a security guard on a slowly dying metal plant. Fedya is 20 years old. He works as a projectionist in a provincial cinema called "Rodina" (Motherland), and tries in vain to pull in spectators. When the local authorities decide to transform the "Rodina" into a shop, there is only one way out: to make a successful film and thus rescue the cinema! But what is required to get a good box office? Of course, a star! Desperate times demand desperate measures, so the children kidnap a celebrity from a passing train. And this is not just any star, but Dmitri Diuzhev! Well, maybe he does not exactly burn with the desire to be filmed here, but it doesn't matter as long as they have enough ropes, gags and sleeping tablets. Then here is a desperate producer who has just been demobbed, a philosophizing wedding photographer and the karate-practicing actress Zhenya, with whom Fedya is secretly in love. A young divorcee tries to convert a historic house into a hotel despite its oddball inhabitants and dead bodies in the cellar. A German man fells in love with a Turkish woman and changes his lifestyle for her family. To the Beat follows 14-year-old twins Mia and Mackie Castillo - dancers since they were toddlers. Beginning at just three years old, that's been their one true passion. They support each other through competitions and rehearsals, even though they dance different styles. Mia loves tap and Mackie loves jazz. When their favorite pop star launches an online contest to find the most unique dance group for his next music video, the twins each form their own team to compete for the chance to dance in the video - enlisting their friends and family to help gain online votes. Meanwhile, their arch rival and neighbor, Avery, the best dancer of all (who knows it too) uses her charm and resources to get the upper hand in the competition. The ironically-named Lucky gets embroiled in a heist when a friend hands him a bag of cash, which was stolen from a don, who stole it from the bank, and will not rest until he recovers it. A World War II satire that follows a lonely German boy whose world view is turned upside down when he discovers his single mother is hiding a young Jewish girl in their attic. Aided only by his idiotic imaginary friend, Adolf Hitler, Jojo must confront his blind nationalism. Angered by the corruption that stopped him from becoming a CBI officer, a young man forms a gang who pose as CBI officers and raids the corrupt. With the death of their beloved Grandfather, level headed, straight talker, and chronic smoker Kyle Scott (Smokes) and sarcastic, over-dramatic trouble maker Mitch Stone (Stoney) discover that he left them an inheritance of 5 million dollars. Brutal killings occur at a campsite over a cursed mask. From horror and sex comedy to musical, Outdoor Begins appeals to audiences by covering all kinds of genres. An aging hippie sets out on a trip across America to find his family.  Based on a True Story in the United States Health Care System: Suddenly in the grip of a physical attack, John doubles over in pain and forcefully vomits in a hospital Emergency Room. Not his first trip to the ER, John's treated like the junky he might be as he seeks specific narcotics that have helped him in his past.  The year is coming to an end and Christmas is imminent. But it is the blackest day of the year for Hartz VIII recipient Edith Schroder (Ades Zabel), Leggingsladen owner Biggy (Biggy van Blond) and Kiezwirtin Jutta Hartmann (Bob Schneider), because they have no family to celebrate with them - not to mention children! But this time everything should be different: end with the solitude, the microwave dishes, war films and men's stripshows.Instead, the girlfriends simply want to celebrate together at Edith's home, with a delicious roast goose and a lot of cheap luscious liquor. It does not matter, that the hostess can not cook a bit. But when Edith and Biggy get almost a life-long house ban on the purchase of gifts, the contemplative mood threatens to tilt ...  In a forgotten corner of the vast Brazilian bureaucracy, a psychotic boss uses a time machine to enslave his lazy employees and increase productivity. Gopher City Kansas hosts a beauty contest. The winner, Elvira Plunkett, and her mother go to Hollywood. The Chamber of Commerce also provides Elvira with an agent, Gopher City's own Elmer J. Butz. Elmer likes Elvira and the shy Elvira likes him, but Mrs. Plunkett, a formidable woman, has little use for hapless Elmer. On the train west, they meet movie star Larry Mitchell, who takes a shine to Elvira and helps her meet MGM directors once they get to Tinsel Town. Elmer, meanwhile, wants to help Elvira with her career and he also wants to be her man. Movie stardom does come to the Gopher City entourage, but to whom is a surprise. And who will win the lovely Elvira's hand? Sebastian and Angela are all set to get married until their difference of opinions and cultural conflicts between the families threaten their union. A day in the life of a barbershop on the south side of Chicago. Calvin, who inherited the struggling business from his deceased father, views the shop as nothing but a burden and waste of his time. After selling the shop to a local loan shark, Calvin slowly begins to see his father's vision and legacy and struggles with the notion that he just sold it out. Three cousins and their best friend leave for a road trip, hoping for one final hurrah before one of them gets married. Their path crosses with that of two girls who are on a getaway of their own. Their plans are derailed after a suspicious death. Who was the killer and why forms the plot. The famous people that host "Beyaz Futbol" find themselves in a terrible situation where one man controls them. In order to be free, the Beyaz Futbol team has to do the missions that the guy gives them. Hanpeita Takeichi, a samurai, finds that he has travelled through time to modern-day Japan. He's taken in by an old man who runs a cram school, and begins to work as a teacher there. Yedyanchi Jatra is an enjoyable portrayal of how villagers react to new developments in their locality like the launch of a Government sponsored "Village Sanitation and Cleanliness Drive" The compound of an arms manufacturer turns into a zombie nightmare when its workers are given the wrong formula. Aspiring cartoonist and middle-aged gumbuster Cliff Morelli (Jeremy Koerner, Black Cat Whiskey, New York Lately) spends his days at the Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk performing minimum wage janitorial duties. When he is put on suspension after harassing a teenager and his parents threaten to throw him out of the house, Cliff decides to actively pursue his lifelong animation dreams by reconnecting with his rich brother Jack. After a failed attempt and a string of bad luck, Cliff finds himself at the mercy of the animated characters he has created, and together, they form a devilish plan to exact revenge on all those that have wronged him. A sexually frustrated bigfoot terrorizes a quiet suburban street on a cold Valentine's Day evening. Two salesmen trash a company truck on an energy drink-fueled bender. Upon their arrest, the court gives them a choice: do hard time or spend 150 service hours with a mentorship program. After one day with the kids, however, jail doesn't look half bad.  Don's Party stars John Hargreaves as Don Henderson, a schoolteacher living with his wife, Kath (Jeanie Drynan), in 1969. Out of boredom, he invites a small group of friends to celebrate a predicted Australian Labor Party (ALP) election victory, much to the dismay of his wife. A visual effects artist gets possessed by an evil spirit and tries to get rid of it until he meets another innocent soul possessed by spirits.  Documentary about how young Russian men deal with the way government tries to stop them from invoking their constitutional right to refuse to serve in the army. A down-on-luck wedding planner tries to save a girl from a criminal who plans to marry her with revenge on his mind. Angali Pangali - Tamil movie, Directed by S.Balamurugan, Starring Vishnupriyan, Sanyathara, Soori, Delhi Ganesh, Meera Krishnan, Kottachi, Anjali.... Nicolas Philibert goes to America after killing a French aristocrat. On his return he tries to divorce his wife, Charlotte, but when he sees others trying to woo her his own interest is rekindled. A youngster with a lackadaisical attitude realises the importance of embracing agriculture when a selfish businessman tries to acquire land from his village. A father and son, who fail to understand each other, decide to sort out their issues with the help of their family friend in an unusual and bizarre way.  The fourth addition to the franchise sees the return of the army boys including Sergeant Ong, Lobang, Ken Chow and Aloysius, joined by a new female officer, as they are called back for in-camp training under the Armoured Formation of the Singapore Armed Forces. Hilarious situations happen when they are back training together and their military roles reversed. Their brotherhood is also put to the test when new enemy threats arise. After 20 years on the road with Blue Oyster Cult, Jimmy Testagros returns to his hometown to life with his ailing mother. Complications arise when he falls for an old friend, who is now married to his longtime nemesis. George W. Bush picks Dick Cheney, the CEO of Halliburton Co., to be his Republican running mate in the 2000 presidential election. No stranger to politics, Cheney's impressive resume includes stints as White House chief of staff, House Minority Whip and defense secretary. When Bush wins by a narrow margin, Cheney begins to use his newfound power to help reshape the country and the world.  Four beautiful girls are down on their luck when one of them inherits a ramshackle broken down old Car Wash deep in the heart of South Los Angeles. Unbeknownst to the girls, ancient supernatural forces bringing murder, bloodshed and hilariously comical mayhem come along with it. A chef who is separated from his wife decides to win back her love after she lands up at his doorstep asking for divorce. Lea opens an agency where anybody can rent her to play the part the clients need: a daughter, a girlfriend, a customer, you name it... A broke puppeteer returns home for the holidays and gets caught up in a treasure hunt with her paintball-obsessed best friend, her tango-dancing grandmother and a childhood sweetheart. The Addams family's lives begin to unravel when they face-off against a treacherous, greedy crafty reality-TV host while also preparing for their extended family to arrive for a major celebration. Young Lucas finds out he's not really a human after he surprisingly transforms into a monster in front of the most popular kids at school. His search for Monster Island and his real roots takes him on a fabulously scary journey that puts him face to face with more tentacles, fangs and far-out situations than he can shake one of his new wings at. Attacked by vampire, Spring, a born loser is saved by three street cleaners. When he wakes up, he finds himself in a government secret facilities hidden in a garbage collection station. Spring then discovers that he has a special immunity to vampire attack, making him a perfect candidate as agent of the secret organisation, the Vampire Cleanup Department. Enteng has made use of his skills in the ironworks and robotics industries, becoming a successful businessman. He also spends more time with his cute granchild Benokis. But trouble arises when Kwak-Kwak, who was booted from Engkatasya, returns to create chaos through a virtual game. Enteng then gathers the Abangers, led by his son Benok, to fight. A family movie that revolves around unlikely "parents" Arci and Paco. Arci gains custody of his best friend's children Megan and Ernie just before she dies. The children's uncle, Paco, has no choice but to join this newfound family. Arci and Paco will now embark on the craziest and greatest adventure of their lives as they play the roles of Momshie and Popshie to both Megan and Ernie. Eugene prepares for her comeback vehicle after a long sabbatical from movie making. Rainier proposes "The Itinerary," a heartbreaking anatomy of a crumbling marriage as told through a couple's trip to Baguio, their former honeymoon location. Singleton Kartar Singh is left with the responsibility of raising his two orphaned nephews. He asks his brother in Punjab to raise Charan and his sister in London to raise Karan. When the twins cross continents, they leave behind a trail of confusion. "Chaar Cutting" comprises of handpicked films from amongst a large assortment of films and put together in a way that captures a wide array of human emotion and genres including comedy, satire, romance and thriller thereby providing a wholesome experience. "ChaarCutting" has Skin Deep (written by Vikramaditya Motwane of Lootera and Udaan fame and directed by his assistant Hardik Mehta), Blouse (directed by Vijayeta Kumar), Manila Running (directed by Anuj Gulati), and Bawdi (directed by Vivek Soni). An American Agent from 1938 travels through time to hamstring Hitler! Transported to the year 2018, he hoodwinks hoodlums, infuriates the Fuhrer,  and goes gaga for a gal 80 years his junior! Married with children and living in downtown Manhattan, a woman decides to quit accommodating everyone around her and goes on a creative journey to bring meaning to her life.  The astonishing true tale of survival of Roland Omongos, a Filipino fisherman who was rescued in Papua New Guinea after drifting at sea for 56 days. A film about growing apart when growing up. Two best friends relationship strains when one deals with her newfound sexuality and the other with breaking up with her long term boyfriend. Storm is 10 years old. When her father disappears and her mother starts making instructional videos with an Eastern European self-help guru, Storm must decide which rules life to adhere to lest the world should fall apart.  Antonio runs away from home and tries to spend the night at his ex-girlfriend's apartment. There he finds a brazilian girl, an unexpected guest. Johnny is struggling to stage his first theater play in Lisbon. His friendship with the young light technician will make him face his real problems. Debora is passing by, finally returning home. When she goes to the theater, she falls asleep, and is awaken by the protagonist. Three dimensions of the same story. Feeling they do not have much to do today, Kodaka suggests that everyone participate in a round-robin story, in which everyone takes turns writing a chapter of a novel. Naturally, things do not go well as each member tilts the story towards their preferences and desires. Badrinath is looking for a typical bride; Vaidehi is looking for an independent life. Together they must break with tradition and redefine their role Arvind, an ordinary man who is never noticed by anyone be it at school or home. However, things change when he falls in love with Janani, a class topper and the one who excels in both academics and extra-curricular activities. Motu and Patlu are your home-grown Laurel and Hardy in an animation avatar. They befriend a circus lion, Guddu and attempt to save the jungle from a greedy poacher. In 2001, far from the space ships, Argentina suffers a social and economic crisis that rages the fury in the streets. Looting, violence and terror are part of the everyday landscape. Fear overflows the atmosphere and families are breaking down in a rarefied climate. Lisa and Tony are sister and brother who grew up separately and are reunited for one weekend, growing closer than they ever had before. Three friends -- Ashwin, Kishore and Praveen get into business by purchasing a resort. Pretty soon, they find that they've got more than what they've bargained for. Apparently, the resort is haunted by a ghost. Unwilling to sell the resort, they seek the help of a mentalist, Rudra, to exorcise the ghost.   In Polignano a Mare, covered in snow, they are more nervous than usual. Hysterics, anxiousness, pregnancy tests, lost rings and stuck lifts - what else can happen?   An ancient Scripture says: <<Get a Power of the Crystal Eye and will have everything you dream about...Sorcery, the hidden power , mystery language of animals and birds - subservient to the Master of the Crystal Eye>>.  School friends teens caught in a tangled game of Sorceress and Witches from different worlds. Who 's finally winners? Real friendship or the dark ? Being sixteen it's easy. Being sixteen and have to go to school every day, it's not. It's even harder being sixteen and have to go to school and fall in love with Fernando, the boy from the other class. It's easy to be Jaqueline. But it sucks being Jaqueline and know Fernando doesn't care at all. The long-awaited latest feature from Okinawa's preeminent filmmaker Go Takamine (Untamagiru) is a free-wheeling impressionistic work set in a fantastical realm informed by reality, memories, indigenous folklore and theater. X years after the oft-referenced but never elaborated-upon "Shima pshoo" incident, aging Tarugani and Papajo are best friends who live in Patai Village, where those who failed to die continue to exist. When the two find themselves framed as thieves who stole an illegal substance from the local store, they set out on the road, chased by three dripping wet mysterious women. An utterly unconventional visceral feast. -JAPAN CUTS: Festival of New Japanese Film A pair of Tactical Units Police Officers from different walks of life come together to rescue an ambassador's daughter. In the wake of his dramatic escape from captivity, Jesse Pinkman must come to terms with his past in order to forge some kind of future. Beautiful women spinning in circles. Guillaume and his friends have planned to attend the biggest electronic music festical to celebrate their passing school... but Guillaume has to take the test once again and has to go over everything over the weekend. Jessie is an aging career criminal who has been in more jails, fights, schemes, and lineups than just about anyone else. His son Vito, while currently on the straight and narrow, has had a fairly shady past and is indeed no stranger to illegal activity. They both have great hope for Adam, Vito's son and Jessie's grandson, who is bright, good-looking, and without a criminal past. "Papadom 2" continues with the relationship between Saadom and his daughter, Mia, who is all grown up and working in Kuala Lumpur. Deciding to pay a visit to his daughter, Saadom finds out that she is in love and prepared to marry the man of her dreams. In order to find out more about his future son-in-law, Saadom goes undercover at Mia's workplace at a production house to fish out the boy, only to find out that Mia's love is not who he expects it to be. On the rocky path to sobriety after a life-changing accident, John Callahan discovers the healing power of art, willing his injured hands into drawing hilarious, often controversial cartoons, which bring him a new lease on life.  After being defeated by humans centuries ago, the Winged Tribe has lost their ability to fly. Seeking vengeance, a royal descendant of the tribe has begun searching for the magical Naga Pearls, which he plans to use to destroy the humans. When the legendary pearls fall into - and out of - the hands of Heiyu, a wily human street punk, he must join a team of unlikely heroes as they race to prevent the destruction of their people in this magical fantasy adventure.  The story about a college student, who wants to be as rich as Dhirubhai Ambani. The fun begins when he starts imitating him and creates multiple blunders in his business. And with all this the laugh riot begins. Mehmet who is an idealist advertising photographer, has just separated from his girlfriend Selin. He deeply suffers from love pain but doesn't lose his hope of regaining her. Then he meets the mysterious Defne, who encourages him to take action before everything is too late. With the other close friends of Mehmet, they make a secret plan to bring back the lost love, Selin who is a very popular singer now, and the hopeful adventure which no one is sure of its ending whether it will be happy or not, begins. I bet anyone can get better at golf than you are in one week, a golfer says to her golfing businessman for a boyfriend in a quarrel. Unfortunately Stig-Helmer is standing nearby when the boyfriend accepts the bet, and he is chosen to be the competitor. Stig-Helmer has never played the game before, but his Norwegian friend Ole promises to help him. The Blocher Experience tells the story of Switzerland's most controversial political leader. It also chronicles the face-to-face encounter between a film-maker and a man of power, through a year of exclusive, up-close interviews and access to his private life. Jess meets Casey, a very openly gay woman and quickly the girls form a strong romantic bond which forces Jess to come to terms with her true sexuality; risking her family and hurting her best friend/husband. After his young son dies from the negligence at a hospital, Harry Fertig takes matters into his own hands and kills the doctors responsible. Slick lawyer Roy Bleakie, looking only to win a case and not caring of the matters involved, is assigned Fertig's case. Shocked to hear that his client wants to plead guilty, the case causes Bleakie to question his own morals by defending an honorable man. Italian comedy After he inherits some money, Harold Bissonette ("pronounced bis-on-ay") decides to give up the grocery business, move to California and run an orange grove. Despite his family's objections and the news that the land he bought is worthless, Bissonette packs up and drives out to California with his nagging wife Amelia and children. 1980s. Brazilian television exploding in color and auditorium programs not so politically correct. In the middle of this fervor, Augusto Mendes, a young rising actor, seeks his place in the sun. From porn studios to soap operas, he finally finds success and fame when he becomes "Bingo", a TV host clown from one of the audience leader TV shows for children. It turns out that behind the rice powder and red nose, nobody knows who he is. Detective Philip Lovecraft lives in Los Angeles in the 1950s when an ambitious Senator is holding hearings, on Magic. Magic is the new influence in Tinsel Town. Lovecraft is unique in that he is the only one who refuses to use magic in his work. Shortly after he is hired, he finds his client, Kim Hudson, accused of the murder of her husband, a film executive. Philip uses the talents of a local witch, Kropotkin, to explain what is happening only to see her accused of the murder and sentenced to be burnt at the stake. Reminiscent of Roger Rabbit, without the toons. In a reality TV show created by the U.S. government about spies, audiences go on fake undercover missions, but fact cannot be easily distinguished from fiction. Two friends, Ram Bharose and tech genius Cyberjeet, create a website that helps lovers to elope. The site is an instant hit; young couples line up for the opportunity to escape strict families and run away with the ones they love. Hans calls his girlfriend Heinz, which tells you everything you need to know about their relationship. They're a typical couple who're stuck in a rut after eight years. Hans works at a copy shop and Heinz is an actress relegated to voicing a cartoon stoplight. On their anniversary, they go to the movies. It's a romance. But the spark on screen just doesn't strike them. When Hans gives Heinz's ex her phone number instead of putting up a fight over her, Heinz' alarm bells go off: How can this be love? They decided to make a list of everything than makes up a real love: Romance, desire, passion, jealousy, drama - deep feelings, in other words. Hans and Heinz methodically start checking off their list and realize: Real life is nothing like the movies. Two aging fighters in LA, friends, get a call from a Vegas promoter because his undercard fighters for a Mike Tyson bout that night are suddenly unavailable. He wants them to box each other. They agree as long as the winner gets a shot at the middleweight title. They enlist Grace, Cesar's current and Vinnie's ex girlfriend, to drive them to Vegas. Roman is a born proofreader from a family of proofreaders, a real intellectual from St. Petersburg who comes to Narva-Joesuu, a small Estonian spa town, to find inspiration, tranquility, and silence. He does proofreading of the encyclopedia of the Baltic Sea Fishes, compiled in the same location by Professor Polyanski, winner of the Nobel Prize. This work is very important for Roman. He would have accomplished his task, but once he swam too far in the sea. It was then that Helena came into his life, to change his ideas about the world forever. GO Ju-yeon is a self-centered diva who always gets what she wants: fame, money, and even good-looking young boyfriends. But now that she's in her 40s and going downhill in her acting career, she wonders whether she should settle down with her secret boyfriend who is 12 years younger than her, although the rookie actor is only interested in taking advantage of her fame, cheating behind her back. Discovering this, she realizes that she needs someone definite in her life: her own baby. When sheepish high school senior Luke Modeno finds out that all of the girls at school have taken a secret oath not to date him, he must discover why. But his search for answers reveals some dark secrets about the school and the students there. A message to your family. When a man and a woman swap jobs and cities temporarily, they face many problems large and small, but their phone calls develop into romance. An elderly couple will stop at nothing to make it to the bank. Martina was a famous singer in Argentina during the late 90s, who's become completely frigid and disenchanted with love. The arrival of a so-called sister, alongside her attractive boyfriend, compel Martina to go to Chile with one objective in mind: getting back her libido. A mother's plan to find her bachelor son a match derails when a new prospect turns up and sinister schemes unfold.  A very busy Moscow day can drive anyone crazy... Your favorite animals are back for an all-new family adventure! Join Maurice, the beloved penguin-tiger, and the Jungle Bunch on their exciting quest for hidden pirate treasure! Hold on to your seats, because the wacky treasure hunt includes all sorts of new adventures and silly surprises, including booby traps, a village of crazy rabbits, and a mysterious "Yellow Dragon." Can the Jungle Bunch outsmart Captain Grubby Beard, his evil gang of Pirates, and an outrageous heap of obstacles to find the precious hidden treasure? When Apollo, a kind-hearted travelling performer, lands in the village of the Funny Little Bugs, it's not too long before he upsets the life of the kingdom. As Apollo falls into a trap set by Wendy, the jealous and treacherous cousin of the queen, he is framed for kidnapping Queen Marguerite, causing panic in the hive! In reality, Marguerite is held by the Vermin, Wendy's accomplices, while she takes over the throne. With the help of his new friends, Apollo embarks on a perilous rescue mission. To free the Queen and save the hive, the Little Bugs will bravely face many dangers and be more imaginative than ever! A Cantonese street cook and his chief rival, a French-trained Michelin-starred chef, discover they have a lot in common as they prepare for a world-famous culinary competition. An international culinary competition becomes a battleground between rival cooks, one famous for his Cantonese street food and the other a Michelin-starred chef trained in France. But their rivalry takes an unexpected turn when they discover a common foe and combine their skills in a fusion of East and West. After the death of their best friend, three young women decide to complete her bucket list - only to find one particular entry exceptionally challenging: finding true love. This winter is extraordinary; Moomintroll decides  to stay awake to explore the winter instead of hibernating as usually. And winters are certainly totally different than he had imagined. Strangest creatures wander amidst the snowdrifts; midwinter darkness surrounds the Moominvalley, and on top of that, an eccentric guest is soon to appear. This guest requires many measures, and is called Christmas, Hemulen tells to a surprised Moomintroll. Three teenaged best friends on the planet Telluria begin an incredible journey of adventure as they fight against the most evil being in the universe. The Chennai Sharks XI team goes to Theni for the marriage of their teammate Ragu, and get into a tiff with the local team that becomes a threat to the wedding. Naveen Richard combines his slice of life comedy along with his iconic facial expressions and striking character work that his audiences have grown to love. Stand Up the Musical is a one hour stand up special by Aadar Malik. The special is about music including stories of his life which are humorous and also funny. A six-grader is looking for ancient reassure during winter vacations. Documentary short film demonstrating the process by which waste fats from the kitchens of American homes can be transformed into the raw materials for explosives for the war effort.  Documenting a group of Green Jello superfans-turned-band members and their journey touring with the infamous band and it's fearless leader and founder BILL MANSPEAKER. Funded by a successful Kickstarter campaign, the film includes live performances, back stage antics, interviews with current and previous band members, a lesson on the band's history, and much more. Michael is a young Irish banker, whose life begins to unravel after causing a stranger's death in an accident. Sifiso is a teenager living in a shack in a Cape Town township, dreaming of escape. When their stories unexpectedly collide, their impact on one another's lives is far greater, and more surprising, than either could have imagined. Jimmy Rabbitte, just a tick out of school, gets a brilliant idea: to put a soul band together in Barrytown, his slum home in north Dublin. First he needs musicians and singers: things slowly start to click when he finds three fine-voiced females virtually in his back yard, a lead singer (Deco) at a wedding, and, responding to his ad, an aging trumpet player, Joey "The Lips" Fagan. Twenty years have passed since the sudden disappearance of Amy, who was the femme fatale in her film studies group. Something that Naoko said triggers emotions that were frozen in time for the group's members, who see each other for the first time after a long absence: Asada Iida,Naoko,Okamoto,Miho,Goto and Kizuka.  A taco shop's business is jeopardized when a gourmet taco truck parks across the street. 'Cape No. 7' director Wei Te-Sheng returns to his melodic roots with Taiwan's first musical, '52Hz, I Love You.' Based on Vocaloid songs from "Kokuhaku Jikko Iinkai ~Renai Series~" by HoneyWorks, the movie is the second film based on the songs, following Tetsuya Yanagisawa's previous anime, "I Want to Let You Know That I Love You". Blue Noon is an avant-garde film inspired by the works of Franco and Rollin that intertwines several directors' visions of various time periods of the desolate immortal life of a mate-hungry seductress who has a mysterious connection to the sea. Newspaper reporter Rebecca Chandler, who feels she got no fair chance to prove her worth in her thee years career, looks forward to a Hawaian holiday with her fiance Ryan, but instead of a ring he brings her- walking orders, he found better. So she accepts again to be the bachelor on duty in the Christmas season, and write the annual romantic non-news feel good-story, once more about the elusive Secret Santa in small-town Hamden, where the Christmas spirit it said to last all year. Bad luck follows her from Indianapolis: her car breaks down, she can only get lodgings in a home for the elderly without Internet, and nobody wants to help her unmask the secret Santa. Soon she guesses it must be the only rich philanthropist, but the popular Mr. John Martin Carter doesn't grant her an interview and isn't tricked either, in fact meets her at the worst repeatedly without her knowing him... Cultures clash and families collide when an Iranian woman finds love with an eccentric bisexual artist. A young boy delivers food in the summer vacation for this mother, who has some sort of a restaurant. Suddenly his uncle Mario, who lives in Italy, visits them by surprise. The boy's life changes when he follows his uncle one night to an appointment. After that night things will never be the same. When his family decides to move, Dika's life is turned upside down. But with big change comes a chance to reconnect with his high school sweetheart. At Fallbrook Middle School, the annual student-elected Teacher of the Year award is held. And every year for the last 43 years Norman Warner or most fondly called Stormin' Norman Warner has won the award. Now that he has died, the burden of carrying the legacy falls into the hands of Matt Warner, the son of the late Norman Warner who has always lived in the shadow of his father. A German girl comes to LA and triumph over robberies, betrayals and bad luck as she endures a series  of misadventures on her way to see her idol...Willy. Chico has dedicated his whole life to CINE SAO PAULO. The building, inherited from his father, is now badly deteriorated. Refurbish it, in order to make the old movie theater get back to work, becomes his great obsession. Festival of the Spoken Nerd are the science comedy phenomenon that will feed your brain, tickle your ribs and light your Bunsen burner. Full Frontal Nerdity guaranteed!  Stand-up mathematician Matt Parker (Discovery Channel You Have Been Warned), experiments maestro Steve Mould (ITV1 I Never Knew That About Britain) and geek songstress Helen Arney (BBC2 Coast) mix astonishing science with statistically significant comedy, plus experiments that electrify their audiences - sometimes literally.  Since their last smash hit tour show Full Frontal Nerdity, the Nerds have filmed their first DVD (available now) and racked up over a million views on YouTube for their experiments, songs and stand-up. As well as sell-out shows all over the UK, the Nerds have performed at Shakespeare's Globe, Hammersmith Apollo with Robin Ince and Brian Cox, The British Library, TED, Udderbelly and Latitude Festival. Best Friends Forever (BFF) is the 16th year anniversary presentation of Star Cinema starring the Megastar Sharon Cuneta and the Comedy Queen Ai Ai delas Alas. Sharon and Ai Ai will be playing as best friends in this comedy film helmed by box-office director Wenn Deramas of Tanging Ina and Ang Tanging Ina N'yong Lahat. A story about the adventures of a newly engaged couple in their relatives residence outside Nigeria, and how the secrets of their host led to the eventual breakup of their union amidst the culture shock of the new country and living with upper-class citizens. (Wikipedia) A celebrated journalist interviews one of the world's most dreaded terrorists, "D". A boy falls in love with his junior in a Kyoto college club, and struggles daily to be noticed by her. However, she is naive and unsophisticated and is completely indifferent to him.   Within the course of a night, Woody Harrelson finds himself in a misadventure in London that winds him up in prison. Sam and Lucie Bell are a married couple who seem to have it all: good looks, succesful careers, matching motorikes, and an enthusiastic love life. The only thing they lack is the one thing they want more--a baby. A divorced couple fights for the custody of their three children: neither of them wants it. Mom wants to leave them to dad, and vice versa. After a distastrous first date for caterer Holly and network sports director Messer, all they have is common is a dislike for each other and their love for their goddaughter Sophie. But when they suddenly become all Sophie has in this world, Holly and Messer must set their differences aside. Juggling careers and social calendars, they'll have to find common ground while living under the same roof. A self-loathing, failed Eastside novelist living in the 'hipster' neighborhood of Echo Park in Los Angeles is shocked to find himself falling in love with everything he hates, including a simple All-American blonde girl from the Westside. Je-In (Ha Ji-Won) is a mystery novel writer. She chases after a serial killer with her longtime friend Rok-Hwan (Chun Jung-Myung). Rok-Hwan is a detective. A handsome and mysterious man, Jason (Chen Bolin), appears in front of them.  Setsuko, a 55-year-old single 'office lady' in Tokyo, is given a blonde wig and a new identity, 'Lucy,' by her young unconventional English instructor. 'Lucy' awakens desires Setsuko never knew she had. When the instructor suddenly disappears, Setsuko must come to terms with what remains--herself. Dave and Joe, just evicted from their Oakland apartment, turn to stealing cars and dealing Fluoride to make their financial ends meet. One night they find Summer Hayes, star of a popular 1990's teen soap, in the trunk of a stolen automobile. Shoot-outs, car chases, and overdoses ensue. In the Fluoride heightened world of "Medias Res", nothing is what it at first appears to be.  As the title implies, Tom and Jerry are in a bowling alley. Both spend a lot of time sliding on the well-polished lanes. Eventually, Jerry takes up residence among the pins and Tom tries to bowl him down. WWE Diva Diaries 2007 appeared to be a TV Special in Japan, I assume it was shown on J-Sports their Japanese Sky Sports channel but I'm not sure. I actually love this DVD because it looks like it's becoming one of the most obscure Japanese releases in WWE history which someday can be worth a lot more than I paid for. Basically it's the best of the WWE Divas division recapping 2006-2007 as hosted by Todd Grisham (yup, that ESPN Sports Center anchor nowadays), of course be warned there are commercials around this special such as the Japanese subtitled WWE Royal Rumble 2008 PPV and the Don't Try This PSAs. The holidays have arrived in Los Angeles where fledgling comedian Liza Ocampo is determined to commit suicide. Unable to pull the trigger herself, she hires a newly legalized "hit man firm" to do the dirty work for her. But when she arrives for her date with death, she finds the appointment has been double booked.. A husband and wife have been married for 50 years. For her birthday, the husband asks the wife what she wants for her birthday present. She replies that she wants a divorce. The wife's divorce announcement sends the entire family into chaos. A short directed by Christian Kreil. Pupul is twelve years old. But, instead of studying and playing like other twelve year old, the only thing that interests him is solving cases. His two friends, Tatai and Bhebli, are equally enthusiastic on being sleuths and assisting Pupul. Pupul calls himself Captain Spark , roams around with a toy pistol and dreams of possessing a durbin (binocular), which, according to him, will make him a real detective. So when his uncle presents him one on his birthday, disaster strikes. Looking through the durbin, Pupul witnesses a murder and decides to catch the culprit. Life of three men comes in trouble when their photos appear on advertisement for sterilization. The story of the dog from the title, who in a frame narrative explains how he came to be transformed from an unemployed communist filmmaker into a canine with a philosophical bent.  Unable to finance his new project, young Berlin-based director Julian tells foreign exchange student Camille that his job in the countryside is research for an upcoming film. When Camille offers to help, he is forced to uphold the lie. The plantation isn't the proletarian idyll he had hoped for, but fortunately the reincarnation of Francis of Assisi provides spiritual insight and a new aim in life. Willi  premieres his own reality show and the first guest is the famous telenovela actress, Elsy Ferrer.. It immediately captivates the public with absurd and hilarious situations inspired by the routines of the most celebrated hosts of Latin American television. Opens with Bleek as a child learning to play the trumpet, his friends want him to come out and play but mother insists he finish his lessons. Bleek grows into adulthood and forms his own band - The Bleek Gilliam Quartet. The story of Bleek's and Shadow's friendly rivalry on stage which spills into their professional relationship and threatens to tear apart the quartet.  The story of two brothers who lead totally different lives. Jake Hunt enjoys life to the fullest in Thailand, while his shy brother Oliver deals with his own depressions back home in the USA. Their dominant mother wants Jake back home and for this reason, Oliver is sent to Thailand to retrieve his brother. Once there, Oliver finds himself in Jake's bizarre life and falls in love with a beautiful girl, Lek. However, it is not a coincidence that she and Oliver have met   Nine celebrities invited to a mysterious island, but strangely, one by one, they got killed. And the culprit is one of them. With friends like these, who needs enemies? That's the question bad guy Porter is left asking after his wife and partner steal his heist money and leave him for dead -- or so they think. Five months and an endless reservoir of bitterness later, Porter's partners and the crooked cops on his tail learn how bad payback can be. A young man is on a quest to find a mythical strain of cannabis called the SUPERPSYCHOCEBU. Along the way, he meets characters that appear to have lost their minds after trying it, one of them even possessed by the Devil, at which point he starts questioning whether he's in for some good weed or just one hell of a bad trip. A cop is looking for the killer of his friend. Amy, Kiki and Carla - three under-appreciated and over-burdened women - rebel against the challenges and expectations of the Super Bowl for mothers: Christmas. And if creating a more perfect holiday for their families wasn't hard enough, they have to do all of that while hosting and entertaining their own mothers. Cinderella's Hot Night presents a lively retelling of the classic fairy tale...with a slightly more mature, erotic twist. Follow the adventures of the bewildered Cindy as she falls prey to her wicked sex-crazed benefactor all the while pining for her secret love, a noble European Prince. With the help of her smoking hot Fairy Godmother, Cindy finally realizes her dream of becoming a real-life Princess. When a party bus on its way to Burning Man filled with a bunch of sexy young adults breaks down in the desert and in the middle of a group of Satanic worshippers, all hell literally breaks loose. A massacre leaves seven survivors trapped on the bus, fighting for their lives while wondering if someone or someones are not what they seem. A group of college researchers go camping deep in the Florida Everglades. While entering forbidden Native American territory after being advised not to, the group encounters the infamous Swamp Ape. Bookshop clerk Maggie Malone is granted three wishes after she finds a first-edition copy of Charles Dickens' Great Expectations.  The third volume from the new hit TV series includes four fun and spooky episodes for Halloween. Vampire Strikes Back: The gang runs into a real life vampire in a Transylvanian castle Mummy Scares Best: The gang investigates a mummy on the loose in Egypt High-Tech House of the Future: The gang is trapped in a beserk automated house of the future at the Omaha World Fair She Sees a Sea Monster by the Sea Shore: The gang's tropical island vacation is ruined by a boat-smashing sea monster. Erwin enjoyed a glorious career at a young age, and had a beautiful lover who is equally successful, Natalie. But, all so complicated when Koh Afuk whose health has worsened, wants to bequeath to Erwin store basic food needs, his favorite child. Therefore, Yohan, Erwin's brother, furious because bypassed. As the eldest son who was more attentive to her parents, Yohan sure he and his wife, Ayu, is the most entitled to continue the store. Unfortunately, Koh Afuk difficult to believe that Yohan always rebelled. Coming of age story about a young adult who is living out of his car and his journey to get his life together. A woman promises her uncle that she will marry a Punjabi man, but in reality, she has other plans up her sleeve. A teenage girl on vacation in the Bahamas with her divorced father tries to impress a potential boyfriend by saying that her father is actually her lover. Remake of the 1991 French film Mon pere, ce heros. A feature film based on the documentary "Our Brand Is Crisis", which focuses on the use of American political campaign strategies in South America. Mechanic Stepanych goes on a tourist trip to Spain with his wife and daughter. Being tired of them Stepanych is looking forward to meet his friend Semyon. Yanychar is a killer hired by oligarch Vorkutidze and is also waiting for Semyon in Spain. To save his small town from being left by the last inhabitants, the Mayor organizes a false case of murder to attract media attention. His plan initially succeeds, but soon the situation will go out of control. Wake Up Sid! is the story of a lazy Mumbai college student who does absolutely nothing, with a turn of events will Sid realize his potential in this world and become a success in the fast-paced life of Mumbai. Two sex addicts go for a vacation in Courmayeur where they hope to be cured of their problem  A police detective is going through different adventures while he is stuck in a little boy body. Based on book series by Ernest Prakasa (himself), it tells how Ernest have to deal with his life as a Chinese-born, how he often got bullied in school, and how he decided to find a local girl to marry. She's the Boss follows two co-workers whose secret relationship could compromise their jobs. Both want marriage, but neither want to quit, they comically try to sabotage one another into leaving their job. When lapsed Jew and former cardiologist Harry (James Caan) suddenly decides to spend his retirement as a pig farmer in Nazareth, Israel, the move deeply shocks his family and his new neighbours. Back in New York, Harry's ex-wife Monica (Rosanna Arquette) is trying to manage the lives of their adult children, Annabelle and David (Jonathan Rhys Meyers), as well as her own. The journey of a struggling singer 'Fanney Khan' who aspires to make his daughter a big name in the music world. Cosmo Vittelli, the proprietor of a sleazy, low-rent Hollywood cabaret, has a real affection for the women who strip in his peepshows and the staff who keep up his dingy establishment. He also has a major gambling problem that has gotten him in trouble before. When Cosmo loses big-time at an underground casino run by mobster Mort, he isn't able to pay up. Mort then offers Cosmo the chance to pay back his debt by knocking off a pesky, Mafia-protected bookie. A doting father gives his nod to his daughter's conditions for marriage and the confusions and struggle which the family faces following that... A young man who moves into a village gets close to an old childless couple, and takes on the local big shot. The Space Squad returns in the sequel to the original Space People. When Captain Vek Tempus is framed for an assassination attempt on the galactic president, he's forced to go on the run and return to the planet Earth. As he and his crew attempt to clear his name, they come into contact with enemies both old and new-but-strangely-familiar.   Stand-Up Comedy Anders Matthesens seventh, critically acclaimed one-man show is about silence and lack thereof. Though it is anything but silent, when the King of Danish standup brings the house down. Watch the best one-man show in 2016, performed around Denmark for 6 months to sold out venues! A jailed swindler leaps at the chance to earn parole in return for taking care of his estranged brother, an athlete who recently lost his sight.  Raymond Mays plans to improve his life by divorcing his wife, but the strategy backfires when a judge awards her every dime of his net worth -- and soon Raymond begins looking for other ways to dump her without relinquishing all of his money. Tells the story of a young man who is settled in his job and is now going through the exciting journey of finding love.  Penny works at a supermarket and Phil is a gentle taxi-driver. Penny's love for Phil has run dry and they lead joyless lives with their two children, Rachel, a cleaner, and Rory, who is unemployed and aggressive. A love story of her name and two men in love Viven gangster. With a difficult decision to choose one of two people to marry, so she decided to marry both !!! But, the story is not over ... After the marriage, the marriage of Viven becomes worse than ever, with humorous situations am.Khi dread both husband gangster chased by a notorious big brother is watching them wanted to go. A coffee grower, still single at 40, decides to finally start his search for love by going to the capital city on the Dominican Republic. Three fat guys get into diverse troubles as they decide to undergo weight-reducing surgery. They could not be more different - Cuky is a wannabe blogger, Luky a star desperate for love. The latter can get the man of her dreams only if she turns an ordinary girl into a beauty pageant queen. The catch is that the ordinary girl is Cuky.  Two childhood friends face adulthood in different ways. Life is still a game for them - girls, football, parties. But the choices they make will determine the course of their lives and put their friendship to the test. In the Balkans, every generation has their own reasons to leave. This is a story about a generation caught in the transition from socialism to capitalism, marked by a brutal war. At the dawn of humanity, one tribe of cave-people survives the many trials of prehistoric life under the wise leadership of Jemilla, The Peacemaker. Jemilla taught her people to express themselves, rather than bashing each others' heads with rocks and eating each others' babies. But one member of the tribe doesn't seem to fit in: Zazzalil. She's always trying to invent things to make life easier... for herself. While out hatching her latest scheme, Zazzalil stumbles upon the most important discovery in history. One that will pit her tribe against wooly mammoths, saber-toothed tigers, and change the world forever. She'll travel from omega to alpha, and become... the Firebringer!  A house robbery in suburbia goes awry. After moving to a retirement home, restless talent manager Al reconnects with long-ago client Buddy and coaxes him back out on the comedy circuit. First feature film directed by Diogo Morgado. Kjell needs to fix some shelves to the walls in his apartment and borrows a Black&amp;Decker drill from a neighbour. Kjell is very amused by drilling holes, and takes up a slightly bizarre fascination for the drill. One day the neighbour comes to get it back... In an effort to force her boyfriend to grow up, Chloe breaks up with him thinking that he will crawl back to her. Instead, she does not hear from him for six months until she finally bumps into him only to find out that he is getting married. A distraught mother must cope with her embittered daughter who has the ability to cause "accidents" to happen. Two musicians witness a mob hit and struggle to find a way out of the city before they are found by the gangsters. Their only opportunity is to join an all-girl band as they leave on a tour. To make their getaway they must first disguise themselves as women, then keep their identities secret and deal with the problems this brings - such as an attractive bandmate and a very determined suitor. Zorkon and Galaxia are a couple of aliens who come to Earth to learn how to reproduce in order to save their dying race. However, things go awry after Galaxia discovers that she's a lesbian, which in turn could undermine the success of their mission. Taking the stage in Washington, D.C., funnyman Bill Burr brings his stinging brand of humor to the spotlight, uncorking a profanity-laced, incisive routine that pokes fun at plastic surgery, reality TV, gold diggers and more. On a weekend getaway at a rundown cabin in the woods, Jason, a cautious teen, his crude best friend Colin and his fearless older sister Summer are forced to work together, grow up and save their hard-partying parents from their predatory neighbor intent on feeding them all to her undead family.  Three old fiends decide to take vacation from the everyday life and join the archeological expedition. Recording of Phil Nichol's 2006 show "The Naked Racist" at the Garrick Theatre in London. A young man is plunged into a life of subterfuge, deceit and mistaken identity in pursuit of a femme fatale whose heart is never quite within his grasp  Making Waves is the story of Cella (Jacqueline Blom) and her 71-year-old mother Johanna (Kitty Courbois). Life smiles upon Cella. Happily divorced, having two children and a successful job as a presenter at a local station, for which she interviews people every morning who take the ferry across the IJ river. In her enthusiasm, Cella resembles her mother, once a celebrated violinist, but the similarity also causes friction between the two women. Just when Cella meets a new love, her father's sudden death puts her life on a different track. Johanna increasingly muddles past and present and brings back fragments of memories that point to a painful secret she carries on her back. Cella tries to dig up the truth. Bihari made under "Directions Stories" blog by Victoria Comedy / Romko, which Viku try to find life (big) one love One night, when all the women are abducted from the village, Sabri Firildak and his friends enter a magical forest to get their wives back. Giacomo befriends a man, believing that he is the reincarnation of his dead father. Vignettes weaving together the stories of six individuals in the old West at the end of the Civil War. Following the tales of a sharp-shooting songster, a wannabe bank robber, two weary traveling performers, a lone gold prospector, a woman traveling the West to an uncertain future, and a motley crew of strangers undertaking a carriage ride. The story revolves on the amazing adventures of Aw, Em and Gee, who are mild-mannered massage therapists by day and sexy secret agents who solve crimes by night. They are then tasked to embark on a top-level secret mission to retrieve the precious "Perlas Ng Silangan" in exchange for their lives and freedom Shahid struggles to find love in the Asian community due to the stigma of his divorce, several years prior. The YouTube-stars Prebz and Dennis get a warning from a fortune teller that something horrible is going to happen, and Prebz takes on his biggest challenge ever. Confident that he's the next great Japanese thespian, Matsumoto Fighter and his manager roam the streets of Shibuya to promote him. When he finds out that up-andcoming indie director Matsunaga Daishi is holding auditions for his latest film, Matsumoto pulls out all the stops to get in. Director Ninomiya Ken began this project as a Borat-esque mockumentary about the desperate measures aspiring actors take to break into show business. But when Fighter and his manager push the limits of their unsuspecting prey a little too far, fiction and reality begin to overlap in disturbing and surprisingly violent ways. Will Fighter finally get his big break, or will his dreams come crumbling down? Karni feels detached. Detached from the world, detached from her country, detached from her language and even her own body. That is, until she meets Jessica, who happens to be on a much needed break from her dreamlike American life. When a band at radio station KIKO starts playing hot music, the instruments start spitting out flames, and the whole building is soon ablaze. The band can't stop playing as Kiko the fireman tries to put it out. A family come together for the testament after the grandmother dies. Steve Bell, Tommy, Pig, Ape, and String are run of town.  Steve, while hopping a freight card and trying to avoid the brakeman, is killed.  The boys meet Steve's mother, Alice Bell and Tommy is given a job in the storage garage which she owns jointly with Mack Steward.  Steve's brother Don Bell is working with some gangsters by tipping them off on valuable merchandise that can be hijacked.  Pig, Ape and String overhear Don's plans to use Tommy as the fall guy in the next hijacking. Randy commits a crime that would normally get him probation and a hefty fine, but in the "three-strikes" world of justice, he finds himself locked up for 25 years. His cellmate Jake is a congenial yet remorseless lifer who casually informs Randy that he slit his wife's throat because she slept with another man just three months after they exchanged vows. Jake recognizes Randy's fear and offers him advice on how to make it in prison. But it soon becomes clear that Jake has much more than mentoring in mind as he takes Randy under his wing. "Jailbait" sets a darkly cerebral tone, juxtaposing brutality with the unattainable ideal of intimacy in the harshest of psychological environments. For these two men so yearning to be anything but who they are and where they are, power is the goal, and it's never clear who truly holds it right up to the last unsettling moment After planning to leave the city with his girlfriend, a young man must first betray her in order to save his brother from a deadly situation. Nandini Joshi, an award-winning photographer, is going through a personal crisis. Even as her busy husband and stubborn daughter continue to neglect her, Nandini struggles to find a sense of purpose and dignity. Will she ever rediscover the lost verve for life? Hangover story of three worn-out friends at summer vacance. Henry IV is dead and Hal is King. With England in a state of unrest, he must leave his rebellious youth behind, striving to gain the  respect of his nobility and people. Laying claim to parts of France and following an insult from the French Dauphin, Henry gathers his troops and prepares for a war that he hopes will unite his country. Gregory Doran continues his exploration of Shakespeare's History Plays with Henry V performed in the 600th anniversary year of the Battle of Agincourt. Following his performance as Hal in Henry IV Parts I & II Alex Hassell returns as Henry V. Liu (Stephen Fung) awaits execution after he is convicted of murdering his friends. According to Chinese superstition, the souls of the dead have 49 days to wander the earth before going to heaven or hell for an eternity. Liu and his lawyer (Gilian Chung) must find a way to intersect with the spirits to prove his innocence. In this YouTube Red Original, DJ Khaled and Mariah Carey drop a holiday hater (Rudy Mancuso) into a mystical winter wonderland where an all-star cast of lyrical troublemakers show him the true meaning of Christmas.   A claymation movie made by the boys from Tell 'em Steve-Dave, featuring a cast of characters &amp; inside jokes from the podcast! Two mercenaries try to clean up their life but are unable to.  Isabelle, Parisian artist, divorced mother, is looking for love, true love, at last. A quirky couple spends their three-year dating anniversary looking back at their relationship and contemplating whether they should break up. PARIS WINDOW is the tense, funny, surreal second film from acclaimed filmmaker Amanda Kramer (LADYWORLD).  Siblings Sunny and Julian live a hermetically sealed existence, one defined by codes and games that only they understand. This strange bliss is upturned by the arrival of David, Sunny's new boyfriend who bares an uncanny resemblance to Julian.  A threatening connection between David and a television self-help hypnotist summons suspicion in Julian, and fears of conspiracy.  Paris Window is a narrative experiment, a film that generates its own logic and cinematic grammar. An upside down Bunuel universe with touch of noir, and a pinch of Chaplin.  Featuring a sizzling atmospheric score from composer Ben Babbitt.  Starring Noel David Taylor (vimeo.com/noeldavidtaylor), Sophie Kargman and Gina Piersanti The second televised production of "A Midsummer Night's Dream" with Helen Mirren in the cast, although this time in a different role (Titania). In the 1968 production, which was released to movie theatres in Europe, but premiered in the U.S. on CBS-TV, Ms. Mirren played Hermia. Leon is in his mid-twenties and terminally ill. He invents a technology that allows him to computerize his mind and live forever. This technology will be the downfall of mankind, so freedom fighter Aqua travels back from the future to kill him. The two fall in love and turbulent events follow.  On a business trip to India, an NRI fantasises about getting into a relationship with the young wife of his middle-aged driver. After 39 years together, Ben and George finally tie the knot, but George loses his job as a result, and the newlyweds must sell their New York apartment and live apart, relying on friends and family to make ends meet.  Two contrasting visions of life: on the one hand, the "rock" and adventurous of the brave Livia, cellist without maternal instinct; on the other hand, the reassuring routine of his sister Tina, shy urban vigilant with an ardent desire for maternity. A zombie apocalypse threatens the sleepy town of Little Haven - at Christmas - forcing Anna and her friends to fight, slash and sing their way to survival, facing the undead in a desperate race to reach their loved ones. But they soon discover that no one is safe in this new world, and with civilization falling apart around them, the only people they can truly rely on are each other. Planted by his fiancee at the airport, Bruno flies away alone for a week in an All Inclusive Caribbean vacation club. Bad news never comes alone, he will have to share his room with Jean-Paul Cisse, eternal bachelor very invading . Alvin signed a book deal for a book depicting love in modern age based on his own experiences. But he did not count on the fact that return to those experiences hurts. There's no better time of year than Christmas, especially in South Park. So, stop fighting with the family, gather 'round the fire and watch these classic South Park episodes. Join in as the citizens of South Park sing many of everyone's favorite holiday classics like, "Mr Hankey, the Christmas Poo" and "Christmas Time in Hell". See the boys bring Christmas to Iraq and learn how hard it is to be a Jew during this holiday season. Christmas is a time when we all can put aside our differences and agree on what the holidays are really about: presents! 'Matters Arising' which has a village setting was shot in Enugu, Southeast Nigeria. It is the story of a married thrift collector, who does not live up to his responsibilities, he is always finding fault in his wife. According to Ruth, it is a movie that seeks to bring happiness to movie lovers and at the same time teach people that it is more honourable to own up to their responsibilities.  Legend has it that five locks protect the world's magic power, but it accidentally selected a "nobody" " Pig Man (Zhang Zikun) as its owner. Forced to give up his land and home, Texas rancher Red Bovie isn't about to retire quietly in a dismal trailer park. Instead he hops in his Cadillac and hits the road with his estranged grandson for one last wild adventure filled with guns, women and booze. It's just another night in Old Mexico.  A tragedy provokes a mortuary makeup artist and a musician to make changes in their lives after they receive unexpected guidance from an eccentric Internet Guru, Kali Mah Tina. An exceptional marathi stage play describing the human relationships in a strange manner An intrusive censor interferes with the filming of a melodrama. One evening, Hammer gives a ride to Christina, an attractive hitchhiker on a lonely country road, who has escaped from the nearby lunatic asylum. Thugs waylay them and force his car to crash. When Hammer returns to semi-consciousness, he hears Christina being tortured until she dies. Hammer, both for vengeance and in hopes that "something big" is behind it all, decides to pursue the case. On a Saturday night in Istanbul, despite the pleas of his fiancee, cynical Alper refuses to join the anti-government protests happening on his doorstep. He just wants to stay home for his weekly dose of poker, played with his regular crew of high-school friends. Alper's game is threatened as his friends set off on a series of passionate, and at times ill-thought-out, squabbles on whether they should join the demonstrations or not. Su Fu, a good for nothing brother-in-law tries to steal an age old Chinese pastry recipe from his own brother-in -law in a bid to sell it and get rich quickly. Things quickly take a turn when a God of Fortune sees his plan and decides to turn his life upside down. A movie about making movies about making movies. In 1968, William Greaves shot several pairs of actors in a scene in which a woman confronts her husband and ends their relationship. In "Take 2 1/2," Greaves starts with 1968 takes of one of these pairs of actors plus footage of the crew discussing the film's progress. Then, 35 years later, Greaves brings back to Central Park those actors and some of the original crew (plus others) to film a reunion of the characters Alice and Freddie. We watch scenes of these characters and discussions among the actors and crew. Greaves explores and dramatizes the dialectic in the creative process. The life of Paco Martinez Soria (1902-1982), one of the most famous and beloved Spanish actors, both on stage and screen; a comedian, a theatrical producer, an idol for the masses. A celebration of the uncommon gift of making people laugh. A Christmas special of extraordinary beauty. One hour of magnificent staging, costumes, and music. Featuring Miss Velma Jaggers--famous the world over for her beautiful dramas and called by fashion designers one of the twelve best dressed women in American. Accompanied by the Statesmen Quartet and the Miss Velma Singers and Musicians.  This is the rare and highly beloved complete recording of Miss Velma's holiday spectacular, Christmas in America. Now, presented in amazing low definition, digitally remastered from archival VHS. This is the actual, legendary, one-of-a-kind Christmas cantata extravaganza originally performed and broadcast from the Universal World Church in Los Angeles, California. --Universal World Church Ponge Ezhu Manohara is a 2015 Tamil comedy drama film written and directed by Ramesh Rangaswamy. Irfan play as the hero and the new-find Arundhati Nair as heroine. Sara loses his parents, which forces her to go to a corner of prostitution,where she meets Marcela, a transgender woman. When Marcela finds out that Sara is a virgin, she decides to protect her, knowing it will get her into trouble with her bosses if they find out. The Universal Soldiers are used to smuggle diamonds for a CIA Director, but Luc Deveroux continues to cause him problems. This is what it looks like when Lena Dunham, Spike Jonze, Avicii, Vanessa Hudgens and Michael Shannon get together. Dunham wrote a short film for Sunday night's YouTube Music Awards about a heartbroken guy (Nick Lashaway) whose ex-girlfriend (Hudgens) is hooking up with a daft DJ (Shannon). Things start to look up for the protagonist when he meets an impetuous young woman (Dree Hemingway), but the pleasure is only fleeting thanks to the film's finale, which was chosen by the viewing audience: "a double tragedy" in the vein of "Romeo &amp; Juliet" set to the beat of Avicii's "Wake Me Up" and played for laughs. Two buddies visit a friends couple-urban sophisticate, inhibited parents. While they meet with the baby in his room, the two buddies start on bad jokes about his physique. But they ignore that in the kitchen, everyone hears them through the baby monitor ! Far away deep in the jungle, there is a village of short people. They lived happily hunting and gathering from the surrounding forest. One day, a group of young villager came upon a nest of Elephant fireflies and ate the insects, which resulted in their transformation into a new kind of demon called Krasue.  The Krasues are the creature that glows in the night have only the head with the intestine attached to the head, who will only eat only filthy things.  A journey of the people who are small in size who have to confront the abominations with have only the heads and intestines attached that glow in the night.  They will do everything to protect their love ones and try to get rid of the monsters, even if that means they have to become the monsters themselves. They're two best friends, a million miles from home. On an incredible adventure, beyond the boundaries of space and time. A fantasy about a lonely boy who is transferred from his dull life with his adoptive parents to the land where his real father is the king.  The story revolves around the bus driver of a bus with the plate number 888. He is on a mission filled with chaos, involving the safety of the passengers. An Aardman short film about Angry Kid.  A young man comes out of his apartment and forgets his key for the car at home. He shouts after his mother to make her throwing the key out of the window. He is waiting for his mum. The gleefully irreverent Jefferies skewers "grabby" celebrities, political hypocrisy and his own ill-advised career moves in a brash stand-up special. A man and his wife get themselves a huge gambling debt, and then accidentally get involved in a race with gangsters to obtain a magic mirror. A disgruntled man imagines what the world would be like if everyone were like him.  A mother and daughter dispute is resolved by the "Yaya sisterhood" - long time friends of the mother. After a spending the night with his girlfriend Alice (Jeanne Moreau), trucker Jean (Jean Gabin) encounters a dead body on the road home. He reports the incident to the police who suspect that Jean was responsible for the death and his new truck is impounded. To make matters worse, the man's widow accuses Jean of having robbed her husband of a large amount of money that he was carrying. And then there's that gang of sinister crooks who also are harassing him. Jean is a victim of circumstance and forces beyond his control are closing in on him. But Alice gives him a measure of comfort and stability. With her as his emotional base, he manages to rouse his trucker friends to turn the tables against the gangsters who are pursuing him.  After thirty years in prison, ex-con Ronnie recruits his grandson to exact revenge on Darryl, the cop who put him behind bars. Standing in their way is Ronnie's son, whom Darryl raised. An elite team of six female rookie police recruits fails to graduate as they resist to retreat in the final test when the situation gets out of hand. But their eminence provides them with another opportunity - "The Rafflesia", a special female force that was disbanded 25 years ago when the mission failed, which is now looking for new blood to resume operation.  Their first mission is to capture the notorious triad leader "President", who caused the disbandment of "The Rafflesia" 25 years ago. He takes hostage of medical scientist Yoshida for his knowledge in virus to threaten different countries and ultimately plot a physical robbery.  Eager to become real police officers, the girls accept the offer despite the level of danger involves.  A national cussing battle audition is the nation's hype. People from all over the country audition in becoming the "Cussing King." However, redundant cussing auditioners cause viewership to drop dramatically. The producer decides to revive the show by introducing a regular looking grandmother... Undercover journalists pose as prostitutes as a means to report on and destroy a hidden prostitution business.  It's holiday time in Thailand, with today's Chakri Memorial Day kicking off anticipatory celebrations of next week's Songkran Thai New Year, which is a three-day public holiday from next Wednesday to Friday.In the cinemas, the big Thai tentpole is the Songkran-flavored Luang Phee Jazz 4G (hlwngphiiaecchs 4G, a.k.a. Joking Jazz 4G). It's about a bespectacled, gauge-eared, tattooed hipster with a checkered past who is hiding out as a monk at an isolated mountaintop temple. He's played by hipster comedian Phadung "Jazz Chuanchuen" Songsang. He and his temple-boy friends have an adventure as they are sent to Bangkok on a mission during Songkran. Music Writer Limin was on a road trip in Malaysia. He came across an old mansion and decided to stay to write his unfinished song.  Limin became acquainted to the writer Cow who was living in the mansion. By chance he rescued Tai and Dai, a couple who loved photography. The four had a lot of strange and humorous encounters in the mansion, and had even attracted the attention of the landlord as well as the mysterious Lung Poh and Xiaodie. Xiaodie was murdered 30 years ago. They were touched by her story and decided to help her solve the murder. They asked the help from private investigator Chiyuen but he refused. So they decided to investigate for new clues themselves and surprisingly found ...  The story begins again when Kao (Asia) decides not to have sex for 30 days according to a fortuneteller's advice but Nut (Arm Rattapon), his co-worker, asks to stay with him for a while. Sometimes Nut sleeps in his underwear driving Kao out of control but the more he tries to control, the worse he falls for Nut. In a restaurant where Kao and Nut work for, there are 2 transwomen, Tangkwa (Tanwarin) and Bua (Jennie), having a crush on Kao in the same time so they fight with each other just to win Kao. They are willing to risk losing their long friendship for a waiter they just meet. One day Hanoi (Thanapat), a gay brother, comes to visit his sister who is a restaurant owner. Hanoi tells his sister that he wants to become an air hostess but he can't swim so Game, a restaurant's helper, is assigned to help train swimming and that leads Hanoi to feel something different in his heart. They fall in love and they fight for the love they believe it belongs to everyone equally. The team members of the near-bankrupt Chinese Football Victory Club try anything to raise money they need in order to save their club. Daniel reached the limit of his patience with his wife. The extremely temperamental Natalia is always protesting. But Daniel does not have the courage to ask for a divorce. Thus, he accepts the advice of his friends to hire a famous local Don Juan to seduce his wife and be she who deserted him. Paradesi is a Comedy/Drama/Romance film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao Two cops infiltrate the porn scene in the early 80's.   The story takes place in a harbor town where a gloomy middle school student named Kai meets a mermaid named Lu. The movie XIIa is the sequel of the super successful XIa. In XIIa the journey continues. After two years break, Lina is back to school to teach a new class - a new class, new problems. At home, the situation is also not better. Lina is separated with her cheating husband and her dominating mother is constantly bullying her, Lina's son is maltreated by classmates - at times the tension reaches extreme limits and Lina is about to collapse. Fortunately, she finds support in the sports teacher, a former boxer. The school director is also on her side, so are some of the students. Though the problems with the new class, especially with the beautiful and difficult Megan and between Lina and one of her colleague teachers deepen more and more. The prom is getting closer, the situation is about to escalate Bagus (Ricky Harun) and Masbin (Tora Sudiro) are two cousins   who are willing to sacrifice anything for love. All starts with Bagus who put his heart in Cempaka (Farali Khan), their neighbors in flats. Seeing Cempaka approached by a rich man, Bagus accepts Syamsudin's offer. To be Toni's men, they should have experience of crime. The first crime in their lives is done: kidnapping a child. But it all falls apart, because the child is Toni Montana's from his mistress, Amara (Titi Kamal). They are stuck on a fun and silly runaway. In the process of escape, Bagus falls in love with Sandra (Nasya Marcella), the child's baby sitter. And Masbin falls in love with Amara (Titi Kamal). Love turns out to put them in a more difficult and complicated situation. In 2007 Mobile, Alabama, Mardi Gras is celebrated... and complicated. Following a cast of characters, parades, and parties across an enduring color line, we see that beneath the surface of pageantry lies something else altogether. A small town gorilla joins a local TV program and a series of on-air mishaps threaten to shatter his identity, sending him on an adventure of self-discovery where reality and fantasy start to blend. Popular teen video-bloggers became digital persons after being <<hacked>> by evil computer virus. They need to find their way back home from this <<digital trap>>. Becca, Adam and their 5-year-old daughter Acie are a perfect family until a tragic accident during a 4th of July celebration kills their father. Struggling with grief, Becky decides she needs to leave the family farm and all its memories. She leaves Acie with her grandfather Ben and visits with her friend from school, June. With all the best intent, June offers Becky plenty of distraction from her family life. Fueled by her anger at G*d and loss of faith, Becky starts drinking and making other self-destructive choices. Then, after Becky is arrested, Ben threatens to keep Acie until Becky is back on track. A chance encounter in a bus station with a traveler gives Becky what she needs to restore her faith and reunite with her family. When a son attempts to reconcile with his father, a series of fateful events allow him to experience the father's life in the past. It is an unusual day for the remote and isolated Desire Village. A mysterious Taoist priest brings a magical equipment that can erase one's memory. Since then, all the villagers have forgotten their past, living "happily ever after", while the dangerous plot behind their back is just about to be unveiled... A woman who worries about her love life as she, in a few years will be turning 30, and is obsessed and desperate to meet the one. She then meets a man who, coincidentally, shares the name with the guy in her dreams, making her think that destiny is at work, Juan Carlos returns to the Dominican Republic to reunite with his longtime fiancee, only to find her already married and pregnant. Sunk into despair and with nothing to do, he meets Patricia, who will change his life. When a blood sacrifice opens a portal to Hell, Ebee is returned to Earth where Lucy Furr, the new proprietor of her weed shop, has some sinister plans of her own. Maya, a 19 year old queer pixie, gets romantically involved with her sexually fluid insta-crush and unknowingly inserts herself into a twisted love triangle. Jimmie Fails dreams of reclaiming the Victorian home his grandfather built in the heart of San Francisco. Joined on his quest by his best friend Mont, Jimmie searches for belonging in a rapidly changing city that seems to have left them behind. A present-day idyllic kingdom where the benevolent teenage son of King Adam and Queen Belle offers a chance of redemption for the trouble making offspring of Disney's classic villains: Cruella De Vil (Carlos), Maleficent (Mal), the Evil Queen (Evie) and Jafar (Jay). On the eve of a legendary dance club closing its doors forever, three friends prepare for an epic night of beats, connectivity and revelations. Petit Spirou, like all his family before him, has a career destiny all traced. When his mother announces that he will integrate the grooms school at the beginning of the new school year, Petit Spirou, with the help of his friends, will take advantage of his last days of class to declare his love to Suzette. And no matter how. They decide to live an extraordinary adventure. blah blah blah Zoe, Charlie, and Isaac spend a night flirting with the idea of a threesome... until it finally happens and all hell breaks loose. While two fall deeply in love, two test their sexual limits. They each discover fantasies they never thought they had and try things they never thought they would. Rafael lives an event that will mark him forever: his father dies crushed by a satellite. Twenty years later, Rafael works as a burial ground, and starts a rocambolesque vital journey in which he ends up realizing that his whole life has been orbiting in a busy direction. Sher-e-Hind along with his sidekick Honey Preet Insan have infiltrated the Pakistani army where he gives them a befitting response to all their terrorist activities. "Mountain artillery into the city" is about the struggle of a few stories of rural people into the city, everyone has a tragic history, in fact, is an inspirational history, four Northeast "funk" Cheng Ye, Xiao-Feng Song, Donna, Zhang Fei laugh, or to love or for the fame Rebel Beijing, all kinds of wonderful encounter along the way do not fly journey, finally found the meaning of life. This is the politically incorrect third and final part of the now famously successful trilogy, where Mr. Muller and his problem kids Chantal, Danger and Co. once again take up arms against their sworn enemy, the German education system. An Hungarian youth comes of age at Buchenwald during World War II. Gyorgy Koves is 14, the son of a merchant who's sent to a forced labor camp. After his father's departure, Gyorgy gets a job at a brickyard; his bus is stopped and its Jewish occupants sent to camps. There, Gyorgy find camaraderie, suffering, cruelty, illness, and death. He hears advice on preserving one's dignity and self-esteem. He discovers hatred. If he does survive and returns to Budapest, what will he find? What is natural; what is it to be a Jew? Sepia, black and white, and color alternate to shade the mood. Welcome to hell week. Based on the extraordinary true story of the European city's 1973 bank heist and hostage crisis that was documented in the 1974 New Yorker article "The Bank Drama" by Daniel Lang. The events grasped the world's attention when the hostages bonded with their captors and turned against the authorities, giving rise to the psychological phenomenon known as "Stockholm Syndrome."  When Emily, a struggling baker in a small town, receives a handmade Christmas Calendar from a secret admirer, the local residents become obsessed with finding out the identity of the sender. In trouble with the local authorities, Mabel Simmons, notoriously known as Madea, is on the run from the law. With no place to turn, she moves in with her friend Bam who is recovering from surgery. Unbeknownst to Bam however, Madea is only using the "concerned friend" gag as a way to hide out from the police. Life Is Wonderful is a feel-good movie about love and longing. Best friends Mees and Boelie are spending a beautiful spring day in Amsterdam's Vondelpark. It seems like just a normal day, until they meet the young and attractive Panda. While the heat rises in the park, it's nowhere to be found between the long-married couple Etta and Ernst-Jan. Ernst-Jan suspects Etta of cheating and has his own ideas of how to catch her in the act. We also meet Rosa and Kees, old lovers whose paths cross after decades of not seeing each other. On this spring day in Amsterdam, their love starts blooming again. Udin from  Cimaja, South Sukabumi, always able to solve the village's problems with the solution out of the box. This makes Udin become an idol in the school, especially among his friends, Jeki, Ucup and Inong. Udin has a new "opponent" when Suri, the girl  from Jakarta, moves to the school. Suri is intelligent and has a myriad of achievements. She was suffering from brain cancer, but remains optimistic.  She is determined to realize the dreams of others by regularly holding contest. Suri's different style from the others makes Udin secretly fall in love, despite the fact that Inong also loves Udin.  Suri's joining in the groups, Udin's teams is increasingly solid to resolve the problems: a case of attempted suicide, a teacher who bullies pupils in the school, to the mental disorder. But how clever is Udin, he is powerless to deal with the will of God for Suri. 'The perfect killers just met their match'. The young fella is drawn into a criminal gang of his older brother that engaged in assassinations. But when they on the affair, they face a maniac who opens them hunt. It does not go well with the Romeo's. Especially Chris gets on his hips when Davy once again show up late to a concert where other singers are on the bill. When one of the artists will be attacked just before his performance, Davy intervenes. Chris and Gunther are amazed at his intervention and demand an explanation. Davy takes them to his house and shows how he's been a undercover agent within the HIT mission. More he can not lose on this. But for Chris, this is proof that Davy is no longer with his heart in the Romeo's. He also wants the Romeo's to stop. And that's just on the eve of the European Schlagerfestival... After breaking up with Norberto who ran away to Iceland, Bruno wants to find him. Arnau, a local tour guide in Reykjavik, will enroll in his search. Their trip will become a grieving process until they reach the remote island of Grimsey. After leaving his wife and his job to find happiness, Anders begins a clumsy, heartbreaking quest to reassemble the pieces of his fractured life. Twins separated at birth have taken very different paths: one is an exemplary Christian family man, the other is a delinquent. When they reunite by chance, a sudden circumstance will make the evil twin disguise himself as the good one. As the balance of the world turns upside down for the Anishinabek people, the elder Naamowin builds a healing drum to save his grandson and his people Two Italians are on holiday in Aspen in Colorado. The first one is Lorenzo whose daughter is crazy about Luke Perry (Beverly Hills 90210 actor) and wants to meet him at all costs. The second one wants to win back his wife who has left him because of his gambling problem. Harvie is a smart but a bit too lively boy with one ambition, to finish the last level of his computer game. Once in the Gamers Hall of Fame, his absent-minded father, would finally be proud of him. But finishing the game turns out to be only the start of a real adventure that takes Harvie, his dog Jerry, and his friend Monica deep into the forgotten realms of the city's old puppet museum. Gopala Krishna (Ajay) is a 40 year old man who has got married at an early age. He falls in love with an young aerobic instructor Samhitha (Sana Maqbool). He helps her out and wins her trust. He gets close to her heart. His son Madhu (Naga Shourya) is a college student and he likes Samhitha (an elder by 2 years) without knowing that his father is in love with her. Rest of the story is all about what happens when he comes to know that his father is in love with Samhita and consider marrying her. Due to a female passenger falling out of her top whilst running for the bus Stan is distracted and crashes the bus resulting in the depot managers car being written off. As a result Stan, Jack and Blakey are fired. Stan and Jack soon get new jobs as a bus crew at a Pontins holiday resort but discover that Blakey has also gotten a job there as the chief security guard. Lucinda Regis, Director of Development at MALCO Oceanic Research, becomes the target of a dangerous killer after unraveling a sinister plot to inject sharks with human DNA. When Arizona couple Dean (Chris Modryznski) and Darren's (Cole Burden) dream wedding in Niagara Falls doesn't go quite as they planned, they make the most of it in a ragtag roadside motel run by a professional shyster. RENT's Wilson Heredia, Mel Gorham, and Diane Gaidry star in Scott Rubin and J. Garrett Vorreuter's charming, offbeat romantic comedy. A Gravitas Ventures release.  After his girlfriend breaks up with him, a guy tells his friends that he's going to commit suicide and goes missing. Thus begins a nightmare for the friends This story is about a happy-go-lucky young man, Babu, who falls in love with a girl. However, he runs into a problem while convincing her father to permit them to be together. Balloon kingdoms, dopey police dragons and happy wizards are exactly how Terry remembered his Grandmother's whacky fairy tales. Except they are real and it's definitely not as 'cheerful.' Shut Up and Sing is a documentary about the country band from Texas called the Dixie Chicks and how one tiny comment against President Bush dropped their number one hit off the charts and caused fans to hate them, destroy their CD's, and protest at their concerts. A film about freedom of speech gone out of control and the three girls lives that were forever changed by a small anti-Bush comment Gilbert has to care for his brother Arnie and his obese mother, which gets in the way when love walks into his life. A daredevil designs and operates his own theme park with his friends. Bruce Nolan toils as a 'human interest' television reporter in Buffalo, N.Y., but despite his high ratings and the love of his beautiful girlfriend, Bruce remains unfulfilled. At the end of the worst day in his life, he angrily ridicules God--and the Almighty responds, endowing Bruce with all of His divine powers. Bibaho Diaries is a romantic comedy about what a couple today looks like under a microscope before and after marriage - an account of all the hilarious things that bind them together and ... A group of adults are notified that they have won a competition to spend a night at the famously haunted Mermaid Hotel in Rye, Sussex. However they have not entered a competition and soon after arriving there is a murder and that they are locked in. The murders then begin in earnest..... On 28 December 1999, the citizens of New York City are getting ready for the turn of the millennium. However, the Devil decides to crash the party by coming to the city, inhabiting a man's body, and searching for his chosen bride--a 20-year-old woman named Christine York. The world will end, and the only hope lies within an atheist named Jericho Cane.  On 11 June 1986, one day after Morocco wrote football world cup history by scoring a surprising victory over Portugal, government official Daoud is ordered to secure a bridge outside Casablanca that sits between two hostile communities over an empty highway. Here, he is to await the expected but by no means certain visit of King Hassan II. Encounters with government supporters and the families of political prisoners; the mysterious appearance of a foreign woman and a Berber, as well as the story of a football crazy boy all prove to be a bit much for Daoud. Ever since the bloody 'bread riots' five years earlier, he has felt paralysed. But the euphoria and the hope he encounters here help to lift his mood. The Moroccan team's success unleashes a new self-confidence and lust for life that transcends the surreal shadow of the monarchy. Final year mechanical engineering students, Romario, Riyas, Yoodas, and Athmaram think their lives are miserable since there is not one single girl in their class. Much to their joy, a girl called Riya joins their class and soon becomes friends with the boys. Termed as 'mechrani' of the college, all the boys from the mechanical department begin to flirt with her, leading to comical situations. Two white collar thieves compete fiercely against the other trying to steal to an old baker the millions he won on the lotto. The story of the dysfunctional Tounsia family where Zakia, the matriarch of the family loves her son Selim to the point of enslaving the rest of the family. And the rest of the family just want one thing, and that is for Selim to get married and be out of their lives forever. Story of a married couple, Alam and Mia, who awaiting the birth of their first child. While transporting a dying man to the hospital, two paramedics find a million dollars in cash sewn into his clothing. When the man dies, they decide to keep it, setting them on a path for a hellish night of violence and mayhem. A flu like infection has taken over KL which turns into a zombie outbreak as we follow three intersecting stories of the survivors fleeing for safety. Reeling after her latest novel flops, best-selling crime writer Robin Richards (Andrea Winter) is sent by her publisher to the Swedish countryside to regain inspiration. There alone, she indeed comes across an assortment of peculiar characters, including her driver and most obsessive fan, his explosively jealous wife, and the progressively more unhinged man who owns the farm that's hosting her. Totally out of place in her new surroundings--for one, she is always dressed for glamorous, big-city life--Robin discovers just how dangerous these oddballs may be. The unpredictable debut feature by Patrick von Barkenberg (who also appears as Robin's boyfriend) is bathed in dreamy atmospherics and streaked with offbeat humor, but remains grounded throughout by Winter, who holds your attention rapt. Ten years after their divorce, Jane and Jake Adler unite for their son's college graduation and unexpectedly end up sleeping together. But Jake is married, and Jane is embarking on a new romance with her architect. Now, she has to sort out her life--just when she thought she had it all figured out. Once Upon a Time in the Northeast tells a story of a few young Northeast youth with totally different personalities, who fell into trap of a few Hong Kong villains. They outwitted Hong Kong villains using different plans. This comedy story is extremely funny and reflected how popular Northeast China Culture is. Stan and Ollie try to hide their pet dog Laughing Gravy from their exasperated, mean tempered landlord, who has a "No Pets" policy. After his lover rejects him, a young man trapped by the oppressiveness of Edwardian society tries to come to terms with and accept his sexuality. Two semi-jobless Malayali men meet in Chennai and become friends. When they sense their common interest to be cops, after inadvertently get involved in a police encounter, they decide to stick together. What awaits them is a cauldron of crimes and outlaws. Seven years ago, Max's parents died in a car accident. Since then, the young man, now 35, has been treading water. He manages his father's hockey memorabilia shop, lives in the apartment upstairs, and watches each and every Habs game with his friends. But he's forced to take a hard look at his life when his girlfriend, Julie, leaves him, and his sister, Nathalie, comes back to town. A social comedy film about Thuraya Abdeen al-Entebli (Mervat Amin) receives a court order to obtain her grandfather's villa, Entebble Pasha, which was nationalized during the period of the conventions and when she goes to receive it, she found it was transformed into a police department ... Thuraya and her family live in the police department to obtain her right, Then the events follow. When a devoted husband and father is left home alone for the weekend, two stranded young women unexpectedly knock on his door for help. What starts out as a kind gesture results in a dangerous seduction and a deadly game of cat and mouse.  Claudio Dragonetti is an Italian assassin, one of the best in the industry. He is hired by a local mafia boss in Gothenburg, Ivan. He needs Dragonettis services to get rid of the two competitors. The job is nothing special really. This is something that Claudio Dragonetti done many times before. But this time something goes wrong and he accidentally kills the wrong people. This is appreciated neither by the Mafia or the Swedish authorities and Dragonetti soon finds that he is driven from two directions. But Claudio Dragonetti has a trump card which none of his enemies know. He has signed a pact with Satan, a pact that makes him almost invulnerable, all he had to leave in return was his own immortal soul. Lulu Danger's unsatisfying marriage takes a turn for the worse when a mysterious man from her past comes to town to perform an event called "An Evening with Beverly Luff Linn: For One Magical Night Only." "CEO" is about two men with very different backgrounds. Adam (Remy) is a CEO of a successful corporate company while Sufian (Beto) is only a pizza delivery guy. However, they soon find their places switched. Adam loses his position and all his money due to a trust fund break-in, while Sufian suddenly becomes a CEO and is rolling in riches. How and what exactly went wrong is what Adam is determined to find out! A strict female CEO of an insurance company has already given up on love and believes that only the love towards a child is true and eternal. Thus, she decides to have her own child so she "borrows" sperm from a delivery man whom she hired, but things start to get out of hand when the two starts to fall in love with each other. Seven friends gather for an impromptu five year reunion that brings all the buried issues they have with their lives and with each other into the forefront. Campy homage to 80's slasher flicks, Bee Sting 2: Bear Sting is the sequel to the hit horror-comedy based on the Graphic Novel by Matthew D. Smith and Jeremy Massie. The story of four siblings, who are living together and learning to rebuild themselves, several years after their parents' death. Pushed to the breaking-up point after their latest 'why can't you do this one little thing for me?' argument, Brooke calls it quits with her boyfriend Gary. What follows is a hilarious series of remedies, war tactics, overtures and undermining tricks - all encouraged by the former couple's friends and confidantes ...and the occasional total stranger! When neither ex is willing to move out of their shared apartment, the only solution is to continue living as hostile roommates until one of them reaches breaking point. After amusements working in a restaurant, Charlie uses his lunch break to go roller skating. A violent man Rayudu tries to redeem himself to impress the love of his life, until he gets pushed into a situation that forces him to act. A woman travels to propose to her boyfriend. A disgraced soccer star seeks redemption but is exploited by a variety of causes hoping to capitalize on his celebrity. Outspoken comedian Beppe Grillo reminisces about his long career, including the triumphs and controversies that fueled his rise in Italian politics.  It's an old fashioned boy-meets-girl story where Shourov (Arefin Shuvo), a middle-class college student and Megha (Airin), a rich overprotected girl fall in love. Megha's father will stop at nothing to keep them apart while Shourov will not marry her without her father's consent. Alyssa Rampart Pillage is a washed up TV queen whose career has been reduced to starring in commercials for her husband Bernie's appliance empire. When their tree hugging daughter Topanga dies in a tragic golf ball accident, Bernie goes off the spiritual deep end and tries to give away their fortune with disastrous results. But what starts off as tragedy quickly turns into career re-invention for Alyssa. And as the body counts rises, so does her star. Bad Actress is a guilty pleasure of a film that gleefully mocks the world of Hollywood and Fame, which reminds us that Justice has nothing on Celebrity.Written by Anonymous (www.imdb.com). Yalla 3abelkon Chabeb shows us through the eyes of men how hard nowadays it is to have a proper relationship, based on love respect, principles and values... Is it because we live in a society where everything became so easy? Will those characters find true love? Does true love still exist? Why can't we fight for what we have instead of turning our backs when a problem comes along? Are we looking at the wrong reasons to get married? Once married, how can we keep the marriage alive? Are all men cheaters? After an unprecedented global pandemic has turned the majority of humankind into violent infected beings, Morgan, a man gifted with the ability to speak the infected's new language, leads the last survivors on a hunt for patient zero and a cure. The story of a fire captain who lost eight men in the collapse of the World Trade Center and the editor who helps him prepare the eulogies he must deliver. An American stand-up comedy special starring Marlon Wayans who jokes about racism, hip-hop, gay rights, and raising kids. A quirky, satirical seduction into the glorious world of prostitution and pornography from Piccadilly, Manchester to Piccadilly, London. Teenager Jake sets off for London with the promise of making easy money as a rent boy. But difficulties arise as he breaches another boy's patch, is pimped by a pro and is tempted into the sleazy world of gender-bending pornography. A man who is suffering a mid-life crisis finds new meaning in his life as part of an all-male, middle-aged, amateur synchronised swimming team. The titular Marie-Louise is a young French lass who is evacuated to Switzerland when her country is overrun by the Nazis. Suffering a nervous breakdown, she is given comfort and shelter by a wealthy family. Unfortunately, living in the lap of luxury turns Marie-Louise into a spoiled brat, so much so that she refuses to return to her newly-liberated homeland. Eventually the girl comes to her senses, but it isn't easy. A group of unlikely friends pay tribute to their recently deceased loved one by relay-running his ashes across the country to their final stop: the grave of Buddy Holly. If it's tough getting hitched, Malligadu is the man people come looking for. His marriage bureau specialises in finding partners for people who otherwise find it impossible to find a match. Not long after, Malligadu himself meets his match but it is not easy for him to handle the situation. Owing to the condition that the girls of the neighborhood should be treated like one's own sister, Gattu works to capture Binny's heart and the approval of his community.  After her parents divorced, Shima Sumitomo lived with her mother. She felt uncomfortable living with her stepfather and she was unable to hang out with people at her high school. Shima Sumitomo decides to move to Hokkaido where her father lives. At her new high school in Hokkaido, she meets classmate Gen Tatebayashi and Wao Sakurai. They are the two most popular boys at her school. A principle of her school is that "Gen and Wao are for everyone." If anyone breaks the rule, that person will be ostracized. Even so, Shima Sumitomo gets closer to Gen and Wao. A chronicle of the sordid life and suspicious death of Rolling Stones co-founder Brian Jones, who was found in the bottom of his swimming pool weeks after being let go from the band. Saira Banu, a post woman and a single mom, is caught unawares when her son Joshua Peter, a law student, gets entangled in a legal hassle. The opponents in the case are a bunch of affluent and powerful names of the society. How would the middle-class woman help her son? Stuck in the angst of wondering who she is and what she is meant to be doing with her life, Loz, a 25 year-old aspiring playwright, finally thinks she's found the answer to all her issues. Its name is Dave. Patrick lays comatose in a small private hospital, his only action being his involuntary spitting. When a pretty young nurse, just separated from her husband, begins work at the hospital, she senses that Patrick is communicating with her, and he seems to be using his psychic powers to manipulate events in her life. Dave Chappelle takes on gun culture, the opioid crisis and the tidal wave of celebrity scandals in this defiant stand-up special. At 80, Polidoro decides to demolish the stability of his comfortable life as a retired judge and become owner of a strip club. Everyone deserves a great love story. But for seventeen-year old Simon Spier it's a little more complicated: he's yet to tell his family or friends he's gay and he doesn't know the identity of the anonymous classmate he's fallen for online. A seventeen-year-old boy blackmails his father after discovering his secret second family The story of a Jewish novelist, Harry Lesser, struggling to complete his latest work, and his antagonistic relationship with a black writer who moves in down the hall.  The story revolved around Imran and Fiza whom families are fighting a brutal battle over family's asset. A small town is plagued by a gnome, and the local farmers band together to confront him. 18 years later, his son shows up for revenge. Leung Foon, 52 years old, his life experienced three waves: 1.when Ann made him by the boy into a man that day, 2.he married Ann and become a wife slave, 3.Ann take away their 8-years-old daughter and leave him alone. After these three storms, Leung Foon become Male chauvinism. Now, he is the fair-haired boy of the chairman in a listed company. He will do anything to make money without guilty. The property he had, it's enough for him to live without worries. One thing that Leung Foon regret is Ann cannot see his "growth". After Leung Foon become rich, he is afraid to face himself in the mirror. The 4th storm for Leung Foon is his daughter He He suddenly comes back, he doesn't know how to be a father with a plump figure's daughter. In Leung Foon's memory, He He was just 8-years-old girl. He He's return, made Leung Foon get some change, he can finally face with mirror. Because of He He, Leung foon has the courage to go young again and wayward again. Two Hookers and a Bitch is an experimental comedy following the three prostitutes Fanny, Lea and Henry over the course of three nights on their street as we watch them discuss love, marriage, sex, men and women and the prospects of a stable prosperous future.  One evening, when they come home, Mr. and Mrs. Prioux are astounded to find that a certain Patrick has moved into their place. This strange young man has returned home to his parents in order to introduce his wife. Three teenage thieves infiltrate a mansion dinner party, unaware that it is secretly being hosted by a serial killer cult for the social elite. Dazza has a passion for barbequing. He accidentally gives his neighbours food poisoning. To make amends he seeks tutelage from the tyrannical Scottish chef and together they enter an international barbecue competition. Accident prone teenager, Percy discovers he's actually a demi-God, the son of Poseidon, and he is needed when Zeus' lightning is stolen. Percy must master his new found skills in order to prevent a war between the Gods that could devastate the entire world. Angela discovers that her boyfriend is unfaithful to her. With lies convinces Jenny, a friend victim of many phobias, to visit a witch expert in voodoo to perform his revenge.  Radio funny man Adrian Cronauer is sent to Vietnam to bring a little comedy back into the lives of the soldiers. After setting up shop, Cronauer delights the G.I.s but shocks his superior officer, Sergeant Major Dickerson, with his irreverent take on the war. While Dickerson attempts to censor Cronauer's broadcasts, Cronauer pursues a relationship with a Vietnamese girl named Trinh, who shows him the horrors of war first-hand. Billy, the coolest kid in high school, comes back to his hometown 15 years later to find he's no longer cool and the girl he still has feelings for now dates the former town outcast. Billy becomes obsessed with proving the outcast is a murderer. Standing on the edge of a rooftop, Gregory ponders the precariousness of life. He is 20 and feels like a stranger to himself. He wonders how he can live without dreams or desires. One day, he sees Liv, another college sophomore, and falls secretly and utterly in love with her. When he finally dares to declare his love, he finds himself up against a wall. Liv does not know him. Twenty-year-old Liv loses her virginity to Ilia, an older Russian army deserter. She experiences her first love and treasures every minute. But all too soon, Ilia's past creeps back into his life and unravels their union. One day, he leaves her without a word. She will have to live with the same intolerable loneliness that she unwittingly inflicted on Gregory. For the first time ever in Gujarati Cinema, Fodi Laishu Yaar presents a very young and fresh romance comedy movie based on engineering students life. The story revolves around 4 friends who also represents 4 major parts of Gujarat Awakened from a curse after 400 years, Sleeping Beauty (Sarah Hunter) marvels at the wonders of the new century. She falls in love with a famous architect who is working to restore the castle she once lived in, but finds there are enemies plotting against her. Giving in to her long pent-up sexual desires, Beauty cannot resist the lustful advances of both men and women and after 400 years, she's ready to explore everything and everyone! Asahi Tojima (Nanase Nishino) is a first grade high school student. She is small and weak physically. Asahi Tojima decides to change herself. She enrolls in the naginata (Japanese blade) club at her school. She works hard with the other club members and targets the national competition. Bir decides to save his crush June for his friend since he had promised to save her. Five friends mistakenly get involved in a Maoist revolution.  A superhero loses his powers shortly after turning forty and must adjust to his new life. After a bitter disappointment in love, the beautiful Lucia decides to take back her life and let herself go to some adventures. Two friends, however, end up falling in love with her. In the year 3000, Cookie, the rude and obnoxiously funny elf, has just landed on the moon. He spends his first night eating cookies and reading a story about zombies called Locked Away. It's been eight days since the clown first showed up in Green Bay, WI. Now, over the course of one night, four different groups of people cross paths with the clown everyone calls "Gags" and his true intentions are finally revealed. Unaired episode 13 of Choujigen Game Neptune: The Animation, included in the 7th BD/DVD volume. In a convention of youtubers, the characters enter into various conflicts since they are all in search of fame at any price. On the afternoon of July 1, 1981, Los Angeles police responded to a distress call on Wonderland Avenue and discovered a grisly quadruple homicide. The police investigation that followed uncovered two versions of the events leading up to the brutal murders - both involving legendary porn actor John Holmes. You're about to experience both versions.  This film was inspired by a real-life story of a Japanese father who for the three years his daughter spent at high school prepared daily bento lunch boxes for her leading to delicious, interesting or offbeat creations. In all cases, he put an effort into equipping his daughter with sustenance for school. 2016 Telugu Movie The Wishbone family is far from happy. With a struggling bookshop, an overworked husband, and two misunderstood teenagers, Emma is at her wit's end trying to be the perfect mom. After dragging her family to a costume party on Halloween night, they are cursed by an evil witch and transformed into a Vampire, a Mummy, a Werewolf, and Frankenstein's monster. Now Emma will fight to keep her Monster Family together and uncover the secret of their curse... eventually leading them to the Prince of Darkness himself, Dracula! A music critic Hugo, suffering from post-divorce depression, is just about to rebuild his life when his jazz musician father Raivo arrives at his door unexpectedly. Spiteful old man announces that he will soon come to his end and expects his only son to take care of him. When an attractive psychotherapist enters the men's lives, the father and son duo begin to compete for her attention. The old prankster manages to create a number of embarrassing moments in an effort to ruin Hugo's romantic plans.  Andres Maimik's and Katrin Maimik's tragicomedy is an exploration of forced closeness, a pursuit of happiness and a road to forgiving through laughter, suspense and tears.  Betrayed and abandoned by her boyfriend on wedding day, Kalina has decided to open unusual business that will once and for all solve problems of male fidelity.  She decided to help women testing loyalty of their partners.  Everything goes well until Kalina has to seduce Maciej - coach and specialist in female - male affairs. His wife Beata suspects that he is cheating on her and wants to have irrefutable evidence.  Kalina, knowing class "opponent" starts working with redoubled energy, but this time all her plan goes wrong.  Maciej is not like other man whom were easily caught cheating. A story of love and obsession. A young radio personality who, after her mother dies, discovers she had been having a love affair for 15 years. Now she finds herself recreating her mother's romance by getting involved with a married man. Wasted Talent is a gritty documentary where director Steve Stanulis and producer Noel Ashman together examine the temptations and struggles many young celebrities go threw on their rise to stardom. It focuses on the story of actor LIllo Brancato who was once considered to be the next Robert De Niro, after his huge success starring in the films A Bronx Tale(De Niro's directorial debut), Renaissance Man, Crimson Tide and the classic tv show The Sopranos. However Brancato got trapped in the underworld of hollywood instead becoming a drug addict culminating in his arrest for the murder of a new york city police officer on a drug excursion gone horribly wrong. Though Brancato was cleared of the murder charge, he still did eight and a half years in jail on an attempted burglary conviction. During his time in prison the young actor was finally able to get clean and sober, and is now struggling to redeem himself in the fickle world of entertainment. A kind-hearted government employee in his forties, who spends most of his time with youngsters, selflessly intervenes in the problems of his near and dear ones. A surefire fix for animal lovers and a valuable sketch for skeptics, this warm doco from Kiwi director Eryn Wilson offers us intimate access to an Aussie rehab centre for troubled dogs. A story of two responsible minds and their quest for an alternative source of energy in a country plunged into darkness and turmoil. Nograj, a narcissistic crazy politician who exploits a city and its resources. The film is about Nograj's aspirations to becoming the MLA in the upcoming elections and the opposition he faces. A chauffeur kidnaps his rich boss's dog to hold it for ransom, but when she accidentally gets the dog back, she thinks that it's the chauffeur who's been kidnapped. Diary of a Lagos Girl follows Bim (Dolapo Oni),a materialistic, single Lagos girl in search of Mr Right. Her ideal guy must drive a Range Rover, live in a gated community, possess a cutting edge fashion sense, come from an influential family, handsome, funny, be born again, wealthy among other things. She meets Ife (Alexx Ekubo) and Timi (OC Ukeje) who teach her valuable lessons regarding the truth about love and the weightier matters of life. An unusual love-hate relationship between a 75-year-old son and his 102-year-old father, who wants to break the oldest-man-alive record. Dhanapati wants to earn more money to get his daughter to a good school. A successful spanish executive living in Argentina, gets stalked by and faces a series of undesired situations created by a man he gives wrong directions to, after almost running over him with his car. A love story of Joy and Ethan, Filipino workers based in Hong Kong. Ethan, a bartender, is keen on romantically pursuing Joy, a domestic helper who is wholly dedicated to providing for her family. Immu and his grandfather run a wedding company where they prevent couples from eloping until Immu gets struck by Cupid. Interwoven stories of what it is to be a mom seen through the lens of photographer Rigby Gray. Gregory Kingsley, a boy passed off onto social services by his natural mother and abused by his natural father, finds the foster family he is put into to be the type of family he needs and takes his natural mother to court to have her parental rights revoked so that he can be adopted by the Russes. The story is based on the real case of the boy who really did have to take this action to avoid being sent back into an unacceptable situation. Two boys in the conspiracy - imaginary or real? ... The adventures of two boys who themselves create "a conspiracy". At the beginning of summer vacation boy moved to a new neighborhood, where start start unusual ... An animal, a vegetable, a tamagotchi, a pet, for you. Hichki is a story about a woman who turns her most daunting weakness into her biggest strength. Naina Mathur (Rani Mukerji) is an aspiring teacher who suffers from Tourette Syndrome. After several interviews and numerous rejections, she lands her dream job as a full-time teacher in one of the most elite schools in the city. However, she soon realises that the class she has been assigned comprises of defiant and impish students who can't seem to keep out of trouble. Despite a few initial hiccups, Naina must do whatever she can to ensure that her students realise their true potential, and defy all the odds against them. After his girlfriend dumps him at a New Year's Eve party, Bill and his friends drive to an off-season beach town to win her back. Rehabilitation of the Hill follows two quirky, headstrong women from opposing backgrounds as they battle over their vision for an urban neighborhood in Pittsburgh while begrudgingly falling in love. Adam is a Christian Arab living in Nazareth - member of a vanishing minority within a minority in the Holy Land and the Middle East. His wife Lamia is a strong, beautiful and progressive Arab woman, who runs a foundation for women's rights. A barber tries to find the winning lottery ticket he hid from his moralistic wife. Antero Rousku is a storeman in a paint store. His job requires raw muscle power, mixing paints and carrying house repair materials around to earn his daily bread. But the basic salary is not enough for Rousku. He also sells a lot of stuff on the side from the storeroom directly to Jylhakorpi, a frequent visitor, bypassing company bookkeeping. Rousku's colleague in the cellar storeroom is Raninen whose life consists of work, quarreling with his wife, and lottery. Raninen wants to win the main prize but he wants to have the right numbers in exactly the order in which they appear from the lottery machine. Raninen is not the sharpest pencil in the pencil box. Rousku's freedom is threatened by his relationship to the saleswoman Karita. Rousku wants to keep a distance to the woman except in bed. Karita has decided otherwise. The Grump prepares to die - everything is done and his wife is dead. He's making his own coffin when the life walks in, all of a sudden. The granddaughter needs the stubbornness and wisdom of her grandpa. In return, The Grump gets a meaning for his life - and a big secret. Pony and Birdboy tells a story of seven-year-old girl Pony, who doesn't want to go to school, and big-mouthed Birdboy who has solution to all possible problems. Humoristic family-film  Pony and Birdboy is partly based on Veera Salmi's popular children's book The Book of Pony and Birdboy, which rich humor and anarchist hustle have brought the book as a favorite of children. A group of young friends and neighbours come together for a fishing expedition after rumours spread of a giant carp in the area. In a world of broken families, cassette tapes and rumbling political fever, these friends, each with their own struggles to bear, share a moment of harmony. A man and woman meet in college and are on their way to a lifetime of happiness when their plans get hijacked. Maksim, an investing manager, is too busy reading the news in his social network feeds fails to notice his own problems, until the news really start to influence his own life.  A man returns to his hometown of Memphis looking for his brothers, who are in trouble with the law. Inspired by the song "Long Way Back Home" by Lucero. Julia, an online vlogger from Germany, comes to the US to visit her cousin Hannah. Upon her arrival, Julia falls fatefully ill, prompting Hannah's suspicion of the strange and sudden illness. When unusual happenings start taking place in her home, Hannah begins a relentless internet search to discover the cause. She comes across Julia's vlog entries and finds herself immersed deep in the web - too deep - in a place where terror knows no end. Oscar, a guy in his forties, is passing an existential crisis. He decides to quit his job as a state worker and a relationship with his girlfriend in order to set up a new business: A club for pot enthusiasts. The place is intended to be free of rules, but  trouble shows up when those rules begin to be necessary... Takanori, from a yakuza family goes to prison for a crime he didn't commit. As soon as he gets out his brother brings him in for a robbery. Emma is a busy doctor who sets up a seemingly perfect arrangement when she offers her best friend Adam a relationship with one rule: No strings attached. But when a fling becomes a thing, can sex friends stay best friends? Ray is a fledgling entrepreneur who specializes in high-end simulated abductions. He jumps at the chance when a mysterious client contracts him for a weekend kidnapping with a handsome payday at the end. But the job isn't all that it seems. Shakespeare's comedy of gender confusion, in which a girl disguises herself as a man to be near the count she adores, only to be pursued by the woman he loves. The stooges are would-be reporters, who are tricked into becoming stowaways by "Borscht", a spy for an enemy country. Stranded on a freighter on the high seas, they discover that Borscht has concealed some stolen microfilm in watermelons they brought aboard for him. After a wild chase, they subdue Borscht and recover the microfilm. Based on the best selling book by Nik Ripken, The Insanity of God is the personal and lifelong journey of an ordinary couple from rural Kentucky who thought they were going on just your ordinary missionary pilgrimage, but discovered it would be anything but. After spending over six hard years doing relief work in Somalia, and experiencing life where it looked like God had turned away completely and He was clueless about the tragedies of life, the couple had a crisis of faith and left Africa asking God, "Does the gospel work anywhere when it is really a hard place? It sure didn't work in Somalia. Paranormal Activity Security Squad is an indie comedy starring Bianca Van Damme (Welcome to the Jungle, U.F.O.), Sean Stone (Savages, Greystone Park), and Alexander Wraith (Orange is the New Black, Taken 3) as a group of 'ghostbusters' who are more hucksters than paranormal experts. However, when the P.A.S.S. team confronts real demons, they are forced to call upon sorcerer Mason Pike (Stone) for help in their investigations, which ultimately lead them to the doorstep of the devil himself. When Eva ends her ten-year relationship with Adam, he's shocked by the sudden break-up, not until he read her private journal did he realize that she has suffered 77 heartbreaks. Though unknown to the secret contained in the journal's torn-out last page, he is determined to win her back. When they finally resolve to start anew, Eva discovers his drunken tryst. Will she pardon him a 78th time? A spellbinding and romantic supernatural thriller. Ten years after an apocalyptic event left the world haunted by ghosts, Roni receives a threatening message from beyond the grave. Joining forces with a mysterious classmate, Kirk, Roni descends into a shadow world that blurs the bounds of the living and the dead-and begins a desperate race against time to stop a cunning killer.  New comedy by Portuguese director Luis Ismael. Set in the late 90s in Delhi, Bhanwarey revolves around three friends and how they accidentally get involved in wrongdoings while trying to cure their sexual problem of premature ejaculation and to solve them and eventually get trapped between the law and a couple of gangster groups. This is a comedy portraying the antics of three brothers - Paaji, Rajveer and Ravi who get involved in a situation which exposes the truth of Dera Babas and the events happening in their ashrams in Punjab. First day of last year for the students of a high school science, but at school there is something new: some guys have been moved from their respective classes in a section created especially for them, the section H. Students of the H section are not were chosen at random, are in fact notoriously problematic elements, too exuberant and listless. Among them is Ricky (Enrico Oetiker) who is awake and never misses a chance to make jokes irritating that it shares on its Youtube channel, Star (Greta Menchi) whose only interest is its look and Viola (Alice Pagani) intelligent but always at war with the world. Independent Filmmaker Caveh Zahedi is trying to make a television show. He persuades BRIC TV, a Brooklyn non-profit Arts organization, to finance a television show whose premise is that every episode will be about the making of the previous episode. In the process of creating the show, everything can-and does-go wrong. The cast, a who's who of Brooklyn's independent filmmaking community, includes Alex Karpovsky, Eleonore Hendricks, Dustin Defa, and Onur Tukel. A lonely therapist and her suicidal half-sister are on their way to Norway in a red fire-engine. Accompanied by a Spaniard who wants to go to Finland. Haunted by a bunch of stranded personalities. And two flies who suddenly start dreaming. Noni is an elderly woman who decides to marry her much younger boyfriend Partho. When her children and grandchildren learn about this they immediately arrive at the family house. The women cannot help but be smitten by the seductive Partho but they all have their suspicions regarding his ulterior motives to marry their grandmother Programming prodigy and information activist Aaron Swartz achieved groundbreaking work in social justice and political organizing. His passion for open access ensnared him in a legal nightmare that ended with the taking of his own life at the age of 26. Alexander Pushkin survives in duel. Young inventors of time machine transfer him to  XXI century. But, there are too much dangers in modern world. Moscow teenagers must save great russian poet. Hotshot real estate salesman Daryl has a bad cocaine habit. After embezzling his company's money, he wakes up next to a girl who overdosed. To hide from the police, he checks into a rehabilitation program guaranteeing anonymity. Under the mentorship of counselor Craig, Daryl accepts that he has a substance abuse problem. As he falls in love with fellow patient Charlie, Daryl begins committing to a newly sober life. Janardhan a 28 year old Kannada Lecturer from Mangalore who is quite an introvert comes to know from an astrologer that he would attain sanyasa (embrace asceticism) if he doesn't get married within a year. Hearing this Janardhan is now in a situation of trouble & desperation as he has never had a decent conversation with females until now in his life & all the proposals his family has seen also has gone in vain as he doesn't look great,physically. Janardhan continues his search for a beautiful bride. In this journey he faces various situations & conflicts which in turn gives him a chance to revisit his inner core & experience his self discovery. Does Janardhan find his bride or does he attain spiritual path? forms the rest of the story. What happens when your day job gets in the way of your new relationship? Palo Santo, a city on a distant planet, on which human beings are a rare commodity, worshipped and idolized by an android society. Olly, along with the final humans, is recruited to perform in a series of bizarre erotic cabarets, for an artificial master known only as The Showman. At a small New York theatre, an ageing magician comes up with a devilish plan to save his piece of old New York by invoking some real black magic. Harsh realities and fantastic illusions come together in BLACK MAGIC FOR WHITE BOYS, Onur Tukel's latest film, a bizarre comic adventure about gentrification, race and bodily autonomy in New York City. With over 50 minutes of new footage, Tukel has completely reworked a project initially presented in 2017 as a four-episode series at Tribeca into a gnarly and charmingly weird dark comedy. Balancing edgy misanthropy with a strain of silly sweetness, this is an intimate low-budget parable about the changing face of New York City. A messed-up astronaut runs from the deadly black fog that slowly covers everything. He seems to have only a short memory but he needs to find a way out. We repeatedly follow him through different strange scenes where he seems to meet the same people on an on again, but each time they are different and the stories they tell seem to differ as well. The film focuses on a universal problem solving situation rather than on classic linear storytelling. James, an eager yet vulnerable young man reconnects with his childhood friend, Tom, who has just beat cancer, but falls victim to Tom's crusade to undermine his family, his business, and his budding relationship.  Thom Pain is just like you, except worse. One night, he finds himself on a stage, in the dark, in a theatre. In the audience are people who, just like him, were born and will die. Thom is going to try to make sense of it all. He's going to try to save his life, to save their life, to save your life - in that order. A camera crew captures the night, as various forces align to produce a reckless and accidentally profound event. Hitomi Takagi (Fumika Shimizu) and Akako Honda (Rena Matsui) are members of comedy duo "Akako to Hitomi." The created the comedy duo about 5 years ago, but they are still not very popular. Everyday, they perform manzai to a regular audience in a corner of a small theater. One day, Hitomi and Akako catch a middle school student trying to steal Hitomi's bicycle. Since then, their fate as a female comedy duo begins to change. Discriminated by employers for being a gay misfit, odd Kaye struggles to make ends meet selling her bewildering home-grown beauty soap when her half-transexual best friend Bonn appears with her son for help. Don't ask me why, but I feel we're about to cry trying. Thirteen years after abandoning his wife and two sons by stepping out for a pack of cigarettes and never returning, deadbeat gambler Masato dies of stomach cancer. At his funeral, a motley crew of fellow mahjong players, pachinko parlor employees and former drinking buddies gather to pay their respects and tell stories, revealing aspects of Masato's life that complicate his sons' resentment towards him. Juliet Lightbourne wants to write a novel about women in America while her B list literary manager pushes her to write for TV and to stay away from 'rusty dusty literature.' She surrounds herself with her odd ball group of millennials. A teacher works hard to better a village that has poverty, unemployment, and a drug problem.  Believing he's found the frequency that will free human consciousness, a drug-addled techno producer builds a machine that kills people with sound. Loves Park is a coming-of-age tale of a pregnant housewife that loves her husband until one day her father-in-law passes away, and the couple returns to a dumpy trailer park town for the funeral. Due to boredom and wanderlust, she befriends an exciting young neighbor that begins to quickly erode at her status as 'happy mother and wife.' When her need for escape comes to an ugly head; however, she revisits a dark secret and must learn to cut the cord before it's too late. A detective tracking down anti-nuclear terrorists gets involved with prostitutes and rogue government agents. Steep traces the legacy of extreme skiing from its early pioneers to the daredevils of today. Three beautiful Space Babes find themselves stranded on Earth when their spaceship runs out of energy after a dangerous encounter with their mortal enemies, the Scrotes. Once they discover human sexual arousal can recharge their ship, they accept the help of a lonely farm boy to harness energy at a local strip club and get back home -- all while avoiding the nasty Scrotes. After years of "manually" trying to conceive, John and Katie Kelly put their bodies, wallet and marriage through the ringer of modern infertility treatments. Exposure follows a rookie Detroit African-American female cop who stumbles upon corrupt officers who are murdering a drug dealer, an incident captured by her body cam. They pursue her through the night in an attempt to destroy the footage, but to make matters worse, they've tipped off a criminal gang that she's responsible for the dealer's death.  What's Wrong Look is a comedy about a crazy next door neighbour named Lindsey who moves in next door. Lindsey is a British lady who is determined on making life hell for her next door neighbours. Lindsey pushes it that bit too far, from breaking into their house to drugging their milk with a poison that makes Abby's Husband and Son have Tourette Syndrome. Abby is determined to find a reason and a cure for their sudden disorder, she finds out that it was Lindsey who made them like this, so she sets out to find Lindsey and put a stop to it. Lindsey breaks into Abby's house in a fit of rage and anger, she has a gun and is ready to shoot, then finally Abby's Husband and Son are back to the way they where and Lindsey is placed into Police custody. This film is full of funny moments and action, from Police scenes to a violent rescue. A desperate 35 year-old Young-sil is more than ready for full time job. And finally she gets a call from National security department as an intern. But her joy lasts no long, soon asked to leave. Accidently she discovers a secret about her boss and she suggest a deal of full time job to help him; secret spy. After winning the championship cup, Jonsey and his team must survive the zombie apocalypse. Mr. Unni Mukundan who is very passionate about his first movie, coincidentally meets Mr. David Paul, a famous movie director. At the same time, the life experiences of Amal, who relocates himself to Cochin from Thalaserry, makes him undergo a total change in his vision of life due to his acquaintance with Nakutti and Rahul, the residents of 'Sargapournami' his home in Cochin. Sunday Holiday is a beautiful story that is replete with comedy. A middle-aged loser travels back in time to his high scool years to put his life on the right track. Olivia Branstetter (Carmen) and Lauren Jain (Jacobee) debut in their first feature film about a group of recently graduated teens who discover what's important in life through a drug-fueled Fourth of July night. Tells Lacey Schwartz's story of growing up in a typical upper-middle-class Jewish household in Woodstock, NY, with loving parents and a strong sense of her Jewish identity -- despite the open questions from those around her about how a white girl could have such dark skin. She believes her family's explanation that her looks were inherited from her dark-skinned Sicilian grandfather. But when her parents abruptly split, her gut starts to tell her something different.  At age of 18, she finally confronts her mother and learns the truth: her biological father was not the man who raised her, but a black man named Rodney with whom her mother had had an affair. A satirical, experimental "Spa Western" set in 1893. Soo-Kyung (Lee Yo-Won) works as a reporter. She has an older brother, Sung-Ho (Jeong Man-Sik), and younger sister, Joo-Mi (Esom). She thinks of her two siblings as burdens. One day, Nak (Jung Joon-Won) appears in front of them. He is their youngest sibling. From the creator of Between The Tape and F1RST comes The Tipping Point, the new film from acclaimed filmmaker Clay Porter. Welcome back to the world of downhill mountain bike racing. A world covered in sweat, perseverance and desire. A world filled with dreamers. A world that was dominated in 2007 by one cunning talent: Australia's Sam Hill. Many in the know thought that Hill had both the speed and mental strength to come into the 2008 World Cup Series fast and leave it devastated and undefeated. Standing in his way was a cast of athletes from around the world that were hungry, poised and ready to take the Australian down. The Tipping Point is a group of characters that inspire, grow and dominate in a world they confidently claim as unique. The Tipping Point is downhill mountain bike racing. In the summer of 1941, the United States and Japan seem on the brink of war after constant embargos and failed diplomacy come to no end. "Tora! Tora! Tora!", named after the code words use by the lead Japanese pilot to indicate they had surprised the Americans, covers the days leading up to the attack on Pearl Harbor, which plunged America into the Second World War. This film is a glimpse into the life, love and the unconquerable spirit of the legendary Bruce Lee. From a childhod of rigorous martial arts training, Lee realizes his dream of opening his own kung-fu school in America. Before long, he is discovered by a Hollywood producer and begins a meteroric rise to fame and an all too short reign as one the most charasmatic action heroes in cinema history. A fish belonging to a gangster, who considers it his lucky charm, gets stolen and ends up with a guy whose luck has always been rotten. This isn't a hero's journey. Chicago's resident comedy-practicing jerk, Joe, is unexpectedly transferred to small town Triumph, IL, home of the world's oldest curling club - and not much else. Thanks to a little tough love, the end of a bad relationship, strange encounters with Illinois' eccentrics and plenty of cheap beer, Joe becomes slightly more tolerable.  A sex columnist gains popularity even while a ban on comprehensive sex education in schools is adopted by approximately a third of India's states. This is the story of three men in their 40s, confronted with their limits and three younger women who are usurping the old order. They are all gathered under the sun in Ardeche to shoot a film that will not happen. An intelligence agent from Bangladesh is tasked with a secret operation in West Bengal, India. Ojukokoro tells the story of what happens when a broke manager in a money laundering petrol station, decides to rob the petrol station that employs him but along this journey finds out that there are different kinds of criminals that are also interested in the same cash. The most spectacular Easter celebration in the World. Hosts of hooded Penitents parade through the ancient, narrow streets of the Old Town in time-honored ritual. But for one celebrant this Holy Week is different. For him Semana Santa is a time to kill. As the death toll mounts, it falls to detective Maria Delgado - mistrusted outsider from Madrid - to stop the bizarre killings. Audrey and Morgan, two thirty-year-old best friends in Los Angeles, are thrust unexpectedly into an international conspiracy when Audrey's ex-boyfriend shows up at their apartment with a team of deadly assassins on his trail. Gabrielle is a "statue" for tourists, much to the chagrin of her teenage son. Elsa is in angry at the world and desperate to become pregnant. Mao is a chronically depressed video game designer who drowns his melancholy in alcohol and psychoanalysis. They are brother and sisters but do not hang out. Ever. Their parents Pierre and Claudine, separated for a long time, have really done nothing to strengthen the bonds of the family - yet, at their grandfather's funeral, they are going to have to meet, and together answer the question: "What to do with grandma?" Inspired by Sherlock Holmes books, enforcement officer PL Thomas wants to crack a big case in his first posting. However, his wife's antics lead to the whole case going awry, even pushing him to the point to derangement. His scheme to salvage some pride as a last-ditch effort takes the plot forward. After 11-year-old Zachary Cowan strikes his classmate across the face with a stick after an argument, the victim's parents invite Zachary's parents to their Brooklyn apartment to deal with the incident in a civilized manner. Pellini is too small, Mobo a paraplegic, Gilbert a klutz and Gus a loser. But they are about to put an end to this! Gus has fallen in love and his friends are willing to do anything to help him. However, the venture proves to be a lot harder than expected. Not only do they not have a clue about women, they soon find themselves dealing with strippers, babies, secret agents and the Mafia. Surya is a corrupt IPS officer and he misuses his power to gain monetary benefits in unorthodox methods. During this process he also encourages a local MP named Rudra Pratap who has become a huge headache to Agni. "I don't want to be known as just a one-armed climber," says Maureen Beck. "I just want to be a good climber." Beck may have been born missing her lower left arm, but she is not here to be your inspiration. Filmed live on Halloween night for the first time in the show's long running history, your host Jonathan Fritz takes you through five stories full of darkness and the macabre. Nothing could be cooler than a rock-band on tour. Hordes of screaming fans who want to give up their virginity for an autograph, free drugs in all sizes, colors and kicks, luxury hotels that loose a star after our rock gods have passed through it like a tornado and sold out theaters and stadiums. The members of The Experimental Tropic Blues Band would give up one of their balls to be able to experience that one day. Everything's better than these endless trips on the road in a tour bus that should have fallen apart decades ago, cabinets filled with aspirin to battle cheap beer hangovers, dark and smelly theaters with clogged toilets and a few lost spectators, getting paid in candy bars and not one horny groupie in sight. It certainly can't get any worse than that? Just wait and see! After joining the church choir Jasmine finally feels like things are going her way. However, the church is harboring a dark secret. Based on one of the most beloved Young Adult novels of all time: Two kids are stripped naked and left together on an island in a lake - victims of a vicious summer camp prank; But rather than have to return to camp and face the humiliation, they decide to take off, on the run together. What follows is a three day odyssey of discovery and self-discovery. Long-term couple Owen and Hallie are breaking up--or maybe not?--and just as their relationship reaches a turning point, Matt and Willa embark on a romance of their own. Artak, a waiter in a small coffee house in Yerevan has huge depths to local criminal authority. Suddenly an old customer of the cafe falls down in a heart attack and before he dies, tells Artak about treasures hidden in his house.  Three longtime friends travel to a faraway destination that once was the site of a crime they accidentally committed. Whoopsies. With only a week before his departure, Alex, a 17 year old tax-write-off of a kid, teamed with his two best friends Paul and Ellie, attempt tie up loose ends while simultaneously untying old ones. Whether it be as involved as writing an ending to his movie or being caught in a Western-Showdown, or being forced to simply become a spectator, watching his family fall apart or having his feelings towards his best friend unravel, Alex's world is being turned upside down. With a week left, Alex's biggest obstacle is and has always been himself.  All Those Friendly People is the first no-budget feature film from writer and director Tristen Stafford. Co-written by Jake Oshins and produced by Eric Hahn. Hashim, a young boy living in the neighborhoods of an affluent Hindu family that owns an elephant named Shekarankutty, is accused of stealing the tusker's golden chain. Hashim's family is shamed by the rich for the crime and they are forced to leave the village. Years later, Hashim, now a wealthy man returns to the village, only to see the once affluent family is now facing financial crisis. What happens next, forms the crux. An evil force is awaken in the woods. Single mom Emma Sanderson is looking for a Christmas miracle to write about for the lifestyle magazine where she's landed a temporary job. Along the way Emma discovers unexpected romance with a supportive colleague and brings about a Christmas miracle for a lonely street musician.  Mira thinks that she has to travel with Maudy, her mom. Not Mira hates her mom, it's just that their was as simple as the between and children in general, since Mom and Pop divorced, and a few years later Pop died. But everything change when they must go to Payakumbuh, West Sumatra, to meet the recent demand of Uci (grandmother from Pop's side), who is ill. Adapted from the bestselling novel by Madeleine St John, Ladies in Black is an alluring and tender-hearted comedy drama about the lives of a group of department store employees in 1959 Sydney. When an overenthusiastic Maya accidentally embarrasses the Empress of Buzztropolis, she is forced to unite with a team of misfit bugs and compete in the Honey Games for a chance to save her hive. A man finds himself on the seashore of a deserted island. He finds a copy of the tabloid weekly "Shukan Taishu" next to him. He decides to wait for help while reading the "Shukan Taishu." While reading the tabloid weekly, his mind wanders into delusions. It so happens, that man's greatest skill is the power of his delusions. As time passes, help does not arrive. His mind drifts into his past where he was always waiting. When Elliot, a brash 23-year-old living carefree in New York City, meets the sensible Mia and receives a damning diagnosis all in the same week, his world is turned completely upside down. But as their love blossoms amidst the chaos of his treatment, they discover that Elliot's illness is not the real test of their relationship - it's everything else. Sixteen years after she gave him a farewell kiss, Santiago is reunited with his cousin and childhood sweetheart Luciana, when she returns home to Buenos Aires from New York. When their curmudgeonly grandfather Mauricio has a near-death experience, Luciana decides to take family matters into her own hands and prepare the traditional Passover Seder.  The lifelong friendship between Rafe McCawley and Danny Walker is put to the ultimate test when the two ace fighter pilots become entangled in a love triangle with beautiful Naval nurse Evelyn Johnson. But the rivalry between the friends-turned-foes is immediately put on hold when they find themselves at the center of Japan's devastating attack on Pearl Harbor on Dec. 7, 1941. 20-year-old Margaux makes the acquaintance of 45-year-old Margaux: they have a lot in common - so much so that it turns out they are one and the same person, at two different ages and stages of their life... Joseph and Maria are married for six months and Maria still has never had an orgasm with her husband. They begin to visit mysterious doctor Baltazar who teaches them how to reach ecstasy in sex. A shy student suddenly becomes the center of attention when she wins a huge birthday party that she never asked for.  A compilation of 28 short films about kaijus. A young band from Norway set out on a journey across the country to attend the National Championship of Rock in a race against time, the police and their parents. Interview with Yamada Takayuki about his life, career and interests. A group of four men plan a jewellery heist during a hartal day in Thrissur. After a drunk man unwittingly joins the group, commotion and hilarity ensues. After 8 years, Arif's old friend 216 from planet GORA pays a visit to Earth.Together they go on a quest where they'll be visiting 60's. A videogame obsessive competes for the love of his life. Four 22 year-olds on a Mexican road trip seem bound for disaster until they, and their trip, are unexpectedly redeemed by a series of miraculous events. An eccentric Youtuber is granted access to film in a house that was previously the scene of a bizarre murder. When it`s cold outside, it gets hot at the skicenter. A man's sexual affairs with different woman in different stages of life comes to an end when he meets a girl accidentally. This debut feature from Newfoundland's G. Patrick Condon (Infanticide, Audition) is an inspired, meta take on the classic "cabin in the woods" horror trope. After squandering the money lent to him by a mysterious cinematic organization, a creatively frustrated writer / director, G. Patrick Condon, played by Stephen Oates (Frontier, Riverhead), has to take matters into his own hands by locking aspiring actress Grace (MJ Kehler) and the rest of the cast of actors in a rented house filled to the brim with security cameras and a script-spitting dot matrix printer. As time moves on, Condon slowly becomes the villain in his own movie by playing off the actor's need to give the best performances they possibly can, while also satisfying his increasingly sinister demands; even if it kills them.  Part Milgram Experiment, part A Cabin in the Woods, G. Patrick Condon's Incredible Violence will have audiences talking for years to come. Following Sukhi as he goes from India to Canada to attend his cousin, Ganda's wedding - a typical big fat traditional Punjabi wedding. The film tells the story of sixteen-year-old Nena, who is confronted with the suicide attempt of her handicapped father. At the same time she falls head over heels in love for the first time in her life with Carlo, whose father has just outed himself. Away from prying eyes of the adults - who struggle with failed marriages, blossoming love and insufferable physical decline - they push the boundaries of their friendship, love and sexuality. But while discovering her own lust for life, Nena realizes that her father's existence is becoming more and more unbearable. The sequel to the 1987 cult hit The Lost Boys takes us to the shady surf city of Luna Bay, California, where vampires quickly dispatch anyone who crosses their path. Into this dark world arrive Chris Emerson (Hilgenbrink) and his younger sister, Nicole (Reeser). Having just lost their parents in a car accident, the siblings move in with their eccentric Aunt Jillian and become new prey... A collection of the best of music videos by Nick Cave &amp; the Bad Seeds from 1984 to 1997, all with a "making of" commentary. Each of them excellent, despite the band's obvious dislike of making videos, welcoming every chance to get out of it.  Tracklist:  1. Stagger Lee  2. Where The Wild Roses Grow  3. Into My Arms  4. (Are You) The One That I've Been Waiting For?  5. Henry Lee  6. Red Right Hand  7. Loverman  8. Do You Love Me?  9. Deanna  10. The Ship Song  11. Tupelo  12. In The Ghetto  13. Jack The Ripper  14. What A Wonderful World  15. Straight To You  16. The Mercy Seat  17. The Weeping Song  18. The Singer  19. I Had A Dream, Joe  20. Wanted Man South African Spook Hunter Matty Vans hires a film crew to document his paranormal ghost hunting business. Just as they tire of following him around to find no evidence of the paranormal, he receives a phone call from a woman claiming her family is being hounded by a spirit. After agreeing to spend the week with the family, it quickly becomes clear to everyone but Matty Vans that their haunting is an elaborate hoax. However, the Damon-Murray family are also harbouring a dark secret... After the sudden death of his twin brother, aging slacker Vincent Young returns to his hometown to look over his nephew, Greg and sister-in-law, Cate. But suburban life proves to be too much for the puerile gamer as he struggles to hold a job and pursue his dreams of creating a virtual reality console while fighting for the affection of his new family when Cate's revered co-worker moves in. After a string of disastrous confrontations and on the verge of a mental breakdown, Vincent befriends a mysterious homeless man and re-unites with his best friend in a frantic attempt to connect with his nephew and prove himself as a worthy successor to his late sibling in this outrageous comedy. A year after the first movie, the four friends are enjoying their lives to the fullest, get in trouble once again with Bholi, who is released from prison earlier than expected and is broke. Based on the comic book by Hiroto Ida The story of a young artist and an unexpected friend - as told by their interactions inside of an elevator. When three male strippers pull off a heist, they find themselves being tracked down by a homophobic cop. Hiding out in a frat house, our three anti-heroes find themselves getting into more trouble than they were trying to escape. Peker Mengen wins the post of mayor in a remote town with the promise of a visit by the prime minister and making the town a province. When the people do not forget his promise, Mengen ends up persuading the prime minister to visit the town with his idiosyncratic methods. After consulting with his advisors, Peker prepares a grandiose welcome ceremony, but when the ceremony gets out of his control, the town of 5000 people suddenly ends up becoming a country, one that is at war with America. As Peker Mengen, his unwillingly married wife Mualla and his advisors try to keep America at bay and struggle with the difficulties of establishing a new country, they even get the help of an alien to achieve their goals. Gab de la Cuesta is a high-strung career woman who got recently engaged to her longtime boyfriend. Her well-planned life suddenly becomes complicated when she discovers that she is actually married to a total stranger. Clara and Alejandro move into a new house. A few days later, he goes on a work trip and she is left alone, surrounded by moving boxes. That chaos makes her accept a series of random invitations that will take her away from the hermetic world she lives in. The film documents a heartwarming neighbourhood tradition of elderly Jews (the director tactfully emphasised their age by mentioning in the credits that even their dogs are old now) to gather together for the Shabbah and celebrate it right in the middle of a Wendy's fast food restaurant. At first the employees tried to obstruct it, but old ladies and gentlemen persisted and talked to the manager who let them occupy several tables, listen to the Rabbi (who is, according to his words, the oldest working Rabbi in all of the States of America), break challah bread, and eat burgers with no bacon and french fries for four dollars only. A fraternity's house burns down forcing them to buy an old mansion with a gruesome past. Their first night might be their last after a series of prank calls escalate. Two women run a business breaking up couples for cash but when one develops a conscience their friendship unravels. Tyrel joins his friend on a trip to the Catskills for a weekend birthday party with several people he doesn't know. As soon as they get there, it's clear that (1) he's the only black guy, and (2) it's going to be a weekend of heavy drinking. Although Tyrel is welcomed, he can't help but feel uneasy in "Whitesville." The combination of all the testosterone and alcohol starts to get out of hand, and Tyrel's precarious situation starts to feel like a nightmare. In 16th century Java, after his parents are killed by a rogue martial artist, Wiro Sableng is rigorously trained by a benevolent silat master. She sends him off to capture the culprit, who now aims to take over the throne from the king. Terry and Dean are lifelong friends who have grown-up together: shotgunning their first beers, forming their first garage band, and growing the great Canadian mullet known as "hockey hair". Now the lives of these Alberta everymen are brought to the big screen by documentarian Ferral Mitchener in an exploration of the depths of friendship, the fragility of life, growing up gracefully and the art and science of drinking beer like a man Aritz and Sonia are a happily united couple living a Saturday like any other, although their placid weekend will be interrupted by an unexpected visit...a bathrobe seller. But...is he really a bathrobe seller? A thriller full of humor that will not leave you indifferent.  A righteous young man who helps everyone gain their rightful justice, gets recruited as an undercover agent to work on a high profile case that involves a crime lord working for a corrupt minister who also happens to be the father of his romantic interest. A hack writer returns to his rural Irish home of Darlingford, where he encounters his dying father, begrudging family, the former flame he suddenly abandoned and a young daughter that he has never met. An estranged sister and brother travel to Poland at the request of their dying grandmother to retrieve an object from her past. Mild-mannered Clark Kent works as a reporter at the Daily Planet alongside his crush, Lois Lane. Clark must summon his superhero alter-ego when the nefarious Lex Luthor launches a plan to take over the world. A high school teacher who is wrestling with a financial crisis dreams up a get-rich-quick scheme involving streakers and illegal sports betting. Dueling high school debate champs who are at odds on just about everything forge ahead with ambitious plans to get into the colleges of their dreams. Four high school graduates go on one last camping trip before separating for college. An exploration into the nature of stupidity in Western society and its history of our perception of it. An ambitious yet deluded film director named Jacob Lewis treks into the woods to create a found footage horror masterpiece. Accompanied by his misfit crew and a cast of problematic actors, Jacob learns that making his masterpiece film might not be quite as easy as he anticipated. A father attempts to reconnect with his estranged son through social media, a new world for him.  Paagan is the regular fare of a small town guy wanting to make it big. Even though director Aslam peppers the script with comedy and suchlike the movie fails to impress. The movie released over the weekend to less than average houses. The going is not likely to get good given the bevy of releases every weekend from now. The eccentric Captain Seafield hires a crew of specialists to help him plot revenge against the creature that killed his father. After several failed attempts, Seafield is forced to take matters into his own drunken hands. What began as a simple case of man verses beast soon plunges down a rabbit hole of mysterious unknowns and Lovecraftian hijinks. Lake Michigan Monster -- banned in four lakes! A man (Raj Tarun) makes his living by kidnapping expensive dogs and hitting their owners up for ransom. Bruno's plan to win back his ex-girlfriend hits a snag when he becomes attracted to her boyfriend. Shakespeare's comedy of gender confusion, in which a girl disguises herself as a man to be near the count she adores, only to be pursued by the woman he loves. Asuka Goda (Yo Yoshida) is a 40-year-old pastry chef who runs a sweets store. She works with pastry chef Seiya Hanada (Shuhei Nomura), who is younger than her, and Kenichi Gonda (Atsushi Shinohara), who wants to become a pastry chef. One day, Seiya Hanada confesses to Asuka Goda about his feelings for her. Her situation brings back bad memories to what happened 5 years earlier. At that time, Asuka Goda was in an affair with store owner Junji Awai (Kotaro Yoshida) and also in a relationship with gym trainer Shunsuke Nomura (Hiroshi Tamaki).  Asuka Goda decides to go to mysterious "Clinic Love Doc." The clinic lets people know everything about love with a gene test. The Independent is a mockumentary comedy film made in 2000, directed by Stephen Kessler, starring Jerry Stiller as an independent film maker, who makes little-known B movies with titles like Twelve Angry Men and a Baby. The film spoofs independent directors and independent film. The film features Janeane Garofalo, Max Perlich, and cameos by Anne Meara, Ron Howard, Roger Corman, Peter Bogdanovich, John Lydon, Ben Stiller, Andy Dick, Fred Dryer, Jonathan Katz, Fred Williamson, Karen Black, Nick Cassavetes, Julie Strain and adult film actress Ginger Lynn. The fictional career of Morty Fineman (Stiller) is said to have made 427 films. It is not specified as to whether he directed them all, or if it refers to films produced or written by the Fineman character.  The film is about a man named Bob who needs a large amount of money in order to pay the medical fees for his dad's surgery. Bob's friend, Roy, decides to lend him a hand by taking the 'easy street', where both of them end up committing a crime by stealing a stranger's car. Both of them get into a bigger trouble when they discover a cute little baby at the back seat of the car that they have stolen. 33-years old Tamas Merthner is heartbroken, after his girlfriend Anna, who is on a scholarship in Paris, breaks up with him. While wallowing in self-pity, Tamas takes a trip down memory lane to figure out if love only exists when it's practically gone. As he's trying to pick up the pieces, he begins to realize what makes this current society so confused, which gives us a highly subjective view of Hungary's present. Drama centred on a young wannabe in Beijing's TV world. A group of friends suddenly hit jackpot in a state lottery so now they must decide how to spend the money. Unfortunately their wives don't really agree with all the plans.   This film has dazing cast Vijayakanth, Kushboo, Sobha in lead role, Manorama, Veniradai Murthy in supporting role. Triangle love between Vijayakanth, Kushboo and Sobha. Vijayakanth married to Sobha and Kushboo married to Nizhagal Ravi. Music composed by Music mastero Ilaiyaraja. Directed by Sunderrajan and released by 1990. This film is an African "Boyhood" that gives an insight to the political and historical situation of Burundi throughout the last 24 years through the eyes of six street children that now have become adults. When three boneheads decide to make an illegal deal, you will wait for the end of the world. Shot on the stage at the beautiful Coronado Theater in Rockford, Ill., Bill Engvall showcases his iconic brand of observational satire that is as relatable as it is laugh out loud funny. From beating up his body on Dancing with the Stars, to some of his new favorite "Here's Your Sign" jokes, audiences are in for an hour of jam-packed fun. Weird yummy goo erupts from the earth and is discovered by a couple of miners. They taste it and decide to market it because it tastes so good. The American public literally eats up the new dessert sensation now known as the Stuff but, unfortunately, it takes over the brains of those who eat it, turning them into zombie-like creatures. It is up to ex-FBI agent David Rutherford and a kid named Jason to stop the spread of the mind-devouring dessert.   Stillman, a heartbroken physics student, builds a time machine when his girlfriend breaks up with him. Going back in time, he attempts to save their relationship by fixing every mistake he made--while dragging his best friend along in the process. The story of Calichin Delgado, a football player who showed true talent in the start of his carrera, but due to a poor lifestyle and been close to retirement, is summoned to play in a second division team in the deep roots of Peru. Comic / romance / fantasy film, which is a 116-minute comic that two men and women meet for the first time in the evening and spend 10 hours together, the realities of the city's people and winners' takes all society. Sangtae and his teenage daughter Doyeon are constantly arguing and haven't had a genuine conversation in years. When their souls are switched by a magical force for seven days, they must learn to tackle the awkward and unfamiliar situation in each other's shoes. Two clumsy devils Popelak and Uhelak, punished by the ruler of hell, embark on a journey to bring two sinful souls from earth. Lu Jin is a handsome, wealthy hotel executive whose drive for perfection is matched only by his taste for fine cuisine. When he checks into the Rosebud, he's dissatisfied with everything he sees and is ready to take action... until flamboyant female sous chef Gu Shengnan creates the perfectionist what may be a perfect meal. Now, these bitter rivals find themselves brought together in the kitchen in this light-hearted romantic comedy, infused with fun and flavors to create a delicious dish that foodies around the world wouldn't dare to miss. The Queen is an intimate behind the scenes glimpse at the interaction between HM Elizabeth II and Prime Minister Tony Blair during their struggle, following the death of Diana, to reach a compromise between what was a private tragedy for the Royal family and the public's demand for an overt display of mourning. Summa Nachunu Irukku (English: It is Just Amazing) is a 2013 Tamil comedy film directed by A. Venkatesh. The film features Thaman Kumar, Vibha Natarajan and Archana Vishwanath in lead roles along with an ensemble cast including Thambi Ramaiah, Sreenivasan, Appukutty and Erode Mahesh. The film, produced by B. Vimal, had musical score by Achu Rajamani and was released on 30 August 2013. The story of the film was inspired by the 1997 Malayalam film Chandralekha. The Chemo Club is a feature film which follows strong willed Lulu (Brumilda van Rensburg) and humble Faith (Lillian Dube) as they embark on a heist to recover their stolen funds from a corrupt retirement pensions boss (Chris Chameleon). As former 1970s comic book heroes, they channel their alter egos in the 1970's, enlisting the help of their former colleague (Tobie Cronje) and a younger media student and comic book enthusiast (Rea Rangaka) to complete their heist and return to their glory days.  Hugues is an actor but does not want to play anymore. He took refuge with Serge, his companion, in the house where he grew up. Micheline, a director, insists that he go back on stage. Serge gives him an ultimatum: it's him or the room. Although Sam has the mental capacity of a 7-year-old, he has a daughter with a homeless woman who abandons them when they leave the hospital, leaving Sam to raise Lucy on his own. But as Lucy grows up, Sam's limitations start to become a problem and the authorities take her away. Sam shames high-priced lawyer, Rita into taking his case pro bono and in turn teaches her the value of love and family. The second of three Kuroko no Basket compilation films. A character study of, "the funniest comedian you've never heard of," and an exploration of how we define artistic success, MENTALLY AL follows Al Lubel, a former Star Search grand champion as he struggles to get by, perpetually broke and sleeping on friends couches, as he continues to pursue his artistic dreams into his sixties. Teddy Walker is a successful salesman whose life takes an unexpected turn when he accidentally blows up his place of employment. Forced to attend night school to get his GED, Teddy soon finds himself dealing with a group of misfit students, his former high school nemesis and a feisty teacher who doesn't think he's too bright. A man steals his brother's boat after a property dispute. Yoshika has had a crush on Ichimiya, whom she calls "the One" since she was in middle school. Now, a 24-year-old salarywoman, her all-consuming fixation has prevented her from even considering another candidate for boyfriend until an office colleague asks her out. Haripada Bandwala is an upcoming Bengali movie. The movie is directed by Pathikrit Basu and will feature Ankush Hazra, Nusrat Jahan and Kharaj Mukherjee as lead characters. Other popular actors who have been roped in for Haripada Bandwala are Laboni Sarkar, Swastika, Biswajit Chakraborty, Supriyo Dutta and Rajatava Dutta. Julie Messinger is an intense woman who hides her wild emotions and desires under her conventional facade. Her husband Richard checks into the hospital for a simple mole removal that goes seriously wrong. Live stand-up performance by Daniel Sloss recorded in front of an amazing crowd at the Kings Theatre in Glasgow with all of his best stand-up material so far. The story of the 10-year rocky relationship between Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis. Khao San Road, a famous tourist destination and also a residence of foreign tourists from all over. This place It is the living of a dazzling guide Jack (Chuan Chuen), the owner of the company. There are two other employees, the shortbread (Charlie's Jesse) and Rush (Chuan Chuen), after being beaten by the police because they were fooled into guiding the group. Jack set a new target to go on a tour of China. But it is not that easy to do, he and the guys must meet with the big legs business tour of China to drink a plea for sympathy for the Chinese tour cool group washing. Somehow, Oopie's become a child prodigy on the Bass Viol, and practices with Scrappy playing along on piano. On the day of his big solo premiere, an accident takes place and Oop's knocked out. Not wishing to disappoint the show's patrons, Scrappy rigs up the unconscious savant with wires like a marionette to simulate a performance. A father-son movie that travels through the life of three families, especially about a father who nurtures and raises his son as a good human being in the society. The movie also deals with which present-day issues of the school students in the society and other teenager problems. It is a very soothing family entertainer that tries to convey many beautiful messages. Professor Mathew Idikkula who reformed the atmosphere of a college by developing a healthy relationship between teachers and students. The film reflects the goodness of the youth and the impact the students can have.  A head injury causes a woman to develop an extraordinary amount of confidence and believe she's drop dead gorgeous. A happy-go-lucky Mumbai suburban housewife Sulochana, fondly known as Sulu, lands the role of a night RJ, resulting in drastic changes to her routine life. Bernadinho and Pedro are students and face the classic tasks of fulfilling school obligations, taking good grades, being well behaved and complying with school rules, increasingly elaborated thanks to director Ademar. Frustrated, Pedro ends up finding a diary of how to cause chaos in school without being caught, which leads the two friends to follow the tips of the notebook.  William Rockman, a champion "Terminal Combat" fighter who retired from the sport after accidentally killing a young man while training. Five years after his retirement, Terminal Combat has been banned by the government and has gone underground. The "new" Terminal Combat is just that; one combatant in each match usually does not live to tell about the experience. When Rockman's younger brother is killed in one of the underground matches by his old rival, the King, Rockman enters the tournament to exact revenge on the King, not knowing that the King and his wife, Daria, have been enslaved by Max Brito, the tournament's greedy promoter. A fragile young man suffers a mental breakdown following the mysterious robbery of his apartment and, at the behest of his doting mother, finds himself the unwanted houseguest of his estranged sister. A stoic father falls in love and ends up marrying his college sweetheart whose sons are incidentally in love with both of her daughters. The sons then hilariously attempt ways to try and sabotage their father's marriage. Kevin Carson is a young man living in the projects who has to survive a three-day weekend after his opportunistic neighbors find out he's holding a winning lottery ticket worth $370 million A young Jewish man works in his father's jewelry business, but he doesn't like it at all--he wants to be an entertainer, something he knows that his father would never approve of. He comes up with a scheme to put on his own show in a theater and show his father that he can be a success, but things don't work out quite as well as he planned. When a single, successful female lawyer is involved in a highway car accident, she wakes up to find herself in an alternate reality where she's forced take on the responsibility of a full time mother and wife, dealing with her demanding architect husband and two difficult children. As the whole country is preparing for the World Cup, all characters are confronted with the Dutch 'Orange Fever', which seems to either bring them closer together, or drift them apart. When a man's wife flakes on a last-ditch effort to save their marriage, his overeager brother-in-law joins him on a trip to a hipster resort in Nicaragua. A boy whose father is killed by a gangster seeks revenge. A small group of misfits from an even smaller town fight against an army of zombies and the voodoo priest leading them, all because of a mistaken food order. Eugenio's dream is to win a big trophy, but he could never achieve it as a football player. Now he is 72 years old and he sees a chance to fulfill his dream through a tropical dance contest. But when he loses his partner half way through the contest, his only chance of winning will be to face his own prejudices and those of your family. Now, he will change the Ball for the Hall. Larry has been living a great life with his best friend Jacob, and is about to achieve his next big step. But after the discovery of an unknown figure planning to rule over Earth after the destruction of his own planet, the two must risk their lives to keep it going for years on. Matt Sullivan's last big relationship ended in disaster and ever since his heart's been aching and his commitment's been lacking. Then came Lent, that time of year when everybody gives something up. That's when Matt decides to go where no man's gone before and make a vow: No sex. Whatsoever. For 40 straight days. At first he has everything under control. That is until the woman of his dreams, Erica, walks into his life. Vishnu, a young man who aspires to become a movie star, faces many difficulties as ill luck follows him everywhere. He is then advised by Sachi, a director, to meet with the director Thomas George, who possibly could help him. George instructs Vishnu to go on the sets of the movie Honey Bee 2 Estelle, 34, wife and mother of the family without history, sinks into a tidy, predictable life. But a series of events puts her identity in question. Worse, she realizes that the crux of the crisis is sexual. She decides to organize a "threesome". Challenge away from his comfort zone. She plunges into this mad quest, resulting with her spouse who feels just as incompetent. When a group of international criminals from his past kidnap his daughter, the world's greatest commando sets out for revenge in this action-packed parody of everything you loved about the '80s. A newspaper photographer, Jean, researches the lurid and sensational axe murder of two women in 1873 as an editorial tie-in with a brutal modern double murder. She discovers a cache of papers that appear to give an account of the murders by an eyewitness.   Kuttan PIllai has decided to spend his Sivarathri (night of the Lord Shiva) with some good time with his family, only to be hampered by the news that some guests will be arriving that day.  Omar and Pete are half brothers. When their parents are eaten by lions they embark on a journey to find Omar's real father. What follows is a funny, heart-warming journey of self-discovery for both boys...in Blackpool. The Choudray family represents a truly contemporary example of modern multicultural Britain - but what will the brothers make of their eccentric newfound family? Will they be going to Mecca or Mecca bingo? In contrast to the old fashioned stereotypes about Blackpool, the comedy is sharp, current and non-stop. Two TV-watching enthusiasts pioneer a clever way to live on their couch until an unexpected event hurls them back into their youthful past. When the mysterious Shiriri turns his parents into children, Shin-chan must trek across Japan to help return them to adult form. Juan arrives at Gloria's house after being kicked out by his girlfriend. Gloria helps him find a new partner. Filmed over six years in four countries: Portugal, Brazil, Colombia and United States, this romantic drama tells the story of Luzia, a Brazilian screenwriter, and Adrian, a Colombian actor, that fall in love during a film festival in 2009 and will live a fragmented love story while competing in different film festivals around the world. A young bride's dream day turns into her worst nightmare. A tale about Tanya Stark, a young woman who's biological clock is ticking towards desperation. Tanya is forever getting involved with the wrong sort of guy, who is seemingly unable to be faithful. She decides to take a break from men and concentrate on herself for a change. Little did she know that she was about to bump into the man of her dreams, who would sweep her off her feet...Then the unthinkable happens. A crime soap opera about a Russian mobster retiring from "the business" on New Year's Eve, only to discover he has been targeted for death by a rival mobster. Based on the books written by Else Holmelund Minarik and illustrated by Maurice Sendak. What's the best recipe for feeling better when you're under the weather? Chicken broth? A hot cloth? Staying in bed? A towel on the head? Little Bear tries them all, but finds out in these 4 sweet stories that family and friends are always the best medicine.  Episodes:  "Between Friends"  "Pillow Hill"  "Little Bear's Sweet Tooth"  "A Flu"  Bonus episodes from "Meet Little Bear" and "Goodnight Little Bear" videos:  "What will Little Bear Wear?"  "Hide and Seek"  "Little Bear Goes to the Moon"  "Gone Fishing"  "Under the Covers"  "The Campfire Tale"  "Up All Night"  "Night of the Full Moon" END A dwarf named Ed falls in love with a big woman named Linda. He cuts her open and climbs into her womb to be "born again." Two amateur Ufologists investigate a woman's claim that aliens are watching her. This is that footage, compiled and released by The Civilian Department of Ufology, a privately owned UFO research and investigation organization. Eight-year old Dominique has a name-day. Her parents have a gift for her, but only give it to her in the evening, when everybody has come home from work. Then she darts out, where her girlfriends are already waiting for her. A handful of men and women of a certain age pick up the pieces of their lives and look for new love after the loss of their mates in this comedy drama from writer-director Susan Seidelman. A clever king of Joseon and his brilliant chronicler hunt for the truth behind a crime that threatens the throne and the stability of the country. Kallu, who hails from a middle-class family, living in a village, is forced to abscond from his village given the problems his family and he starts facing following his sister's marriage. Facing innumerable struggles in the city, Kallu's life highlights the multiple issues a middle-class man faces in the society. Felix's school is haunted again, only this time it's not the benevolent spirit of school founder Otto Leonhard and the nuisance he caused, but the hated and long-since dead Director Hulda Stingbeard. A coincidence causes the former shrunken and skeletonized school principle to rise again. When she manages to return to real life she almost defeats Otto Leonhard, manages to shrink Dr. Schmitt-Gossenwein and Felix' parents, and takes over the school. It takes Felix, Ella and their gang to set the levers in motion to save the school and bring Dr. Schmitt-Gossenwein and his parents back to their original size again. President Vasily Goloborodko is in power for almost half a year. The economic situation in the country had deteriorated: prices are rising and the national currency has depreciated. People's confidence in the President is rapidly falling. To stabilize the situation in the country Goloborodko needs to get financial assistance from the IMF in the amount of 15 billion euros, which can be provided, if reforms and anti-corruption laws will be introduced in Ukraine.  A team of former robbers arrived at Paradise: Phuket, southern Thailand. Now traders, they are happy days. Until the day when the devil arrives: Mehdi, sentenced to 15 years in prison during the robbery, comes to recover his share of the cake. Inspired by Christopher Nolan, members of a movie viewing club decide to make a movie. They shoot the whole process and record it for a limited edition DVD. It is a super hero movie called THE DARK NIGHT. The parents of a soon-to-be married couple make the final preparations for the wedding ceremony. Fighter Pilot: Operation Red Flag follows American F-15 Eagle pilot John Stratton as he trains with some of the world's best pilots. The movie depicts Stratton's progression through the challenging and dangerous exercises of Operation Red Flag, the international training program for air forces of allied countries. Victor has a scuffle with a thirteen-year-old boy who is part of a gang.  Hours later he finds his beloved dogs murdered. He gets his gun and begins a journey on board his pick-up truck on a path that will take him across the hostile land of Sinaloa. In his search for clues he will meet disturbing and eccentric characters who may or may not tell the truth about the whereabouts of the young criminal. Follows a kindly Havana-based planetarium worker who accepts a very special invitation from her neighbour, an extraterrestrial.  A man impersonates a nanny to infiltrate a millionaire's household and steal his fortune.  In the traditional carnival of the small town called Las Tablas, there are two rival streets: Up Street and Down Street. A young couple, after an unexpected encounter at the airport, fall hopelessly in love. The director follows a Sunni Arab doctor as he prepares to run for the early 2005 elections in Iraq. In the sequel to 'The world is ours', 'The world is yours' we have Alfonso Sanchez and Alberto Lopez playing 'Los compadres', men from Seville with a good economic position. Using satire, the two Andalusian comedians caricature these two new characters, through pride and lack of culture, and make comments about the situation of men, women and the differences that Spain has with the rest of the world. Now, with 40 years on, they pose the following situation: you are a man of forty years who laughs at life, without really having a hard because everything you have had you squandered. The vision of the prototypical, casposa and sister in law of Spain. A father enlists the help of an airport employee on a quest to find his daughter's teddy. The plot takes place in Zagreb and follows the clumsy and clueless geography teacher Kazimir through tumultuous changes in his life. After being fired from school, his wife dumps him for the school principal, leaving him to deal with debts. Kazimir hits an existential low and conceives a sinister plan. Prashanth meets Priya on road when she is in an inebriated condition and he drops her home safely. Soon love develops between them, but her rich businessman father disapproves their love, as Prasanth is a poor guy Jocelyn is a selfish and misogynist businessman. He tries to seduce a young pretty woman by pretending to be handicapped, till the day he meets her sister, who is also in a wheelchair. Welcome to the Rubber Room is a self-produced sci-fi/comedy featuring a cast of (mostly) unknowns portraying regulars at an artsy coffee shop/bar who are facing the end of their fantasy land when The Rubber Room, their favorite hangout, is closing to make way for a Pottery Barn. The Rubber Room has been a sanctuary for them where they go to discuss and display art in all its various forms. After being released from hospital after a surfing accident, Sean meets a girl at a party and falls in love. She draws him into her strange world and confesses that she follows an unusual diet: she only eats... nail clippers! Sean loses his head and decides to help her realize her dream of opening a bar for other nail-clipper eaters. Nomansland is a modern homosexual love story about unconditional love and the importance of forgiveness. It describes the "no man's land" between sexual drive and the desire for love. It is a raw, non-caricatured depiction of the Danish gay underground. Wagga is a country town that loves its sport but is divided over its loyalty for the rival codes, AFL and NRL. It's in this setting that we find our hero Chase Daylight, whose dream to play in the professional Rugby League is falling by the wayside, just like his relationship to Brooke. At his lowest point, Chase takes a leap of faith to sort out his life. But living this out is a far greater challenge than he imagined, especially among team mates who won't let him give up his partying ways without a fight. Chase's leap of faith might possibly be the worst decision ever he has ever made. A young wife's religious faith is shaken when her husband dies in a car accident. Shivakumar works as a peon in an office and strives to ensure that his son Kumar fulfils his dreams. When the pressure gets to Kumar, he starts to rebel against his father. Victor Barinov at the personal request of the Russian President will go to Sochi at the world championship for professional chefs and to prove that he and his team are the best in the world! The hard struggle for the title of winner of Operations will help "dark horse" - his own son Ivan, which he suddenly found out on the eve of the championship. When two very unique and diverse families with 7 kids each collide, they find laughs, music, love, and a few answers about what it means to be a not-so-normal American family in the 21st century. Irene, a thirty-something housewife with a successfull husband and a young son, has her life thrown in a spin when she becomes attracted to Billy, a member of a landscape crew outside her house. When Irene's husband and son leave for a weekend fishing trip, Irene wanting to see Billy, gets locked in the back of his trailer and ends up at remote Lake Consequence with Billy and his girlfriend Grace where they take Irene on a trip into the nearby town to a Chinese New Year Festival, and through a series of adventures they bring out the repressed sexual needs Irene has been holding inside for a long time. Against the backdrop of Hamlet, two hapless minor characters, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern, take centre stage.  As the young double act stumble their way in and out of the action of Shakespeare's iconic drama, they become increasingly out of their depth as their version of the story unfolds. A ship is wrecked on the rocks. Viola is washed ashore but her twin brother Sebastian is lost. Determined to survive on her own, she steps out to explore a new land. So begins a whirlwind of mistaken identity and unrequited love. The nearby households of Olivia and Orsino are overrun with passion. Even Olivia's upright housekeeper Malvolia is swept up in the madness. Where music is the food of love, and nobody is quite what they seem, anything proves possible. A Coptic leper and his orphaned apprentice leave the confines of the leper colony for the first time and embark on a journey across Egypt to search for what is left of their families. Joma believes that a "life charm" would help him win money for his debts. He then accidentally meets Diane who gives him luck after they've been close to each other. Everything goes well for both of them until they discover their luck will disappear if one of them falls for the other. Disgraced by the ill-fated drug sting, ex-cop Dae-ho lives in Busan as a unofficial sheriff and looks after the town. Meanwhile, new businessman in town Dong-jin wins townspeople's favor to start a beach resort, which becomes a huge hit. Dae-ho recalls that Dong-jin was somehow involved in the drug sting and begins an investigation, suspecting that he's also involved in a drug case that took place recently.  Electric Love follows a group of 20-somethings as they navigate the dating landscape of modern day L.A. These interconnected stories feature young single people in various states of courtship whether it's a blind-date, hook-up or a long-term relationship. The film explores straight, bisexual and gay relationships as well as polyamory and monogamy. In an increasingly technological world, our smartphones have become an integral part of not only how we approach dating but how we connect with others. After closing the deal with foreign sponsors Zhomart hopes to get a five stars status to his little hotel but this plan goes south.  Maurice is an aging veteran actor who becomes absolutely taken with Jessie - the grandniece of his closest friend. When Maurice tries to soften the petulant and provincial young girl with the benefit of his wisdom and London culture, their give-and-take surprises both Maurice and Jessie as they discover what they don't know about themselves. After receiving a job promotion that forces her to spend time traveling, Angela decides to leave her three children under the care of Uncle Tony - which will lead to many confusions. Kallan Pavithran is in negotiation with God to save his great grandchild, who is the latest victim of the curse the Maker had imposed on Pavithran's successors for a theft he committed. Switch to Earth, two suspended cops Pappan and Joy are tangled in love and war. How the duo and Pappan's girlfriend Malu come out of the troubles make the movie. Four lifelong friends have their lives forever changed after reading Fifty Shades of Grey in their monthly book club. Doc and Zoe are just hired for the night to deliver an unknown package. At a crossroad, they stumble upon a dog. In Haiti, each crossroad requires a sacrifice. Kamio, a mistreated samurai clerk of Edo Castle, together with ronin ("Sir Quarrel") Ibara, take up a vendetta against 17 wicked castle men. This year, the Rubio family goes to Miami. Beach, breeze and sea with pot walk included. So it is the style of this picturesque family that by chance the destination has the opportunity to travel to Miami. Finally they will spend holidays in another place different from their dear Sasaima. Soon Miami will receive these enthusiastic tourists full of patriotism that dazzled by the magic of the city of the sun will try to leave the name of the motherland very high. And as the suitcase is known to the passenger, the Rubio-Cucalon displaying all its Colombian charm will live the most fun situations that will leave surprised and enchanted to more than an unprepared gringo. Will the Rubio-Cucalon succumb to the American dream? Online writer Tang Nan Nan crosses path with Zhu Hou, a second-generation rich boy "sea turtle", resulting in hilarious situations and face-offs. In 1923, The Gumps moved up to two-reel live-action comedies, with former Keystone Cop Joe Murphy as the chinless lead, pioneering comedienne-producer Fay Tincher as Min, and Jack Morgan as the rascally Chester. In this episode, the comedy begins with the announcement of Min's tenth anniversary gift from Uncle Bim--a "tin" flivver. Primping for a family outing in the new car, Min breaks a mirror due to her son's shenanigans. "That's seven more years of bad luck, Chester," she scolds. The rest of the action--in a hotel, on the road, and at the beach--proves her right. Angelinos will take delight in the scenes filmed at Ocean Park's Lick Pier, just months before it was destroyed by fire.  The Joy Luck Club is a 1993 American drama film about the relationships between ... Each of these women has an adult Chinese-American daughter. ..... Stone responded by calling Wang's Dim Sum: A Little Bit of Heart "boring" for its lack of ... The chauvinist Damien wakes up in a world where women and men have their roles reversed in society, and everything is dominated by women. After getting dumped on Christmas Eve, Angela must rebuild her life surrounded by her rebellious teenager, her tyrannical mother, her hysterical best friend, and a weird psychologist. Lisa Conroy is general manager at a highway-side 'sports bar with curves', Double Whammies. She nurtures and protects her employees fiercely - but over the course of one trying day, her optimism is battered from every direction... Double Whammies sells a big, weird American fantasy, but what happens when reality pokes a bunch of holes in it? Valentin D is a hot designer architect who claims to be an orphan because he is too ashamed to admit he is the son of working-class scrap metal merchants from the north of France. The Comedy Monster Donzilla performs live in front of a theater crowd with his casuistic style of Comedy. The Comedy Monster is the newest addition of Donzilla's extensive catalog of Naughty Stand-Up Comedy. along with observations on world economics and memories of being a large child during elementary school, and only having one talent for moving his furniture for people. Donzilla always delivers an absolute fearless style of stand-up comedy without hesitation but sustains the humility and perspicacity for a very enjoyable experience for the intellectual comedy fan. The story of Aabhaasam is about an overnight bus journey from Bangalore to Kerala where the travelers analyze the schizophrenic society and how it has evolved through different times. It brings to audiences' attention how the societal views are influenced by patriarchy. The movie is director's attempt to show the bus as the metaphor for the system and the travelers as the victims.  Jose, a Circle Inspector of Police, Special Branch from Trissur, Kerala, who comes from a respected and well-known conservative christian family, is on the lookout for a suitable bride who fits within his idea of an ideal woman. When he meets Lynta, he believes he has finally found the right woman and the two get engaged soon. However, he slowly realizes that he his not romantically attracted to her and to make matters worse, he finds himself attracted to Anupama Neelakantan, a social activist whom he meets during the course of investigating an abduction case. As he finds himself torn between his fiance and Anupama, he discovers the life secrets of Anupama. Whom will he marry and will he able to complete the investigation successfully forms the crux. This is the story of Derek, who has to stand up for his comedy because he can't sellout on his dream. A world-weary college professor is given a life-changing diagnosis and decides to throw all pretense and conventions to the wind and live his life as boldly and freely as possible with a biting sense of humor, a reckless streak and a touch of madness. One of the world's most popular podcasts, Drinkin' Bros, goes on a raucous live tour. Wilbur: The King in the Ring is a comedic documentary, which wrestles with the worldwide obesity plight. Wilbur McDougall, a former pro-wrestler, agrees to let his best friend J. Ollie Lucks make a documentary about his gastric sleeve surgery and subsequent transformation. But in order to stay literally half the man he was, Wilbur will be forced to maintain a healthier lifestyle while Ollie's altruistic intentions verge on exploitative. Jack, an almost famous musician, who loses his band, his wife, and his job, enrolls in a school for men to learn how to get his wife back. Dutch comedy about three school friends that return to The Marsman College for a reunion of their middle school. Their lives have changed completely after 25 years, but 40 is the new 20 and every man should become more handsome with age... or not? Where Edwin is still a woman's magnet his friends have all their different problems. Marks has been swapped for a younger guy bu his wife and family man Peter is struggling with his manhood since a can't read anymore without putting on his reading glasses.  How do these guy's handle these changes? Grabbing a beer, not much talking, pad on the back and drinking away you hangover with even more alcohol? Or do things go different when you pass the age of 40? Sequel movie to the live-action Saki TV series. Massimo and Fabrizio are two 30-year-old Roman brethren living in Naples. Their life is about to change: they will become the Demolitions, who avenge those who have suffered wrongs. A harmless game of "Truth or Dare" among friends turns deadly when someone--or something--begins to punish those who tell a lie--or refuse the dare. Virgie who is a hideous-looking but sympathetic woman from the province is hired as a nanny for an affluent family in Manila.   The suicide of a prominent wine producer unleashes a series of mysterious murders. A lackadaisical youngster falls in love with a girl from whom he'd gotten separated at a younger age. He goes through a slew of unexpected hurdles to win her love. Single mum Lena is struggling with her job: she's a writer of love songs, but because of the lack of romance in her life, she's not inspired anymore. Her friend Valerie thinks she has the perfect solution: she hires a jobless actor to seduce Lena.  A thunderstorm in the evening, took place on the "get ten bend" highway car accident, BABY girl was killed, he died wearing a white dress, and her husband Wu billion after a car accident on the mysterious disappearance of. In the course of the police track down the killer, get ten curved frequent accidents, and the reasons are very strange, and even some rumors that all the scene will be a ghost wearing a white dress, which makes "get ten bend" cast a strange At the same time a mystery ...... desperate for money to escape fled to duck this "haunted" get ten bend on the road fleeing, colored troops have been playing ...... Buon appetito! Grab your taste buds and your passport for a multisensory tour of the cities of northern Italy and Tuscany, where the sumptuous food and lush scenery are equally delicious. Under the tutelage of the country's most famous culinary minds, you'll study the history of each region and learn how to prepare a menu of the savory traditional dishes that have helped to make Italy one of the most visited cuisine capitals in the world. Two men--a gay, HIV-positive artist and an adopted garbage collector--struggle in the face of stigma and loss to find meaning in work, love, and family.  After 40 years of running their community arts space The Bread Factory, Dorothea and Greta are suddenly fighting for survival when a pair of celebrity performance artists from China come to Checkford and build an enormous complex down the street, catapulting big changes in their small town. Two young boys must decide what is more important for them - duty or friendship. Eleven-year-old outsider Stephan arrives at Castle Schreckenstein, an all-boys boarding school, where he learns about life within a community and soon finds himself being part of a funny 'pranks-competition' the boys are currently fighting against the neighboring girls of Castle Rosenfels. When the girls have no choice but to move to Schreckenstein after a failed prank, life at school is suddenly nothing like it used to be... Mario and Luigi, plumbers from Brooklyn, find themselves in an alternate universe where evolved dinosaurs live in hi-tech squalor. They're the only hope to save our universe from invasion by the dino dictator, Koopa. The Bread Factory is the scene for rehearsals of the Greek play Hecuba. But the real theatrics are outside the theater, with the town invaded by bizarre tourists and mysterious tech start-up workers. There is a new normal in Checkford, if it is even really Checkford any longer. Set in 1984, Hans Pettersson (Hasse P.) decides to create the largest sandwich cake ever made in order to put his home town, Koping, on the map. The Samurai Cop is here to kick ass and chew bubblegum, and he's already infringed on enough movies and cliches so he's just going to stop with that introduction right there. Yes, the cop they call Samurai has travelled to Los Angeles from a faraway land they call San Diego. Because it would just make no sense to have the movie take place in San Diego, or to have the cop be from LA to start with. Or, y'know, Japan.  Decapitations, explosions, poorly subbed in stunt doubles, mangled dialogue, prominent lion heads, and unfortunate banana hammocks abound in this extremely eighties-y nineties movie. Join Mike, Kevin, Bill, and Alfonso Rafael Federico Sebastian for Samurai Cop. An artist struggles to win the heart of the love of his life, but a good deed finally wins her over. An ordinary guy suddenly finds he has superpowers he can use to help his spirited daughter and the people around them, but he also runs into trouble in the process. Bouncing with nail-biting suspense and ingenious humor, young Chinese filmmaker Li Yuhe's feature debut portrays a puzzling crime happened in a rural small town, where greed, lust and wit battle it out in one night. It all starts from a sexually impotent motel owner hiring a pro to murder his cheating wife. Everything goes exactly as planned, until two blind daters, a robber, a policeman and a strange dead body unexpectedly arrive. Mussolini reappears in Rome 72 years after his death, finding a Country still full of problems like racism and hate for politicians. Misguised for an actor, he sides with a young filmmaker and starts traveling along Italy to reconquer it. To escape his life of crime, a Paris drug dealer takes on one last job involving Spain, unhinged gangsters, his longtime crush and his scheming mother. A man with severe digestive issues develops feelings for his Dietitian. Problem student Haru Yoshida sits next to the cold and studious Shizuku Mizutani in class. Without any other friends to turn to, both of them start to get to know each other and grow closer. Haru eventually develop feelings for Shizuku and confesses his feelings to her. Will Haru and Shizuku get their happily ever after? THAT'S NOT MY DOG! is a joyous comedy that celebrates our love of joke telling. The film centres around the loveable Shane Jacobson (playing himself) who is throwing a party. Invited are the funniest people Shane knows comprising of Australia's biggest stars along with several Australian music legends playing their biggest hits live, right throughout the party. Somewhere in Spain, four ETA terrorists await a phone call before carrying out a mission, while the 2010 FIFA World Cup, where Spanish soccer team is one of the favorites to win, is being held in South Africa. Based on the book by Marte Michelet, Den Storste Forbrytelsen tells the story of the Braude family in 1942's Olso getting transported to Stettin and later Auschwitz on the ship Donau. A woman finds herself caught in a dilemma whether she will stay at work or pursue her passion for traveling. Global politics in a fairytale nutshell: the eternal struggle between the ruling elite and the underclass, condemned to ignorance. Local KungFu 2 is an Assamese Kung fu action comedy film. It is directed by Kenny Deori Basumatary and produced by Durlov Baruah. It is the sequel to 2013 film Local Kung Fu. The sequel is based on William Shakespeare's The Comedy of Errors. 1996, Bruno publishes his first novel. He is critically acclaimed and is seen as the french John Fante. Twenty years later, Bruno is soon 50 and has not published anything since. He is single, has no children and lives with a young Femen as a roommate. For him, all goes well but his loved ones are worried and decide to take action. A romantic comedy, the film is about Siu Min, a Budweiser girl who takes pity on Michael (Daniel), an ethnic Chinese restaurateur from France drinking away his misfortune because his food is too sophisticated for (and thus unpopular with) the working class neighborhood in which both work. Unsatisfied with spending her days as a beer girl, the ambitious Siu Min becomes Michael's partner in the restaurant business, and eventually falls in love with him. Michael, however, must reconcile his dream of traveling the world with his other dream of running a successful restaurant. Two "milice" officers Janez and Franci are back after 20 years. This time they have to deal with Czech mafia and their leader Franta. Two great friends leave Verona for Milan, Valentine with great enthusiasm and Proteus unwillingly, as he will have to leave his recently-betrothered Julia. Valentine soon falls in love with Silvia, daughter of the Duke of Milan, but then Proteus meets the captivating Silvia... and he too becomes besotted. A seemingly ordinary dinner party turns from creepy to bloodbath after a demonic beer is opened on the centennial anniversary of the gruesome murders. When an evil spirit known as Pitch lays down the gauntlet to take over the world, the immortal Guardians must join forces for the first time to protect the hopes, beliefs and imagination of children all over the world. Right outside of Moscow - home to the highest number of billionaires pr. capita - you'll find the largest junkyard in the world: The Svalka. It's a hard place run by the Russian mafia. And it's where Yula lives with her mother, her friends and many other people. Life is tough in the Svalka, but it's also a place where beauty and humanity can arise from the most unlikely conditions. It is from this place that Yula dreams of escaping and changing her life, even if it seems impossible. Oscar-nominated director Hanna Polak followed Yula for 14 years, bringing us along on Yula's journey to achieve this dream. Gloria is a free-spirited divorcee who spends her days at a straight-laced office job and her nights on the dance floor, joyfully letting loose at clubs around Los Angeles. After meeting Arnold on a night out, she finds herself thrust into an unexpected new romance, filled with both the joys of budding love and the complications of dating, identity, and family. FREAKY FRIDAY with a twist. Teenisha (Chyna Lane of PRECIOUS, CADILLAC RECORDS) is your modern geeky teen - smart, suffering from ADD, an outcast at school, and an oddity in her own home. Pete is every girl's dream - star of the sports team, confident, homecoming King, and dating the hottest girl in school. Their lives change when this jock and this science nerd switch bodies during a freak accident! Joana and Valentin Dorek are a married couple going through a crisis. This prompts them to take a trial session with a couple's therapist. In the therapist's consulting room they start off with their standard programme: she won't stop talking and he isn't even listening. The broken communication between the couple is a real challenge for the therapist. He is almost at his wits' end when his mobile rings and a surprising message brings chaos into their therapy session. A young man who wants to own a house buys a mansion and moves into it with his extended family not knowing that there is a ghost in the place. Don Wallace arrives at Slaughterhouse, an elite boarding school in the English countryside where the children of the wealthiest are groomed to dominate society. But the monolithic rules of the British upper class change when greed and recklessness unleash an ancient power hidden for centuries and future predators become helpless prey. As the new year celebrations approach, a bunch of characters throughout Russia experience diverse situations that eventually get interconnected towards a joyous finale. Mira has been successfully building his career in Jakarta. On her 30th birthday, Abah, owner of a silat (martial arts) school, asks Mira to return to the village Sindang Barang for a match with Otoy, her childhood friend. She does not want to return home because of the backward village. Especially she is paired with Otoy, whom she remembers as the sucks child.  Assisted by two friends, Jessy and Umi, Mira intends to thwart the matchmaking.But, when returning to the village, Mira, Jessy and Umi find all the conditions have changed. They face a difficult choice that test their friendship after seeing Otoy. A chronicle of the lives of several teenagers who attend a New York high school for students gifted in the performing arts. The Devil, disguised as an insurance salesman, appears in the suburbs of London. Five years after meeting her three fathers, Sophie Sheridan prepares to open her mother's hotel. In 1979, young Donna Sheridan meets the men who each could be Sophie's biological father. In this one-of-a-kind fantasy comedy, Didi is an aspiring actress trying to prove herself to her superstar sister. She keeps having the same dream about love affairs of a woman named Xu Chunmei, who owns a spaceship restaurant known for a noodle soup with ancestral secret recipe. After overcoming countless hardships, Didi finally gets her long expected career breakthrough, but life takes unexpected turns at the same time and the truths about her dreams start to unveil. A hilarious and tearful ode to the golden age of local variety entertainment, reputed TV host and best-selling author Kevin Tsai's directorial debut stars his longtime partner Dee Hsu(Little S) in the most influential TV show in the Chinese speaking world, Kangsi Coming. When a childhood friend from Miami gets killed after he comes to warn of encroaching drug gangs, Baaba moves to Miami and teams up with a local officer to bring down the criminals. Yuuta and Rikka are in their third year of high school. One day in Spring, Touka declares that she will take Rikka to Italy with her, as her job has stabilized there and thinks they should migrate together as a family. Touka is also worried about Rikka not being competent enough to advance to universities in Japan. The gangs from the club suggested Yuuta, who doesn't want to be separated, to elope with Rikka!! A runaway drama throughout Japan begins. The Kanto area and Kansai area are in secret tug of war. Descendants of ninja from Kansai harass Kanto area. One day, 4 female high school students from Tokyo transfer to a new school. They are descendants of ninja who are sent to protect Tokyo.  Drama about a 12-year-old boy who fantasises about having enough money to be able to cure his grandmother's serious heart condition. When he finds himself in a haunted house, the mysterious owner 'grants' him one wish - the Midas touch. The boy soon learns that it is more of a curse than a blessing when everything he touches turns into gold. Daisuke Yuge works as a tour guide in Oahu, Hawaii and also studies astronomy. He meets Rui Fujishima at a cafe and falls in love with her at first sight, but Rui Fujishima suffers from memory loss due to a past accident. Riko is an honest man, who can count on a group of real friends and a wife who, between highs and lows, he loves forever. But he is also a very angry man with his time, which seems to be punctuated only by backlashes and false starts.  A father, who calls himself "open" and tolerant and fights against any form of discrimination, reveals himself as not so liberal when his son announces the engagement to his partner. Overwhelmed by the news, he regresses into the most fierce opponent of same sex marriage, and tries to undermine his son's happiness with a series of embarrassing situations.  A musical-romantic-comedy drama about an educated middle class woman from Kerala, Meenu who was born on the same day when the Mollywood superstar Mohanlal appeared for the first on the silver screens across Kerala, through the iconic movie Manjil Virinja Pookal.   A rollerblading drug dealer runs into trouble when one of his customers dies. After experiencing a peculiar and sudden breakup with her boyfriend, Elizia discovers a world of conspiracies, strange voices and horrifying visions. A budding entrepreneur fights social injustice in his bid to establish his new business. Disaster strikes when a criminal mastermind reveals the identities of all active undercover agents in Britain. The secret service can now rely on only one man - Johnny English. Currently teaching at a minor prep school, Johnny springs back into action to find the mysterious hacker. For this mission to succeed, he'll need all of his skills - what few he has - as the man with yesterday's analogue methods faces off against tomorrow's digital technology.  Brothers Jack and Oliver reunite to put their beloved dog to sleep. While their zany mother plans a party to celebrate Stella's life, things go awry when the brothers discover they love the same girl. A money minded youth who goes to the UK to earn big bucks and comes across a girl who had ditched her family for a boyfriend. A shoplifter in Berlin. Featuring plenty of high-kicking, fist-flying action, this installment of the Kung Fu Theater collection presents Invincible Hero (1973), a martial arts classic from the vaults of Hong Kong cinema. Summoning his skills to defeat a troublesome local thug, a martial arts student (Barry Chan) emerges victorious. But when his enemy retaliates by trying to rape a female classmate, it's definitely time for a rematch. Chan Wai Lau and Liu Ping co-star. Eluka Majaka is a Telugu comedy film directed by Relangi Narasimha Rao. The film stars Vennela Kishore, Brahmanandam, Raghu Babu, and Pavani. The film is the jointly produced by Marella Narasimha Rao and Vaddempudi Srinivasa Rao under the production company Naa Friends Art Movies. This is the 75th film of Relangi Narasimha Rao. Within the course of a night, Woody Harrelson finds himself in a misadventure in London that winds him up in prison. A demure medical student falls in love with a brash Bangladesh Radio deejay during the revolutionary '70s. Follows the dramatic journeys of video game developers as they create and release their games to the world. It's about making video games, but at its core, it's about the creative process, and exposing yourself through your work. In short: Making fun and games is anything but fun and games.  A group of four friends take the easy route to accomplish their dreams. Even when things go haywire, they try to find an easy way out but, fate has other plans for them and all hell breaks loose when their decisions go wrong. Keikraan Meikkiran is a Tamil movie released on 19 May, 2017. The movie is directed by Sam Emmanuel and featured Sabapathi, Aadukalam Naren and Pandi as lead characters. Other popular actors who were roped in for Keikraan Meikkiran are Jangiri Madhumitha and Sabitha Anand. When salary man Jun gets home, he finds his wife bleeding from her mouth and lying on the floor. He is shocked by the scene, but it turns out the blood is just ketchup and she is pretending to be dead. Without telling him why, she pretends to be dead everyday. Jun is dumbfounded by his wife's behavior, but he begins to feel uneasy with her. Phullu makes it his life's mission to educate and empower the women in his village by providing better sanitary solutions.   A scheming con artist poses as the innocent babysitter "Amber" to steal from a wealthy occult enthusiast with a reclusive son, Kevin. Her crew arrives to clean out the house just as Kevin stumbles upon a prized artifact and unwittingly summons a trio of witches known as The Three Mothers. The main theme of the movie revolves around four bachelors. The story follows an incident that leads to unforeseen and dramatic changes in their lives Radhey is a poor, low caste Hindu with a bad temper, who often gets into fights. One fight puts him in the hospital with head injuries which cause amnesia, around the same time a high caste woman he was in love with re-enters his life.  If Paris is the city of lovers, it is also that ... ex! Antoine does not dare to commit, Didier regrets his ex-wife, Father Laurent must celebrate the marriage of his ex, Julie, Serge is harassed by Lise, the ex of his girlfriend of the moment, while Greg consoles With the dog ... of his ex! So many characters whose lives will be telescoped in a joyful disorder and who could fall back in love! But of whom? Whether they obsessed us or loved to hate them, deep down, it is difficult to forget their ex!  Crichton-esque techno-thriller about hackers and sysadmin fighting to escape a data center overrun by a deadly artificial intelligence. The story revolves around Alain, a busy businessman who is always in a rush. In his life, there is no room for spare time or family. But one day, he suffers a stroke, which makes him lose his grasp of language and use one word in place of another. A passing truck spills a variety of hats, causing Elmer and Bugs to change personalities in rapid succession to fit the headgear they wind up wearing. In the midst of her wedding, a young girl tries to save a 28 year old love marriage, of her future in-laws, which is falling apart. A divorced couple who decide to share equal space in their ex-matrimonial home soon realize that the ingenious idea is easier said than done. Bent on flexing their egos and scoring points, the two implore various hilarious tactics that soon inflames emotions and turns an already complicated situation into a roller coaster ride. Two publishing brothers Vincent and Dennis Van Brakel are heading towards bankruptcy. But all changes when they receive two manuscripts.  A movie spun out of equal parts folk tale, fable and real-life legend about the mysterious, 1930s Tennessee hermit who famously threw his own rollicking funeral party... while he was still alive. If he shows you who he is, believe it!  Portrait of a Knight is a musical romance about the way in which historic ideals inform contemporary urban life. Rachel is a young archivist living and working in Wellington, New Zealand. Feeling alone and disconnected from life, she projects her romantic fantasies onto the paintings she loves, until one day her song brings Reginald - a Knight of the Realm - to life. His carefree innocence and zest for life begin to open Rachel up to the beauty around her, but the fates have a way of making trouble when miracles occur... A single mother in London's Camden Town hears music when she meets a handsome stranger with a past. But she's not sure she's ready to open her heart. Sleepy-eyed filmmaker Darrel wakes to find himself in bed with his crew member Sydney. As they begin to discuss the previous evening and tepid reviews of his new film, emotions give rise to a passionate and thoughtful relationship that once could have been if either had taken the chance. A blind man falls in love with the doctor who has arranged his eye transplant. The operation, although successful, carries unexpected and haunting consequences. Love Me follows Western men and Ukrainian women as they embark on an unpredictable and riveting journey in search of love through the modern "mail-order bride" industry. Summer begins and Fernando feels like hitting the road to meet a few ex-girlfriends. After spending some time with them, he feels the urge to become a father again. Back in Madrid, he tries to see how this could be done... A down-on-her-luck woman tries to win back her ex-boyfriend at his engagement party without revealing that her recently strangled boss is in the trunk of her car. Former childhood pals Leo and Nikki are attracted to each other as adults--but will their feuding parents' rival pizzerias put a chill on their sizzling romance? Dissatisfied with the dishonesty they see in dating, strangers Naima and Sergio make a pact to spend 24 straight hours together in an attempt to fast forward their relationship. Gabriel can't resist a beautiful woman. But his womanizing attitude is taking a toll on his career and social life. He decides to hire a life coach to help him. A group of 1980s wrestlers are forced to don the lycra once last time when their beloved local pub is threatened with closure. After ending his long-term relationship, Antonio is sure that he can quickly get over Sofia. But nothing is as simple as it seems. And realizing the impossibility of controlling his own feelings, he begins to boycott them, using all sorts of contemporary palliative measures to free himself from the memories of his ex: cognitive psychoanalysis, prescription drugs, Tinder, among others. Ergo, Antonio will go through several tragicomic situations. Rato Ghar revolves around Jhakhmale (Wilson), Tukki (Gaurav Pahari), Korean (Anurag Kuwar) and Kartikey (Sanyam Puri) and shows their crime drama unconventionally. It is a social drama movie covering comedy, action and thriller that shows bad effects of ambition of money. In a desperate attempt to win a basketball match and earn their freedom, the Looney Tunes seek the aid of retired basketball champion, Michael Jordan. In the wake of a terrorist attack, a group of young people in New York seek to capitalize on the hysteria in a variety of morally dubious ways. Tony Lip, a bouncer in 1962, is hired to drive pianist Don Shirley on a tour through the Deep South in the days when African Americans, forced to find alternate accommodations and services due to segregation laws below the Mason-Dixon Line, relied on a guide called The Negro Motorist Green Book. Three friends who will soon graduate from high school decide to take one last trip together. The ghost of a serial killer, executed for murdering students at a Catholic girls' school, returns to the school to take revenge on the current student body. Bitti Mishra is a bohemian Bareilly girl who falls deeply in love with Pritam Vidrohi, an author because she admires his progressive way of thinking. Finding him though proves to be as hard as looking for a needle in the haystack. So Bitti seeks the help of the local printing press-owner, Chirag Dubey on her journey of love.  Big in Japan is a comedic rock-and-roll road movie about struggling Seattle rock band, Tennis Pro, who decide to sell their tour-van and head to Tokyo for one last shot at acceptance The explorer craft USS Palomino is returning to Earth after a fruitless 18-month search for extra-terrestrial life when the crew comes upon a supposedly lost ship, the USS Cygnus, hovering near a black hole. The ship is controlled by Dr. Hans Reinhardt and his monstrous robot companion, but the initial wonderment and awe the Palomino crew feel for the ship and its resistance to the power of the black hole turn to horror as they uncover Reinhardt's plans. Sequel of film 'Shubh Mangal Savdhaan' starring ayushyaman khurana. Alice's boyfriend Frank is a Scotland Yard detective who seems more interested in police work than in her. When she agrees to go out with another man, he attacks her and she defends herself and kills him. When the body is discovered, Frank is assigned to the case. He quickly discovers that Alice is the killer, but so has someone else, and they are threatening blackmail. Tammy 'hates boys' and will only settle for the kind of standards her father sets for her; both with the way he is and the 'knowledge' he imparts her with. Sanju is one of the men she dates, a man-child who refuses to grow up. But when both part ways on such uncertain terms, what brings them together again? Revolves around Castro, who was once a very famous TV host, but as he grows old, his popularity is dwindling.   Following their success in the qualifying round for the Kansai regional competition, the members of the Kitauji High School concert band set their sights on the next upcoming performance. Utilizing their summer break to the utmost, the band participates in a camp where they are instructed by their band advisor Noboru Taki and his friends who make their living as professional musicians.  Kumiko Oumae and her friends remain determined to attain gold at the Kansai competition, but trouble arises when a student who once quit the band shows interest in rejoining and sparks unpleasant memories for the second-year members. Kumiko also learns about her teacher's surprising past and the motivation behind his desire to lead the band to victory. Reaching nationals will require hard work, and the adamant conviction in each student's commitment to the band will be put to the test.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]  After barely surviving a furious shootout with the police, Baby Firefly, Otis Driftwood and Captain Spaulding are behind bars. But pure evil cannot be contained. Teaming up with Otis' half-brother Wilson, the demented Firefly clan escape to unleash a whole new wave of murder, madness and mayhem.  Set in an alternate reality in which everyone is a cliche from a tacky soft-core porn film, a group of increasingly self-aware stock characters are up against a mysterious killer offing them one by one. In the 1940s Italy, a ruined noble family agrees to hide a Jewish family from the Nazis in exchange for gold bars The film follows Doru and Mihai, boys from Iasi, Romania, over the course of a couple of days, during which they smoke weed, eat ciorba and mistakenly shoot their dealer's grandmother. Thomas, a young musician whose work is rejected, accidentally meets his idol Michel Dax. Together they decide to present the young man's work as if it were acclamed musician's. The album they produce becomes a success. Film detayi. Yusuf and Ali are two little friends. Friends have lost Ahmet and believe that he is in heaven. For this reason, Ahmet is making gifts from his hands to announce his voices. To get to the 7th floor of the wing, they will join the villages with the minds of the villagers, and they will be adventurously adventurous. The film aims to show the Prophet Muhammad's exodus from Mirac's eyes, not from their world.  A New York City man, Alex, takes an off-season trip to the Hamptons in attempt to escape his routine life in the city. While trying to spend his time relaxing, Alex ends up lost, putting him in contact with some life-changing locals during his night of adventures. After a visit to an Indian healer, Paz loses control over what she says and starts speaking out everything that comes to her mind. Simone, a clumsy financier, falls in love with Claudia, who's living on her grandma's retirement checks. When the old lady dies Claudia hides the body in a freezer, and sets up a fraud with the help of some friends to avoid bankruptcy. A woman's sudden death and a discovered family secret disrupt everyone's lives. After Marwa buries her mother, she discovers her mother's wish to be buried elsewhere. Only hours before she is to leave Egypt for good, Marwa's aunt decides to come through with her promise and bury her sister where she wished. Only something goes wrong with the aunt's plans. Now Marwa finds herself stuck with her mother's body in a box, just a few meters from Tahrir Square where revolution breaks out. A weekend at a cottage takes a turn for the worst for a group of aspiring actors when one of them finds out they've booked a blockbuster role, and the rest of the group's jealously takes hold where there's no one else around. Insufficient brothers Jakub and David, along with friend Sasa, spend most of their time in the social networking world. Relationships for them are chat with virtual girls they have never seen, living a fake fashion show in which they pretend something that is not the biggest life problem, then a discharged cell phone or a broken wifi. The pressure of parents is forced to go under the leadership of David's charming "stepmother" Tereza on a twenty-kilometer bicycle trip, surprisingly finding out there is a real world out there in which life means more than facebook status, real girls look a little better than cartoon action heroes of virtual games and love also include sex. A woman in a Catholic brotherhood in the south of Spain tries to be president in a world traditionally reserved to men. The complete innocent, Michael Jordon, is drawn into a web of secrecy and government secrets when a girl carrying a mysterious package gets into a taxi with him. When she is later murdered, Michael is the chief suspect and on the run. An older brother is a washed-up boxer. His younger brother is a genius pianist with physical disability. The brothers make up through their mother who is full of stories of her past. 2081 depicts a dystopian future in which, thanks to the 212th Amendment to the Constitution and the unceasing vigilance of the United States Handicapper General, everyone is "finally equal...." The strong wear weights, the beautiful wear masks and the intelligent wear earpieces that fire off loud noises to keep them from taking unfair advantage. A rap group on the verge of signing their first record deal is the city's only hope in a battle with a giant mutating snake monster. Frank and Lindsay--two emotionally-broken strangers--meet on the way to a destination wedding. Over the course of the weekend and against all odds, they find themselves drawn together even though they are initially repulsed by one another. The 1990s marked the success of the boy-band Chocante. Twenty years later, the group has disbanded and the members took different paths in life. The old colleagues gather for an unexpected event, the death of one of the group members. A passing truck spills a variety of hats, causing Elmer and Bugs to change personalities in rapid succession to fit the headgear they wind up wearing. A horror anthology centered around the phenomenon of the "Kilroy Was Here" graffiti.  Gaston is a new guy at the Peticoin start-up. With his delusional inventions, he will change the lives of his colleagues. Cat, seagull, cow, and gaffophone will be at the center of the mishaps of  this genius laidback handyman who wants only to do good, but has the gift of annoying Prunelle, his boss. Can those Gaston's gaffes galore prevent the buy-out of the Peticoin by Mr. de Mesmaeker? Jean is a young man at the end of his studies, wandering in a city too big for him. His monotonous reality is shaken up when Antoine, a charismatic musician, takes him under his wing. Continuity begins as a straight-forward story of an emotional homecoming and turns uncanny as the two protagonists - a middle aged couple living in a small town in Germany - repeatedly invite different young men into their home to perform an inscrutable ritual.  This is a remake of Continuity (2012) by the same director, expanding on the original idea. 'Ninnu Kori' is essentially a love story but set against an unusual backdrop. Circumstances tear a much-in-love couple apart and they have to get used to the reality -- until fate intervenes to show them life's full of surprises. A young British girl born and reared in India loses her neglectful parents in an earthquake. She is returned to England to live at her uncle's castle. Her uncle is very distant due to the loss of his wife ten years before. Neglected once again, she begins exploring the estate and discovers a garden that has been locked and neglected. Aided by one of the servants' boys, she begins restoring the garden, and eventually discovers some other secrets of the manor. Max loses his job at the plant and to feed his family, is forced to accept an unexpected offer former classmate to work as a stripper. Hiding the new profession from his wife, Ani, Max gets into a lot of amazing and ridiculous situations and end up losing the trust of the woman he loved. In an effort to return peace and harmony to the family, he appealed for help to colleagues from the strip club, that all leads to fun chaos... Mary takes over her friend's babysitting job on Christmas Eve, but something more than yuletide spirit is loose in the house... Rosapoo Ravikaikari (1979) was Sivakumar's 100th film. He debuted in Tamil with A. C. Tirulokchandar's Kaakum Karangal (1965). His career saw him play the role of God many times in mythological and historical films; he has played Mahavishnu, Muruga, Sage Narada and also Rajendra Chola., and acted in 200 movies, with many of them  A couple accused of a murder go on the run, leaving their baby in the care of bookshop owner &amp; amateur sleuth Samantha Kinsey. Can Samantha look after the baby and solve the case? Hex-Man D-Lord wants nothing more than to win the Ultra States Poetry Slam, the most prestigious poetry slam in the world. But the intimidating The Groove stands in his way, and with the unorthodox training methods Hex-Man's coach Julius uses to prepare Hex-Man for the Ultra States, Hex-Man just might have a chance to take down The Groove. Kofi Kingston vs Chris Jericho / Kofi Kingston and CM Punk vs Ted DiBiase and Cody Rhodes / Kofi Kingston vs CM Punk vs Mark Henry vs MVP vs Finlay vs Shelton Benjamin vs Christian vs Kane / Kofi Kingston vs Randy Orton / Kofi Kingston vs Dolph Ziggler Will millennials find a way to survive the apocalypse? No, but they'll definitely tweet about it. When the zombie apocalypse hits the popular vlogger Katie's college party, a small group of survivors decide to record the events. They have to deal with zombie would-be-invaders, demonic influences, nighttime terrors, party crashers, and worst of all - each other. After months of flirting, a young guy finally gets the message of the girl of his dreams inviting him over to watch a good film. As the night progresses, he will find out that there's more at stake than his virginity. A 20 something girl Yoshiko is having sex with her boyfriend when a shocking telephone call arrives - grandpa has passed away. The lightning from clear sky doesnt derail only the life of Yoshiko but summons the rest of the dysfunctional Haruno family to the ancenstral country house to pay their respects to the deceased - and unleash their quarrels between themselves and with the world at large. Maragadha Naanayam (Emerald Coin) is about two small-time smugglers who try to steal a highly valuable emerald artefact, which is believed to be cursed. To safeguard themselves from the evil spirit to whom the relic belongs, they seek the help of three ghosts! Tell 'Em Steve-Dave presents the first live podcast concert movie! An all-star reboot of the lost classic 1934 film, The Giant Buddha Statue's Travel Through The Country, made with the cooperation of director Yoshiro Edamasa's grandson. From Japan, a modern kaiju story based on what may be the first kaiju film. Steffen and Lennart wake up after a long party night. Having a bad hangover they accidental kill one of the other party guests. In a series of vignettes we get to know several people who are all involved in the situation. A film about the fact that, we often expect more of others than of ourselves and how difficult it is to accept that we are responsible for our actions.  A young woman grieving the loss of her mother, a famous scream queen from the 1980s, finds herself pulled into the world of her mom's most famous movie. Reunited, the women must fight off the film's maniacal killer. An homage to the action films of the early 1980s, Cherry Bomb follows a young dancer and her quest for revenge against the group of men that brutally assaulted her. Seeing no justice coming from within the system Cherry enlists the help of her estranged older brother and some heavy firepower as the two siblings set out on a reckless revenge mission. Things start to spiral out of control when a mysterious hit man named Bull is hired to put an end to Cherry's bloody tirade. She soon realizes that there is more at stake than she ever imagined. An actor inherits an old theater in the center of Lisbon... The sordid lives of an addict, an ex-con, and a luchador collide when an organ harvesting caper goes very, very wrong. Hyderabad and its old city, One Story that explores 3 people lives in the extremities of human behavior involving social and economical distress. A fight between myths, integrity and characters. Thirteen-year-old Kayla endures the tidal wave of contemporary suburban adolescence as she makes her way through the last week of middle school -- the end of her thus far disastrous eighth grade year -- before she begins high school. When Destiny, captain of three-time national champions "The Rebels," is challenged to a global cheer showdown by an edgy new team called "The Truth," the Cheer Goddess organizes a virtual battle for squads from all around the world. It seems like the whole world wants to take down Destiny and her team, and they just might succeed, unless Destiny can rise to the challenge, set her ego aside and figure out who her real friends are. Fausto Brizzi's movie Kate is a young woman subscribed to bad decisions. Her last date with disaster? That of having accepted to work as Santa's elf for a department store. However, she meets Tom there. Her life takes a new turn. For Kate, it seems too good to be true. After decades of single-minded dedication to his work, a worker with an elite career course at a major bank is transferred or rather relegated to a subsidiary company, where he finds himself at a loos as he reaches retirement age. Bakery employee Ichii Fumi holds a peculiar outlook on marriage: "I doubt anyone would love me forever, and I'm doubtful I can love someone forever." One day, Fumi meets the focus of her very first crush, Yuasa Tamotsu. Over time, the distance between Fumi, who broke up with her boyfriend for being unable to reach a decision about marriage, and Tamotsu, who still pines for the wife he divorced, begins to grow closer. A cool-headed crusader for the struggling engineers, Raghuvaran faces the powerful and arrogant owner of a construction company Vasundhara Parameswaran, as they engage in a battle to win the corporate game. Son of a tabla player loses his guitar while he goes to help his friend, a security guard. A burglary attempt takes place and he is worried that he will be caught since the guitar contains his contact details. The movie is about how the hero along with his friend tries to retrieve the guitar. The year is 1984. When a gang takes over the streets, it's up to Inspector's Davidson and Reynolds to restore law and order. While on the case, they discover a modern day Fagin turning street kids into criminals. A man dedicated to religion and very faithful husband suddenly finds himself single. The new shop assistant in his shop will overwhelm his life. A comic book storekeeper, Dae-man, and the legendary homicide detective, Tae-su, who met on previous case quit their jobs to open a private detective agency. Set in the futuristic landscape of Los Angeles on July 4, 2008, as it stands on the brink of social, economic and environmental disaster. Boxer Santaros is an action star who's stricken with amnesia. His life intertwines with Krysta Now, an adult film star developing her own reality television project, and Ronald Taverner, a Hermosa Beach police officer who holds the key to a vast conspiracy. Poor Benjamin gets stuck in a time-loop while on detention with his high-school crush. The son of a toddy seller decides to become a politician to take on bar owner who tries to bring down his father.  A second generation Pakistani-American arrives in his family's ancestral town, to discover his place in the world and confronts a beautiful historic culture rife with deeply ingrained gender inequality and subjugation of women. The Grand Budapest Hotel tells of a legendary concierge at a famous European hotel between the wars and his friendship with a young employee who becomes his trusted protege. The story involves the theft and recovery of a priceless Renaissance painting, the battle for an enormous family fortune and the slow and then sudden upheavals that transformed Europe during the first half of the 20th century. This ifilm is a new documentary that explores the controversial use of marijuana and the evolution of mainstream society. From a dangerous narcotic, listed as a Schedule 1 Drug substance since the 1970s, to the rush to decriminalize it today. What has changed and why? What will the cannabis industry look like in five years? Will it retain its integrity as a homegrown industry or be co-opted by Big Business? Experts, growers, celebrities and politicians weigh in on the future of Cannabusiness Karin Oriyama, 16 years old. She is in high school and... she's about to get married!  After five years studying in Paris, Arash has not adjusted to life there and has decided to return to Iran to live. Hoping to change his mind, his two friends Hossein and Ashkan convince him to take a last trip through France. A plastic surgeon publishes an ad searching for a slave. Even if he meant it in an ironic way and is really looking for a housemaid, a lot of SM-subs are showing up in front of his house the next day... Workaholic Jim Evers and his wife/business partner, Sara get a call one night from mansion owner, Edward Gracey wants to sell his house. Once the Evers family arrive at the mansion a butler takes them to dine with Gracey. Gracey takes one look at Sara and he thinks she's his lost lover.    A transgender girl kidnaps the daughter of a trans-phobic Minister in order to pay for her sex change operation. Two voyeuristic nerds are hacking the devices of people as they themselves are hacked by the feed from story tellers Mister Malevolent (Danny Trejo) and Mystic Woman (Nichelle Nichols) who have seven moralistic horror stories to tell. Contemporary Moscow. Svyatoslav, a poor boy, falls in love with Asya, a rich girl, and wants to marry her. To support her in the manner in which she is accustomed, he opens an upscale restaurant. But he soon discovers he has a unseen enemy. Magnus once had a girlfriend and a kid. But his girlfriend now has somebody new. And so now Magnus has his classic car, and a bar. Everything about Magnus' manner makes him a hipster - par excellence. He has a couple of close friends, all cut from the same cloth. But then one night his car is stolen and Magnus falls into a kind of cultivated despair. Stephanie, a dedicated mother and popular vlogger, befriends Emily, a mysterious upper-class woman whose son Nicky attends the same school as Miles, Stephanie's son. When Emily asks her to pick Nicky up from school and then disappears, Stephanie undertakes an investigation that will dive deep into Emily's cloudy past. Four friends accompany the man who saved them to his house, only to discover that his wife could be a ghost! A high school wrestling team's fate is on the line due to their unpopularity and lack of budget. All the students have left the team except for two, who are from a broken family. The coach Sang-kyu lost his job and is making a living as a bus driver. However, he tries continuously to persuade the school principal to let the remaining team members compete in a match for one last time. At last, the principal gives them the chance to compete and the wrestling team only has two weeks to prepare for their final match. On her 18th birthday, headstrong and artistic Charlie makes a startling discovery. The man married to her mother, isn't her dad. Recruiting Oz, a rough sleeper whose only possession is his driving licence, she embarks on an epic road trip from Margate to the Isle of Skye to track down her biological father. On the journey they both learn more than they bargained for - about themselves, each other, the importance of family, and why (sometimes) there really is no place like home. Two best friends embark on a cross-country road trip pulling hidden-camera pranks on the unsuspecting public. Krash decides to throw his best buddy Barry an unforgettable birthday party. He contacts the DejaVu Agency, which organizes exciting time travel adventures. A cataclysmic accident occurs after the Kikoriki crew fail to follow the rules and scatter the group across time. Krash has to find and retrieve his friends through the ages with the help of his alter ego from another time and place, who materializes out of the rupture in the space-time continuum. Just when you thought the Kikoriki adventures couldn't get wilder, along comes this thrilling time travel adventure suitable for all ages across the globe. Rajaratham is an Indian romantic comedy A selfish filmmaker fails at creating the cutting edge freedom of speech documentary he had envisioned and inadvertently unleashes holy hell from a 500 pound comedian on the verge of a nervous breakdown. A big fat dose of nightmare fuel for the politically correct! A woman who was raped by a NetCar driver takes a job with the company to exact her revenge on her attacker after she becomes frustrated with the slow pace of the criminal Justice system. Who left a dead body on a farm of truck driver's of which the best quality milk is made? Who smuggles illegal Betangin tablets? Who set on fire policemen's hands? Why does the ominous rabbit shows up? Two brave but incompetent police inspectors are trying to find out all of this. "Do not tell me Solterona" presents Patricia, a 35-year-old woman, an inveterate romantic, but who, on the verge of getting married, discovers that Alonso, her lifelong boyfriend, has been unfaithful to her with Bethlehem, a beautiful 22-year-old girl . In this way Patricia returns to the terrible ranks of the single in base three, living the nightmare of a loving duel that she will try to overcome on a daily basis with the help of her friends. And all this while her mother puts pressure on her by reminding her daily that she is going to pass the train. An aspiring filmmaker, who is also down on luck, goes to Singapore to meet a producer, but what follows is misadventure after misadventure, with a dash of romance thrown in. Two apathetic police academy recruits who become best buddies through the tough training together witness a woman being abducted right before their very eyes. As they were taught in the academy, they quickly report the incident to the police, but the police are in no hurry to jump on the case. So the duo decide to take the matter into their own hands and rescue the woman. A mother and son duo get inadvertently shipped in a container from London to Morocco with nothing but their pajamas. The adventure takes them through Spain and France on a journey to get home and rebuild their rocky relationship. On a golden afternoon, young Alice follows a White Rabbit, who disappears down a nearby rabbit hole. Quickly following him, she tumbles into the burrow - and enters the merry, topsy-turvy world of Wonderland! Memorable songs and whimsical escapades highlight Alice's journey, which culminates in a madcap encounter with the Queen of Hearts - and her army of playing cards!   Grindsploitation 4 is going to be nastier than ever, more shocking, more gore, more blood. Killer faux grindhouse film trailers a homage to the video nasty era of films. In 1973, 15-year-old William Miller's unabashed love of music and aspiration to become a rock journalist lands him an assignment from Rolling Stone magazine to interview and tour with the up-and-coming band Stillwater--fronted by lead guitar Russell Hammond, and lead singer Jeff Bebe.  Psychiatrist Dr. Lila Colleti is divorcing her husband and is devastated when he wins custody of their two little girls, whom he gets largely because Lila's job, being a psychiatrist for the criminally insane at the local prison, is a potentially dangerous one that forces her to keep long, erratic hours. When one of Lila's patients, Ed Baikman, is released into a half-way house, he decides under the delusional influence of his psychosis to help her out by murdering her ex-husband and his girlfriend, and then threatening to tell the cops they'd planned it together when she refuses to become romantically involved with him. Though Lila's lover, police detective Macy Kobacek, stands by her loyally, Baikman does such an ingenious job of implicating Lila in the crime that even Macy begins to have his doubts about Lila's innocence light comedy depicting prevalent social evils, general apathy of people and resolve of some to fight improve the life and surrounding around them. France, 1809. Captain Neuville is called to the front, leaving his future bride heartbroken. Her sister decides to write letters on his behalf to cheer her up. Bertram's uncle, a petty criminal, hurls him and the whole family into the kidnapping of a rich man's son to get money for a new flat after they've been kicked out by the bailiff. But things don't go quite as planned. The film is an action-packed gangster comedy for the whole family, a kind of "Ocean's Eleven" for children and the young at heart. A rebellious city teen moves to her dying mother's horse ranch in the country and embraces a new way of life. Pluto's kid brother, K.B., keeps getting into trouble. When Butch the bulldog passes by, K.B. latches onto him. Butch gets K.B. to crawl into a meat market through a small slot. Pluto comes along, they tussle and set off the burglar alarm, which brings the dogcatcher, who grabs Butch. A small town, two families joined together over time. A man who does not forget the values   of honor and fraternal friendship. From the director of The Journey to the Sea, history proposes the coalition of two worlds or, perhaps, the same but with different ways of understanding it. The Manzoni family, a notorious mafia clan, is relocated to Normandy, France under the witness protection program, where fitting in soon becomes challenging as their old habits die hard. Sex comedy takes a look at contemporary dating mores and hypothesizes that the new dating location may be the dog walk in the park. A mild-mannered man loses his present girl friend to another man. His attraction to a kid's TV show hostess goes nowhere because of her obsession with her dog, Peanut. He then gets hooked up with an overly exuberant blonde who overwhelms him. He even lost his collie, Mogley, when his girl friend moved out. In a funny sub-plot, the collie is going to a doggie psychiatrist who determines the dog is being traumatized by his mistress' sexual antics. Jeri and Jeff are best friends whose constant smooching simply makes the leads life less comfortable. Semi-true story of the Hollywood murder that occurred at a star-studded gathering aboard William Randolph Hearst's yacht in 1924. A haunted mansion amidst Kingini Nagar Housing Colony is converted into a police station. Ghosts in the mansion get provoked by the intrusion of the police. To overcome the horrible night duties, cops take the help of Babu, an outlaw yet sincere guy. Will Babu and his gang be able to solve the mystery behind the haunted mansion? Corey (Fred Savage) refuses to let his emotionally disturbed younger brother Jimmy (Luke Edwards) be institutionalized, and the two run away together. They soon join forces with a resourceful girl (Jenny Lewis), who notices that Jimmy has a special talent: he is a "wizard" at video games and can achieve the high score on absolutely everything he plays. Evading their parents and a sinister bounty hunter, the trio head for a climactic showdown at the national video game championships in California. Goth superstar Aurelio Voltaire is VERUM and original gangsta rapper Schoolly D is THE PRESIDENT in this cult camp catastrophe. In this send up of the horror genre, a beautiful aristocrat (Amanda Flowers) is resurrected by mad doctor ORBERT WESCRAFT (Jurgen Azazel Munster) at the request of her obsessed husband (Rock N Roll legend Alan Merrill). When she rebels against the Doctor and joins a cult of the undead, it's pandemonium as the sinister creatures resurrect a giant monster to destroy all mortals. Will two wacky journalists (Yolpie Kaiser, Mickala McFarlane) a mad teenage girl bent on revenge (Sofe Cote) and a perma tripping boy genius (Max Husten) be able to save the world in time? Quadruplet siblings (two boys and two girls) played by Vice Ganda were separated after birth when their grandmother steals two of the siblings (a boy and a girl) away from their mother. The stolen siblings lived a comfortable life in the US, not knowing that their mother and siblings, a gay and a lesbian, struggled to make ends meet in the Philippines.  When the boy develops hepatitis that requires him to have a liver transplant from a compatible donor, their father tells them about their siblings in the Philippines, who may be possible candidates as donors.  But once the siblings finally meet, pent up resentment and animosity between the girl and the gay siblings, has threatened the chances of the boy sibling's survival.  Through his frustrations, an obsessed novelist connects with a dimension where a walking girl encounters weird characters in a mysterious urban world, slowly driving to the peaceful nature of the desert. In this trip between light and shadow, hope for finding an inner mental peace will prevail. This movie is characterized for an experimental language, with purposed technical and performing imperfections, wrapped in an organic fantasy effect. With the help of the singer and dancer Dixie Leonhard US-Entertainer Eddie Sparks wants to bring some fun to the soldiers during World War II. Becoming a perfect team they tour from North Africa to the Pacific to act for "the boys". Later they continue their work but when the author Silver gets involved into McCarthy's campaign and is being fired by Eddie, Dixie turns away from him, too. Three psychological troubled young men are on the verge of suicide. Their only hope lies in pitching their makeshift VR headset to investors and hopefully turn their lives around. Dora, a girl who has spent most of her life exploring the jungle with her parents, now must navigate her most dangerous adventure yet: high school. Always the explorer, Dora quickly finds herself leading Boots (her best friend, a monkey), Diego, and a rag tag group of teens on an adventure to save her parents and solve the impossible mystery behind a lost Inca civilization. Elena Mihailovna, having worked all her life in the only school of a provincial town, lives modestly in retirement. Unexpectedly she learns of a fatal diagnosis, which can at any moment end her life. Instead of an unbearable anticipation, she resolutely begins the preparation for her own death, in order to simplify the procedure for her son. She has not seen her only son for over five years because he worrks in the capital. Oleg is constantly busy, and he does not have time for his lonely mother. At the same time with all the new problems, the heroine receives as a gift a huge carp, which changes her life. At 33 years old, and after numerous failed attempt to make it as a musician, Chris still lives with his mother. One day he crosses paths with a young missionary in need of a guitarist for his new religious band, he recruits Chris and disguises him as Father Christophe. Cleo loves his life as a youth pastor in suburban Denver, but his genuine support for a teenage girl has put his job in jeopardy. When the church's Elder Board becomes aware of the situation, he's asked to take two weeks off to consider his actions and the impact on his role in ministry. Distraught by the arrival of this news via email, Cleo grabs a backpack and bike to hit the road and figure out what's really true. His journey takes a turn toward Edmond, Oklahoma, when he hitches a ride from a mysterious traveler named Larry and his dead father. Larry's intense skepticism along with a string of peculiar signs causes Cleo to question more than his relationship with the teen...he questions the very existence of Love. Two engineering dropouts stumble upon the activities of a corrupt education minister owning engineering colleges and expose him. The minister wants revenge and launches a manhunt for them. The cat-and-mouse game begins... Two children raised by single parents want to enjoy the happiness of a complete family. To achieve this, they try to unite their parents, but end up in trouble. The adventures of a young man who tries to trace the missing slipper of the girl he is in love with. A romantic youngster, who manages to have several relationships with pretty girls, realises his mistakes and finally decides to settle down in life by marrying one among them. The bags belonging to a young man about to break up with his lover, two bumbling criminals planning a bomb blast, a man circulating counterfeit currency, and a couple paying ransom to save their daughter get mixed up leading to so much confusion. A girl is having life-altering experience and struggle to transform her life the way she wanted to. Three friends are on the verge of getting their video game financed when their benefactor is taken hostage by terrorists. Directed by Jo Ann Kaplan. Toni, Agi, Bubu, and Saras were rich kids whose getting bullied at their school because of their supposed exclusivity. One day they get an essay writing task about social problems. Instead of just writing, they get their act real by establishing a provisional school for poor children who lives in slum village under the bridge. Things aren't going as smooth as they expected. But from this provisional school, they learn their most valuable experience. An all-expenses-paid international search for a rare copy of the book, 'The Nine Gates of the Shadow Kingdom' brings an unscrupulous book dealer deep into a world of murder, double-dealing and satanic worship. On the day that underground rapper Hak-soo fails his 7th audition, he receives a call from his hometown that his father is in the  hospital. But he finds out that it was his father's plot to bring him to Byeon-san. To top it all, he is suspected as a phishing scam  criminal and locked up in this small, boring suburb. A yuppie who just got lucky is struck by a string of unlucky circumstances; a male model's life is upended because of evil boils appearing on his body; a folk singer's romantic ideals are put to the test as his beloved slowly changes into something he does not understand. These three funny, sometimes absurd, sometimes terrifying, and ultimately compelling stories make up "Triptiko." Jimmy Kilmartin is an ex-con living in Astoria in the New York City borough of Queens, trying to stay clean and raising a family with his wife Bev. But when his cousin Ronnie causes him to take a fall for driving an illegal transport of stolen cars, a police officer named Calvin Hart is injured and Jimmy lands back in prison. In exchange for an early release, he is asked to help bring down a local crime boss named Little Junior Brown.  Jimmy remarries and attempts to renew a relationship with his child. But he is sent undercover by Detective Hart to work with Junior and infiltrate his operations. As soon as Little Junior kills an undercover federal agent with Jimmy watching, the unscrupulous district attorney and the feds further complicate his life. He must take down Junior or face the consequences. Yana is a chief editor of a glamorous magazine whose life completely changes after she is pushed to adopt a little gipsy boy Yanko. A horror short directed by Michel Kammoun. Four desperately bored retired men yearn for some excitement in their lives to make them feel alive. Whilst trying to occupy his mind by writing a terrible book, Telmo is reunited with his two best friends from school. Mornreal, who is just out of prison, can't bare to see his old friends fading away so he comes up with a plan to break the daily boredom and to inject excitement into his friends' lives. With nothing to lose, the old friends embark on a mad, wild adventure that results in a bizarre robbery of a museum. On December 10, 2010, Sotheby's auctioned off what could be considered the most important historical document in sports history -- James Naismith's original rules of basketball. "There's No Place Like Home" is the story of one man's fanatical quest to win this seminal American artifact at auction and bring the rules "home" to Lawrence, Kansas, where Naismith coached and taught for over 40 years. The son of an American coffee importer forms an unlikely bond with his Colombia counterpart. This romantic comedy follows the pairing of two 20-somethings thrown together by a business feud that may result in an even more unlikely romance. A married couple is forced to examine their relationship when they lose the family cat, in this comedic semi mock-doc directed by and starring a real life married couple. When a series of murders occur in Kanghwa Island, Detective K and his partner are once again called upon to solve the case. Along the way, he teams up with a beautiful woman with amnesia and together they discover Vampire bite marks on all the bodies. As they investigate further, they realize that the woman is somehow closely connected to the deaths.   In an isolated rural community of Quebec, Canada, some inhabitants attack other people, hungry for human flesh. A few survivors gather and go deep into the forest to escape them. Hochelaga, 2048. It's been over 20 years since Quebec finally gained independence through the efforts of a movement led by the powerful Charles Maurice. His eventual rise to Prime Minister, however, may not have been all that legal. This major political upheaval will shake up the social classes and bring out demonic creatures that attack the population. One man will become the beacon of peace amongst the chaos overtaking this new country. That man is Zach, Charles Maurice's son, an irresponsible bum who becomes the leader of an elite team, whose mission is to re-establish peace between the ninjas, punks and rat-people who are trying to survive this zombie infestation. Aslan's fiance Negar is going abroad the country illegally and without informing him at all. Now he is after a way to get a visa and go gets her back. A gory dark comedy about an architect named Carlota who must save her ex-girlfriend, Barbara, from a band of misfit kidnappers. Ami Tumi 2017 Telugu Movie Kana and her friends design a bottle rocket and launch it into space, even though it might not get there at all. However, just when the rocket is completed, a robot suddenly crashes into and destroys it, shortly followed by a pink-haired woman claiming to be a "Galactic Investigator". Joker has come to Japan to steal the Eagle Talon Society's secret weapons in his continued scheme for pure chaos. However, the Justice League is on his trail, but there's something off with Batman. Now, it's up to Eagle Talon to go find out what's wrong with Batman, and that means going back in time to Bruce Wayne's most traumatic experience, the murder of his parents. If that wasn't enough to worry about, the Eagle Talon Society also have to keep their eyes on their production budget, especially with most of that money going towards the licensing fee for DC's popular characters. Will the Eagle Talon Society and the Justice League be able to stop the Joker before their budget dries up, and they're reduced to simple stick figures!? High School student Miyui Mashio is really struggling. She can't fulfill her dream of becoming an idol and her parents are always fighting. Suddenly, she finds a genie in a bottle and through an accident, finds herself back in 1991. She realizes she is now going to school with her parents. But the problem is, her parents do not seem to get along - so Miyui will never be born! Miyui learns her father is interested in idols and so together with her mother and other girls she forms the idol group AGS16 to make sure her parents will eventually fall in love.  When Jeff discovers that the bowling alley he manages is being sold, he must do everything he can to save the place he's come to call home. Unable to purchase a $50,000 digital projector, a group of film fanatics in rural Pennsylvania fight to keep a dying drive-in theater alive by screening only vintage 35mm film prints and working entirely for free. A psychologist, a psychiatrist and a prison warden open up a long-closed prison, unaware that the ghost of an electrocuted convict haunts it.  A 40-year-old world-famous chef with anger management issues is assigned to run a cooking class at a centre for young people with autism. Shmuel, a Hasidic cantor in Upstate New York and distraught at the untimely death of his wife, struggles to find religious solace, while secretly obsessing over how her body will decay. As a clandestine partnership develops with Albert, a local community college biology professor, the two embark on a darkly comic and increasingly literal undertaking into the underworld. A widow whose land and life are in danger as the railroad is getting closer and closer to taking them over. A mysterious harmonica player joins forces with a desperado to protect the woman and her land. Lowriders vs. Zombies from Space is a comedic Sci-Fi/Horror film set in the city of San Antonio, TX. It is in the style of the classical 80s-90s "B" low budget movies of that era with a modern take. The story follows a group of friends and lowriders throughout the day as they prepare to go to a dance that night. During the dance a strange alien substance is introduced and infects several people turning them into alien zombies. After that all hell breaks loose inside and outside of the dance hall. Lowriders must survive the vicious attack of these alien zombies using their resources, the cars.   A sheriff's deputy fights an alternate universe version of himself who grows stronger with each alternate self he kills. Diego De Silva's book An highly heterogeneous group of people go to Armenia to make a movie, all ignoring what will happen to each of them. Twelfth Night is a tale of unrequited love - hilarious and heartbreaking. Two twins are separated in a shipwreck, and forced to fend for themselves in a strange land. The first twin, Viola, falls in love with Orsino, who dotes on OIivia, who falls for Viola but is idolised by Malvolio. Enter Sebastian, who is the spitting image of his twin sister...  Christopher Luscombe, Director of the 'glorious' (Daily Telegraph) Love's Labour's Lost and Much Ado About Nothing (2014 and 2016), returns to the Royal Shakespeare Company to tackle Shakespeare's greatest comedy, a brilliantly bittersweet account of "the whirligig of time". Though Goofy always means well, his amiable cluelessness and klutzy pratfalls regularly embarrass his awkward adolescent son, Max. When Max's lighthearted prank on his high-school principal finally gets his longtime crush, Roxanne, to notice him, he asks her on a date. Max's trouble at school convinces Goofy that he and the boy need to bond over a cross-country fishing trip like the one he took with his dad when he was Max's age, which throws a kink in his son's plans to impress Roxanne. Matti is 11 years old and dreams of a family vacation in his father's native country, Finland. He manages to get what he wants by telling a whopping lie. But once they get there, Matti, his younger brother Sami and his parents find themselves without a place to stay, no money and no car in the middle of Finnish wilderness. Only a miracle can save them - or Uncle Jussi, who has been struggling to compete with Matti's father his whole life. This movie based on Salah Naoura's award-winning children book offers entertainment for people of all ages. Alicia is a workaholic executive who suddenly loses her job and her family. In her process of rebuilding, she associates with a neighbor and helps her in her business. This is how she manages to be the most successful businesswoman in the country. During this process, she tries to reconquer her husband, only to realize that in order to return with him, she will have to learn to balance work and family life. A girl named Mika decides to go on a road trip to look for aliens. During her trip, she accidentally bumps into Caloy whom she gives a free ride to until he reaches his destination. Mika then finds out that Caloy has cancer but despite it, he has learned to accept his fate. Both embark on a journey filled with adventures and misadventures not knowing they would fall in love with each other along the way.  Charleston is a 1977 Italian comedy film written and directed by Marcello Fondato. It reprises the style of the film The Sting. In 1985, several college students in Geneseo, NY were confronted with the unimaginable as their friend, Chris DiCesare, became the unwilling focus of a series of paranormal events, recorded in the form of journal notes by John Jeff Ungar. The story of an encounter between a bourgeois man and a poor woman, because their teenage children fall in love. Three small town boys move to Chicago to pursue their dreams. One tries to become a fashion model. Another is a street busker who is always messing up. The third is the responsible one who loses his job. Hi-jinks ensue when the busker gets 20K in debt to a bookie and the model invests his whole paycheck into used sex toys. Hong Kong horror movie. Francisco and his closest friends play on a soccer team that has reached its lowest point. They've got to win one of the next three games to keep the school from cutting their team altogether. A series of strange events take place in the first two games. Coincidence? Conspiracy? Francisco and his friends decide to create The Footballest, an investigative team that will get them into all kinds of adventures, where their ingenuity and their friendships will be put to the test. A self-obsessed actor in the midst of a mid-life crisis juggles a fawning ingenue, a crazed playwright, his ex-wife, and the personal lives of his friends. This is the story of Lucia, a young woman who has to take care of her teenager daughter all by herself working for an architectural firm. When she has to do an evaluation of a land, she finds out there is something off. The police force of a remote Midwestern town search for a killer Santa Claus who is picking off citizens on Christmas Eve. In the midst of family tensions, an egocentric free spirit who hits rock bottom finds unexpected success as a self-empowerment guru after publishing a self-help book. For 40 year old Nikola, everyday life is just about producing the worst, the most vulgar reality shows and hidden cameras for TV. His life begins to change when he starts to mentor young girl pushed to be star by her ambitious mother. In turn of the events, Nikola starts to wonder if it is he who is the target of some hidden camera show. A kindhearted street urchin named Aladdin embarks on a magical adventure after finding a lamp that releases a wisecracking genie while a power-hungry Grand Vizier vies for the same lamp that has the power to make their deepest wishes come true. The greatest collection of current underground movie trailers around! Seijiro Ito possesses good looks, but also has an overinflated ego. He gets involved with five different women. Rio Yazaki is one of the women involved with Seijiro Ito. She wants to revive her career as a screenwriter, by using other people's unhappiness. The Pitch from 1998 lasts about five minutes - the entire length of a single 35mm spool, its only movement that of a camera zooming out; in it, we see Lewis himself in the middle of the picture read a text in which he tells the story of the 'extras', those unnamed armies of so-called supernumeraries without whom thousands of films would appear desperately empty. As the camera zooms out, Lewis himself is reduced to an extra among extras. Boo has gone straight, but when Mecca calls in a favor, he has no choice but to go with him to a chop shop.  Things don't go as planned. Ten actresses, all of them eighties' icons, are summoned to star in a theater play in Buenos Aires. This documentary goes behind the scenes and portrays their lives today. Thirty years after their glory days, what is it that drives them to make their comeback? A documentary celebrating the enduring legacy of silent film comedian Buster Keaton, 100 years after his first appearance on film.  Abducted off the sidewalk of suburban America, fifteen year old Dani finds herself submerged in the horrific underground world of human trafficking. With no initial assistance from the police, Dani's mother and an ex-prostitute take to the streets in an effort to find her before it is too late. ALAN  a successful TV producer of popular but bubble-headed sci-fi series, is about to get married to his beautiful fiancee, JENNIFER, the voluptuous but vacuous star of his hit TV show, "Porthole." To celebrate, they schedule a destination wedding in Palm Springs, where he holds a reunion of his closest friends from college. Arriving in Palm Springs to celebrate are a diverse range of characters including his best friends KEVIN , now an attorney who has given up his dreams for the future, his ex-wife GABRIELLE , who is going through a mid-life crisis of her own and has taken up with a young and wild 20 year old, AMBER, the pretentious and prurient blogger IAN , his old college roommate MITCH, a successful and well-adjusted dentist and STEVEN, who is attending with his new boyfriend STEPHEN. A teenager from an abusive household falls in love with a free-spirited runaway that leads him into the fast-lane lifestyle of drugs and addiction which threatens to destroy him. Three friends decide to take vacation together where they test the meaning of friendship and a journey of self-discovery. Georg "Schorsch" Kempter is a gardener in a small Bavarian town, working day-in, day-out in his nursery, which is facing bankruptcy. He doesn't like to talk much. He never has. His marriage has long lost all its magic and on top of that, he has trouble to connect with his daughter. Only when he is flying in his own rickety biplane, Schorsch feels truly free. When the owner of the local golf course tries to cheat Schorsch for his money, claiming the shade of green of the grass Schorsch has planted on the golf course is not right, insolvency seems unavoidable. So just when his airplane is about to be impounded, Schorsch grabs the control stick and flies away in an attempt to save his plane and himself. He embarks onto a journey into the unknown, to places he has never seen before, full of odd and special encounters - and with every take-off and every landing, this tough man's heart slowly warms up to what you might call an idea of happiness. Bobi (Jeff Smith) is an obedient student who often reports naughty students. Dio (Brandon Salim) is a  shy geek. Nanoy (Babe Cabita) repeatedly stayed in class. And Ellie (Sheryl Sheinafia) a too arty girl seem to be weird. They are four friends who share the same fate in a high school. They are excluded. Inspired by the success of SOL--Sandro (Ernest Prakasa), Oscar (Young Lex), Lola (Han Yoo Ra)--a trio of successful Youtubers who used to be nobody and are often the victims of bullying, the quartet is determined to change their fate by becoming famous through Youtube. But the struggle is not easy, and their friendship is broken. Charley Pearl, wealthy heir and gadabout, is slated to marry Adele, the daughter of a Hollywood tycoon. But, during a wild bachelor party in Las Vegas, Charley strikes up a flirtation with nightclub crooner Vicki Anderson that soon leads to her bedroom. When the couple are discovered by Vicki's beau, infamous gangster Bugsy Siegel, he makes a surprising pronouncement -- they'd better marry, or Charley is a dead man. Takashi works at a company, but he is tired of his boring days there and quits. At that time, Renchi, who got involved in a dangerous situation, visits Takashi. Another friend, Kinobu, joins them. They all graduated from the same high school.  The three friends take a car and leave for Hokkaido. On the way, Renchi takes Takashi and Kinobu to the place where Renchi promised to meet a girl named Tsukiko. Renchi talked to Tsukiko through an online dating website. A psychological thriller about a young married couple who buys a beautiful Napa Valley house on several acres of land only to find that the man they bought it from refuses to let go of the property. Jolly Baru and Polly Boys Movie Is That Romantic Action Entertainer Directed and Produced by Karanji Sheridhar If Veera Samarth Score Music For This ... Constructed from over 500 hours of never-before-seen footage, this documentary centers on the career of celebrated football player Diego Maradona who played for SSC Napoli in the 1980s. In a remarkable turn of events, the result of the presidential election comes down to one man's vote. This eye-opening doc explores the phenomena of "outsourcing" surrogate mothers to India. Weaving together personal stories within a growing international industry, the film reveals the clash of reproductive technology and choice from a global perspective. Three stories, three views on love and adultery in a comical way.  An engaged couple is forced to visit Palm Springs for a weekend to celebrate her parents' 25th wedding vow renewal and discover the apparent secret to their happy marriage -- threesomes. Determined to properly celebrate their own "re-engagement," they set out on a wild night in search of a threesome of their own but the experience takes an intense turn, exposing deeper relationship problems and threatening their future together. Aprilyn who is left by his groom on the day of their wedding becomes viral online. Devastated, she meets Raffy who works at a PR agency hired by the father of the groom who will help her move on. Tucker and Hamid are going to be grandfathers for the first time, but only if they can come together long enough to save their first-born grandchild. This exceptional theatrical version of Lewis Carroll's 1865 classic features a combination of live characters and puppets. An engaged couple believes that they are meant to be together, but their conviction shatters when their families meet each other.  A seemingly perfect couple suddenly end their relationship, much to the chagrin of the parents, who try to speak to their children in their language. A divorced teacher suddenly becomes jealous of everyone, including her daughter, friends and neighbors. Police officers at a station must solve a murder case. Tired of the online dating world, a hopeful woman decides to give it one last try with a mysterious stranger who shares her love for scary films. In the hip Brooklyn neighborhood of Red Hook, single dad and record store owner Frank is preparing to send his hard-working daughter Sam off to college while being forced to close his vintage shop. Hoping to stay connected through their shared musical passions, Frank urges Sam to turn their weekly jam sessions into a father-daughter live act. After their first song becomes an internet breakout, the two embark on a journey of love, growing up and musical discovery. Dono, Kasino, and Indro continues to find treasure in Malaysia to pay their debts. When Jia Xin runs away from her wedding, her friends are forced to come to terms with their own personal issues. "What a Damn Circus" - A young university student Hugo falls in love with promising violinist Agnes, but something happens that changes his life completely. Moving on, the story turns into a romantic drama-comedy with great portions of humour and warmth, as Hugo ends up at Circus Margot and is drawn into that absorbing existence. A passionate youngster who dreams of making it in the music industry is on the verge of losing his love. What will happen to his career and romance? Two languorous summer days, two thorny tales of romantic misunderstanding: in part one, two girlfriends (Milena Csergo and Lucie Grunstein) head to the Cergy leisure park for a day of swimming and equally vigorous flirtation; in the second, a Norwegian exchange student (Hanne Mathisen Haga) finds herself the target of unwanted attention from two would-be suitors. The deeper the truths, the deeper the laughs: it's a truism that applies to most of the roster here at Stand Up! Records, especially so with David Heti's new combined CD and DVD release, "It Was OK." Not the set--the set is exceptional--but the experience of Heti's life, of telling jokes he writes at 4am in a cloud of existential dread, well, that's okay. Collective, social suffering and comedic catharsis? That's okay, too. A young villager woos the daughter of a rich man hoping that her father would do good for his village. What he doesn't know is that the father is actually waiting to take revenge on the villagers for a slight made years ago. In 1968 the lives of a retired doorman, hotel manager, lounge singer, busboy, beautician and others intersect in the wake of Robert F. Kennedy's assassination at the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles. Matchbox Twenty's iTunes Festival Performance Be part of the action at this year's iTunes Festival. Four friends, Bhavesh (Ravish Desai), Dharmesh (Prem Gadhvi), Rehaan (Gaurav Passwala) and Dinesh Bhai (Jayesh More) want an eventful life. But as Bhavesh gets married to his girlfriend Jharna (Jayaka Yagnik) of four year, when their life changes into a monotonous routine. As the four friends find themselves getting trapped into the boredom of household life, Nisha (Jhinal Belani) walks into Bhavesh's life and things change further. What follows is a series of confusions, misunderstandings, revelations and more. But all's well that ends well. When a workaholic young executive, is left at the altar, she ends up on her Caribbean honeymoon cruise with the last person she ever expected: her estranged and equally workaholic father. The two depart as strangers, but over the course of a few hilarious adventures, a couple of umbrella-clad cocktails and a whole lot of soul-searching, they return with a renewed appreciation for family and life. Softcore fantasy film. Planted by his fiancee at the airport, Bruno flies away alone for a week in an All Inclusive Caribbean vacation club. Bad news never comes alone, he will have to share his room with Jean-Paul Cisse, eternal bachelor very invading . Centred around Ronnie, a struggling restaurateur who is mired in debt and the fallout from her previous short-lived romance with British actor Henry. Ronnie's now living with laidback, loyal Jeff, but her world is turned upside down when Henry returns to Australia with his French lover Sophie in tow.  A mockumentary following a small group of elite players preparing for the world championships of GoldenEye in a world which has forgotten all about the classic Nintendo 64 game. Super Crazy is the first feature length special from New York City's Todd Barry. Two men are wrongly arrested as being the accomplices of a most-wanted terrorist. How do they prove their innocence? An easily frustrated and wise-cracking charter bus driver from the mid-west loses everything after being fired. Desperately, he moves in with his crazy cousin to become a mailman in the rough urban area of Cleveland, Ohio. An earthquake shatters a peaceful Los Angeles morning and opens a fissure deep into the earth, causing lava to start bubbling up. As a volcano begins forming in the La Brea Tar Pits, the director of the city's emergency management service, Mike Roark, working with geologist Amy Barnes, must then use every resource in the city to try and stop the volcano from consuming Los Angeles. Fabio struggles with a cumbersome father and a capricious and spoiled little sister who consider him a good for nothing, a "vegetable" in fact. The unfortunate recent graduate looks for a job reacts to the contempt of his family and demanding employers, when an unexpected event remixes roles... Everyone in Tommy's life -- his sister, his dad, his neighbor, even his dog -- is an awesome skateboarder. Everyone except Tommy himself! Sick of getting teased for being a klutz, Tommy accepts a skate-off challenge from the local bully Frankie. Can his friend Alice and his pooch, Buddy, teach Tommy to flip, ollie, grab, and slide in time for the big showdown? This film is a story of two bastards that after the death of their father, their wife has been tracked down and for the sake of doing business in China, they are betraying Pattaya, but their confrontation with the old friend mixes everything. The quirky Dutch-Jamaican Hadiah Tromp (21) is the daughter of Navy officer Tromp, who believes his daughter is a perfect fit for the Navy. But Hadiah doesn't like her Navy training. She prefers to stay at home and listen to her collection of old Ska records. When her boyfriend cheats on her, she decides to finish her Navy training. But Hadiah has difficulties feeling at home in the disciplined and closed environment of the naval frigate and she has constant collusions with the handsome but stern Sergeant Major Paul Borremans. Can the impulsive Hadiah stand tall in the Navy world full of rules? Or is she forced to leave the ship early? A self-proclaimed criminal Theda Singh who's just been released from Tihar Jail is recruited by India's premier intelligence agency RAW (Research and Analysis Wing) to infiltrate the gang of mafia don Bob Marley  and ultimately eliminate him. A Punjabi bus conductor falls in love with a Haryanvi girl, and then the comedy sets up when these different cultures get mingled up for marriage. A story about Nando who's a dutiful son and breadwinner to his family and Sabrina a rich kid and one of the top models in the country. While both prepare for their biggest breaks, these two strangers wake up one day in an extraordinary circumstance switching bodies with each other. Keen young Raymold Avila joins the Internal Affairs Department of the Los Angeles police. He and partner Amy Wallace are soon looking closely at the activities of cop Dennis Peck whose financial holdings start to suggest something shady. Indeed Peck is involved in any number of dubious or downright criminal activities. He is also devious, a womaniser, and a clever manipulator, and he starts to turn his attention on Avila. The Plot revolves around three P's - Paisa (Money), Property & Pyaar (Love). Hardik and Bhavik, friends for life are ambitious young men who dream of becoming wealthy quickly. In their quest for easy money, with a twist of fate the duo find themselves embroiled in a situation that sets a chain reaction where the Mafia, the Police and the Gamblers are all on a wild but hilarious chase after them. A teenage boy causes problems on an everyday basis. He falls in love with a transfer student and becomes close to her, but he keeps thinking about his first love from early childhood that he couldn't confess his feelings to. Lauren, a lovely 29-year-old it-girl, tries to break into the world of fashion by skimming Parisian parties. Olivia, a 28-year-old psychologist, has two obsessions: to save the confectionery of her parents, and to find her ideal husband. At the age of 26, Salma, a fiery young history teacher, still lives with her mother in the suburbs. Their roads have no reason to cross - until the day when, on the death of their biological father that they never knew, they inherit together a splendid Parisian apartment. For these three sisters who have nothing in common, cohabitation will prove to be explosive, to say the least. Dan Freilich (30), a handsome and dozy nerd, was sure that his life were all planned out for the next 50 years. pretty soon he was also supposed to get married, to his high school sweetheart. That's all you need, isn't it? Apparently not. The sequel to one of the most loved Estonian comedy films Class Reunion 2: A Wedding and a Funeral sees the return of the three high-school friends Mart, Andres and Toomas. This time they are planning a memorable stag party for Toomas, but due to unexpected turn of events end up at a funeral instead. It has been a year since the unforgettable class reunion and our three friends have all reached new stages in their lives. The rock star Toomas (Genka) has finally decided to get married. Mart (Mait Malmsten) is having troubles with his wife. And Andres (Ago Anderson) has declared war on the female sex and decided to become a resolute bachelor. In the run-up to the 1972 elections, Washington Post reporter Bob Woodward covers what seems to be a minor break-in at the Democratic Party National Headquarters. He is surprised to find top lawyers already on the defense case, and the discovery of names and addresses of Republican fund organizers on the accused further arouses his suspicions. After the editor of the Post runs with the story and assigns Woodward and Carl Bernstein to it, they find the trail leading higher and higher in the Republican Party--and eventually into the White House itself. Karina is doing her best to have the first happy relationship ever. Unfortunately, the man to whom she gave her heart, seems to be more interested in himself than her. One unforeseen event and one little lie will change Karina's organized life into an emotional and hilarious roller-coaster. It soon turns out that other people around Karina have their little secrets, too. When the truth comes out, everyone will have to finally put their relationships and in their hearts in order. Accidentally, a poor couple and a rich one meet each other. These young couple have some difficulties. The ethereal Lok Dai plays a pivotal role in the 1962 Shaw Brothers screwball costume comedy The Bride Napping. Based on a chapter of author Shi Naian's The Water Margin (AKA: Outlaws of the Marsh), the action kicks off when Liu Yuen Ying (Ding Nung) is "bride-napped" by a bandit who's out to make her his wife! The bandit's sympathetic sister returns Ying, but that's only the beginning of the mistaken identities, social satires, and cross-dressing confusion as Ying's disappearance and return wreaks havoc with the locals! A delightful costume comedy that combines screwball antics, musical interludes, and even a little action, The Bride Napping is a fun and entertaining way to catch the legendary Lok Dai at her most beautiful and charming! Charles Bronson is out for revenge in this action drama. Jackie Pruit (Jill Ireland) is the girlfriend of notorious gangster Joe Bomposa (Rod Steiger). When it looks as if Jackie's life is being threatened by Bomposa's goons, the FBI moves in to protect her, in hopes that she'll have incriminating evidence that the Bureau can use against Bomposa in court. Veteran agent Charlie Congers (Bronson) is assigned to watch over Jackie, and while it soon becomes obvious that she knows almost nothing about Bomposa that would be of any use to the FBI, he also falls in love with her. However, Bomposa decides that it would be a lot more convenient to have Jackie out of the way, and he orders her to be executed. Bomposa's henchmen manage to slip through FBI security and murder her, but now they have to answer to the angry and vengeful Congers. A group of nerdy college guys who can't seem to connect with girls their own age discover the excitement of hooking up with sexy older women. He's lived for too long off his parents. It's time for 40-year-old slacker Jacques to get by on his own. One-time gigolo and a borderline bum, he knows what he wants - to become rich and famous. He even has a business plan: tourism combined with cheap plastic surgery. Jacques moves in with his older sister, Monique, who manages an Emmaus village in the south west of France. And before long, the smooth-talking chancer has convinced a group of workers to pool their meagre funds and set out on a trip to a clinic in Bulgaria, where all their dreams of a brighter and more beautiful future will all come true. If only... For two friends there is only one secret to happiness, that is easy to understand, but, perhaps, difficult to accept. Klara, devoted to her work as a tax inspector, becomes infatuated with the dashing but irresponsible and cynical Marian who is about to be charged with tax evasion. There is an abandoned little town in the middle of nowhere in Russia - only two lonely old men and recently widowed lady living there. One of the men decides to put an end to his loneliness and offer his hand to the widow. However, the other man is not satisfied with the twist and also offers himself as her companion. They wage war at each other. Ash, Shannon, and Wendy are all late. You know... LATE. As their collective anxiety grows, they band together to face their fears, confront the potential fathers, and egg a car or two. All part of the world's first maybe shower.  Fans flock to a festival celebrating the most iconic horror movies, only to discover that the charismatic showman behind the event has a diabolical agenda. As attendees start dying off, three teenagers with more horror-film wits than real-world knowledge must band together and battle through every madman, monstrosity, and terrifying scenario if they have any hope of surviving. A corrupt police officer enjoys all the perks of being an immoral and unethical police officer until an event which transforms his life completely and forces him to choose the righteous path. Young and disenchanted Sam meets a mysterious and beautiful woman who's swimming in his building's pool one night. When she suddenly vanishes the next morning, Sam embarks on a surreal quest across Los Angeles to decode the secret behind her disappearance, leading him into the murkiest depths of mystery, scandal and conspiracy. An Ape from Space spreads terror into a small towns camp grounds. The lazy sheriff, and dumb deputy don't know what to do about it. Billie #hatesherjob and quits mere months before getting married. She meets a ragtag group of women also looking for employment, and finds herself juggling her upcoming wedding with launching a new tech start-up. A couple struggle to find happiness after a whirlwind courtship.  Cannes Festival 1991 A young girl flees to France to forget her boyfriend; first his letters pursue her, then he himself follows her there. During a party to celebrate the moon landing she takes her own small step... A wife finds out her husband has a mistress. She decides to propose her to share her life with her husband, alternating every two weeks. Born to a poor farming family in Brittany, Becassine finds work as a nanny with the Marquise de Grand-Air who has recently adopted a lovely baby named Loulotte. A strong bond develops between Becassine and Loulotte, and life is sweet, until the Grand-Airs are threatened with financial ruin... Can Becassine save the day? Naive, funny, dreamy, optimistic, loving, Becassine is also inventive, courageous and always ready to handle any situation in her own unique way - a superheroine like no other. Cesar-winner Bruno Podalydes returns with a family movie adapted from the beloved French comic book Becassine. Paula, who is beautiful and full of life, ends with her boyfriend and is left devastated; her friends Fer and Jen decide to create a plan to find her the ideal boy: to find a virgin guy who can fall in love with her. Concerned about his wife Gayatri's menstrual hygiene, Lakshmikant Chauhan urges her to ditch the cloth and opt for sanitary napkins. Gayatri is reluctant to go for disposable pads as they are expensive. Lakshmi obsessing over a 'ladies problem' makes her cringe but he insists on bringing upon a change by addressing the taboo topic. Subjected to hostility for ruffling the religious and age-old beliefs of people around, can the man brave the resistance and get his point across? A straight wrestling coach finds himself smitten with one of his gay students. A student whose life may soon be in danger. Meanwhile a deranged cemetery worker is infatuated with someone of his own. Someone he can never have....alive! Their stories become entangled in this featurization of the short film "The Caretaker Of Cook County" Adult film sensation Grayson Lange stars with newcomer Daniel Jensen, in his first gay erotic scenes, on or off camera! Also starring Babaloo favorite Addison Graham and Harper Stevenson. This Mystery/Horror film is Written and Directed by Steven Vasquez An ex-thief returns for the revange of his father's murder makes an intelligent plan to reach the killer, a godfather named as Ghost. During his robbery operations, he plays with the police chief who is trying to stop him. In his final robbery, he finds something different than what he expects, something bigger. Novak cannot sleep. Not to disturb his girlfriend, he spends his nights in the streets of Budapest and gets into weirder and weirder, more and more impossible and dangerous situations and liaisons. Unless he dies, he may regain his dreams by them. Turo is stuck in a small village and the best thing in his life is being the lead vocalist for the amateur metal band Impaled Rektum. He and his bandmates have practiced for 12 years without playing a single gig. The guys get a surprise visitor from Norway -- the promoter for a huge heavy metal music festival -- and decide it's now or never. They steal a van, a corpse, and even a new drummer to make their dreams a reality. Funny character "Cumali Ceber" goes to a vacation with his unclever friends. The fun saga continues during the holiday. Hard-working Yuria runs a small printing company. Despite her best efforts, she can't seem to attract the attention of Kazunari, a polite yet aloof client who is more interested in flirting with Mako, Yuria's ditzy younger sister and employee. Meanwhile, Kazunari has his hands full with Takuji, his rough-hewn brother who was recently released from prison and is crashing at his apartment. Miki Takaraishi is a smart and beautiful 24-year-old woman, but her personality is not as good. She falls in love with Yuga Saito who is handsome and comes from a politician family. They see each other romantically, but Yugo Saito dumps Miki Takaraishi. To get revenge on Yuga Saito, she decides to run for prime minister. For her election campaign, she hires Toshiya Kadowaki as her campaign strategist. Raju, a village boy goes to Bangalore in search for a job and finds different meanings to life while dealing with hurdles that the city puts him through. Gertrud (89) has only one thing in mind when she smiles at the man online, even though she has no memory of doing so: to determine the final stages of her life herself before winding up in the dementia ward. But neither her end-of-life therapist or her family nor her suitor can be coaxed into honouring her request. Love with a clerk (Florence Rice) and a robbery by gangsters preoccupy a department store's new owner (Robert Young). The mayor of a small provincial town, caught up in mundane affairs and corruption, summons his three deputies before fleeing: one of them will have to succeed. From then on, Veyron, Ben and Karabik, mere office colleagues, become fierce rivals with betrayals, inventions, revelations. A delightful dark comedy about a group of girls who accidentally kill someone. Seven young female criminals, led by an over-enthusiastic social worker, work off community service hours by collecting garbage in a haunted forest when they accidentally kill someone. Flashbacks tell their backstories in a mix of folk-horror and teen comedy. A road movie about two very different brothers who have not seen each other for 20 years: city manager Christian  and cabinetmaker Georg, who never left their hometown and took care of their father until his passing.  After their fathers funeral, the brothers decide on a whim, and with some help from the alcohol, to fulfil their old dream: travel trough Germany together on their mopeds.   Rahul Roy returns to his city of joy Kolkata after 6 long years from USA. He has turned out to be one of the well known flirtatious guys.Gunja is his childhood friend who has always saved him from all his mischievousness. Gunja being a simple middle class innocent girl always helps him out of her love for him which she fails to express.In such a situation Rahul falls in a very difficult yet funny situation and is unable to come out of it. Gunja too denies to help him this time. Three middle aged childhood friends Purne, Karne and Guna Prasad are still bachelor and want to get married and settled. Purne's mother want to marry his son with a daughter of a rich villager. The father of the born unlucky girl has announced 1.5 Million rupees for her groom. Karne from the untouchable cast is in one sided love with the same born unlucky girl. Guna Prasad, a public school teacher is unable to express his deep inner love to Karne's sister. The dreams and desires of each friend bring conflict between them and the drama gone extreme when a hunter tourist make an entry in the village. Their childhood friendship is now on the edge of the sword. When Heera (Nisha Adhikari) goes missing and Police Inspector Rai (Dayahang Rai) is having difficulties in discovering her whereabouts. he then hires village girls Pushpa (Priyanka Karki) and Ramita (Keki Adhikari) in hopes he might solve the case with their assistance.  Although they are virtual strangers, a man and a woman consider entering into a fake marriage to achieve their individual aspirations. A disillusioned London chef visits Nigeria and struggles with her matchmaking mother and restoring the family's rundown hotel. She's heartbroken when she discovers the man she loves is buying it. At the Palacio, an all-inclusive resort in the carribean, Mike's arrival complicates the normal flow of operations. His voracious appetite, mysterious magnetism and unexpected miracles bring him the curious, among which he makes three friends and meeets a few admirers, a jealous salsa teacher and an enamored octopus. All of whom will accompany him in a gargantuan downward spiral mixing civil unrest and intestinal meltdown; a change of administration held up by the most attentive staff in the world. Events unfold between two evenings after the death of a man in a coastal village. A shy and insecure delivery truck driver accidentally arrives on the scene of a major crime and happens to pick up two bags of cash and hides them in his truck. Though an interrogation of two tough police detectives isn't enough, the guy, who has a doctor's degree in philosophy which makes his mind mingle with remorse, must find a way to get rid of this dirty money. Only the help of a prostitute and a former biker who came out of jail might get him out of trouble, especially that a gang leader is very weary to get his cash back or kill whoever is responsible for this mess. However, even the two bumbling detectives are monitoring the case as well. Pete Ivey (Jason Dolley) is the type of guy who's easily overlooked in the school halls -- unlike his boisterous best friend, Cleatus Poole (Mitchel Musso), who's proudly carrying on the family tradition of spreading school spirit as the spirited Brewster High chicken. But when the costume prompts an allergy attack, Poole begs Pete to take his place at center court; the resulting anonymity frees Pete to discover his inner star. Trouble is, it's Poole who's getting all the attention from fans, who think he's the one behind the mask. Meanwhile, Pete's attempts to get noticed by pretty new girl Angela (Josie Loren) are complicated by the fact that she's also entranced with the mysterious man in the chicken suit. In the end, Pete must decide whether facing the possibility of rejection is worth revealing himself for what -- and who -- he really is.  Breaking up is easy. Moving out is hard. Especially when there's a New York City apartment involved. After five years of ups and downs, an African American 30-something couple in a gentrifying Brooklyn neighborhood spends their final afternoon together arguing and remember better days, as one of them moves out and hopefully on with her life. A police officer who's transfered in the police of Marseille gets assigned to take down a group of Italian robbers who drive the powerfull Ferrari's with the older niece of Daniel, a terrible driver who gets the legendary white taxi. Bitter Melon is a "home for the holidays" dark comedy where a Filipino-American family plots to kill an abusive member. Collin must make it through his final three days of probation for a chance at a new beginning. He and his troublemaking childhood best friend, Miles, work as movers, and when Collin witnesses a police shooting, the two men's friendship is tested as they grapple with identity and their changed realities in the rapidly-gentrifying neighborhood they grew up in. Three couples reassess their relationships while on a weekend away in the Alps.  RAMEKIN tells the story of Emily (Jamie Saunders), a college girl in New York City coming to live in the spacious Upper West Side apartment of her recently-deceased grandmother. There she encounters a little white porcelain cup that slowly begins to control her life and demand the unthinkable. Bruce Macdonald follows punk bank Hard Core Logo on a harrowing last-gasp reunion tour throughout Western Canada. As magnetic lead-singer Joe Dick holds the whole magilla together through sheer force of will, all the tensions and pitfalls of life on the road come bubbling to the surface.  A lazy thirty-something is happy to sit out the zombie apocalypse in his fortified suburban abode, until his wife acts on a more pragmatic strategy for survival, forcing him to become the zombie killer he was trying to avoid. This short documentary highlights one of the biannual dinners at Club Prosper Montagne, a leading international gastronomic society. While elaborate dishes are served with great pomp, we meet Quebec's Chef of the year Marcel Kretz, who is coordinating the feast from the kitchen of Hotel La Sapiniere, in the Laurentians. A comedy movies of China Elton had a mysteriously affair with Sia, Casey turned herself into a love expert after the heartbreak of Elton's cheat. The unfortunate couple accidentally encounters each other after 10 years. Alain, a successful Parisian publisher struggling to adapt to the digital revolution, has major doubts about the new manuscript of Leonard, one of his long-time authors - another work of auto-fiction recycling his love affair with a minor celebrity. Selena, Alain's wife, a famous stage actress, is of the opposite opinion. Mary and Statton's one-night stand at a hotel gets interrupted by a robbery, and the complete strangers are forced to help each other navigate the seedy underbelly of a sleepy Welsh island in order to get back their stolen property. When a woman tries to outwit her husband's sexy young mistress, the unexpected consequences include starring as King Lear in a very amateur production - with the mistress, an aspiring actress, playing The Fool. The title refers to those strange coincidences that happen to us sometimes and that seem inevitable, like a product of destiny. Inspired by the experience of a Canarian child victim of cancer, the film is conceived as a Christmas story. A wanna-be author feels pressured to move beyond her meandering writing career and get a more stable job. She decides to organize a Shakespeare festival, a plan that could have tricky ramifications for her marriage. When recently single Steven moves into his new apartment, cable guy Chip comes to hook him up--and doesn't let go. Initially, Chip is just overzealous in his desire to be Steven's pal, but when Steven tries to end the 'friendship', Chip shows his dark side. He begins stalking Steven, who's left to fend for himself because no one else can believe Chip's capable of such behaviour. Sreeram, an ex NRI, along with few other people, gets involved in an easy money-making plan and finds himself amidst unexpected situations. In this unusual ride, each one ends up showing different shades of their personality, revealing how far they are willing to go to fulfill their dreams. Kadaisi Bench Karthi is an upcoming Indian Tamil comedy film directed by Ravi Bhargavan.  This Tamil-Telugu bilingual comedy showcases the effect that a smart phone can have on a loving relationship. Mock documentary about an upstart candidate for the U.S. Senate written and directed by actor Tim Robbins. Bob Roberts is a folksinger with a difference: He offers tunes that protest welfare chiselers, liberal whining, and the like. As the filmmakers follow his campaign, Robbins gives needle-sharp insight into the way candidates manipulate the media. An insane gore filled zombie anthology. Radit and Jani is a happy couple with a very rock-and-roll way of living. Drugs, tattoos, lots of cigarettes, noise musics. Once upon a time, they got no money, and Radit and Jani have to work to get money. Two college grads return to their hometown, where a hypothetical question -- whose dad would win in a fight? -- leads to mass mayhem. Television performances taped for ABC-TV program "Shindig" July 1, 1965 at the ABC Television Center, Hollywood, California. The performances were broadcast July 7, 1965, except for "Who'll Be the Next in Line" (Track 6), which was scheduled for broadcast on September 16, but evidently not used until included on this commercial video release in 1992. Sophie's 18th birthday becomes a bloodbath when monsters descend upon her house, devouring the guests and killing anyone who tries to leave. To survive the night, Sophie must face her destiny: monsters are real and she's the only one who can stop them. On hearing the news that one of the Sharma family members in Mumbai, Devendar may pass off anytime, his siblings - Jeetendar, Ravindar and Lalita, immediately rush down to be with him and his family for support, along with their families from across the country. What happens when the most eligible bachelor in Delhi, Veerey messes up his first meeting with the father of his beloved? The most fatal blow to the loved-up couple: NO blessing from the father-in-law! Not helping the matter further, is Veerey's elder cousin brother, Balli, who threatens the would-be in-laws with dire consequences if anyone dares to break Veerey's heart. Jesus is kicked out of Heaven for being a homosexual, stripped of his powers and cast down to Earth as punishment. He suffers a mental breakdown and creates an alter ego as a wizard. After an altercation, an Atheist jerk, a poor guy down on his luck, and a woman with a strange religious fetish discover his true identity. They ultimately decide to try and help Jesus get his powers back, but not without catching the attention of some maniacal protesters in town. With their Mother dying of cancer, intent on changing her will to benefit her new husband before she dies, two brothers go to extreme and deadly lengths to protect their inheritance from being signed away before it's too late. A LIVE never-before-seen hilarious riffing of the 1983 Doctor Who feature length episode The Five Doctors. Tiezhu (Li) is a private eye recruited by the police to investigate the criminal activities surrounding action icon Yuen Bao (Chan). A long-time fan of Bao's, the asthma patient Tiezhu can hardly believe his luck when he saves his idol's life during a set accident. But as the two become friends and Tiezhu is brought in to reshape the sci-fi action film that Bao is working on, Bao's sneaky manager, Tai (Danny Chan Kwok-kwan), is determined to turn his action crew into drug traffickers. When a successful television writer's daughter becomes the interest of an aging filmmaker with an appalling past, he becomes worried about how to handle the situation.  The original Guess Who perform before a live audience in Toronto during their 1983 reunion tour. Included are interview segments which highlight each bandmember's solo career, and spirited performances of "Shakin' All Over," "These Eyes," "No Time," "American Woman" and more. A conman poses as a war relief fundraiser, but when he falls for a charity worker, his conscience begins to trouble him. Sakai is a city near Osaka by the bay famous for its swords in the old days and kitchen knives today. Norio is an antique dealer in the city. Sasuke is a potter in the city. Seventeenth century tea master Sen No Rikyu appears before them one day. Anand is a cleanliness freak, someone suffering from OCD . What happens when a man like that falls in love? Will the person he loves learn to live with his quirks or will he have to change?  Three handsome boys, one dream: To become a superstar Fiction inspired from the story of the rise and the fall of french politician and former head of the International Monetary Fund, Dominique Strauss-Kahn. Laxminarayan Kapoor lives a wealthy lifestyle in London along with his religious wife, Maya; son Ravinder; and two nephews, Sandeep and Randeep. While the nephews have adapted themselves to the country and women, Ravinder is still a virgin at 40, and is a sleep-walker. After getting his leg pulled constantly, he asks his father to get him married, and is introduced to a statuesque beauty - who rejects him after discovering his sleep-walking disorder. His parents then get him married to Gauri, and he hopes to end his celibacy, in vain albeit, as she turns out to be child-like and naive. Frustrated, unable to get intimate he befriends a Caucasian female, Sharon, and decides to marry her. Watch what response he gets, and the impact this has on everyone. Romantic comedy about the love confusion of four girlfriends, whose lives are properly turned upside down by their four-legged friends. After being abandoned by her boyfriend, Ella adopts a half-breed called Bozer, who jumbled up her everyday life, but also makes her happy again. Cecile, on the other hand, is about to divorce, but the meek four-legged Simpson averts the worst and is also there for the children. Silke works as a dog trainer and knows very well about the animals, but she has her problems with her fellow human beings. She meets former footballer Olli. And also Lulu has met someone, but her acquaintance is a dog lover, while she has a preference for cats. Three former classmates reunite for their 30-year high school reunion. A story of friendship between women who have a background and also the differences in age and their own personal twists. When Kartika Rahayu (Agni Pratistha) who was wounded and sad because after being left by the fiancee who canceled their marriage. Kartika who was called Tika before thought that she was a strong woman but could not face the problem of his life at this time.  So her aunt (Ira Maya Sopha) can finally force Tika to get out of her wounds and sadness and advise Tika to move to her house in order to move on from her past. Tika and Anind finally meet new people in their lives. They meet and know Ken (Dhea Seto) a dancer as well as a college blogger and Baby (Alexandra Gottardo) a model for adult men's magazines that are the savages of a thick-kneed masher. A romantic comedy about Amira, an English tutor, and Juki, a hot-tempered Betawi guy. It begins when Suchin, a Thailand girl who is also Juki girlfriend, asks Amira, her English tutor, to tell Juki that they brakes up because she gets a job in America. During this time she and Juki communicate through gestures.  When Amira tells Suchin message, Juki does not accept it and forces Amira to teach him English, to follow Suchin. For fear of Juki, Amira tutors him privately. At the same time, another guy, Taufan, is approaching Amira. An NRI enlists the help of his cop-friend to sell off his ancestral home, but later hears rumours of it being haunted. Unwilling to let go of the property at a throwaway price, he asks a team of four quirky guys to spend a night in the house and prove that it isn't a ghost den. Live in Salt Lake City: The Essential Collection by Peter Cetera was released Dec 14, 2004 on the Brilliant label. On paper, the meeting between Chicago frontman Peter Cetera and a symphony orchestra would raise eyebrows. Live in Salt Lake City: The Essential Collection In reality, it scored big time. Live in Salt Lake City: The Essential Collection On this 2004 live set, Cetera nails some of his and Chicago's greatest hits, including "If You Leave Me Now," "You're The Inspiration," "Hard To Say I'm Sorry," "25 Or 6 To 4," and 17 more. To say this is "The Essential Collection" -- the definitive and most thorough overview of Cetera's brilliant career as a soft rock craftsman of the highest order -- is a highly misleading suggestion, especially as this disc was recorded live in Salt Lake City. Live in Salt Lake City: The Essential Collection contains a single disc with 21 songs.  While making breakfast, a struggling couple faces the absurdity of obsession. Helene Moskiewicz, a young Jewish woman living in pre-World War II Belgium, is forced to suffer through German occupation by watching her parents arrested and her life destroyed. To fight back, Regine joins the underground resistance movement and strikes the Nazis from within...by joining the infamous Gestapo. At Disperata, a small town in Southern Italy, the melancholy mayor Filippo Pisanelli feels terribly unfit for his role. Only a love of poetry and his passion for the literature lessons he gives to prison inmates admit a chink of light into his general state of depression. In jail he meets Pati, a small-time criminal from his own town. Pati and his brother Angiolino were dreaming of becoming the mafia bosses of Capo di Leuca, but the encounter with art changes everything and an unusual friendship between the three men will lead them to make courageous choices. Regina (Erica Ash) and Franklin (Redaric Williams) are seemingly the perfect couple, the toast of all their friends and married on Christmas Day six years ago at the famed Chesterton Hotel. At Thanksgiving, they have a huge fight and trusts are broken -- they decide to divorce. Their divorce will be final on Christmas Day. Regina decides to move in to her best friend Trish's (Eva Marcille) suite at The Chesterton Hotel. Christmas designer Leslie Major (Brely Evans) is the biggest fan of Christmas ever. She is like a tidal wave of Yuletide cheer. Her biggest job every year is decorating the lobby of the famed Chesterton Hotel. As she is on a ladder decorating the tree, she falls into the arms of Edmund James (Andra Fuller) - the grandson of the owner JJ James. Edmund is all business and thinks Christmas is superficial and frivolous. Mahipat Babruvahan becomes the first from his caste and village to complete his M.A. degree. Being fired from his current job after expecting a raise, he takes up a new job as a professor where his patience is put to the test by his students and his love interest. Deli Dumrul is an epic character in Turkish literature. Dumrul fell in love with "Guncicek", one day Dumrul heard the Reaper took her soul. Dumrul wondered, who is the Reaper, then he challenged The Reaper. A group of young friends on a camping trip, deep in the South African countryside wake up to discover they have all swapped bodies. A 16-year-old girl and her extended family are left reeling after her calculating grandmother unveils an array of secrets on her deathbed. Short film focused on the dangers of hitchhiking in the seventies. A story about Fadil who fall into mafia world led by Taji Samprit and his son Wak Doyok. An incident causes Inspector Wahab and Inspector Shuib to suspect Fadil as Tiger, a professional assassin. In the meantime Yana who is a reporter that has done coverage on Tiger's assassination was stuck in the crisis that Fadil are facing. Though he is not a murderer, to solve the crisis Fadil lead the life as professional assassin and attack King Kong which is Taji Samprit's partner in crime who turns to become his enemy. Actions and comedies happen in Fadil's life as professional assassin in his way to clean his name and in finding Tiger's true identity. Can Fadil face all the challenges in his life? Who is Tiger and what mystery lies behind all this while? Dominik Graf relocates the story of the same name by Henry James from the 19th century to the year 2001.  An eight-year-old Sunny Gill has always had a blocked nose, and therefore, no sense of smell. A freak accident gives Sunny the most refined sense of smell ever. The entire dog squad of the country's police force cannot sniff what he can. But is that enough for Sunny and his young pals Google and Twitter to combat a menacing & ruthless gang of car thieves? What starts out with tracing a single missing car in the housing society, ends up busting the heftiest car racket in the country. No villain could ever be as unlikely. But then, neither could the gang of detectives! His advanced studies in philosophy have caused Stephanos to view all people as his inferiors. When he is discharged from the -obligatory in Greece- army service, he thinks the world belongs to him. In reality all that does belong to him are debts left by his mother who has just died and rejection by his formerly devoted girlfriend. Nikos, an old high school classmate, reappears in his life.   The generation gap between a 56-year-old father and an 18-year-old son results in misunderstanding, distance, and tension between them. A family entertainer, Pappa Tamne Nahi Samjaay has the right balance of comedy and drama, featuring the emotional bond the two protagonists share. When on the mountains, so to Spindl. In the snowy Spindleruv Mlyn the sisters Eliska, Katka and Magda go to the women's ride in the full-length winter comedy Spindl. They plan to enjoy relaxation, fun and perhaps a bit of love adventure. Eliska is fine, but Katka and Magda were already thirty and are still single. Does the right one appear in winter snow? It is certain that they will meet other participants and entertaining figures, and during the weekly stay, all of them will get an avalanche of love and livelihoods. The life of an overanxious young director searching for success is further complicated when he is forced to raise money for a movie screenplay he detests, in this laid-back comedy. A simple man, Dr. Walter Newman has high aspirations to cure all disease through genetic manipulation. His obsession with his mission draws him deeper into his own dark world, distracting him from his wife Olivia and from his responsibilities to his patients at the Edgewood Asylum. The doctor's loyal but diabolical nurse, Ms. Tinsley, decides to take matters into her own hands and in secret she conducts her own experiment. When Dr. Newman realizes what has been done, a deformed creature that defies nature is created. Part human, part nightmare. Dr. Newman knows what he must do, but is it already too late? In the conditioning unit of a small chestnut can factory in a quiet little country village as winter slowly settles, a young ladybug gets trapped by accident in a cardboard box shipped to the Caribbean. His parent sets off for the paradise archipelago  to find his little kid and free him.  Once he finally makes it there, our hero finds himself entrusted with a double mission: find his offspring and save his new Caribbean ladybug friends' home threatened by a human construction site. Thankfully our hero will be able to count on his friend the black ant that flies to the rescue from the other side of the world. Surreal events force a depressed suburbanite to confront his failures of communication. Mani (Pandiarajan) and Ramani ( S Ve Sekhar) are searching for a better job, lands in a mafia gang as detectives and finally become police officers.  Montreal, June 1995. Miron is a young delinquent who parties instead of going to school. His parents, both university professors, force him to move to the countryside in the hope that the remoteness of the city's distractions would allow him to concentrate and eventually succeed in high school. After a week at the cottage, Miron meets Florence, a 73-year-old neighbor. It's love at first sight between the two. Strongly in disagreement with this romance, Miron's parents forbid her to see her beloved 56 years older. But Miron, determined to live this love story to the end, will make every effort to see Florence again. After three hapless souls plan a big heist, things go hysterically wrong along the way.  Tired of the routine, the President decides to go on vacation in splendid isolation to rest in the Crimea, and at the same time freely communicate with the people. Realizing that it would be difficult to remain incognito and escape from caring colleagues, he resorted to make-up services. But his new appearance exactly coincides with the appearance of Valery from N-sk, who is hiding from the collectors on a voucher for his mother in the Crimean sanatorium ... A look at how a painter and a successful actor spend their last day together before the world comes to an end. The parents of a girl who was killed by a savage dog are granted the opportunity to spend three days with their deceased daughter. The seemingly endless possibilities of dating apps send a group of friends into a whirlwind of sex, jealousy, and self-doubt in this ensemble comedy that examines dating culture in the age of swiping. After Nick is accidentally sent a sexy video from his dream girl and her friends, he drags his best friend Brian on a mission to figure out where the girls are and how to get there. Along the way, Brian figures out that you can't always follow the crowd and that you should stay true to yourself. An anonymous advice columnist finds herself caught in an unlikely romance with the man who has been hired to kill her alter ego. After their airplane crashes behind enemy lines, four soldiers must survive and try to find a way back to their battalion. However, when they come across a local peasant girl the horrors of war quickly become apparent. A starry-eyed employee of a hot cosmetics company hires a dreamy photographer who is secretly indebted to a major rival -- her sketchy aunt. In this one-man Broadway show, John Leguizamo finds humor and heartbreak as he traces 3,000 years of Latin history in an effort to help his bullied son. In a single, fully-stocked hotel room on the night of the 2016 general election, two Trump supporters celebrate the unexpected results. As the night rages on, an ensemble of characters venture in and out of the room. Some match the two's enthusiasm while others voice their terror at the prospect of the incoming president, but most struggle to find reasons to care less about the results that caused the debauched celebration occurring around them. "Trigger Happy" was made with hundreds of objects found on the streets and sidewalks of New York. It began as an attempt to make an animated ballet, but as I was shooting the dance turned rowdy, into more of a nocturnal revel. It was shot on a lightbox with high-contrast film. The backlight silhouetted the objects, making them into graphic icons of themselves. The resulting film is a negative, which turned the objects white and the background black as asphalt. It makes the dance almost phantasmagoric. The trigger I was happy about was on the camera, but the title also fits the velocity of the imagery. Much of the animation happens by the rapid replacement of one object with another. It's the afterimage in your eyes that animates the difference between the shapes, as one is replaced by another, and another... The music by Shay Lynch perfectly captures the idea of dancing in the streets." --Jeffrey Noyes Scher Freedom of expression and sexual liberation might have defined the 1960s but by 1971 the British education system was far from ready for Dr Cole's explicit series A New Approach to Sex Education. Made as a teaching aid for use in schools an universities, the Growing Up was unprecedented in its depictions of erect penises, un-simulated masturbation and intercourse to describe the development of the human body and sexuality to students.  A petty thief posing as an actor is brought to Los Angeles for an unlikely audition and finds himself in the middle of a murder investigation along with his high school dream girl and a detective who's been training him for his upcoming role...  When five college pals return to rural Wisconsin for their estranged friend's funeral, what begins as an uneasy reunion becomes a terrifying fight for survival. An omnibus film comprised of four short films with interconnected themes and overlapping characters. Diablo in Madrid is inspired by the Pasolini short film La Terra vista dalla Luna. Uber Menschen finds a professor visiting Madrid and contemplating killing himself when an Uber driver talks him out of it. Purple Army Fiction is a reworking of certain ideas developed in LaBruce's feature film The Raspberry Reich. Fleapit is an homage to films that depict people having sex in movie theatres, from Lamberto Bava's Demons to Frank Perry's Last Summer and beyond. Two couples and a surrogate lay bare the complications, contradictions, heartbreak, and absurdities implicit in how we think about motherhood. Yash incurs heavy losses in the business that his father left him to oversee. Now, with the help of his friends, the young entrepreneur uses unorthodox means to make all that lost money back. Striving to be independent, the blind but determined Don Baker (Edward Albert) moves away from his overprotective mother (Eileen Heckart, who won an Oscar). After settling into his new San Francisco digs, Don meets kooky neighbor Jill Tanner (Goldie Hawn). Don's quick wit and good looks disarm the free-spirited Jill, and before long they're more than just friends. Will Mrs. Baker's incessant meddling destroy Don and Jill's budding relationship? Kate attends her estranged sister's bachelorette party at the request of their dying father. The weekend, held at a remote cabin booked on a home sharing app, turns into a savage life-or-death struggle that pits family against family, and past against present.  Bhupati, the King of a sleepy town called Ballavpur, owns a huge but dilapidated royal palace and 7 acres of land. But Bhupathi, crippled by a huge debt, dreams of moving to Calcutta after selling his palace- once he gets rid of the ghost that haunts it. When Lambodar Bhatt is given the opportunity to have his soul transported into King Nand's body, he thinks of it as a way to make things right and become rich. However, once Lambodar becomes the King, he finds himself turning into the same exploitative and frivolous king that Nand was. In a country in deep crisis, two worlds collide: the bourgeois milieu of an intellectual psychiatrist, and the humbler, but no less ambitious world of a beautiful working class actress. They fall in love, but they will soon have to face reality.  Planet Earth, 9177. The remains of humankind live in a post-apocalyptic environment divided into only two social classes: the ruling king and the oligarchs who inhabit the Representative Building and the poor of the world who hardly survive in the slums built around it. (Sequel to "Dawn Breaks, Which Is No Small Thing," 1989.) Raja is a blind man who's trained by his head constable mother to use his disability to his advantage. Lucky is the pampered daughter of a police officer and they're each other's whole world. What happens when Lucky's world is shaken by a goon Deva? How does Raja fit into this picture? PUP STAR is back, with an all-new movie that takes the popular singing dogs on trip around the world, where Tiny and friends find fantastic new songs and meet exciting new canine singers that prove music really is the universal language. The seemingly normal life of orphan Shinta Mizumura changes abruptly when a beautiful half-human Romanian girl named Lilith suddenly transfers into his school. Shinta discovers that Lilith is actually a vampire -- and he is the last living vampire hunter. No Chocolate, No Rice is a comedy/drama that follows best friends, Dre & Phil, and their lives dating while Black and Asian in an app filled world where racism is just another preference.  A compilation of extracts from Children's Film Foundation productions: "The Rescue Squad", "Ali and the Camel", "The Salvage Gang", "Go Kart Go", "Danny the dragon", "A ghost of a chance" and "Peewee's pianola" (ep. from "The magnificent 6 1/2". Two disconnected sisters are summoned to clean out their childhood bedrooms before their parents sell their family home. Edhay travels as a translator to Thailand with his family and his close friend Hosni, for a relaxing vacation and medical check-up. A stringent cop tries all the possible ways to nab a dreaded don who poses a big threat to the society. The story is about a journey to find a true love by four guys, Agus, Doni, Olip and Bimo, who lived and study in Bandung. It's about love, commitment of love and asking what the responsibility of love is. All wrap in drama comedy genre, but not like slapstick comedy. Munich, the city of singles and unfulfilled desire. Whoever feels like having a one-night stand can just use Safari, a new dating app. But is it also possible to find love via the app? Harry at least meets Lara through Safari, even though he's married to Aurelie. Josef and Miluska are married forever and ever. Miluska teaches aerobics and provides tirelessly care for her husband and teenage daughter. Joseph loves his wife, but also has a weakness for younger and more beautiful women. Their marriage, along with Joseph's bankrupt publishing house, is slowly crumbling. Aunt Marta, who has a mad plan to save both the collapsing marriage and the Joseph publishing house, comes to rescue. As an experienced psychologist working in a marital counselling, she directs her husbands to infidelity - they must be caught in flagranti. The crazy game can start. A woman comes to New York City from Ohio to escape an abusive husband and gets entangled with murderous female vigilantes who prey on abusive men. In this animated retelling of the story from the Bible's Book of Genesis, Joseph's gift of dream interpretation and his brilliantly colored coat inspires jealousy in his brothers. Uncle Drew recruits a squad of older basketball players to return to the court to compete in a tournament. Wealthy Seth Amirchand (Kader Khan) has two good-for-nothing sons, Sonu (Sanjay Dutt), and Monu (Govinda). They spend their time comically attempting to extort money from their hapless dad. Amirchand decides that the best way to deal with them is to separate them; he sends Sonu to Goa, and Monu to Bombay. Sonu ends up with the Verma family in Goa, consisting of Gulzarilal (Anupam Kher), his unmarried sister, Santho (Aruna Irani), and daughters, Pooja (Pooja Batra) and Ritu (Karisma Kapoor). Sonu falls in love with Pooja, and calls upon Monu to act as his paternal uncle for match-making. Monu ends up falling for Ritu. Unknown to him, Santho has also developed a crush on him. To complicate matters even more, underworld don, Bhai (Ashish Vidyarthi) demands money from Amirchand, only to have Amirchand mock and ridicule him, thinking it is another prank by his sons, this is when the family realize that pranks can indeed turn deadly, with Bhai who has sworn to avenge this humiliation.  Big Brother is a story set in modern India which revolves around a small middle-class family composed of Dev Sharma Sunny Deol, his wife Aarti Priyanka Chopra, his mother Farida Jalal, brother Imran Khan and sister Prachi. Although they lead a simple and peaceful lifestyle, an incident occurs that changes their lives forever. The family is left with no choice but to leave Delhi and move to Mumbai in disguise. They start life afresh and all seems well until the ghosts of the past surface again.  Things reach a point when Dev Sharma is prodded by his mother to take a course of action which not only avenges their plight but also take on the cause of the aggrieved in the country as a whole. The movement so created gets the support of the woman at large and the infirm who proudly proclaim him to be their Big Brother. A young musician from a small town in China tries to save his town's treasured Rock Park by organizing a charity rock concert. Atsushi is a journalist specializing in writing about adult film actresses. He meets Hanako, who seems different to other adult film stars and soon a relationship develops. Meanwhile, Hanako's younger sister, Asuka, arrives to stay and falls in love after a chance meeting at a club. A collection of three short films directed by Moon So-ri. During recent years, Moon tried writing and directing. She previously wrote and directed three short films "The Actress" (2014), "The Running Actress" (2015), and "The Best Director" (2015), and these three short films are assembled here together in her first feature film "The Running Actress".  An elderly woman who files endless complaints with the local office to right the wrongs around her forms an unlikely friendship with a junior civil servant when she begins learning English from him. In Los Angeles, a gang of bank robbers call themselves The Ex-Presidents commit their crimes while wearing masks of Reagan, Carter, Nixon and Johnson. The F.B.I. believes that the members of the gang could be surfers and send young agent Johnny Utah undercover at the beach to mix with the surfers and gather information. Fear, anger, sadness, joy, disgust, envy, shame. Adas Miauczynski goes back to his childhood days when, like most of us, he used to find it problematic to name the emotions that accompanied him. To improve the quality of his adult life, he decides to return to that time - which proves not so carefree after all - to learn how to experience the seven basic emotions. This extremely unpredictable journey into the past features an abundance of hilarious, even comical, situations but is also filled with lots of touching moments and food for thought. A spoiled girl is sent to her family's ranch to work during summer vacations. Ivan is a US painter residing in Colombia. His best friend, Christian, and younger brother, Cole, come to visit. Somewhere along the way, Ivan and Cole hit it off although Cole is not gay. Will older brother Christian be okay with that? The story of a wannabe actor and a talented teleserye dubber who agrees to help him improve his acting. Her coaching helps him achieve his dream of becoming a star only to find herself heartbroken when he becomes successful. Set during the India-Pakistan partition, the story of Sardar Mohammad revolves around an infant who is saved by an Indian Sikh police officer. So Long Suburbia is a campy queer coming of age teen film.  Can be watched here: https://vimeo.com/195164161 (Offical) In life of a talented copywriter Alex there comes a black strip. Everything he undertakes, comes to an end with a total failure, even the most good intentions turn into an accident. Only his best friend Dima and a dog Snoopy are nearby. Rescue comes unexpectedly: the real miracle laptop, by means of which even the most cherished dreams can become reality falls into Alex's hands: expensive cars, magnificent house, money... But his main goal is - to get a job in the prestigious advertising agency and to deserve love of a cover-girl Mary who is going about with Fyodor, the deputy head of advertising agency. The power and money spoil Alex, but passing through many adventures he understands that even the finest and magic device won't be able to supply love, friendship and real life. Revolves around Krisya, a beautiful and stylish young woman who cares about nothing but her appearance. She then falls in love with Irfan, but there is one problem - Irfan is into women who are little more on the heavier side. A poor artist accidentally discovers the use of blood to paint his works and now he's on the search for the perfect color. A couple on the verge of a nervous break-up decide to split their home over the weekend and test the waters of independence. Aadu 2 revolves around Shaji Pappan and his group of misfits, who take part in another tug-of-war contest to win the golden cup. But along the way they unwittingly get drawn into a deal gone wrong, which involves dangerous smugglers. A former pageant queen embarks on an all-night adventure with four unlikely friends she meets at a women's shelter.  Twin sisters Emma and Chantal couldn't be more unalike. When their parents leave them alone for the summer, their simmering sibling rivalry threatens to boil over and change their relationship and lives forever. An east coast efficiency expert who stakes his reputation on his ability to turn around a financially troubled Hollywood studio receives some help from a former child star who now works as a stand-in for the studio.  When a mysterious visitor appears, the life of Yong Cheng, owner of a store that stocks aphrodisiac products, changes dramatically. He becomes the exclusive selling agent of a cheap Indian generic drug against Chronic Granulocytic Leukemia in China. Not only does Yong Cheng see his profits skyrocket, but he is dubbed the god of medicine" by his customers A day in the life of Sydney's burgeoning drug culture. A tour of a bohemian drug den in which visitors simply come and go, stopping by each interaction to get a brief glimpse into the mindsets of the young people that occupy this space. Elizabeth is a charming anchorwoman who seeks advice from her dog's therapist. Tara is a spunky barista who dreams of a life beyond the coffee shop. Daisy is a dog walker who's enamored with a client. Garrett pines for a woman while trying to keep his adopt-a-dog business afloat. The beloved canines in their lives soon start to influence their careers, friendships and romantic relationships in funny and unexpected ways. An anthology featuring four tales inspired by the Frankenstein legend A darkly comic Christmas thriller with romance, kidnapping - and limited toilet facilities! Christmas Eve - a blizzard's on the way and Marcus Littleton is having a very bad night! His call centre is facing closure because he can't hit his sales target. To Marcus, the products they sell are frankly...scary. He now has to tell the nightshift (a bunch feisty, hormonal and downright odd women) that they no longer have a job! Disillusioned and suffering with chronic IBS, he can't wait for the night to be over. However, Fate, in the form of dead cats, stalkers, power-cuts, snowdrifts and hostages - has other ideas! wo young wild girls decide to throw on a party and invite all their male friends over. After partying and having a good time the two girls and all their friends decide to tell five crazy slasher stories that is just too crazy to be true. After they're done telling there story this party ends up turning into a party day massacre. A sincere country boy named "Sian" was waiting for years to marry his girlfriend when she returned from working in Bangkok. Finally, his girlfriend came back home with her new boyfriend and told Sian that she is going to marry this new guy. Sian's heart is broken. Sian's drunken friend has come to help and comfort him, but instead he makes more troubles that is brought Venerable Mahachai to solve the problem. On the other hand, "Pak" a junior from Sian's collage foresees this is a chance to win Sian's heart. Plot unknown. Four friends come upon the secret knowledge that the world is going to end in seven days and set off on a road trip to enjoy the few days they have left to live. After Silvia Broome, an interpreter at United Nations headquarters, overhears plans of an assassination, an American Secret Service agent is sent to investigate. Would you fall in love with a homeless person? Six years after Occupy Wall Street, Jehan is 42 years old and homeless on the streets of New York City. As she works to save money, get an apartment and return to a "normal" life, she decides that she would also like to get married. Would someone willing to put a dollar in her begging bag also be willing to fall in love with her? Can she find true love with a "normal" person? The Parkers, reclusive people who cling to ancient customs, find their secret lives threatened when a torrential downpour and the death of the family matriarch forces daughters Iris and Rose to assume special responsibilities. It is a sequel to the 2016 film Nikka Zaildar. Set in the 80s, A man has an affair with his nephews teacher, but just before the wedding he gets married to another girl An evil scarecrow slumbers until its evil cannot be retained. Shine is a jolly and happy-go-lucky girl who will do anything for her family. But when it comes to love. she hopelessly finds one, and wishes to meet her one true love. Until one day when she was praying to meet the love of her life, she unexpectedly meets Luke, a rebellious and grumpy Filipino-American boy who was sent to the Philippines by his parents from the United States. When an entire village is terrorised by the news of a tiger on the loose, they turn to Peeli and his jolly gang of friends for help. but has he got it in him to stop the dreaded predator from wreaking more havoc? For 14 years Johanna and Boris live as a couple. Looking for her purpose in life, Johanna visits a seminar of the alternative community "Center for Inner and Outer Peace". Although she's still in love with her boyfriend, Johanna decides to change her life completely, moving to Switzerland to live in this community. Boris however is not amused. During the world-cup soccer finale, the couple experience its own crucial struggle. It's the year 3000 and a nuclear war has turned the earth into a desert wasteland. A group of survivors living in a cave run out of water and desperately need to locate a new supply. The last guy they sent out to find water never returned, and now his 10 year old son Timmy wants to join the next search team. They think they know where there's an untapped well of water, but to get there they have to travel through dangerous terrain controlled by a savage gang of motorcyclists under the bloodthirsty reign of 'Crazy Bull'. On their mission, Timmy and his team run into a lonesome stranger named Alien (Robert Iannucci) who may be able to help them against the marauding motorcyclists. Can the struggling survivors looking for water in this barren world defeat Crazy Bull and his exterminating minions? Hang on tight - the battle has just begun! The Perfect Cappuccino is a documentary about of one woman's obsession with finding that perfect blend of espresso and milk. Hong Kong is just a ridiculous place full of lies. In this prosperous city, there are a group of people that have to live in the 'space capsule', which is a large seminar room subdivided into small living rooms. In such a small living space, this group of people all struggle to fight for their ideal lifestyle which reflects the spirit of Hong Kong. Two inept, small-town Sheriff's Deputies catch an escaped prisoner that they believe was wrongly convicted. Through the interactions between two film directors and a longtime film extra, this documentary questions the distinction between real and fake. A game of power between assistant director and director leads to the realisation that we all live our lives as extras, 'accessories' in the background who wait for the chance to become a star. Filmed at the Celebrity Theatre in Phoenix, AZ on February 15th and 16th, 2013, Oh My God is Louis C.K.'s fifth stand-up special, his first for HBO since 2007's Shameless, and his first since winning a Emmy Award for writing on his acclaimed show on FX, Louie.  Performed in the round in front of a live audience, he discusses such topics as the food chain, animals, divorce, strange anecdotes, broken morality, murder and mortality. Successful Atlanta rap artist Cory Masters is late for his own surprise birthday party. While his friends anxiously await his arrival, each one individually addresses their own existential crisis. As the night drags on, hilarity ensues amongst the party-goers as they ponder life, careers, and relationships with Cory. A man has to prove his worth to the father of the woman he loves. What happens when capitalist and communist ideologies collide, will Rambabu be able to achieve what he set out for? Washed-up pitcher, Jeff "The Heater" Sanderson, returns to his home town when he is released from the big leagues. After a failed attempt to reconnect with the family he once left behind, Jeff joins forces with an old friend to rebuild his childhood hardball team to relive the glory days. When the opportunity arises to gain custody of his son by challenging a local baseball team, Jeff eagerly wrangles his old acquaintances to whip them into shape and compete in one final game. Set in the small town of Kerala, Irinjalakuda, Suvarnapurushan is about the ardent fans and loyal followers of the Malayalam superstar, Mohanlal. It revolves around a lady, the owner of the Mary Martha theatre and her struggles and fights with other theatre owners in the town to release Mohanlal's movie Pulimurugan in her theatre. Two brothers who continually fight with each other are sent to Stranger City by their mother to work for their brother who owns a saloon where both fall in love with saloon girls. A guitarist who played for the greatest italian artists but without fame, decides to disappear to become famous. This allegorical comedy of errors, featuring some of Nigeria's biggest names, chronicles the travails of a bus driver who suffers a road mishap, losing a group of psychiatric patients en route to a federal hospital. To cover up the mistake, he and a nurse pick up some unsuspecting commuters--who must try to prove their sanity in a psychiatric institution, while the escapees try to adjust to a new environment. A wedding goes awry and the morning after, friends and foes need to piece together the puzzle of the night before Housewife Megan's idyllic life is thrown into turmoil, when it emerges that her husband, Lloyd, faces a heavy prison sentence for tax evasion. Megan, caught completely unawares is sent into a tailspin as she, not only loses her husband, her home and her comfortable suburban life, but also finds herself implicated in the tax fraud and facing jail time. Down on her luck and with nothing to her name Megan has to rediscover who she really is. With the help of her son and her best friend, Lindiwe, she finds solace and hope in her life-long love and affinity for cooking. She learns that the path back home begins with realizing that she is enough and all she needs is her family, food and love. Life's 3 courses made easy.   All paths inevitably end, whether we want them to or not. This is a tale about one particular path, followed by two particular people, but this is not a tale about romance, this is simply a film about beginnings and endings. Daniel and Eve are a young couple in crisis. The film follows their relationship in reverse from the end to the beginning, starting with a break up. Daniel - a level-headed, well-meaning slacker caught between his desire to make something of himself,and his student inclinations to have fun. Upon meeting Eve at a party, Daniel finds her attractive precisely because she possesses the traits he does not. As their various differences bring them together, they are forced to acknowledge their faults, many of which are reflected in the other. "The Sum of Us" is an Aussie story about a father and a son both searching for love and sharing an unconventional bond. Harry, the father, is the caring and open-minded "mate" that borders on annoyance. His son Jeff unsuccessfully searches for love, with the unwanted guidance of his father. Directed by Marc Ferrer  Under the pretense of research for her scenario, Ga-yeong interviews a man she's been wanting to get to know. She probes him for intimate details including his sexual fantasies. He answers in all sincerity and she slowly reveals her desire for him. In this homage to the early days of mumblecore, an innocent game of spin the bottle sets off a chain reaction within a group of couples that leads to break ups, infidelity, and betrayal that will change their lives forever. Think 'Husbands and Wives' meets 'The Puffy Chair.' A cub reporter goes after his story in a big way when he single-handedly exposes a crime ring. Fellini exposes his great attraction for the clowns and the world of the circus first recalling a childhood experience when the circus arrives nearby his home. Then he joins his crew and travel from Italy to Paris chasing the last greatest European clowns still live in these countries. He also meets Anita Ekberg trying to buy a panther in a circus. The "Swingers" is a shameless (and sometimes shy) relationship comedy with the main focus on SEX. Hironoshin is a samurai of the Echigo-Nagaoka clan. One day, Hironoshin attends a party at a mansion in Edo where his lord, Tadakiyo is invited to recite poems. Hironoshin is asked to give his opinion and foolishly comments that the piece was plagiarized. Infuriated, Tadakiyo orders Hironoshin to live his life without honor as a 'cat flea picker', which is in fact a pseudonym for a male prostitute. The honest and straight-shooting Hironoshin convinces himself that he has no other options, and resigns himself to live as a sex worker. Hironoshin becomes an apprentice to a flea-picker boss who encourages him, convinced that Hironoshin is exacting revenge in the guise of a prostitute. A young woman commits a hit-and-run, then finds her fate tied to her victim. Forbach, East of France, today. Mario, a man without much ambition, except where love is concerned, is back to square one after his wife left home. He now must raise his two adolescent daughters by himself, while going through some sort of a teenage crisis of his own. 14-year-old Frida blames her father for their mother's leaving and she develops ambivalent feelings towards her new girlfriend. 17-year-old Niki will soon leave home. Until then, she lives the good life. Mario can't help but lose the women he loves. Yet they must all agree to let one another go. This raunchy, girl-powered comedy follows the journey of Christine and her best friends, three ladies on a quest to defeat their biological clocks and have a baby. Trying everything from anonymous donation, ex-boyfriends, adoption to audacious seduction... No stone is left unturned as these women will do absolutely anything to get pregnant and show Mother Nature who is boss! Yogi and Jaya, who have polar opposite personalities and sensibilities, meet via an online dating app. This encounter turns into so much more when the two travel to Rishikesh. When Marek Niewiadomski gets a proposal, which is the job of another deputy minister in one of the state departments, his current life is changing. All decisions he must make with his wife to be an honest citizen bring him many challenges. There is no cure for deals. In the early 1960s, a family man-turned-vampire struggles with his beastly nature while his devoted wife tries to keep anyone from finding out, including their teenage daughter. Endette jusqu'au cou dans une affaire de water bed, Didier Travolta, 40 ans, vit au Havre dans le quartier populaire du Grand Large chez sa maman : Madame Graindorge. Il recoit une lettre de la mere de son fils Brian, 8 ans, qui vit en Angleterre, lui signifiant qu'il ne pourra pas recevoir le petit cette annee s'il n'est pas capable de lui payer des vacances, des vraies vacances. When Pete and Ellie decide to start a family, they stumble into the world of foster care adoption. They hope to take in one small child but when they meet three siblings, including a rebellious 15 year old girl, they find themselves speeding from zero to three kids overnight. The adventures of two completely different in nature beasts - a serious and economic Beaver and restless Cat. They meet when the cat is looking for shelter from the rain in the forest. The beaver rescues the Cat, and they become bosom friends. The cat really wants to become famous and believes that everyone wants to become famous, but not everyone can admit it. One day the life of this couple changes abruptly when aliens from a distant galaxy land in the forest. A runaway bride, Kate, making herself scarce for the holidays, meets a ski patrol rescuer, Jason, at a resort. Her December days begin to brighten, until her parents and jilted fiance, Alex, show up at the mountain to reset the wedding for Christmas. Jimmie Adams and Sid Smith comedy produced by Jack White and distributed by Educational. Scott Pilgrim is a 23 year old radical Canadian gamer and wannabe rockstar who falls in love with an American delivery girl, Ramona Flowers, and must defeat her seven evil exes to be able to date her. Damo and Ivor embark on the mother of all adventures to find the last piece of their family puzzle and track down their long lost brother John Joe. Four couples spend the weekend at a Bed and Breakfast in the Hamptons run by an eccentric German sea captain and his strange family. A visit to a natural history museum proves catastrophic for two high school rivals, an overachiever and a jock, when an ancient Aztec statue casts a spell that causes them to switch bodies and see exactly what it's like to walk in the other's shoes. Nanu (Abhay Deol) is a land mafia who illegally grabs people's property with the help of his friends. But his life witnesses a 360-degree change after he takes an injured girl (Patralekha) to hospital. Some unusually inexplicable things start happening with him and soon he realizes that he is not the only one living in his flat. There is an uninvited guest also.  Yudi's happy life is about to encounter a speed breaker-his BMW gets towed away and his dues have started piling up. He's run out of money and luck! To make matters worse-his supposed ex-girlfriend isn't really his ex.  Stephane defers his frustration at not having had a son on his sons-in-law. So when her younger daughter decides to leave a rugby player than the idolatrous father for a doctor he can not stand, he will do everything to get his son-in-law back. His daughter will not let it go. Working in Dr. Cranley's laboratory, scientist Jack Griffin was always given the latitude to conduct some of his own experiments. His sudden departure, however, has Cranley's daughter Flora worried about him. Griffin has taken a room at the nearby Lion's Head Inn, hoping to reverse an experiment he conducted on himself that made him invisible. But the experimental drug has also warped his mind, making him aggressive and dangerous. He's prepared to do whatever it takes to restore his appearance. Plant pot dropped from the sky.  What is Detroit and what is Ukulele?  In Justine's family everyone is a vet and a vegetarian. At 16, she's a gifted teen ready to take on her first year in vet school, where her older sister also studies. There, she gets no time to settle: hazing starts right away. Justine is forced to eat raw meat for the first time in her life. Unexpected consequences emerge as her true self begins to form. A tragic comedy about a well-intentioned father who inadvertently wreaks havoc on the life of his estranged daughter.  All the major DC superheroes are starring in their own films, all but the Teen Titans, so Robin is determined to remedy this situation by getting over his role as a sidekick and becoming a movie star. Thus, with a few madcap ideas and an inspirational song in their hearts, the Teen Titans head to Hollywood to fulfill their dreams. Sex, crime, and sex - "Crooks" is a wacky comedy movie from the creators of the highest-grossing movie of all time - "Swingers". Before being confirmed in the priesthood, a seminary student is ordered to go back out into the world for a year to confirm his vocation. It turns out that mundane activities hold a certain appeal for him. It has been five years since Laura and Carmilla vanquished the apocalypse and Carmilla became a bonafide mortal human. They have settled in to a cozy apartment in downtown Toronto, Laura continues to hone her journalism skills while Carmilla adjusts to a non-vampire lifestyle. Their domestic bliss is suddenly ruptured when Carmilla begins to show signs of "re-vamping" - from a fondness for bloody treats to accidental biting - while Laura has started having bizarre, ghostly dreams. The couple must now enlist their old friends from Silas University to uncover the unknown supernatural threat and save humanity - including Carmilla's. Kelogan fights the black prince to serve justice. Let's get pitchy. A drama based on Jimi Hendrix's life as he left New York City for London, where his career took off. On a mission to sell his last remaining prize hog and reunite with old friends, an aging farmer abandons his foreclosed farm and journeys to Mexico. After smuggling in the hog, his estranged daughter shows up, forcing them to face their past and embark on an adventurous road trip together. The peaceful existence of boat repairman Blake (Frank Zagarino) is destroyed when the Reverend James (Billy Drago) shows up with his disciples. Back in the days when Blake had been a member of an elite commando force, James had been his friend. But things have changed. Worried that Reverend James has fostered a cult and is planning on a mass suicide, the government sends spies to investigate. The government is also concerned because a prominent general's daughter is among the cultists. When the spies are killed, Blake is forced to reveal his true identity and join the fray to stop James and save the general's daughter. Rusty Sabich is a deputy prosecutor engaged in an obsessive affair with a coworker who is murdered. Soon after, he's accused of the crime. And his fight to clear his name becomes a whirlpool of lies and hidden passions.  "Look closely at the mountains!": the phrase was coined by artist Manfredo de Souzanetto during Brazil's years of dictatorhsip. Mining activities were destroying the environment in the state of Minas Gerais in the south west of the country. Through editing, Ana Vaz draws parallels between this region and the very distant Nord-Pas-de-Calais in northern France, also marked by over three centuries of mining. On one side, eroded mountains plague its inhabitants with deadly landslides. Hollow and gutted, these mountains become the receptacles of a ghostly memory. On the other side, in France, mining waste stacks become mountains and reservoirs of biodiversity, where the frontier between nature and technology is now indiscernible.  The virus came so fast no one had time to prepare. Before the day was over, entire towns were decimated, and large cities became monumental tombs. Left with nothing but fading hope and the will to live, reclusive software consultant Michael (Dexter Fletcher) and temperamental mechanic Carl (Dickon Tolson) lead a small group of survivors into the country in hopes of riding out the coming winter. But now the decaying victims of the plague are reanimating, growing more smart and vicious with each passing day. Now, the only hope for the survival of the human race is Phillip (Carradine), a man who refused to leave the city, and has somehow avoided becoming food for the flesh-eating masses. When an American fitness club opens a branch in Korea under corporate pressure, a new manager comes with it. With a wonderful, distracting new figure, Manager Jenny has the attention of all of her staff. A trio of female secret agents are hired to stop an ultra sadistic villainess and her all in latex S.C.U.B.A Squad frogmen take over the world with the stolen Diablo Death Ray Gun. Welcome to the New Istanbul. A massive concrete jungle feeding on chaos and hypocrisy; it's inhabitants at the end of their tether. Tahsin is a burnt-out architect suffocated by his existence in this very city. One night, he re-encounters an old friend, Siren; a changed woman who now lives on the remote southern coast of Turkey where she works on an organic farm. Instantly enchanted, he decides to follow her down south. He packs his suitcase, bids angry farewells at work and heads for the airport. Yet, little does he know what a tragicomic odyssey awaits him. In the decadent Roaring Twenties, a beautiful woman engages in affairs with two men, playing them against each other. A classically-trained martial artist goes to work as a debt collector for the mob. The job seems easy enough, until one "client" pulls him into a situation deeper than could ever be expected. The story follows a married couple, apart for a night while the husband takes a business trip with a colleague to whom he's attracted. While he's resisting temptation, his wife encounters her past love. The story of a bird charmer as he goes on to influence the lives of people while witnessing a change in his own. A teenage summer in a small town in the desert, a dysfunctional family, a rock band, a can full of glue, two boys, one girl, loads of tongue kisses, dry heat, wind in Patagonia, existential angst... A teenage story in the middle of nowhere. A man discovers that he is part of a secret sect of magical beings who hunt down and destroy demons in the internet. Three men who have never properly been with a woman finally come face to face with their chance in the form of confident, aggressive women in their thirties. After losing her parents and being left by her boyfriend, Bubblegum Teddybear moves from Kansas to Albuquerque, New Mexico. She rejects the dating life and lives in a ghost world, where she is fully aware that her life is a movie. Bubblegum is familiar with cinematic structure and tries to make problems for herself so that her movie can have a happy ending. Despite her best efforts, love follows her and pushes her genre ever closer to tragedy. A sheltered young high society woman joins the army on a whim and finds herself in a more difficult situation than she ever expected. When Jerry's cable goes out, his provider dispatches a sexy necromancer that turns his TV into a doorway into the bizarre world of underground cinema! Blake Conway, aspiring journalist, hopeless romantic. and frustrated with the lack of chivalrous guys her own age, a college senior gives up on dating for love to date an older man in exchange for gifts instead.As she documents the adventure in the hopes of winning a journalism award with a generous cash prize to escape looming student debt, she sets out on a quest to figure out if society is right to judge these women and if her own self worth comes with a price. Exmin the Valkyrie has returned from the deep, deep cleavage of the universe with an interplanetary collection of aliens, vampires, monsters, and all manner of screaming and vibrating treasures from Gonzoriffic including "Space Boobs In Space," "Lapdance at the Gates of Hell," "Ghosted," and many more. An Argentinean anthropologist makes an amusing analysis of the Colombian society taking the spectator by graceful situations in which are seen personages of our country being very "OriYinales". Starring Julian Arango, Paola Turbay, Diego Trujillo among others, this film is a single laugh. Two bachelor friends, Razak and Azman takes on double lives to court the attention of desirable Roselina and Ratna. Commissioner Beffrois waits for retirement with mixed enthusiasm when a theft of paintings catches his attention. Leyre lives a quiet and comfortable life which ends abruptly when an act of rage of her teenage son leads her to protect him by any means necessary. After Nick's girlfriend dumps him, his best mate Shane has the perfect antidote to his break-up blues: three days at an epic music festival. In a politically divided America, a man struggles to make it through the Thanksgiving holiday without destroying his family. A haunting ghost story set against the backdrop of a busy winter sales period in a department store, following the life of a cursed dress as it passes from person to person, with devastating consequences. Tae-jung, the part-time worker of a DVD room, hides drugs in room #7 in exchange for wiping off his debt. When he goes back to the room to retrieve the drugs but realizes that the door is completely locked down by his employer, who also has secretly hidden a dead body inside. A dangerous battle of wits ensues between a man who must lock away the secret behind the door, and another, who must go inside. A love letter to film history, Sickies Making Films looks at our urge to censor movies and asks, Why? By focusing on the Maryland Board of Censors, the nation's longest lasting censor board, we discover reasons both absurd and surprisingly understandable. The turbulent relationship between Oskar and Alex ends in a big blaze, Alex has set fire in Oskar's apartment. So Oskar decides that everything shall be different with the next one and he makes a deal with fun-loving Masha: sleeping together but no making love. They both drift through Berlin and through their lives, sometimes playful, sometimes obsessively. And even Masha has her issues. While trying to build up a "normal" relationship, both Masha and Oskar reach their limits.  - Written by Claudia Romdhane Sympathetic look loosely based on the relationship between tobacco heiress, Doris Duke (1912-1993) - think Duke University - and her shy butler, Bernard Lafferty. The icy and mercurial Duke fires her butler for serving a chilled cantaloupe; the agency sends Lafferty, formerly household staff to Liz Taylor and to Peggy Lee. He's an alcoholic, fresh out of rehab. He gradually becomes Duke's gay alter ego as she romps through life sleeping with young men, making shrewd decisions quickly, managing her fortune and orchids as Lafferty manages her New Jersey estate. With a wine cellar to die for, Bernard falls off the wagon. Can he pull himself together when Doris needs him? The fourth addition to the franchise sees the return of the army boys including Sergeant Ong, Lobang, Ken Chow and Aloysius, joined by a new female officer, as they are called back for in-camp training under the Armoured Formation of the Singapore Armed Forces. Hilarious situations happen when they are back training together and their military roles reversed. Their brotherhood is also put to the test when new enemy threats arise. A Mexican-American filmmaker living in the city of Los Angeles, and in search of his identity, decides to travel to Mexico City, where he senses that he will find the muse he needs as a key to finish his movie. Morning,  Noon  &  Night  explores  a  day-in-the-life  of  six  people  battling  different  addictions.Thecharactersfeelalltoo  familiar  asthey  could  be  your  neighbor,  your  family  or  even  yourself.  Thefilmfunctionsas  a  mirror  asit  examines  some  students,a  history  teacher,  a  lawyer,  and  a  topexecutiveasthey  struggle  to  make  it  through  a  single  day. Jimmy Morris has a special surprise guest on his podcast, The Film Dick. It's Chester Holloway who reveals all the secrets behind the mysterious 1939 film, 'Sex Madness.' Tech entrepreneur Jimmy Van Horn arrives in China armed with an invention and confidence, only to learn that being American is not enough to succeed.  Another Sune start in Sune Anderssons class. The new Sune try to get Sofie "Sune Andersons' crush". Sune Andersson get jealous and start with a plan to destroy the relationship between the new Sune and Sofie. A married man's one night stand comes back to haunt him when that lover begins to stalk him and his family. Old classmates finally meet each other after 15 years since graduation from school and that's an amazing opportunity to travel back in time. Old secrets and personal vendettas, hard feelings and first loves turn to fever pitch. Through a series of twenty six short stories, a girl describes the childhood events that shaped her ideas about fatherhood, family relations, work and play. As the stories unfold, a dual portrait emerges: that of a father who cared more for his career than for his family, and of a daughter who was deeply affected by his behavior. Working in counterpoint to the forceful text are sensual black and white images that depict both the extraordinary and ordinary events of daily life. Together, they create a formally complex and emotionally intense film. A team of nice Jewish baseball players takes on the world. A pig farmer, a busboy, a salon owner, an expat architect and a jaded rich girl cross paths as thousands of dead pigs float down the Yangtze River toward Shanghai. PITY PARTY follows twenty-nine-year-old Liza, as she begins to experience an emotional breakdown. She has the perfect guy, the perfect home, the perfect body, and - friends. Liza's life is #blessed. Regan and Kennedy, Liza's childhood frenemies, annoyed by her incessant whining convince Liza that she should throw a "positivity party" for New Years. Out with the old, and in with the new. Besides, the mysterious virus breakout is only happening in China. What have they got to worry about? The family dinner at Stephan and Elisabeth could have been wonderful. But when Thomas announces that he and his pregnant girlfriend Anna are going to call their son Adolf, the hosts and the family friend Rene are stuck in the throat. Aging local standup comic Sweeney, "The Character King", gets an opportunity to do a national cable show out of Los Angeles. The only caveat is that Sweeney must drop the locally referenced material from his act, the biggest pieces being the portrayal of his colorful Boston "characters," that have become a staple of his home field success. Sweeney makes the hard decision to stop doing the characters. But, to his dismay, the characters "come-to-life" and seek their revenge; they try to kill Sweeney. B.Tech Babulu is a Telugu movie starring Ashwini and Novel KIshore in prominent roles. The movie also stars Vizag Shankar and Shakalaka Shankar. It is a romantic comedy directed by Seenu Imandi with Ajay Patnayak as musician, forming part of the crew. At a bus stop, provincial taxi driver Yura meets young beauty Svieta, and is hired to drive both her and her mother to Pryputni - a small Ukrainian village in the middle of nowhere. Seduced by a promised payment and Svieta's short skirt, Yura doesn't have a clue, that his visit to Pryputni is going to last a little longer than he expects. Stefan Gabriel is an active father always looking at life positively. While he tries to give back to society, his daughters Jessica (12) and Sabrina (15) struggle with their own problems. Jessica is often mistaken for a boy and has to deal with her many ticks. She would happily swap places with Sabrina, who, despite her illness, appears to have her life completely under control. But the more Sabrina's health worsens, the worse Jessica's ticks become. The girls need a plan and fast. They come across a special ritual in an old book, which could be their rescue. But the girls first have to find a boy to sleep with Sabrina. They don't have much time left and Jessica puts all she has got into implementing the life-saving plan, no matter how crazy it may be. A comedy about a religious mother who is determined to stop her gay son's wedding. But her plans go awry when she accidentally befriends his fiance and begins dispensing relationship advice. Stressed out screenwriter Jonah Rider wrestles with his crazy muse, his sleazy agent, and two motivated actresses about his next script "Sex and Assassins", but is having second thoughts on getting it into production. Oscar Francois de Jarjayes was born female, but her father insisted she be raised as a boy as he had no sons. She becomes the captain of the guards at Versailles under King Louis XVI and Marie Antonette. Her privileged, noble life comes under fire as she discovers the hard life of the poor people of France. She is caught up in the French Revolution, and must choose between her loyalty and love. A simpleton has to turn into a quirky, albeit miserly, don to save his legacy and his ancestral property, a movie hall. Hello Dubaikkaran is a Malayalam movie starring Adil Ibrahim, Malavika Menon and Devan in prominent roles. The cast also includes Salim Kumar, Dharmajan Bolgatty and Tini Tom. It is a drama directed by Baburaj Harisri and Harisree Yousuf with Nadirsha as the music composer, forming part of the crew. Mankind has always been on the move. Sometimes escaping from something but often also searching for something else. Raghav, a professional boxer, finds himself in a fix when an unexpected turn of events gets him tangled in a battle between his passion, family and the love of his life. When San Francisco pet shop owner Willa Davis encounters the man who stood her up in high school, she fights both her head and her heart when she starts falling for him all over again ten years later. NOTHING TO HIDE is an independent documentary dealing with surveillance and its acceptance by the general public through the "I have nothing to hide" argument. The documentary was produced and directed by a pair of Berlin-based journalists, Mihaela Gladovic and Marc Meillassoux. It was crowdfunded by over 400 backers.  NOTHING TO HIDE questions the growing, puzzling and passive public acceptance of massive corporate and governmental incursions into individual and group privacy and rights. After the emotion initially triggered by the Snowden revelations, it seems that the general public has finally accepted to live in a monitored digital world.   Vincent and Nefeli just moved in together. They're best friends and swore to never fall in love again. That is until Vincent meets Julie. Desperate for human interaction, six emotionally damaged individuals risk self respect, shedding their disillusionment in a last grasp for happiness. A cruel-world comedy populated by struggling Instagram stars, Russian cowboys, Self-help gurus and more, their lives collide and crash in astounding ways. "61: Highway to Hell" tells the story of Richter Scale, a talentless LA based rock band desperate for fame and fortune. They are on the verge of breaking up when their manager convinces them that the only thing standing between them and glory is a pact with the devil. So they borrow an RV and head out for the infamous crossroads of Mississippi.-- But with questions looming: Will the devil actually show up to meet them there? And more importantly, will he even want their souls? Four women in the south are connected by the death of a dog. Forty-something immigrant Maria struggles while her adopted daughter Meredith is away. Maria bonds with her neighbor Clara as Meredith seeks out her biological aunt Violet, a loner confronted with her past by her curious niece. The death of Meredith's aging dog spur each of these women into reflections on identity, family, and the temporary freedom of tranquilizers.  Nijiiro Days follows the colorful lives and romantic relationships of four high school boys--Natsuki Hashiba, a dreamer with delusions of love; Tomoya Matsunaga, a narcissistic playboy who has multiple girlfriends; Keiichi Katakura, a kinky sadist who always carries a whip; and Tsuyoshi Naoe, an otaku who has a cosplaying girlfriend. Akemi suffers from a sense of loss after his cat dies. He decides to buy a used book and discovers a business card inside the book. The phrase of the book, which touched Akemi, has been underlined. Akemi becomes curious about the person Akane from the business card. He decides to contact her and they meet. Akane is a woman with a bright personality and Akemi develops feelings for her, but they are both in relationships. Akemi is dating Yayoi and Akane is dating Yuji. Akane's boyfriend Yuji doesn't have much time left to live. At the Hirata home, three generations of their family live together. A crisis ensues when one afternoon, housewife Fumie falls asleep and wakes up to find a thief has stolen her secret money she kept hidden in the refrigerator. Shing (Sadao Abe) is a rock star. He has an amazingly loud voice with a range of four octaves. His secret is that he has created his voice through a method of vocal cord doping. His voice is now teetering on the edge, due to side effects from the vocal cord doping. Around this time, Shing meets Fuuka (Riho Yoshioka) who is a street musician. When Fuuka sings, her vice is so small. Due to Fuuka, Shing looks back upon his past. A group of friends from high school days reunite for once more time before one of them dies from cancer. The found footage collective, Everything is Terrible! Has taken over 2,000 forgotten VHS tapes and re-contextualized them in order to tell the tale of The Dark Lord himself, Lucifer. Wang Sheng, a Ming-Dynasty scholar who just failed the Imperial Examination, works together with his fellow villagers through many strange but fantastic approaches to change his hometown's backwardness and his own fate. He accidentally meets with a Fox Spirit and involves himself in a series of weird adventures, both physically and emotionally, only to completely change his own life. A group of con-men try to take down a huge casino. In Istanbul's Hasanpasa, Seko makes plans for a vacation with his friends, who are in pursuit of hitting the volley, and the young man of the townspeople. Their financially comfortable friends give Serkan a lucrative amount of money for the costs. However, Seko loses money by playing craps on the gambling mafia, which he owes instead of doing the organization. The young man who thinks for the holiday plan makes a new plan by remembering his late grandfather's saying "Most precious treasure". The group goes to Edirne Uzunkopru with the new plan of Seko for the holiday. The jumping youngsters of Istanbul will be thrown into an adventurous and funny adventure with the cheerful and sincere people of Trakya ... The Bonifacio siblings reunite when they find out their father is diagnosed with cancer. In the process, they have to deal with unresolved issues among themselves before it's too late. The film revolves around the story of two brothers trying to search for a job. During the search they face many comedic situations when they work in professions they know nothing about. On the night that Bo finds his boyfriend Sun cheating on her, she befriends Louis, a professional swindler who ends up recruiting her to join his entourage. Chow Chong Fat and Wat Kam Heung, who knew each other since young, are coming to their 10th wedding anniversary. Fat always works as an accountant and also a handy man in the family business "Lo Wat Kei" founded by Heung's father. Fat is ordered around by Heung's family members every day. Bullied by Heung's mom, uncle and aunt, Fat leads a very miserable life. The only thing that brings Fat out of his rigid and boring life in "Lo Wat Kei" is the reunion with his dream lover Ceci. Lacking the joy of life, Fat buys a lottery ticket which wins him the first prize of 20 million HK dollars. But this is just the start of the whole exciting story. Following Tales from the Dark and Are You Here, Siu Yam Yam scares audiences again in the horror film The Girl Shaman. The Shaw Brothers veteran is flanked by a young lineup of actresses including Ashina Kwok (Lazy Hazy Crazy), Maggie Lee (La Lingerie), Daisy Li and Yan Linglan of Seven Sense.  After losing her boyfriend to a drowning accident, 19-year-old Xueni (Ashina Kwok) agrees to a soul-swap contract with an elderly shaman (Siu Yam Yam). Having gained the power to wander the realms of the living and dead, Xueni sets out to save her boyfriend's soul. After yet another defeat inflicted by G.I. Joe, the immediate subordinates of Cobra's leader, Cobra Commander, have finally come to the end of their patience with his apparent incompetence and his inability to achieve real victories. The leader of the research and interrogations wing, Dr. Mindbender, receives a dream showing the solution. His plan is to collect the genetic material of great warriors and military leaders to create a composite clone that would be the perfect leader for Cobra. Now they set out to put this scheme into motion, and G.I. Joe has very little time to learn of this plot before Cobra becomes that much more a dire threat to the world. Down on his luck in the suburbs, John Falstaff plans to hustle his way to a comfortable retirement by seducing the wives of two wealthy men. Unknown to him, it's the women of Windsor who really pull the strings, orchestrating Falstaff's comeuppance amidst a theatrical smorgasbord of petty rivalries, jealousies and over-inflated egos. For a fat Englishman, a Welshman and a Frenchman, the only way is Windsor... After falling off the radar for a few years, Maari is back in the fray doing what he does best: taking trouble by the horns and being a total bad-ass. This time around, he is facing off against a formidable opponent named Beeja, who would stop at nothing until he sees Maari's downfall. A happy-go-lucky-guy falls in love with the sister of a ruthless gangster. How does the former convince his lover's brother? Opportunistic jerk Mark Sanders is forced to join Gleahan of Eastvale, a delusional man who thinks he lives in a fantasy world. Together, they go on a quest to defeat the "Dark Lord" who apparently rules Duluth. But as Mark delves deeper into Gleahan's fantasy, it becomes clear just how real -- and insane -- Gleahan's plight truly is. A 45-year-old virgin has a hard time adjusting to society and he keeps himself in his own world. A documentary that follows a middle-aged Azorean record obsessive who has lost the vinyl collection of his youth, and so seeks to reconnect with it through talking with the fellow island collectors he grew up with about the music scene of their wilder years. Young Cyrus Priello, an ultra-skilled Neapolitan graphic, can not find a job that satisfies and appreciates him. After sending the curriculum practically everywhere, he just have to send a copy in space. He will thus be able to work for an alien society based on competence and meritocracy. A British spy is banished to Panama after having an affair with an ambassador's mistress. Once there he makes connection with a local tailor with a nefarious past and connections to all of the top political and gangster figures in Panama. The tailor also has a wife, who works for the Panamanian president and a huge debt. The mission is to learn what the President intends to do with the Canal. Nani's brother and his friends are his world. But he shares a love-hate relationship with his sister-in-law Jyothi. What happens when Shiva threatens his family, is what 'MCA' is all about. Paz, a kind woman, has allowed everyone around her to treat her as if she were worth nothing, keeping silent so as not to hurt feelings. Until one day, in her head, a phenomenon forces her to express what she feels. In 1950, the small Calabrian village of Caulonia still numbered nearly 15,000 souls, but there now remain no more than a few hundred. A phlegmatic old man and a young disabled woman are among the last inhabitants who haunt the deserted village. They seem to be waiting apathetically for their end and resemble the old boat abandoned on the shore. Il Dono is the story of those who have left, told by those who have stayed; a tale of disaster and exodus. Mary Surratt is the lone female charged as a co-conspirator in the assassination trial of Abraham Lincoln. As the whole nation turns against her, she is forced to rely on her reluctant lawyer to uncover the truth and save her life. The hottest reality TV Show in the world, "Lucky Stiffs", is about to get even more hot. Contestants from all over the globe try to win big cash prizes and fame by competing on the show against each other and survive the shows "stars".....zombies!!. However, there's a problem, a renegade contestant ("Mouse") is trying to expose the show as unethical and the show's producer's are grasping at straws to find Mouse. When all the producer's attempts have failed, he's left with one choice...to free "Jack" from a top secret Black ops prison and send him into the show. Jack has the kung fu skills to stay alive to find Mouse and bring her to the Producer......and he knows a thing or two about zombies. Tells the story of former meteorologist Eddie Nieves, who tries to go from infamy to fame by presenting a new line of hair gel "Galan". Two siblings played by William Baldin and Jodi Lyn O'Keefe travel to their families old, ancestrial estate upon the death of their father. They soon find out the hard way about their families ancient secret of witchcraft and the occult. Rafael, Pablo and Anselmo meet at an elders' home. Their friendship grows based on their sense of humor and will to live. Life at the home can be sad. With their typical wit, they recruit other residents, particularly three ladies nicknamed the Greeks. Together they challenge the home's rules of behavior and register into a sports contest for a juicy prize. Because there are no rules for growing old, Broche de oro: Beginnings celebrates life and reminds us to live it to the fullest until the end. A team from the intergalactic fast food chain Crumb's Crunchy Delights descends on Earth, planning to make human flesh the newest taste sensation. After they wipe out the New Zealand town Kaihoro, the country's Astro-Investigation and Defense Service is called in to deal with the problem. Things are complicated due to Giles, an aid worker who comes to Kaihoro the same day to collect change from the residents. He is captured by the aliens, and AIaDS stages a rescue mission that quickly becomes an all-out assault on the aliens' headquarters. Pink Eye is set in a small town in upstate New York, at a prison-like, dilapidated insane asylum where secret drug testing has gone inexplicably wrong. Patients are dying in sick and twisted ways and those who survive are becoming raging, homicidal lunatics. It's only a matter of time before all hell breaks loose and the patients begin to crave freedom to take their vengeance out on the world outside. When one patient does escape deformed, angry and far beyond insane, he brings death and terror to an unsuspecting town and everyone in it. CCTV operator Carl becomes frustrated when the police refuse to tackle a gang of drug dealers. He takes the law into his own hands with devastating repercussions. Documentary about marijuana use, culture and law enforcement by future porn superstar director Alex de Renzy. When a group of teenagers goes on a spring break camping trip, an unfortunate accident sets off a race to save their friend's most prized possession.  It tells the story of four friends: a single mom hoping to complete her family, a martyr wife who will do anything to keep her family from falling apart, a mistress who is desperate to have her own family, and a young woman who fully supports them. The story revolves around a hermit named Tokhang. People ridicule her because of her eerie look and scary demeanor. As a bearer of bad tidings,  she manages to expose and criticize the foolishness and corruption of the people around her and the society in which they lived in. The rich inner world of famous Georgian theater and film director, artist and puppeteer Rezo Gabriadze is as fantastic as the animation into which he has poured this story of his life. Rezo's director son Levan "Leo" Gabriadze, who previously made the horror film Unfriended (2014), leaves it to his father to talk about a life suffused with magical thinking. FryDay is a Hindi movie starring Govinda in a prominent role. The cast also includes Sanjay Mishra, Rajesh Sharma, Varun Sharma and Brijendra Kala. It is a comedy directed by Abhishek Dogra. A 60-year-old lumber supply businessman is dismayed to learn his 50-year-old wife is pregnant. A film adaptation of the hit Broadway comedy, with Paul Ford repeating his stage role as the flabbergasted papa-to-be. The Story revolves around Johnny (Murali) and Annie (Madhavi), a married couple.Johnny is a recurrent alcoholic. After an altercation between Johnny and Keshavan (N F Varghese), who is humiliated in front of his family decides to take revenge and hurts one of their kid.During required blood transfusion it is discovered that Annie's is suffering from a late stage of Leukemia and that she only has a couple of months to live. Annie fearing her kids well being gives then up for better future through adoption. In search of transcendence through stone skipping, an idealistic drifter arrives in a quiet lakeside town. Facing resistance from unimpressed locals, and pursued by members of his former skipping crew, he is forced to consider the merit of his lifelong quest. Cesar is 'the boss', the one everyone hates, the one some flatter and the one nobody tells the truth; the great successful businessman is on the edge of the precipice. One night his actions crumble down, his partners betray him and his wife kicks him out of the house. Entrenched in his office, he tries relentlessly to recover his company and his life. But he will not do it alone, Cesar will find a very special ally, Ariana, the cleaner of the night shift.  Jay Mandao and his nephew-in-law Jackson use astral projection to reverse a ghost's death on Halloween.  Tamara has been separated from Diego for two years. She finally leaves home to live the student adventure in Paris with his girlfriend Sam. In a galley apartment, they accept a cohabit with Wagner. Problem: Diego is part of the lot, and he is no more single. True love is not about perfection, it is hidden in flaws. The movie 'Mutluluk Zamani' (Time of Happiness) tells the story of Mert (Baris Arduc) who creates his 'perfect' life without facing his past and Ada (Elcin Sangu) who builds her own way of life based on all of her past experiences.  From its start as an unassuming family comedy in 1987 to its eventual wildly popular 192-episode run, the film centers on the rise of the cast of one of America's most beloved family sitcoms and the pressures they faced in balancing their television personas with their real lives. Detective Yvonne is the widow of police chief Santi, a local hero in a town on the French Riviera. When she learns he was in fact a crooked cop, she tries to right his wrongs. Crossing paths with Antoine, a victim of Santi, sets off a series of wild events. Marion and Ben, thirty years old, meet on Tinder. That's about all they have in common; but the opposites attract each other, and they decide in the early morning of their meeting to go on vacation together despite the advice of their entourage. They will finally leave - to Bulgaria, halfway to their dream destinations: Beirut for Marion, Biarritz for Ben. Without a precise plan and, as they will soon discover, with very different conceptions of what a dream holiday should be. GO is not just an aging college teacher. He still is the young 18 year-old idealist who  dared to engaged in social and political action to defend his principles. As a matter of fact, he was one of El Che's last companions. It was somewhere over there, in Bolivia, in 1967. At least, that's what he tells everyone... Having cancer and six months to live, sends Clayton Rockwell (William L. Johnson) a successful businessman, devoted husband and father on a journey to do the unthinkable. Clayton finds a replacement Wesley Madison (Richard Gallion) and grooms him to exactness to take over his business and family all the while Kenneth Swain (Darrin Henson) is working to take over his company. Sraboni / Shaon (Esha Saha) and Antor Sen (Aditya Sengupta) have been married for 2 years and 5 months, and live in a joint family with Antor's parents, brother, sister-in-law and niece. Unbeknownst to her draconian, Rabindrasangeet-loving, idealist mother-in-law, Shaon has a career writing scripts for Bengali soaps (watching which too are strictly forbidden in the household). In contrast to the fiercely independent Shaon, Antor is usually indecisive and equivocates every time he is asked for his opinion on any matter. Shaon and Antor are unable to conceive because Shaon suffers from polycystic ovary syndrome - something which causes her a lot of mental anguish.  A documentary profile on Rumi Missabu, the iconoclast cofounder of San Francisco's infamous Cockettes. Through archive footage, animation and new interviews with stars from SF's queer art past, his lurid tales in and out of the spotlight are revealed as he reinvents himself at the end of his life. Dive into "The Pond," the nationally syndicated Christian children's radio show that delivers faith, fun and family values -- now in an all-new animated adventure! Rendered in colorful computer-generated imagery by the same great minds behind "Hermie &amp; Friends," each episode features a diverse cast of creatures who don't always agree but live together in peace and harmony thanks to a few lessons from the Bible. A proud son hires a documentary filmmaker to immortalise his father's legacy. Tensions flare up between filmmaker and subject-and a rookie cameraman is caught in the cross fire-as the three travel across France unearthing family secrets. A group of kids, a couple of kidnappers, and two men who are planning to murder one of the children get trapped inside a haunted mansion. This short begins with the star canine and his owner Penny in peril from "The Man with the Green Eye", trapped within his fortress protected by overwhelming defenses, tied up and suspended high above a bottomless pit that's surrounded by fire. So Penny's father transforms Rhino into a super hamster to save the day. A gambling villager Julius suddenly wins 3 million euros in a lottery and does not know what to do with it. Nina Geld's passion and talent have made her a rising star in the comedy scene, but she's an emotional mess offstage. When a new professional opportunity coincides with a romantic one, she is forced to confront her own deeply troubled past. A hitman in Koreatown meets a Karaoke hostess only to find out she is his next target. Bad trailers for bad movies can be good fun, as this fiendishly funny collection of exploitation flick trailers amply demonstrates. Shamelessly sleazy promos for an assortment of flicks whose titles alone are enough to raise eyebrows include scenes from movies such as Satan in High Heels and Pin-Down Girls. Also included are She Shoulda Said No!, Glenn or Glenda, Reform School Girls, A Taste of Flesh, Let Me Die a Woman and more.  Joseph and his two sons, Joachim and Ivan, form a close-knit family but fail to see that each one is losing control of his life. Joachim is supposed to be studying psychiatry but spends most of his time daydreaming about his ex-girlfriend, Ivan cannot fit in at school despite being very smart, and Joseph has secretly quit his job as a doctor and is trying to become a writer. While there is plenty of affection at home, all three are also, clumsily, searching for love... After another successful con, two reasonably experienced con-men - Richard and Harry, - come to a conclusion that this has become too easy and even boring and they decide to expand their horizons.  A group of kids realizing there is strength in numbers, band together to take on the neighborhood bullies. We follow four overweight police sergeants, Kan (Sarun Shinsuwapala), Yoi (Pramote Pathan), Ao (Supachai Supprasert), and Pleum (Somyos Matures), as they struggle with their weight and physical demands of being part of the Thai law enforcement.  A story about friendship and the social stigma of being overweight, Oversize Cops presents a balanced case between the importance of staying fit and embracing chubbiness. It's a shout out to all who strives to stay fit while assuring those who prefer being a plus-size. All that matters is the bonds we share with the people who are important to us. The legendary Mario Gas and his daughter Miranda star in this humanist comedy by Pablo Llorca, an immersion in a working class area of Madrid, its neighborhood life and its community ties, on the fringes of the haste of the big city. Along with Elena, a photographer for a magazine, we end up in La Fortuna, where Elena takes Ana after helping her when she feels unwell after a marathon. There, in the bar, we'll get to know Ana's world, her father, a likable sponger, and her long-suffering mother, and we'll accompany her on her road to independence. Firangi is a Hindi movie starring Kapil Sharma and Ishita Dutta in prominent roles. Set in 1920, it is a period drama directed by Rajeev Dhingra, with Kapil Sharma as the producer, forming part of the crew. A brother and sister who befriend a badly sunburned dolphin separated from his family and uncover a secret plan that could destroy the beach and their new friend's home. The kids must devise a clever plan to stop the bad guys, protect the sea life, and, most importantly, save their best friend, Bernie. Although Sam has the mental capacity of a 7-year-old, he has a daughter with a homeless woman who abandons them when they leave the hospital, leaving Sam to raise Lucy on his own. But as Lucy grows up, Sam's limitations start to become a problem and the authorities take her away. Sam shames high-priced lawyer, Rita into taking his case pro bono and in turn teaches her the value of love and family.  Five friends are disappointed about the way their favorite hangout Malarvaadi Arts Club is headed. They take the responsibility of reviving the club in their own hands. A story of a barker who falls in love with a beautiful lady. Squatter neighborhood finds a wealthy sponsor. A modern day musical telling of the ministry of Jesus Christ set in New York. The Apostles, portrayed as an acting troupe re-enact the parables and teachings of Jesus. Martino, a young entomologist in a sentimental crisis, returns to Rome to find his beloved uncle. As soon as he arrives, his uncle asks him to babysit the daughter of some friends. Once arrived at Linda's home, the little girl, Martino finds out that along with her there is also Lulu, her eccentric and unpredictable grandmother. Everything becomes more complicated when Martino receives the phone call of Tea, an old love encountered by accident right that afternoon. The woman is in danger and asks him for help. Martino, excited about the idea of saving her, is forced to bring the grandmother and child into a series of adventures and misadventures, encounters and unforeseen events, around a nocturnal Rome, seeking a new love.   A young boy, found in an old temple, is raised by a lodge owner but yearns to see his mother who left him. Jaine meanders through her life as an up and coming musician and pot dealer in Montreal's Plateau neighbourhood. The next great psycho horror slasher has given a documentary crew exclusive access to his life as he plans his reign of terror over the sleepy town of Glen Echo, all the while deconstructing the conventions and archetypes of the horror genre for them. Set over the course of a single evening at the Reynolds' family home in Connecticut, Clara, fed up with the constant ribbing from her self-absorbed showbiz family, finds solace in and guidance from the supernatural force she believes is haunting her. In this modern adaptation of the ancient Persian poet Ferdowsi's epic drama, the puppets set out in search of Rostam, an ancient hero who was abducted. After great hardship they rescue ancient heroes' puppets that are facing crisis due to a conspiracy by modern robot toys'. Adopting a frame story structure, the film unfolds tales of the puppets appearing in the puppet show in several different layers. Narratively, on one axis it attempts a modernized restoration of the traditional puppet show, on the verge of disappearing, while on the other axis it awakens the ancient spirit of the times, through all the ancient heroes on parade. Tradition and modernity, heroes and villains are not opponents, but harmonize in the film. The puppet shows begin with rap and dance, and actual images and animation are intertwined. Fantasy and reality co-exist in this interesting work in which all the great Iranian heroes appear. Ultimately, it is a heart-warming film that shows harmony and love. The story of two friends who are pursuing their dreams trying to become singer and actor When a Mafia don's right-hand man, a bulldog named Sonny, swallows his ring, comedy ensues as two of the don's best soldiers try and retrieve the ring from Sonny, who has been adopted by a new family A long forgotten friend is getting ready to be married,  so an opportunity for a bachelor party will not be missed by our beloved heroes.  There is one significant difference tough, that will test their limits:  The wedding will take place in Crete and the Cretan relatives of the bride are not joking at all.  New friends and also enemies will join the team.  They will confront Cretan vendettas but also the consequences of the most epic bachelor party ever! Bailaras is the story of a villager named JAGGA, who owns a Belarus tractor and is famous for winning tochan (tug of war between tractors) competitions in and around his village. A hilarious and beautiful portrait of two brothers growing up. The film follows the brothers around for one summer capturing the nuances of pissing each other off. A stand-up comedian, and his opera singer wife, have a 2 year old daughter with a surprising gift.  Rafael embarks on a shabby blue Landau and crosses the city of Sao Paulo gathering truths and lies about the set of his uncle Tico, the already legendary proto-punk-satirical Knee of Porco. Zombies are back in this highly anticipated sequel to 2015's popular Zombieworld. In the wake of a terrible virus that claimed most of the human population, zombies have risen. As the undead take control of Earth and grow in numbers, the remaining survivors struggle to save themselves and their planet from total annihilation in this unique horror anthology produced by the twisted mind of DreadCentral's Steve Barton and Miguel Rodriguez. Welcome to Zombieworld! In the wake of a truce between the Nice Side and the Mice Side, the Zooverse has settled into an era of peace. The villainous mouse, Boo Boo Squeal, is determined to violate that peace treaty, and restart war at any cost. Nice Side heroes, Nuke and B-52, are forced to fend for themselves, thwarting Boo Boo's vengeful minions and defending the Zooverse with everything they've got.   A road trip comedy about a crazy mother who has a tense relationship with her son. The Mystery Inc. gang have gone their separate ways and have been apart for two years, until they each receive an invitation to Spooky Island. Not knowing that the others have also been invited, they show up and discover an amusement park that affects young visitors in very strange ways. A docu-comedy about three neo-hippies from Berlin who move to a farm in Poland to be closer to nature. They meditate, practice acroyoga and shower in the garden. The villagers consider them complete eccentrics. Poolsideman's Watanabe Brothers stamp their trademark brand of humor and melancholy on this gem of a road movie, as two Beatlemaniacs plan and then travel to Tokyo for a Paul McCartney concert. Three cheerleaders attending a cheer camp become involved in a government facility theft and kidnapping. They seek out the help of the southern-charmed camp manager to rescue their friend A popular radio personality with an aversion to love meets two men with differing views on romance.  Majeed Rahman, the Manager of MYC, a Sevens Football team from Malapuram, Kerala; recruits Samuel a Football player from Nigeria. unfortunately Samuel is injured, Majeed lets him stay at his house and over time, they develop a close bond. Titu is going to marry a perfect woman named Sweety. Titu's best-friend Sonu doubts Sweety's character and tries to break the marriage while Sweety tries to do opposite and which leads to war between Bromance and Romace. As they celebrate their high school graduation, four friends are involved in a hit-and-run accident when their car hits and apparently kills a pedestrian on an isolated roadway. They dispose of the body and vow to keep the incident a secret, a year later somebody starts sending them letters bearing the warning "I Know What You Did Last Summer". A tale of people unfolds under the night sky. These doomed couples and lost individuals begin journeys and attempt to find resolution in their lives. Love is observed from a distance, sadness is in the air. With little sympathy for the loss and destruction caused to the characters, the stories progress and become neatly woven into a minimalistic portrayal of modern life. Someone is murdering all of the Ben Lyks in London! Youtuber, Ben Lyk, decides to gather all of the remaining Ben Lyks to try and figure out exactly what is happening to London's Ben Lyks. Theevandi is a political satire depicted through light humor where the protagonist Bineesh hardly knows a thing even about himself. When John Paul, a wedding photographer, meets Jessy for the first time, he instantly finds himself attracted to her. His crush eventually turns into love, the feeling which is reciprocated from Jessy's end too. However, their relationship is put to test when an arranged marriage proposition comes their way and everything in their relationships goes for a toss. An would-be immigrant seeks a marriage partner to secure him citizenship. Teens, tweens and crooks all hang out at the local roller rink one night during the 1990s.  This is a story of four friends &amp; school buddies. Out of them, only Ashim is an earning person, he is a doctor. Earlier, they started a Bangla Band, where Hari was the lead singer, but they were heavily thrashed by the public in a stage show in North Bengal. They decided not to sing any more. Then they started a traveling agency. On their first trip, they start the journey with only 9 passengers and a girl who later joins them. The film deals with their journey via Kalimpong. The ten passengers are of ten different types and also the four tour operators are of four different natures. As the journey progresses, their characters were revealed one by one.  Claudia and Felipe can't be any more different. Only a zombie apocalypse could bring them together. A hilarious love story set in zombie times. Claudia, Felipe, a drunkard and a security guard must escape Lima together in search of safety. Andres and Julissa now parents to a seven year old Carlitos struggle to live happily as a family despite being fervent fans of rival teams and of Vicente's (Julissa's father) disapproval. Lakshmi Kalyanam (Telugu: lkssmi kllyaannN) is an 2007 Telugu movie that is directed by Teja. Kalyan Ram plays the lead roles with Kajal. The film released on 15 February 2007.Ramu (Kalyan Ram) is very fond of his sister-in-law Lakshmi (Kaajal). Ramu is an uneducated guy who works in farms. Lakshmi's father is a wealthy guy and is the president of the village. Their village has feuds with a neighboring village. Giri (Ajay) is from the other village and he wants to marry Lakshmi. But Lakshmi and Ramu are in love. Ramu has to win a race over Giri to marry Lakshmi. The rest of the story is all about the hurdles Ramu faces in order to wed Lakshmi. A young photographer moves back in with his mother and has to adjust to his old hometown. Things get more challenging when she appoints him as her dating coach in order to spend more time together. A modern remake of the classic movie where our main characters meets unforeseen troubles and bureaucracy when they build a new house. A hopeless and hilarious meet with the system. After losing his job, Leo is also losing his breath at his girlfriend's demands. In his closet, he finds a toy gun, so he looks for his good old friend DJ Canas, and proposes him the business of their lives: to become armed robbers. This is how they begin a journey full of funny adventures where Leo looks for money and DJ Canas seeks the adrenaline.  About a group of youngsters who accidentally catch a terrorist. Hoping to find answers to her estranged father's mysterious illness, a young woman visits his old villa and uncovers a horrifying truth from the past. An unaired episode of Shinmai Maou no Testament, bundled with the eighth light novel volume. Charles, an engineering student with an eye for beauty, just returned from school to a dormitory owned by Aling Linda, a strict, lonesome widow. Other occupants of the dorm include Max-now on his 7th year in college, Sheen-his reluctant partner, Steven-a social entrepreneur, Ramon-his cop lover, Alex-a call center agent, and Jenny-his attentive girlfriend. They all spend the evening tucked away in solitary rooms, talking about collective experiences, sharing a similar fate. And rent is due. Heejung hopes to leave Daegu and transfer to a university in Seoul. She works at a ticket office for paddle boats to save up for her tuition. One day while she dozes off, someone attempts suicide. Minutiae was made for the BBC 2 programme The Late Show, and was filmed in the same studio. The aim was to make an event-specific work that would contrast with the way the studio appeared on TV. Arturo, the successful owner of an art gallery, and Renzo, a talented but decadent painter, are old friends who cannot stop bickering. One day, Arturo comes up with a solution to all their problems, but the plan they concoct turns out to be crazier and riskier than they originally expected. Param and Jasmeet fall in love and they get married. Their perfect romance gets disturbed by Jasmeet's suppressed ambition however, she has dreams of going to London so that she can pursue her career and build a better life for herself. But Param unable to get a visa and that creates some high drama in their love life. When a reporter goes undercover as a nanny to get the inside scoop on a playboy prince, she gets tangled in some royal intrigue and ends up finding love - but will she be able to keep up her lie? To inherit her father's company, socialite Ellen must first visit his small hometown, where she learns the value of hard work and helping others. Live performance from science comedy trio Festival of the Spoken Nerd. An upright Ayurveda practitioner is hounded by big pharma giants for his age-old formula called Vajra Kawach that cures everything from pimples to impotency. But how long can he keep this magic pill only for the poor? Vele can't afford to buy the expensive medications for his father who has cancer. Desperate, he steals marijuana from some criminals, makes a cake with it and gives it to his father, hoping it will reduce his pain. His father's health miraculously improves, but Vele is suddenly confronted by neighbors who demand the recipe for the "remedial" cake and by the criminals who want their drugs back. The story of Gandhinagaril Unniyarcha is based in a village called Gandhinagar where Unniyarcha and her thugs run chit fund and gambling dens. All goes well for Unniyarcha until Kottayam Naseer takes charge of the Gandhinagar Police station and nabs her in a case. What happens next, forms the crux.  Inside prison, El-Ghazuli helps Adawi, Sallukah, Atwah, Mansi, and Sayyed Balakonah to escape from prison to finish a 30-day job. They have to return back a nightclub to Shafiqah who inherited it from her late husband. Her stepson is doing his best to move her away. After claiming countless lives, the fairies won the great battle with the demons. However, the leader of their Kunlun sect Yu Qingzi died for his young apprentice Xiao He. 500 tranquil years later, Xiao He finds himself face to face with a resurrected Yu Qingzi. Louie Anderson Live at the Guthrie Khiladi Rockstar (Johnny Johnny Yes Papa) 2018 Hindi Dubbed Watch Online The story is about Johnny (Duniya Vijay) and his 'adopted' father Pappu (Rangayana Raghu) along with their side kick Beeja aka B Jayaram (Hemanth) The trio run a company, Johnny.com, which has the outlook of a software firm, but works towards social causes. Enters Priya (Rachita Ram) who dreams of flying to the USA. However, her father, played by Achyuth Kumar, is not in favour of his only daughter going abroad. Will he get help from Johnny and Pappu in convincing his daughter, and will Johnny, who develops a romantic feel towards her, express his love. At the beginning of the 20th century, a series of Gnostic spells perpetrated in India affected a Spanish priest, ending his honor and his life and cursing his offspring forever. Harassed by this spell, his great-great grandson, also a priest, is forced to flee from the town to the capital and from there to a cathedral submerged in the depths of the ocean. Black magicians, delinquents, insects, archons and even Satan himself will be some of the sinister characters he will have to face in order to succeed in his evangelizing adventure. Josh Widdicombe, the star of 'The Last Leg' and his own sitcom 'Josh' is back with his new stand-up show "What Do I Do Now?" "...the undisputed king of the exasperated petty gripe" - Evening Standard Paul Chowdhry is back at London's Hammersmith Apollo with his brand new stand up DVD PC's World. Recorded as part of his 100 date UK sell out tour, including three night's at the legendary venue, Paul is close to the edge as he takes his audience on a comedy journey through vicious weather, unimaginable pets, discrimination, family values and his trade mark off the cuff comedy improvisations. It's time to enter PC's World... Stewart Francis, the star of Mock The Week, Michael McIntyre's Comedy Roadshow and Live At The Apollo embarks on a brand new stand-up tour, starting in Spring 2015 and extended into 2016 after phenomenal demand with his fantastic, hilarious new show Pun Gent! Benjamin has lost his wife and, in a bid to start his life over, purchases a large house that has a zoo - welcome news for his daughter, but his son is not happy about it. The zoo is in need of renovation and Benjamin sets about the work with the head keeper and the rest of the staff, but, the zoo soon runs into financial trouble. Cocoa visits her family, in the mountains, after quite some time again after her sister Mocha wrote her, through a letter, to come back soon. Her friends will have to spend a week in the town without her, while Cocoa has time with her family that she hasn't seen for a long time. But Chino, Cocoa's self proclaimed little sister, wants to go watch, with Cocoa and all her friends, the fireworks in the fireworks festival, which is coming up in less than a week. Cocoa decides to return early as she misses them all, but will she arrive in time for the climax of the festival? Teenage secret agents must travel to the past and stop an evil doctor from creating a virus that wipes out all life in the future. The film tells the story of Bruno, who drives his motor scooter through the streets of Buenos Aires, making deliveries to the premises of "Extraordinary Objects" of his uncles. His friends wait for him to start the weekend but an unexpected accident with a relative changes his plans. Bruno starts a weekend of adventures, which will involve a scientist, a girl with unusual beauty, a group of aliens who love human flesh and an eccentric modern artist. Jumping around from musing about the disappointment of Kinder Surprise eggs to medieval porn to men's tendency not to admit ignorance to a brilliant take-off of Chris de Burgh, which comes out of nowhere. Yes, Bailey lacks an inherent structure--unlike Harry Hill or Al Murray--so you could walk in half way through and not miss any underlying subtleties. Kuroda Island has been colonised by Thyyland for hundreds of years. In the last 30 years, many Kurodians have been granted Thyy citizenship but in reality are still being treated as second-class citizens. Many Kurodians are gifted with football talent and are called upon to play for the Thyy national team, their presence causing many problems. Also, the Kuroda Independence Movement that has been strengthening lately, causing much anti-Kurodian sentiment in Thyy society... Sam, a neurotic young filmmaker has trouble deciding which of his relationships are meaningful after discovering the affirmations of social media. Set against the backdrop of the succession of Queen Elizabeth I, and the Essex Rebellion against her, the story advances the theory that it was in fact Edward De Vere, Earl of Oxford who penned Shakespeare's plays. Ramoji Rao productions 2014 movie Make the following sentences with the following words: (two points) French mosaic, painting, stand-up comedy, instagram, rehearsal swearing, hahaaa, old-fashioned single-swing motorcyclist, patriotic daphne, foreign love, grandmother's house, greetings of Aryat! Fed up with her deadbeat grown kids and marginal urban existence, Juanita takes a Greyhound bus to Paper Moon, Montana - where she reinvents herself and finds her mojo. "1980 Dawgs" is an extraordinary new documentary film produced in a 2-DVD Collectors Edition set. The most accurate and in-depth project ever produced on that special season. Current, often emotional, interviews with 27 players, coaches and others involved. 22 separate chapters include the inside stories and game footage highlights of each game, some with Larry Munson's best calls. And, special segments on important Bulldog history such as The Railroad Tracks (which includes old live film footage), Coach Erk Russell, a Larry Munson Tribute and more. When a contaminated energy drink turns an illegal rave into a nightmare, a germaphobic journalist has to overcome her deepest fears to get her friends out alive.  Recently paroled from prison, legendary burglar "Doc" Riedenschneider, with funding from Alonzo Emmerich, a crooked lawyer, gathers a small group of veteran criminals together in the Midwest for a big jewel heist. Madhukar and Parthavi fall head over heels in love with each other, but the fact that they belong to different castes of society, becomes an obstacle in their romance. The lovers dare to go against societal norms and battle all odds for the sake of love.  Michelle is not one to let herself get hurt in love. With this fear, she thrusts herself in the midst of plan Bs, second options, and back-up plans - one which involves her present boyfriend and her ex. The career of the once successful classical portraitist, Kingdom Swann, has hit bad times. When a leading gallery rejects his work, he seems at the point of giving up. It is only the support of his housekeeper, Violet Askey, that keeps him going and it is she who encourages him to switch to photography. Soon Swann has developed a healthy (and respectable) business with portraits of naked women in classical and exotic settings. However, the nature of Swann's new work is open to misinterpretation and he finds himself at the centre of a scandal involving the misuse of his pictures by a SOHO pornographer, and the focus of a campaign by suffragettes against the expoitation of women. At the same time, he loses the support of the loyal Violet, who leaps to the wrong conclusion about Swann's relationship with one of his models. When Violet then becomes involved in the suffragette and amti-pornography movements, it seems all may be lost for Swann - both professionally...and personally. The Yorozuya gang returns to protect the country's shogun when the Shinsengumi police force finds itself in a crisis. A young and successful copywriter Alan Despot, after trying in vain to renew a broken relationship with his girlfriend, goes to the island of Vis and finds himself torn between his eccentric father, another ex-girlfriend and her fiance. New situations and circumstances help Alan to view his own life from a new perspective. Ulises Alpuyeca, a film initiate,  wants to make his debut feature and he accepts the first opportunity offered to him to direct a film, without knowing that it is foing to be a porn movie. Gudelio Medina, photographer and Ulysses's old mate, convinces him to do it. All participants in the film, start, unaware of the main porn star gender, making room for hilarious entanglements, but once committed to the project they must discover how to shoot a porn movie and in the process, just maybe, discover love.  The neurotic Fikret and tavern singer Solmaz, whose 21 year long relationships end on the same day, meet through a funny coincidence. When Solmaz's daughter Zeynep decides to marry her lover from Adana, the ever-fearful Fikret ends up having to play the role of his life. Intended at first to be kept in the family, the wedding becomes a much bigger event upon the insistence of the groom's relatives. Can our heroes come to terms with the traditional Adana family who carry guns and own a kebab restaurant chain, and see the wedding through without mishaps?   ,,Love and Shukla" is the story of sex, love and the search for privacy in a small, one-room Mumbai chawl. Shukla, an auto driver from an orthodox Brahmin family, has never intimately known a woman other than the celluloid starlets he watches every day on the 4 inch display of his mobile phone. When his mother arranges his sudden marriage, Shukla and his new wife face the experience of more than 55% of couples in Mumbai: a new marriage, no experience in a relationship and a joint family love nest that offers no space for sex, much less a conversation. Their only respite is a line of old suitcases set up by his father to separate them from the family, a cell phone and a city of 18 million eyes. Camp New: Humble Pie is an over-the-top Christian comedy for the entire family. Join the camp coordinators as they learn about walking in the fruit of the Spirit. Archer Ace is new to camp and with a lot of pride to boot. He challenges fellow coordinator, Penny, to a duel of athleticism that will prove, once and for all, who the greatest camp coordinator is. Meanwhile, Miss Mo and Penny try to keep camp running smooth when division starts sneaking in. They can't agree on the name of the fall extravaganza - or is it bonanza? Things fall further out of control when Miss Mo's pottery comes up missing and camp pranksters are on the loose. A full investigation ensues. Camp New has triumph and defeat, happy and unhappy campers (pun fully intended), and lessons of love, peace, and patience - all served up with a nice slice of "Humble Pie". Fedoras, mom's underpants, and puppy love all make Jim Norton's s**t list in 'Mouthful of Shame'. When Daniel and Isabelle invite Patrick and his new flame, Emma, to dinner, it's with some misgivings. After all, Patrick has just dumped his ex-wife -- their best friend -- to run off with a much younger woman. But when the ravishing Emma appears, all of Daniel's qualms fly out of the window. He's instantly smitten with the seductive woman... Two septuagenarians go to Tuscany to prevent their old friend from killing the man who cuckolded him fifty years ago. The film is a comedy about Rasmus and Frederik, two Danish men in their 30s, who head out on a business venture. They know each other from a boarding school back in Denmark and none of them have really been successful in life so far. Now they meet, 15 years later, both keen to set up a dog breeding centre.  The two partners have learned that so-called luxury dogs are extremely popular among the Chinese upper class and therefore expect this to be their way into fast and overwhelming wealth in China. A 200 plus lb St. Bernard dog by the name of Dollar travels with them to Chongqing. Here they meet up with the mysterious Mr. Liu who owns the largest bakery in Western China and who believes that dogs are as powerful as humans. Soon, the dog business evolves in unexpected ways, while the friendship between the two Danes grows stronger. 28-year-old Aleksi is stuck living with her parents. Desperate to escape the safe but boring bourgeois life her family has intended for her, she shirks her duties and becomes entangled with various romantic interests. Catch Kalyseryes Lola Nidora, Lola Tinidora, and Lola Tidora in this hilarious movie as they, along with their little niece Charmaine, attempt to survive a zombie outbreak! "Slice of life" take on life of international porn celebrity, Moon, and her musings on modern life, love and loss.   We are all equal before the law, but some are just more equal than others.  Get an inside look at the harmonious world of the Amish with this PBS documentary that takes you into their communities and dwellings and offers up fascinating re-creations of historic Amish homes. Interviews with community members shed light on their protected culture and religion, while demonstrations of routine chores, such as baking in a wood-burning stove and doing laundry using "horsepower," underscore the simplicity of the Amish lifestyle. The Chanters is a comedy-drama film about Sarah Mae, a 12 year old school girl, the grand-daughter of the last chanter of the Panay Bukidnon tribe. She obsesses with pop culture and readies herself for the visit of a sensational TV star to her school. As she perfects her dance, her grandfather, Lolo Ramon suffers the onset of dementia. As her Lolo starts losing his precious memories, Sarah Mae is tasked to help him complete the last of the remaining 12 epics, their tribe's vanishing tradition. Eager to win back his girlfriend, Kudin rushes off to join a gang of mat rempit, only to later discover that he is not welcome. It isn't until an Arabian scientist gives him a sample of magical petrol, which could turn his regular motorcycle into a "flying" one, that people start to notice him. With his fame increasing on the internet, Kudin's popularity starts to get to his head. His best friend Comel, who secretly has a crush on him, tries to lead him back to normalcy. Gachchi is a real yet unpredictable situational comedy about one day in the lives of two troubled and conflicting strangers, Shriram and Keerti, who have a chance encounter at a strange place (a terrace) and affect each other's lives. Will they be able to pose solutions for one another's dire and unsolvable problems and somehow manage to end the day better than they started it? Aries and Chai sign up for a couple's retreat program where they are given free rein to fix their marriage in whatever way possible or impossible.  Andrey, a detective and the world's most horrible father, brings together a terrible group of people in his apartment: his resentful actress daughter, an angry thug, and a cheated cop. Each one of them has a reason to want revenge.. Two Wrongs Make a Right is a 2017 Chinese-Hong Kong romantic comedy film written and directed by Vincent Kok, starring Vic Chou, Fiona Sit and Ronald Cheng The journey of Vikran trying to win the heart of Jaanu whom he was supposed to get arranged marriage with but got rejected due to an unexplained reason. When he got to know the reason behind the rejection the story takes a sharp right turn from being romantic comedy to a suspense action movie. Gloria returns to her bleak home town after failing as a singer in New York. She falls for a grifter who claims to be the former manager of a famous singer. Her passion for singing is reborn, but she is pushed into uncharted territory. Seven kids will be called to be heroes. After accidentally finding out the plans of an evil corporation, the GadgetGents, to hack everyone's phones, these kids will have to defend their homes, their lives and the world. Luckily there is a ninja, a cowboy, a viking, two crafty sisters, two talented brothers and an Arsenal. Aravind Krishna doesn't know what he wants from life and is indecisive when faced with numerous choices. While his parents help him take small decisions in life, will he be able to decide on matters related to love? A politician's rivals, his minions and a group of youngsters head to a forest in search of the politician's hidden wealth. A hilarious ride of a married couple n their adorable 8 months old baby boy. Beautiful Dhampus as It's set and majestic views and mountains as the backdrop. Professor Biondi is a depressed scientist. After his wife's death, he lives isolated from the world in the Nevada desert, near Area 51. He supposedly works on a top-secret project for the US government, but in actuality, he spends his days on the couch, listening to the sound of the Universe. His only contact with the outside world is Stella, who organizes alien-themed weddings for tourists on the prowl for extra-terrestrials. One day the Professor receives a message from Naples: his dying brother is entrusting him with his two children, so that they may live with him in America. A father in financial problems takes his son on vacation as he tries to solve his life. A family of cannibalistic pilgrims attacks a restaurant that stays open for Thanksgiving. Friends and family gather around the death bed of Gavin, where they assist in the dying man's suicide. But though Gavin's pain has been laid to rest, the grief felt by everyone there has only begun, and Walking on Water compassionately follows the attempts of Gavin's closest friends Anna (Maria Theodorakis) and Charlie (Vince Colosimo) to recover from their loss. [3:20 | Super 8 | Silent | 2013] In search of a subject, I hunted. I found it in myself. Two former high school friends Patty and Cocoy find each other unexpectedly 30 years later, not only as organizers of their high school reunion, but also as new neighbors. Patty and her daughter Yanni's quiet lives then get an unexpected shake-up when love--in the form of Cocoy and his nephew Jason --comes knocking on their door. A coming-of-age film that tells the story of Billy Bayagan, a closeted gay in a family of strict and conservative policemen. The film follows his journey of acceptance and love for his true self. Two overachieving "good girls" decide to experience all they've missed out on in one crazy, unforgettable night prior to their high school graduation. On 29 January 1993 eighty prisoners escaped from an Athens prison. Well, in actual fact one convict escaped, a guy named Vassilis, for his beloved in Amalliada, but in his hurry he forgot the prison door open and little by little another seventy-nine got out... The film follows the eleven who made it down to the Peloponnese... with them an old musician who has a map he bought from a Greek in America for $2500 with the lost treasure of General Hursit Pasha. A funny, intimate and heartbreaking portrait of one of the world's most beloved and inventive comedians, Robin Williams, told largely through his own words. Celebrates what he brought to comedy and to the culture at large, from the wild days of late-1970s L.A. to his death in 2014. Waitresses Angela and Jessie dream of leaving their low-rent diner and heading to Galveston, Texas. They soon find themselves on the streets of Dallas, trying to come up with increasingly wild schemes to raise some much-needed cash. A couple of bumbling burglars are mistaken as two aliens by a talking cat that watches too many conspiracy videos. Regardless it's up to Ms. Whiskers and her rat friend, Chuck, to capture them and save Christmas. A society sleuth rescues a kidnapped woman, then is framed for murder. It's the story of four people who, after the funeral of Carlo Conti, are summoned by a notary to read the will of their recently deceased friend. In the will, Carlo Conti asks them to complete a project he always dreamed of: a TV show dedicated to Tuscan comedy. They will face the casting and the organization the television program. Unfortunately, they will run into many nut jobs! Set against the background of the 1984 Miner's Strike, 11-year-old Billy Elliot stumbles out of the boxing ring and onto the ballet floor. He faces many trials and triumphs as he strives to conquer his family's set ways, inner conflict, and standing on his toes. As Jon makes a run for it, he finds himself on an expedition across the Southwest, where he encounters wild and crazy characters through a series of twisted and dark foibles. While his misadventure teaches him a valuable lesson about friendship and loyalty, the Mortician carries the story home with more than a few surprises. Mavie is 27 years old and has just moved to the French capital from the provinces. She dreams of a future as a writer but is plagued by doubt and uncertainty. 76-year-old misanthrope Georges runs a bookshop in Paris - or has he merely been forced to take refuge there to escape his past? These are two peculiar creatures indeed. Georges is cynical and no longer expects much from life, while Mavie is still brimming with expectation. Yet something magical happens between them, until Georges' dark secret suddenly catches up with him - and Mavie is caught up in something very different... A man attempts to exit an underground car park. Something doesn't want him to. Prakashan wishes to be a filmmaker. He leaves his wife and kid behind in the village and goes to Kochi to meet his friend Kichu, who, he believes, has earned a name for himself in the industry. When a systems engineer blows the whistle on a dangerous technology, Charlie's Angels from across the globe are called into action, putting their lives on the line to protect society. In the Spring of 2011, Senegal was pitched into crisis when President Abdoulaye Wade decided to change the constitution to allow for a third term. An artist-led youth movement erupted to protect one of Africa' oldest and most stable democracies.  Dreaming the Quiet Man' includes interviews with aficionados of Ford like, Martin, Scorsese, Peter Bogdanovicz, Jim Sheridan, William Dowling,  and Joe McBride. There is mesmeric archive and rare photographs of the making of the film. The main location of the documentary is Ford's ancestral homeland of Connemara, on the west coat of Ireland, where his parents were born. We meet Ford's cousins, the Feeney's who  tell the story of Ford's parent's departure from Ireland after the Great Famine and the young Ford's return to Ireland in 1922 to visit his cousins the Thornton's and saw their house being burned down by the infamous Black and Tans. Ford,  under the pretense of scouting locations for a movie,  gave money to the IRA.  We travel to Portland Maine where Ford grew up and went on to become a director in the first bloom of Hollywood. The boy made it good but Ireland was always on his mind.  Lyon Gaultier is a deserter in the Foreign Legion arriving in the USA entirely hard up. He finds his brother between life and death and his sister-in-law without the money needed to heal her husband and to maintain her child. To earn the money needed, Gaultier decides to take part in some very dangerous clandestine fights. Status Quo are one of Britain's longest-lived bands, staying together for over 40 years. During much of that time, the band was only successful in the U.K., where it racked up a string of Top Ten singles across the decades. A documentary about the progress of film. A veteran actress comes face-to-face with an uncomfortable reflection of herself when she agrees to take part in a revival of the play that launched her career 20 years earlier. Dr. Edward Meade and friend Richard Burton both love Sylvia Norcross. Both enlist in the military, but Meade stays back to care for deformed children. Sylvia thinks him a coward and marries Burton. After Burton is presumed dead, Meade and Sylvia are to wed, but Burton returns maimed and scarred.  Join Barbie in a colourful, modern-day fairytale filled with fashion, friends and fun! Barbie and her dog Sequin jet off to visit her Aunt's amazing fashion house in Paris, and much to her surprise it's about to be shut down forever. After she discovers three enchanting Flairies with sparkle-magic powers, Barbie comes up with a brilliant idea to save the business. She even inspires Alice, a shy fashion designer, and together they create a dazzling runway fashion show. Barbie shows that magic happens when you believe in yourself.  A group of high schoolers try to spend their last night together before they Graduate but are interrupted by a KNOCK at the door. When they answer the door, they find a doll, and a clue telling them how to survive the night. At first, they don't suspect anything until it results in one of them being brutally murdered, leaving behind another clue. Witty, playful and utterly magical, the story is a compelling romantic adventure in which Rosalind and Orlando's celebrated courtship is played out against a backdrop of political rivalry, banishment and exile in the Forest of Arden - set in 19th-century Japan. A young boy wins a tour through the most magnificent chocolate factory in the world, led by the world's most unusual candy maker. Lola receives a phone call from her boyfriend Manni. He lost 100,000 DM in a subway train that belongs to a very bad guy. She has 20 minutes to raise this amount and meet Manni. Otherwise, he will rob a store to get the money. Three different alternatives may happen depending on some minor event along Lola's run. No overview found 'A Mediocre Time' with Tom and Dan' was becoming a hit podcast...until big radio made them shut it down. Now, after quitting their terrestrial radio jobs and making the podcast a career, they will embark on their biggest event yet: showcasing their podcast at the Hard Rock Live! Chandu, a swindler, falls in love with Shalini and tries to impress her uncle. When he manages to do so, she tells him that in order to win her over, he must mend his ways. The D'Souza and the Chaddha families are neighbors and have been good friends for as long as they can remember, and despite their diverse religion and cultural beliefs, celebrate Diwali and...  Dr. Nawariyan (Dr. nvriyn) is a 2017 Sri Lankan Sinhala action, comedy film directed by Ranjan Ramanayake and produced by Ranjan himself with Flash Entertainment. It stars Ranjan Ramanayake and Ruwangi Rathnayake in lead roles along with Rex Kodippili, Sriyani Amarasena and Sarath Chandrasiri. The film has influenced by 2003 Bollywood film Munna Bhai M.B.B.S.  Alan Partridge has had many ups and downs in life--national television broadcaster; responsible for killing a guest on live TV; local radio broadcaster; nervous breakdown in Dundee; and a self-published book that was subsequently recalled and pulped. Alan tries to salvage his public career while negotiating a potentially violent turn of events at North Norfolk Digital Radio.  An unpredictable comedy set in modern-day Romania, Ghinionistul follows a down on his luck protagonist who tries to be in time for an audition but obstacle after obstacle gets in his way.  Gandarrapiddo: The Revenger Squad is the story of Gandarra, Rapiddo, and Kweenie, who are all trying to attain and protect what is most precious to them. Family is the only thing that binds them, but as they stick to their separate missions, dark secrets arise and threaten to destroy everything they hold dear. A family is on the brink of disintegration because its core foundation is missing. A Palanca-winning comedy about gay best friends for life John (Joross Gamboa) and Mark (Edgar Allan Guzman) whose friendship is put to the test when one of them has a terminal illness and asks the other to help him stage his fake death, wake, and funeral as his dying wish. The result is a laughfest of "deadly" proportions. A crazy squirrel provokes a dog into trying to catch him throughout the picture. Jade, a successful freelance photographer is hopelessly in love with her best friend of 10 years, bar manager Danny. She discovers through several challenging encounters both personally and professionally that the one thing keeping them from happy ever after is her inherent beauty - her complexion and skin tone. Her shade. A police officer faces a personal meltdown following a divorce and the death of his mother. Three 17-year-old girlfriends get a job at the Toy Depot for the holiday season and become smitten with the guys who work alongside them.  A quirky internet star, a pair of retired gangsters, and the black sheep of a prolific family of herbalists are a few of the oddball tenants that call the dilapidated apartments of Humble Grove home. Fearful of being locked out by a ruthless property developer with his eye on the building, they've stayed inside for years. So, when supernatural incidents befall them all on one night, instead of running, they turn to flamboyant ghost hunter Golden Ling to perform a most unusual exorcism. In a remote and dark place in the outback of Western Australia, the wanted man Leon Murphey (Ben Mortley) leaves his family in a bid to ensure their safety. While being transported by Captain Dalton (Michael Muntz), Leon's daughter is captured by the cruel Maitland (Steve Turner). The journey soon becomes a chaotic tale of revenge and murder within the ever-changing terrain of Western Australia. Angela Cristina, mother of teenager Maria de Lourdes, has to deal with the difficulties and delights of guiding her daughter during one of the most complicated stages of life. Riga in the 30s. Wild bohemian lifestyle is the name of the game for every artist worth his salt. A young man from the countryside, poor but ambitious, arrives in the capital, where he hopes to make his mark in the artistic circles. What follows is a string of events, fraught with confusion and misunderstanding, hilarious and heart-warming at the same time. Skiing has arrived. MSP Films takes you inside the action with "THE WAY I SEE IT," featuring several unique perspectives on the progression that took place during the winter of 2010. The winner of Powder Magazine's 2009 "Movie of the Year" brings you the best athletes on the planet sharing their points of view on what it means to be a skier and backing up their positions with hard-charging action. The MSP team traveled the globe in search of what makes this sport so special... the adventure, the passion, the camaraderie, and the fun. "THE WAY I SEE IT" showcases the greatest deep powder, steep lines, and massive park features from British Columbia, Japan, Alaska, Colorado, Switzerland, Idaho, Washington, and many other locations worldwide. Featuring the skiing of: Mark Abma, Sean Pettit, Eric Hjorleifson, Henrik Windstedt, Bobby Brown, Colby West, James Heim, Richard Permin, Cody Townsend, Rory Bushfield, Ingrid Backstrom, Gus Kenworthy, Jacob Wester, Russ Henshaw, and others. At the age of 35, Ece is the assistant general manager of a company that produces baby diapers. There is a happy relationship with her lover Alper. Because of Ece, they can not get married. At this very moment, the 10-year-old Ruzgar, a snatching gang member who unexpectedly enters their lives, will change everything. The heroes who try to beat the street gang are thrown into an adventure that will make them a great family.  Ferhat is a spoiled man who takes over his father's company. Ferhat's right hand is his childhood friend, the company's finance manager, Gokhan. They are not very kind to their employees. One day they will be friends with the restaurant owner. Ferhat falls in love with the restaurant owner's daughter Elif. But Elif is not a delicate and pure young girl. Her career, her hard character, and her witless intelligence, which are full of special trainings and superior services, will make Ferhat much more difficult. The acclaimed Greek director returns with a bittersweet story about the need for human contact. Two men are hired to keep watch on a home in Athens, where a room is illegally built. They will meet many passers-by, some of whom are in fact building inspectors attempting to catch them in the act. Trek follows a young Mormon teenager named Tom and his friends on their handcart journey. Along the way they try to smuggle in unsanctioned food, battle sibling rivalry, encounter a "special ops" Young Men's leader, match wits with a twinkie-loving skunk, and ponder doctrinal brain teasers like, "Do general Authorities go to PG-13 movies?" But, when they encounter unexpected trouble, their faith is tested much like their pioneer ancestors. Set in Ireland, a family moves to a new city neighborhood, taking residence in a large, old house that is rumored to have a dodgy past. Driven by the desire for the huge reward, Tang Ren (by Wang Baoqiang) tricked Qin Feng (by Liu Haoran) to New York, to attend the World Detective Contest,. Later on, behind the crazy competition, Qin and Tang discovered the real hidden facts of this contest. In coastal Cornwall, England, during the early 19th Century, a young woman discovers that she's living with a gang of criminals who arrange shipwrecking for profit. Over the course of a summer, two teenage girls develop the perfect kindred spirit friendship, with one big problem: one of them is dating the other's ex. Krishna is a happy-go-lucky first year engineering student with not a care in life. He falls in love with his senior Meera who's a do-gooder and urges him to tap into the unseen side of him. But what happens when an unforeseen incident brings a change in him that even she couldn't predict? When their arch nemesis comes back into the light, cops McGraw and Higgs will do anything to keep Samir from completing his plan and achieving world domination. Right before his daughter's wedding, a mild-mannered foot doctor discovers that his new in-laws are international smugglers. Jailed for his reckless driving, rambunctious Mr. Toad has to escape from prison when his beloved Toad Hall comes under threat from the wily weasels, who plan to build a dog food factory on the very meadow sold to them by Toad himself. This fantastic roller-coaster ride of hilarious adventures was both written and directed by Terry Jones, who also plays the central role of Mr. Toad. Alongside three former Pythons are a gallery of well-known faces all bringing wit and wonder to a feast of colourful characters. An absolutely charming film to delight children and adults alike, The Wind in the Willows is a perfect updating of Kenneth Grahame's well-loved children's classic. Top agent Mr. Chan (Dayo Wong) suddenly finds himself removed from duties after his partner Wonder Child unintentionally offends a policewoman, Ms. Shek. But when a financial officer goes crazy due to drugs, Mr. Chan is called back in to solve the case, which he accepts even though this means partnering up with Ms. Shek. The two have some ups and downs while working together, eventually leading to romance. The shenanigans of a good-hearted goon and his chums as they try to earn some quick money in the world of local crime in Kerala. On the eve of the Chinese New Year, three strangers, Crystal Shackleford, married to a wealthy philanderer; Jerome Artbutny, an outwardly respectable judge; and Johnny West, a seedy sneak thief, make a pact before a small statue of the Chinese goddess of Destiny. The threesome agree to purchase a sweepstakes ticket and share whatever winnings might accrue. The story of life of Haj Ahmad Abachi who gives the money of his house's rental as Shabash in his niece's wedding night. Internet songwriter Chow (Cherry Ngan) is gifted with an extraordinary retentive memory. She never forgets anything she has heard. One day, she was kidnapped by Yung (Ronald Cheng), a street punk, to a remote fish raft so desolate that an escape plan seems to be a mission impossible. In the hope to flee with the only ability she has, Chow offers to give a spiritual music therapy to the rather maniacal kidnapper. What happens next is beyond anyone's imagination - the two who have nothing in common begin to form an intimate bond and connection through music. More than that, Chow finds immense inspirations on this "floating stage", while discovering the incredible singing voice and vocal range in Yung - a seemingly hopeless criminal can also possess a voice as captivating as the sound of nature... In Providence, Rhode Island, habitually widowed Atalanta pays a visit to her second-rate lawyer Barry Dragonetti. Intending to settle her latest husband's affairs, this larger-than-life Greek tightwad quickly becomes a nightmare for her cheesy, self-aggrandizing attorney. Tricked into joining the RAF by a wily judge, wide boy Horace Pope sets his sights on the main chance, teams with slow-witted, good-hearted gypsy Pedlar Pascoe, and works up a lucrative racket in conning both his colleagues and the RAF. By means of various devious schemes Pope and Pascoe manage to avoid the front lines until they are sent to France - where they find themselves making unexpected and uncomfortably close contact with the enemy.  Director Franco Zeffirelli's beloved version of one of the most well-known love stories in the English language. Romeo Montague and Juliet Capulet fall in love against the wishes of their feuding families. Driven by their passion, the young lovers defy their destiny and elope, only to suffer the ultimate tragedy. Two Brits--inventor Hengist Pod, and Horse, a brave and cunning fighter--are captured and enslaved by invading Romans and taken to Rome. One of their first encounters in Rome leaves Hengist being mistaken for a fighter, and gets drafted into the Royal Guard to protect Cleopatra. The story follows the adventures of Rita Page, an aspiring showgirl in Las Vegas and his daughter Franchesca completely talentless, in their relentless pursuit of Broadway fame.  After vanquishing the army of the Kauravas, the Pandava Brothers preside over Indraprastha, and Arjun takes a journey to worship Bhagwan Shri Shivji. It is during this journey that he will challenge Devrishi Narad that no one on Earth can instigate him to go against Bhagwan Shri Kishan. Arjun will soon have to mince his words when, on Subhadra's insistence, he will be compelled to take up arms and go to war against Kishanji in order to protect Chitrasen - who had inadvertently offended Sage Gabal - leading to Kishanji's decision to behead the former with his Sudarshan Chakra. Between personal obligations and training for his next big fight against an opponent with ties to his family's past, Adonis Creed is up against the challenge of his life. After mistakenly going to jail, Maria makes friends with a woman whose kids live in the streets and Maria gets the idea to help them.  Ye Re Ye Re Paisa 2 (English: Let money come) is an Indian Marathi language comedy drama film directed by Hemant Dhome and bankrolled by Ameya Vinod Khopkar, Purple Bull Entertainment, Trance VFX Studios Pvt Ltd and Panorama Studios. Story of the life of silent-screen actress Olive Thomas, the wife of Jack Pickford and a former Ziegfeld showgirl. Hailed in her time as one of the most beautiful women in the world, Thomas' rising film career was cut short by her tragic, and controversial, death at age 25. A single mother struggle to find balance between her successful career as lawyer and raising her only daughter. Becca and Jason might save the world, or destroy it. The husband-and-wife design team have created "Your Friends Close," a video game which forces you to choose between collaboration and backstabbing in a high stakes multi-player competition. At a party celebrating the sale of their game, a sudden betrayal creates an opportunity for one close friend to share in their life-changing success. But at what cost?  A suspenseful, intimate drama with dark comedic elements and a generous dash of science fiction. Hitch, the most popular Rideshare app, has created safe rides for millions. At least, that's what they want you to think. It was only a matter of time before the story went public. The story of that one night. That one, horrific night.  Young Youtuber David Baker is invited by Carol, a lonely woman, to investigate supernatural occurrences in her home. But it takes a turn as he slowly uncovers that things aren't what they seem. Raising each other's child as their own was a decision that Raju and Rao made when they swapped their newborns at the hospital. But what happens when they grow up is beyond the control of their respective fathers. Ullaas is a cunning guy who can go to any extent for money. One fine day, he cheats a priest and redirects an NRI match which is supposed to go to a known person in his village. He manages everything and finally ties the knot with Laya. The twist in the tale arises when Ullaas comes to know that the NRI girl he married is a complete alcoholic. Rest of the story is as to how Sunil manages to get his problematic wife back on track. Chin Chye and Malik are two men with different backgrounds and ambitions, but they do have one thing in common - both of them are hardcore supporters of the Malaysian national football team, Harimau Malaya. They also possess the same goal, which is to watch a live football match between Thailand and Malaysia. The movie for Non Non Biyori series, the story about the vacation trip.   A funny story of Lviv batiars (noble tramps) who live with the slogan: "To love Lviv, women and jokes". To make their life bright, they resort to various adventures, while remaining positive heroes. Unexpectedly the batiars become guardians of a young beauty and their adventures are gaining new momentum. The film's events take place in Lviv in 1938-1939. Yuan Shuai, a debt-ridden animal-breeder, tries to get out of his financial predicament by finding a wealthy girlfriend through matchmaking dates. He unexpectedly meets and fall in love with the fox demon, Bai Xianchu, who has arrived to the mortal realm to repay her gratitude. However, the head of the Demon tribe Yun Zhonghe forbids a love relationship between a demon and a human; and takes Bai Xianchu away. To seek his lover, Yuan Shuai bravely crashes the demonic world.  Gujjubhai and his son Khagesh try a shortcut to earn money which gets them into trouble with terrorists and cops. The Bra tells the story of the lonely and soon to be pensioned train driver Nurlan. On his last day of work his train hits a clothes line and snags a white bra with blue dots with it. Determined to find the owner, Nurlan leaves no stone unturned and embarks on a dazzling journey through the neighbourhoods of Baku, trying to convince as many women as possible to try on the lost bra. The boys are back. Comedy team of 4 beloved actors of improvisation theater KITAS KAMPAS are returning to a new film. This time they are going to class reunion. A local toughie is hired as a bodyguard to protect a girl from the rivals of her family and becomes a natural target for her enemies. In the process, he ends up falling in love with her. Beldar and Sonja, a couple of thieves belonging to the legendary world of sword and sorcery, steal a precious stone shaped like a human heart in the gloomy crypt of the Order of the Thousand Eyes, an evil sect of powerful wizards. To flee the scene realize that the gem is cursed and sent them his spell. After losing consciousness, Beldar awakens in another world, metamorphosed into the body of a teenager of sixteen Madrid eaten by acne. A don sends three criminals to recover a treasure buried by his grandfather in a village. A fourth criminal joins the trio en route, and they decide to hoodwink the don and share the treasure between themselves. A suicidal high school student, a ramen shop owner closing shop after the passing of his wife, and a cuisine researcher stranded in the Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region get connected due to a bowl of ramen. A reclusive woman sees a homeless man drawing with chalk on the sidewalk. She takes pity and invites him in, only to realize he can't stop painting pictures. That was many years ago. 8 members of JKT48 got lost in the zoo, and when they return to theatre, they find out that their theatre has been taken by Miss Kejora, who create a rival group. They must find a way to get the theatre back, Ditsy, Directionless, Dumped. Penny's life's a disaster, but she won't give up on love. 'Mohenjodaro Aarappa..?' is a Malayalam film directed by Anoop Daiwa. The comedy film is produced by Rajesh Singapore. Production House: Trivandrum Brothers. Year : 2015 Now settled into married life, Pervez and Sheikh jump at the chance to travel to Turkey with their wives to visit Pervez's well-to-do brother-in-law, Rahat. Enzo and Monica, after a brief moment of popularity for having participated in a reality show, decide to marry. Monica dreams a perfect marriage: everything has to be special. But special things are often the most expensive ones. Zhu Ge Liang stars as Wang Fu Gui, the 18th generation master of Baoping Temple. Despite his auspicious name, Wang is in reality a hopeless gambler who never wins. After going broke, he moves south in hopes of mooching off his wealthy brother-in-law (Namewee), but as life would have it, his brother-in-law suffers a stroke. Wang's luck takes another turn, however, when he meets female ghost Lin Qing Xia (Amber An), a famous singer who died 30 years ago. Wang utilizes Qing Xia's powers to help others, earning him the reputation of being a living deity. Meanwhile, Qing Xia wants Wang to help resolve her grudge. The documentary entitled "Graduating Peter" follows the journey of a young boy with Down Syndrome as he makes the transition from middle school through high school and into the real world. Carved from over 1,200 hours of footage spanning the band's career, Pearl Jam: Twenty is the definitive portrait of Pearl Jam. Part concert film, part intimate insider-hang, and part testimonial to the power of music. Nearly a year has gone by since the passing of Grandma, and the Zheng family is busy preparing for memorial rituals. Hwa Jia (Crowd Lu) gets discharged from military service and happily reunites with Wei (Vera Yen). The next morning, Wei's parents catch them in bed together and flip out. Wei's angry parents confront Hwa Jia's family, and the whole meeting turns into a farcical mess. Faced with an unprecedented crisis, Hwa Jia must figure out how to save himself and his family. Part of TTV's acclaimed Qseries imprint, the quirky and moving family series A Boy Named Flora A (2017) turned into one of Taiwan's biggest television hits of 2017. The cast and crew return with more family love and laughs in the 2018 feature film Back to the Good Times (2018), directed by Yu Ning Chu. Released during the Chinese New Year period, the film follows the post-military life of protagonist Hwa Jia, played by popular singer-songwriter Crowd Lu In "The Wedding Party" sequel, Nonso has continued his romance with Deirdre, the bridesmaid from London. Nonso manages to propose by accident, while on a dinner date, and sets off a chain of events too powerful to stop. Buddies Meng Yun and Yu Fei break up with their girlfriends and indulge themselves in living the bachelor lifestyle again.  However, as their ex-girlfriends reemerge in their lives, their "Single Plan" starts to unravel! Four policemen go undercover and infiltrate a gang of football hooligans hoping to route out their leaders. For one of the four, the line between 'job' and 'yob' becomes more unclear as time passes . . . Sinisa Mesjak, an arrogant and ambitious politician on the rise, finds himself in the middle of a scandal. To hide him from the public, the president appoints him as the commissioner of Croatian government on the furthest settled island Trecic, where he is tasked with the organization of local elections. The previous seven commissioners haven't succeeded.  Follows the journey of a 90-year-old atheist and the quirky characters that inhabit his off-the-map desert town. He finds himself at the precipice of life, thrust into a journey of self-exploration.   A British Midnight Cowboy, in the spirit of Bill Forsyth, Frettin' is the story of two self-elected outcasts, busker Jake (Shields) and sales rep' Tim (Spencer). They live on the fringes of society, just down by the cut (the canal), getting into mischief.  Part 2 of 6 for the final chapter of Girls und Panzer series. Some people will do anything to secure an American visa, as hard as that might be. Some enter lotteries, others beg friends and families to invite them. Others still, just sneak in and hope Mr Trump doesn't notice they are there. But in this raucous comedy, one Egyptian couple come up with a splendid wheeze. With twin babies due any minute, and all other efforts to secure citizenship fail, the couple decide to storm the US Embassy in Cairo and give birth there. Surely that will mean the babies are born as Americans, right? Well, er, no. As you might expect, things don't quite go according to plan... Young Pud is orphaned and left in the care of his aged grandparents. The boy and his grandfather are inseparable. Gramps is concerned for Pud's future and wary of a scheming relative who seeks custody of the child. One day Mr. Brink, an agent of Death, arrives to take Gramps "to the land where the woodbine twineth." Through a bit of trickery, Gramps confines Mr. Brink, and thus Death, to the branches of a large apple tree, giving Gramps extra time to resolve issues about Pud's future. Kush, a gynaecologist and a playboy refuses his family's wishes to marry because his freedom will be curtailed if he marries. He later marries Khushi, an innocent girl while acting as if he is also an innocent guy in front of her family. A youngster has a nightmare and gets the shock of his life when the events from the dream start happening in his real life. A man wakes up and discovers his nose is missing. In the absurdist story he tries to find it. The story is based on the novel The Nose (1836) from Nikolaj Gogol. Gopalam is a small-time tailor who dreams of becoming a fashion designer. In order to make it big, he traps a rich girl in his village. This is also the time when yet another rich girl called Ammulu falls head over heels for Gopalam. Seeing this, he too gets involved in the relationship. But the twist in the tale arises when a rich NRI enters the scene. Once again, Gopalam changes track and traps her somehow. Now, he is stuck between the three girls and rest of the story is as to whom does he end up with at the end. Locked in a school closet during Halloween 1962, young Frank witnesses the ghost of a young girl and the man who murdered her years ago. Shortly afterward he finds himself stalked by the killer and is soon drawn to an old house where a mysterious Lady In White lives. As he discovers the secret of the woman he soon finds that the killer may be someone close to him.  Dr. Sunil Sharma runs two clinics in rural India - mainly for the benefit of poor and needy people. He advertises in the newspapers for a qualified nurse, who must be single, and be willing to work long hours. A young and attractive woman named Aarti Saxena responds to his advertisement, is successful in the interview, and gets hired. Sunil finds himself getting attracted to Aarti, and mentions about her to his mother. His mother visits the clinic and approves of Aarti. She would like Aarti and Sunil to marry as quickly as possible. What Sunil and his mother do not know that Aarti has a sordid past - she has been disbarred from the nursing profession; she is married, and has a child by the name of Bulbul; and had assaulted a patient named Kamal Nath, when he expressed dissatisfaction with her work. Will Aarti be honest enough to tell Sunil about her past - or will she just refuse to marry him. A forgetful young man falls in love with a girl whose father hates his condition. Notty K encounters strange events on his visit to Italy to bring back Samira to reunite her with her family . Dan and Phil's stage show "The Amazing Tour Is Not On Fire" comes to YouTube as a live performance movie on October 5th!  Inspired by the best of their videos, live and interactive with a real audience--along with some surprises you'll never see coming. With nothing off-limits, David Cross is unapologetic, insightful, and biting in his Netflix original stand-up comedy special, MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. Filmed live at The Paramount Theatre in Austin, TX, Cross takes aim the current political landscape.  Individually, bank employees Sanjay and Karina don't earn enough to be able to buy a home, so they decide to enter into a marriage of convenience. Kaatteri is an upcoming tamil comedy horror movie, written and directed by Deekay, A constable who prefers to mind his own business gets into a situation where he has to hide from a most-wanted gangster. Pakka Plan 2016 Telugu Movie On New Year Eve a girl with a scythe is going through winter Moscow. Who is she looking for?.. Chaitanya and Anu are neighbours who fall for each other. However their path towards marriage is far from easy. A haughty would-be mother-in-law complicates the proceedings. The couple put up a united front to clear their roadblocks. The story mainly builds on confusion and how that creates a huge humorous ruckus that will leave its audience in splits. A mad scientist unleashes three mischievous little creatures to spread terror on mankind in this loving homage to the little monster movies of the past. Three female friends find out they can make fortunes from exposing cheating husbands and boyfriends after making tons of cash unexpectedly from reporting a cheating husband to the wife. They quit their ushering job to set up "Sidechic Gang" - an agency solely dedicated to clamping down the side chick menace. The seven old friends decide to come together for dinner. Everyone is seated at the table, chatting, eating laughing accompaniment. During the meal, it is decided to play a game. The game is pretty simple; everyone will put their phones on the desk, every incoming message and notification will be read aloud. Their relationship begins to deteriorate. The group who thinks they are very close friends for so long are in fact alien to each other. A story about young people against the institution of marriage in society. The story evolves into a greater story which revolutionizes the culture in the country. There's two great loves in Anya's life, her athlete  boyfriend Zhenya and food. Zhenya is not happy how Anya has been gaining weight due to her eating habits and decides to dump her. But Anya doesn't want to give up and decides to get rid of excess weight with the help of Nikolai, an overweight man obsessed with the healthy living. High school girl, green was the leader of a female gang fight galore, of losing knowing since I was a kid, but it was unrelated to dominate the Academy as "Oniyakko-kai". Led by Ranko, Oniyakko-kai had to mediation as a "toy" to the president and principal of a high school girl in the back. By attacked by a principal, helped HARUE that has ran for his life from the demon guy Association, green day is made to wind up have a one-on-one battle and Ranko.  Leandra is in the mid-30s: she wants to get married and have children, but she does not have a boyfriend. Her sister, Sonia, is married and has two children, but all she wants is a night of fun with her best friend, Marinati - a workaholic lawyer who went to fall in love just when her career is on the rise. Marinati is Keka's boss, who is looking forward to the trip she's scheduled to save her marriage. A conservative lawyer named Diane takes her two teenage children Jake and Zoe to meet their estranged, hippie grandmother in Woodstock after her husband asks for a divorce. After a drinking contest with some questionable local spirits, three friends wake naked on a beach to discover two are handcuffed to a locked suitcase, one has a strange new tattoo, and none of them have any clue what happened the night before. When they soon find themselves pursued by local gangsters, their only shot at making it home - and to the altar - is to piece together the previous night's events while on the run. Hozuki-san Chi no Aneki is a brother-sister romantic comedy that follows the daily life of Goro Hozuki, a high school boy with an older sister named Haru who is unrelated by blood. Goro is mortified when the self-centered and lustful Haru plays pranks on him.  When his lawyer wife, Sofia, becomes pregnant, chronic underachiever Tom Reilly must take a job at his father-in-law's advertising firm. Tom has to adjust to the demands of a very high-powered job, and he finds himself in an increasingly hostile office rivalry with Chip, Sofia's paraplegic former lover. A hooker, a bank robber and an innocent young woman clash over love and loot from a robbery. Vicky The Devil is an urban Cinderella drag queen in the quest for a prince charming and her own "happy ending". One night, Vicky gets hit by Concepcion's car, an ultra conservative retired teacher addicted to casino slot machines. Despite belonging to opposite worlds, Vicky and Concepcion will become close friends. Their friendship will put to the test when Vicky's dark side shows its head.   A deranged serial killer known as "Clownface" terrorises the residents of a small town. Three teenage friends get in way over their head when they cross a down-home crime syndicate. They hope to make a break for it and escape their dead-end existence in a cotton-mill town but get sucked into the seedy underbelly of organized crime when one of them steals from the wrong man. The stories of the two couples who sign up for marriage narrate, but the bustle of the nobles turns into an unexpected event and ultimately binds the lives of two couples! Omid happily celebrates his birthday with his wife and her family at a beautiful villa near the Caspian Sea. A phone call from Omid's ex-wife puts the festivities on hold as she drops a bombshell that threatens to unravel the new life he is trying to lead. Written by Iranian playwright Mohammad Yaghoubi, this insightful drama tackles marital and social issues with sharp dialogue and knowing humor. Two couples go to a mutual friends wedding, and end up swapping partners. The film Babuji Ek Ticket Bambai is an attempt to draw the focus on how a dying scared culture deprived of support from the various sections can metamorphose into current corrupt form. The film reflects the dehumanizing situation that the commercially sexually exploited women (CSEW) face in our country. Horticulture professor Happy arrives in Shanghai and the other Happy along with husband Guddu also lands up in the Chinese city at the same time. Gangsters who've come to kidnap Happy and her husband, pick up the wrong Happy, while Guddu and his wife Happy are escorted to a university to deliver a lecture. Four Lithuania's founding fathers suddenly come back to life 100 years later after signing Lithuania's declaration of independence. Now it's stored somewhere in Berlin's archives, and they are on a mission to get it back.  Twin brothers -- one rough and tough, the other a city-bred milquetoast -- compete for their father's fortune. A cat named Blanket has long been living in a high-rise apartment in the city with his son, Cloak. One day, curious about the outside world, Cloak decides to leave home and embarks on an adventure to find the legendary cat's paradise. To find his son, Blanket must overcome his fear and reconcile with his past, with the help of a female Macaw. Vara is an orphan, vagabond valet driver who has a massive pile-up of debt to pay. Julie is the quintessential rich girl he loves to stalk. But when their relationship goes south and he ends up embroiled in a comedy of errors, how will Vara cope? Bob Morrison, a successful composer of TV commercial jungles, is unhappy with his his lack of creative freedom in developing the definitive dog-food song. Frustrated, he heads out to Hollywood to score a movie. While in California, he establishes contact with an old girlfriend. When aspiring model Jesse moves to Los Angeles, her youth and vitality are devoured by a group of beauty-obsessed women who will take any means necessary to get what she has. A man falls in love with a ghost spirit of his girlfriend. Otavio and Gilda are a very wealthy couple of the Brazilian elite who have the habit of eating their employees. Otavio owns a private security company and is a notable member of The Cannibal Club. When Gilda accidentally discovers a secret from Borges, a powerful congressman and the Club's leader, her and her husband's lives are in grave danger. A country football coach who has a plan to rebuild the local football team by recruiting recently settled asylum seekers.  Story about five Rajinikanth fans and their journey. The film deals with four men who rob a bank to pay tens of millions of debts one of them to Iceland's most dangerous man, Gulla's car dealership. To help Arnari out of the pinch, his three friends decide to help him rob robbery, gripped and armed. What could possibly go wrong? Single mother Tyree Battle struggles to keep her young son Thaniel away from the gang-plagued city streets that he is mixed up in. Under severe gang pressure, Thaniel accidentally shoots Jewish shopkeeper Eli Zeal in a botched robbery attempt. Tyree, protecting her son from the law, kidnaps Eli and flees to her hometown of Waterproof. Sex sells in America and these guys know it. The Amateurs follows a small town band of loveable losers who hit upon an idea that can make their dreams and fantasies come true. Thinking they've found the road to riches and fame they decide to make the world's most innocent adult film. Everyman's fantasy turns into a hilarious misadventure when they find they're in way over their heads. Desimar is the owner of Inferninho, a dark and run-down bar that is refuge of dreams and fantasies. Her dream is to leave everything behind and go away to any distant land, as far as possible from that place. Falling in love with Jarbas, the handsome sailor that arrives at the bar, dreaming of finding home, will completely change her life and the lives of the bar employees: Luizianne, the singer; Rabbit, the waiter; and Caixa-Preta, the cleaning lady. A young man is unable to marry the love of his life because of comical complications created by his pompous brothers-in-law and angry to-be father-in-law. In a small city of Brazil, Flor, a cooking teacher, marries Vadinho, a very handsome and erotic man. Once married she finds he is a good-for-nothing who takes all her money to gamble. After his death, Flor misses the goods of the marriage so she marries again with a very correct gentleman - the owner of a drugstore. Now she's very happy with her man, but misses the erotic moments with her previous husband. A musician famous in the 80s thanks to a song, the personification of so many Spanish pop musicians; his best friend, an apparently famous painter, and the crossovers between two worlds where differentiating between truth and illusion doesn't matter: that is the storyline of The Journey to Kyoto. What begins as a tragicomedy about a musician clinging to a distant past where he tasted glory, ends up being a precise metaphor for our day, where we all have the same pretensions of living an old success. Cody McGuire has just returned from an important doctor's appointment, only to find an attractive-but-naive artificially created man on her doorstep named Mr. Perfect. With the help of her best friend Jocelyn Christmas, Cody will have to find Mr. Perfect a new home before he drives her insane. Avanthika is Telugu Horror Comedy flick Made by Sri Raj Balla and starring Poorna, Dhanraj, Shakalaka Shankar, and Sayaji Shinde. The Story plot is about a haunted house where the hero comes and experiencing horrifying things. Two women find out that their husbands are gay lovers. A movie director, a jurist and a boho writer are invited to visit a zoo to create a promotional event. Out there, they discover that the owner of this park mixed genetically different species to create real life dinosaurs. The first enclosures are really disappointing until an electrical failure happens in front of the T-Rex pen, which forces them to run away across the jungle and fight for their survival. Norm and his oldest son travel back to New York to receive the key to the city. Walt doesn't want to be a superhero. Although, his superpower, an imaginary mind-reading man named Marty has other, more exciting plans. Wingman rule number one: don't fall for a client. Things go badly for a hack director and film crew shooting a low budget zombie movie in an abandoned WWII Japanese facility, when they are attacked by real zombies. Private chauffeur Robert picks up a boy from a schoolyard. They spend the day together within the safe environment of the car and share a moment of being together that unfortunately is not obviously. Telugu 2016 Movie  Ruth Duffy is getting by on an assistant's salary at a pricey school for girls in Manhattan, managing to move beyond the trouble and loss of her teenage years. Jonny Collins is working local jobs near the Throgs Neck Bridge in the Bronx. When they cross paths after years apart, Jonny is as consumed with Ruth as he was in their high school days, and he infiltrates her life for love and profit. Avinash, a dejected soul stuck in a dead-end job shares a strange relationship with his father. He holds him responsible for crushing his dreams. However, he is left pondering upon this longstanding hatred when he hears of his father's untimely demise. Tadano is assigned by the chairman Kurokawa to protect and check the personal affairs of a young idol, Sylvia , who is the main character at the "Flower Earth Festival 2008" organized by Denodo. Sylvia has been threatened by someone to resign from the main character role. Tadano starts investigating while supporting Yamanishi, the event organizer. However, Tadano is struck down by a mysterious giant of a man. Yamanishi, who has obtained important information, is murdered, and Sylvia is kidnapped. Tadano realizes that Anzai, Yamanishi's right-hand man who has been eyeing the chairmanship, is the mastermind behind this. Tadano rescues Sylvia and brings her to the event venue. Yemaali is the story of Maali and his brother-from-another-mother, Aravind, and how they plan on killing Maali's ex-girlfriend. They even call the 'project' Yemaali, a wordplay on both their names. But why do they want to kill this girl? Because she broke up with him, of course. Maya struggles with the caramel effect A down-on-his-luck New Orleans private detective investigates the death of a voodoo charlatan, finding himself in the middle of a paranormal murder mystery. Badang is a legendary figure with extreme strength that is well-known in Malaysian folklore. The movie focuses on the character but highlighting him as a superhero instead of just a legendary strongman. Stan is a bumbling slacker who continues to be a popular party animal with no apparent responsibilities. His next-door neighbor loses her dog and the hapless Stan suddenly has purpose in his life. Find the missing pooch.  The subject of the film is exceptionally intriguing. It revolves around a man named Barrack Obama and a man named Osama bin Laden. To win the hand of the middle aged man, the hero, bin Laden needs to cross a few obstacles on his way as he is a Muslim and the man of his dreams is a Christian. The movie "When Obama loved Osama" and remember: Osama bin Stylin on all yall nigs A single mother discovers that her daughter displays signs of autism.  Waiting for April is a romantic, epic cop comedy freely inspired by songs and medieval fables collected by storyteller Michel Faubert. Detective Haffigan investigates a mysterious singing bone, a talisman endowed with dangerous powers, and chased after by a coterie of second-rate outlaws. The bone turns out to be in possession of Mithridate, a seductive actor with a gorilla's right arm. Haffigan expresses romantic interest in the charming comedian, but he rebuffs her, instead setting his sights on Eleonore, a cashier at the Bank of Permanent Fog, who promises to liberate him from the bone's curse.   A patrol officer gets into an accident and his soul gets separated from his body. Desperate to solve the case and return to his beloved girlfriend, but is at his wits' end as a wandering spirit. Unexpectedly he discovers someone who can see him. The story follows a young man on a quest to find his true love in a crowded Karachi neighbourhood. He must overcome the obstacles, both spiritual and physical, to achieve his goals. A serial killer in a bunny rabbit outfit wreaks havok on San Antonio and finds love in the process. In a city owned by local television owner Dragan Zlokovic-Zli, books and culture are banned. The mysterious narrator - Senka, hires three private detectives to overthrow Zlokovic from the media. An overly romantic librarian believes she's found the one after just three dates, but her friends are more concerned with political turmoil, which leads to a right wing coup. Arturo is a 45-year-old tinterillo with a legal advisory office. One day Arturo meets Simon, a 30-year-old man who has the possibility of inheriting a large fortune. The problem ?: Simon has no right to inheritance because it is from a distant family member and the deceased did not leave a will. Arturo will ally himself with Antonia, an accountant with whom she shares an office, in order to claim the inheritance applying the most unexpected techniques, tactics and tricks. When Rogelio Pataquiva is involved in a tremendous national conspiracy and becomes the most wanted man by the authorities, he has to go to his old group of friends he met in the military. He is thus accompanied by the strong Sergeant Mena, the mystic and deceitful Chindicue, the giant Arrechea and Loboguerrero. the aspiring Rambo, starts a wild adventure in the jungle, in the best style of the militia, to find the mysteries Fortress, where a group of mercenaries hides the secret that can prove that Rogelio is innocent and incidentally, save the very same Central Security Agency ...! A group of martian aliens invade earth, but they never expected mexicans to be immune to their multiple attacks. Join Dane and Shavid in a brain-melting journey to the most terrifying vista the human mind has ever encountered: the world of childrens' television. Witness the happy fly dance, purchase the most dangerous contraband, reminisce about beloved TV icons and get extremely moist in a children's show so wrong that it's completely unsuitable for children. The Umbilical Brothers' amazing new live show has been torn off the stage and imprisoned on this disc by lasers. Some cool extras were standing too close and got sucked in as well. A barber has a skirmish with a gangster on the road, and this encounter results in him running all over the city to save himself. A vegetable vendor marries a girl against her father's wish. The couple, with the help of their respective mothers, manage to hide it from the girl's father till she gives birth to a child A happily married man starts suspecting his friend of having an affair with his wife as he finds both of them sharing similar interests. A care-free youngster lands in trouble when he helps his brother to win the lady of his life. When the world's best spy is turned into a pigeon, he must rely on his nerdy tech officer to save the world.  Tells the incredible true story of Amberley Snyder, a nationally ranked rodeo barrel racer who defies the odds after barely surviving a car accident that leaves her paralyzed from the waist down. The film is about how to survive a Christmas eve with siblings, spouses, children, grandmothers and...dogs! For whom does a girl keep rotating? A story of a weird relationship between a child and adults. Thobama is a 2018 Indian Malayalam-language film directed and co-written by Mohsin Kassim, produced by Alphonse Puthren and Sukumaran Thekkeppat. It stars Sharaf U Dheen, Krishna Shankar, and Siju Wilson. Rajesh Murugesan composed the music. Ivan Yarendru Therikiratha is a rom-com about a young man who is born on Valentine's Day and yet, he has not been lucky when it comes to relationships. S. Muthu (aka Smoothu) , who is a pickpocket expert, meets with an accident and after that incident, he starts to suffer from a disease, alien hand syndrome, which means that his left hand wouldn't be under his control. Now, what problems this syndrome creates and how does it bring about a change in Smuthu's life? The film is a story of two childhood friends who live their lives to the fullest. The story focuses on the friendship, love lives and careers of both the friends and how one of them sacrifices his life at the cost of his career. A young, single pastor needs a date for a church dinner, so he hires his neighbor next door, who works as a prostitute, to accompany him. As she becomes more entangled in his life, her demands become more outrageous. Now he must navigate a moral minefield as he uses the unholy alliance to advance his ministry career. And things get more complicated when he starts to fall in love with her. A comedy about people who desperately want to convert each other. Y2K is approaching fast, but Abbie can't get off the couch until he beats an unbeatable level on Pac-Man. Imants Veide is writing a script about con artists and their schemes. Together with his friend Harijs Kuharjonoks he's trying them out for real for greater authenticity, but gets too entangled in real criminal schemes. More and more colorful characters appear on the horizon, but Imant's main adversary on the road to criminal excellency is his Neighbour, a true iron lady with balls bigger than all those involved combined. After the events of Cross Cut, actors Sean and Ginger attempt to leave the entertainment industry but quickly become entangled in another dangerous plot twist. Up and coming screenwriter Chip Long and his understudy, Zane, contrive a new narrative that will soon throw the two actors into a fictional maelstrom of fistfights, chases, vigilante priests, nun assassins and underground metal. As Ginger resists the urge to sign with Chip at Sean's insistence, Sean becomes a scribe of his own to enter battle with Chip over an epic yet impromptu script spanning from Texas to Disneyland. As the writers come head to head via their competing visions, only one author can claim victory as real bodies begin to pile up and fact and fiction become more and more blurred in this darkly comical and fantastic adventure. A privileged young male Arab at odds with his cultural identity and his less fortunate street smart friend; a disillusioned Indian taxi driver who bears an uncanny resemblance to a famous Bollywood star; and a former Romanian ballet dancer now working as a flight attendant and searching for love and companionship ... these individuals all live in Dubai and their lives are about to collide for better or for worse in a city where ambition, growth and opportunity are encouraged and dreams can still manifest. "City of Life" is an urban drama that tracks the various intersections of a multi-ethnic cast, examining how random interactions and their consequences can irrevocably impact another's life. The Perfect Cappuccino is a documentary about of one woman's obsession with finding that perfect blend of espresso and milk. It was a short relationship. He, who was reading Hamlet in a restaurant meets her, when she comes to him and recites an excerpt from the book. After all, they pass all day long together, him, without knowing her name - not because of the many times he asked her. Two strangers living and having fun, singing the song of their youth, but it still remains one question he wouldn't be able to answer himself: "who would be her?" Hibiscus (Suivai Pilisipi Autagavaia, from short film Manurewa) and the take no nonsense Ruth (Anna-Maree Thomas) have been friends since school. But now Hibiscus is in her final year of university, and her domineering mother doesn't want any boyfriends getting in the way; so Hibiscus enlists Ruth's help, to handle the temptations of a line of potential suitors.  The film tells the story of the Michelucci family, from the nineteen-seventies to the present day: the central character is the stunningly beautiful Anna, the lively, frivolous and sometimes embarrassing mother of Bruno and Valeria. Everything begins in the Summer of 1971, at the annual Summer beauty pageant held at Livorno's most popular bathing establishment. Anna is unexpectedly crowned "Most Beautiful Mother", unwittingly stirring the violent jealousy of her husband. From then on, chaos strikes the family and for Anna, Bruno and his sister Valeria, it is the start of an adventure that will only end thirty years later. Bruno ends up living in Milan after managing to escape from Livorno and his mother. He will return to his hometown at the end of the film to be at his mother's side during her very last days. Binu Sebastian, a small-time advocate, makes his living by taking up petty cases and leads a simple life. His life takes a drastic turn when he stumbles upon a sensational case and decides to take it up. A version of Shakespeare's play, set in the world of warring indoor and outdoor gnomes. Garden gnomes Gnomeo and Juliet have as many obstacles to overcome as their quasi namesakes when they are caught up in a feud between neighbors. But with plastic pink flamingos and lawnmower races in the mix, can this young couple find lasting happiness? James Carr is a hotshot movie producer. His girlfriend Shandi is a hot commodity.  A romantic getaway, with plans of making her a star, goes awry when Shandi is kidnapped and forced into an underground adult film company called HIGHSPEED FLAMINGO, run by the eccentric Purple Hat Tom and his bumbling partner Bobby Lagoon.  Now with the assistance of a lazy bartender and sexy secret agent and rock star Genevieve Anastasio, it's life or death for James to save the day and get the girl in this lightning-paced action comedy! Maria and her four best friends get a chance to live their dreams and compete on their favorite talent show because of a viral video that rocketed them to instant fame. Simplicity is a music and dance infused light hearted comedy with lovable relatable characters and unforgettable one-liners. Guaranteed fun for the whole family. Four friends rent a VIP island resort during storm season in hopes to save some money on their wedding. Wannabe "gangsta-rappers" resort to a crime spree in order to come up up with ten thousand dollars in order to finance a studio recording session. The story of Jesse and Celeste who meets at an unexpected time in their lives. They then realize their names are the same as the characters in the popular break-up romantic comedy, Celeste and Jesse Forever. An ambitious youngster lands in trouble after making forged documents to earn money. A cop promises to let him go if he coughs up a huge sum, but the guy ends up kidnapping a girl, which makes things worse. Arbuckle escapes the watch of his domineering wife and heads for Coney Island. Keaton arrives that same day with his attractive, and rather easy, girlfriend, who is immediately stolen from him by St. John. Filmed live from the beautiful Capitol Theatre in Sydney, let Arj Get in Your Head - What are you waiting for? Hop on in and lets ride. There's plenty of room in here. Join me and together well contemplate everything from the social evolution of humanity, to the intriguing and elusive nature of non-sexually derived boners. Ill even mention fondue at some point, and that's a promise. So take a load off your mind and get into mine already! Join Jimeoin for a night of boot scootin, thigh slappin, tootin and a hootin laughs this side of funnysville. Lightning streaks through the skies as Dalila declares her love to Samson in one of the finest arias of romantic opera. "My heart awakens to your voice like a flower to the kiss of dawn." An enchanting yet treacherous beauty... When the thunder at last rumbles, Dalila betrays Samson and offers him up to his enemies: "Come up, for this time he has shown me all his heart", she whispers to them in the night (The Old Testament, Book of Judges). Based on a violent and erotic biblical story, Saint-Saens's opera - composed in 1877, much to Liszt's insistence - would not be performed at the Palais Garnier until fifteen years later. This first Parisian performance in 1892 included the hitherto unperformed "Dance Of The Priestesses". Nevertheless, it became one of the most performed French operas in the world, together with Faust and Carmen. Conducted by Philippe Jordan, this new production brings back a repertoire masterpiece that has not been performed at the Paris Opera for twenty-five years.  Siva Sithambram (Raja Ganesan), your average next door neighbor's mundane life takes a hilarious turn when a distant relative Pat (King Ratnam) and his family from London decide to stay with him for the duration of their trip to attend a family wedding. Riddled with financial problems, an aging, unmarried daughter and a nagging wife, expectations run sky high in anticipation of the timely arrival of his diasporan guests. But little does he know, that all is not what it seems with the Pat family. Amateur 'chefs' from around the country compete for a million dollar prize in the ultimate food fight. While there is nothing wrong in aspiring for a better life abroad, the means are as equally important as the goal. Making use of forged certificates and lying to the authorities in the desperation for getting a visa will eventually result in nothing but trouble. Remington has escaped the evil cabin, but now the evil continues to follow him wrecking havoc where ever he goes. As Chloe and Revel look for a missing sister that went to the evil cabin in the previous installment. The two meet Vincent, a failing tv show host, to help psychicly contact the missing sister. That's when a gunshot rings out in the night and the three meet Remington. Now they all must battle for their lives against the evil that pursues Remington to once and for all lock the evil away for good. Tomboy and farmgirl Charlene "Charley" Wilson finds fun and adventure with her beloved dog Fuzz and tries to fit in to her small town, while her parents struggle with money and crop production worries. A young woman takes up drug peddling to make money for the treatment of her mom, who has cancer. Already famous, at the top of his career, owner of his own school of etiquette, Cro sees himself alone and without a family. Lonely and vulnerable, he ends up living at the whim of supposed family, Orlando, Marinalva, Luane and Nando, whose intentions are far from the best. With the inseparable Geni, Magda and Jurema by his side, Cro will embark on an adventure to find his true family while constantly avoiding the venom of the top columnist Carlota Valdez. Amin has come from Senegal to work in France, leaving behind his wife Aicha, and their three children. He leads a solitary life in France, where the only space he occupies is his home and the building sites on which he works. Most of his earnings are sent to Senegal. One day, he meets a woman, Gabrielle, and a relationship is born. Jamal and Dex, out of work actors, come to terms with reality when they realize they've been pursuing their dreams for over ten years and still haven't booked a single speaking role. When the two run out of cash and face eviction they hit the pavement in search of a job. With no experience, no skill set and little ambition, the audience gets a front row seat to this hilarious journey in which these two characters can't seem to catch a break Welcome to the world of Dangar Doctor Jelly where chaos reigns when Ravinder Grewal's in-laws pay him a visit at his house. What follows next is utter confusion and a laugh riot. Sudhir, a graduate who is unemployed for several years, finally lands a job by overcoming various obstacles.  In a construction site under the full moon, construction workers dig too deep and inadvertently wake up Joe (Alex Lam), a vampire that has been lying underground for a century. Dazzled by the vibrancy of a modern city at night, Joe wanders around and runs into Apple (J. Arie), a jilted girl planning to kill herself. Eager for a taste of blood, Joe follows her home and helps her and her grandmother get rid of thugs sent by a real estate developer who wish to buy them off. What started as a battle for property turns out to be a battle among vampires. A young resort owner, Tarun, is going through a rough time and tries to deal with disappointments, failures, and struggles of his life. In the process of doing so, he strikes up a great bond with a resort guest, Tanya. Will this bond help them to find a new meaning of love and life? On the outskirts of a kingdom, a quiet but fierce medieval warrior protects the realm from monsters and the occult. His gruesome collection of heads is missing only one - the monster that killed his daughter years ago. Driven by a thirst for revenge, he travels wild expanses on horseback. When his second chance arrives, it's in a way far more horrifying than he ever imagined. The short film is a poetic interpretation of the writer's mental journey during the writing process. The writer, played by Bryan Cranston (AMC's Breaking Bad), creates a woman in his mind, played by Lela Edgar, while working on his next script. After her son Kevin commits a horrific act, troubled mother Eva reflects on her complicated relationship with her disturbed son as he grew from a toddler into a teenager. Following a fall during mistletoe picking, Druid Getafix decides that it is time to secure the future of the village. Accompanied by Asterix and Obelix, he undertakes to travel the Gallic world in search of a talented young druid to transmit the Secret of the Magic Potion. When a mysterious virus breaks out in an isolated army camp, a lazy reservist soldier and his tough commander must work together to survive, and learn what it means to be real soldiers. How far does a soccer fan goes for his beloved national team? Mariano Cardenas will risk his job, wife and family to support his soccer team during the World Cup qualifiers. Dr. Burke Ryan is a successful self-help author and motivational speaker with a secret. While he helps thousands of people cope with tragedy and personal loss, he secretly is unable to overcome the death of his late wife. It's not until Burke meets a fiercely independent florist named Eloise that he is forced to face his past and overcome his demons.  A retired cyber game player recruits a team of rookies to play in the national league. A brother and sister whose relationship isn't the best, go undercover to bust a big drug dealing operation. Their bad relationship makes it very awkward because they have to act like they're husband and wife. Tae-jung, the part-time worker of a DVD room, hides drugs in room #7 in exchange for wiping off his debt. When he goes back to the room to retrieve the drugs but realizes that the door is completely locked down by his employer, who also has secretly hidden a dead body inside. A dangerous battle of wits ensues between a man who must lock away the secret behind the door, and another, who must go inside. Psychotic Angela is itching to do what she does best: slaughter dozens of teenage campers. As luck would have it, the previous site of her murders has been renamed and converted into an experimental summer camp meant to bring together privileged and lower-class teens. On the day the youths are boarding the buses to camp, Angela runs over a potential camper with a garbage truck and assumes her identity. Once she has infiltrated the camp, the real terror begins. Romantic action drama about the life of an easygoing youngster named Surya, whose life take some unexpected turns thanks to the three women he meets along the way. Ranjeet Thadani (Rajat Kapoor), a bored, arrogant music company executive hurts his back the night he has found a prize catch for a weekly bring - your -idiot talent dinner hosted by his friends and him. He ends up spending the evening with this idiot, Bharat Bhushan (Vinay Pathak) who tries to help him get his wife (Sarika) back who left him earlier that day. The result is utter chaos let loose by the idiot, who cannot do a single thing without messing it up further. The plot turns around to be a series of mini disasters that leave Ranjeet's comfortable life in ruins. Call it the idiot's revenge! On 1st April 1996, the Kerala government had taken an initiative to prohibit arrack shops, which had led many alcoholics in awful situations. What follows, is how they prevailed over this change. Disabled Sreekuttan and his buddy Bhavyan are a simpletons without many dreams. However, the duo will not tolerate insults and humiliation. After being disgraced by a newly-joined police officer in their village, they set out to take revenge. Matt is facing the inevitable ending of his youth, and is also alone on his weekly outing in his beloved hometown of Waterloo, Iowa. His best friend and main friend Tanner is now engaged and spending all his time with his fiance. A veteran-turned-mercenary  is hired to take a young woman with a secret from post-apocalyptic Eastern Europe to New York City. A boy's disappointing scores on the college entrance exam bring shame down on his family. Three suburban moms travel to New York City to visit their sons. A newly married couple decide to live together as strangers and as the husband tries to win her by love. Bayu (Bayu Skak) loves Susan (Cut Meyriska). Because he feels inferior with his own mediocre circumstances, Bayu keeps that feeling in his heart. Things change since Susan sent voice chat to Bayu. He thinks Susan is gesturing to be approached. It turns out Susan uses Bayu to help her supply pecel (peanuts salad) for the consumption of her OSIS (student organization) friends. Bayu is determined to make himself more popular than Roy (Indra Wijaya), Susan's boyfriend, school band guitarist. Bayu forms a band with Doni (Joshua Suherman), Yayan (Tutus Thomson), and Nando (Brandon Salim). They name their band Yowis Ben. When Yowis Ben grows up in the music scene of Malang city, the split between Yowis Ben personnel begins to appear.  Marcus is a successful advertising executive who woos and beds women almost at will. After a company merger he finds that his new boss, the ravishing Jacqueline, is treating him in exactly the same way. Completely traumatised by this, his work goes badly downhill. The story begins when Tyler O'Conner, a young gay author, visits a therapist and discovers that he suffers from an anxiety disorder commonly called "Analysis Paralysis" - an inability to take action without imagining the ways that each possible choice could go wrong. The problem is that, unchecked, the condition will lead Tyler into a state of complete inaction. To confront the disorder, Tyler decides to fight through his anxiety and ask his cute neighbor, Shane, out for coffee. Despite a flurry of imagined disasters, the date goes well, and Shane and Tyler ultimately become involved. Against all odds, the relationship moves forward, but not without every step of the way - sex, moving in together, and meeting Shane's parents - preceded by an avalanche of negative, albeit hilarious, fantasies. Despite his long-term relationship, Ernesto also has a fleeting romance with a blonde. Only when he is in danger of losing Paula, through his constant flirting with other women, does he see the consequences of his immature behaviour. In a calm tempo, with meticulous camerawork, the film subtly evokes a mood of nostalgia for a carefree adolescence from which Ernesto and his friends have difficulty taking their leave. The film was supposed to be releasing end of 2017 or beginning of 2018 but got delayed due to cat-fight between two female lead Nusrat and Sayantika, which refused to work together. A cowboy rides into a rich desert mining town where no-one longer needs to work, and stir things up to what may very well be the town's final days.  Eugenio is a real state salesman who's facing a middle life crisis. Cornered by his boss's demands, his girlfriend, and his co workers, he decides to party the night out and "forget about it all at least for one night." Alone and drunk he stumbles into what it looks like a teapot that ended up having the power of granting three wishes. Eugenio is too drunk to make sense of what's happening and messes up his wishes which brings a hilarious chaos into his already chaotic life. Aditya is a young Maharashtrian man from London who comes to Pune to find a someone who would teach him traditional Maharashtrian cooking. His aim is to open a Marathi Gourmet Restaurant in London. In search of a perfect guru, he meets eccentric Radha, a woman who makes lunch boxes for the students and working men in her area. Aditya needs to pass many tests before Radha would accept him as student. But once she starts teaching him, a new path of life opens for Aditya. Gulabjaam is a food film, where Marathi food is almost the third important character. Sara, a young and diligent elementary school teacher, is about to marry Andrea, but two more men are competing for her. She needs a friendly hand to help her manage work, friends and love. What many are saying is the most disturbing film of 2018, Watch if you Dare revolves around a series of horrifying incidents. If you press play, look away ;) Upcoming Directed by S Ezhil, Music by D Imman. A young man in order to marry the love of his life, he has to hide the fact that he can't drive from the girl's mother. The lives of three young musicians who are trying hard to capture the music of the market and to execute parts that are legitimate, but the lack of enthusiasm for the audience makes them unemployed and then goes on to become acquainted with a billionaire person ... Teefa goes to Poland to get Anya to Pakistan to marry Butt gangster's son but lands up in trouble with Anya's gangster father and the Polish police. Based on a theater musical, this movie is set in the city of Lima, Peru during the end of the 80's. The plot is about a group of youngsters from Lima who are participating in a contest for the best new Peruvian rock band. All these while they have to deal with the worst economic situation in Peru, corrupt leaders and terrorism that is rampant throughout the country. Features very  popular Peruvian rock songs from the 80's and 90's.  A job monger, Shiva who ends up as a taxiwala only to realise his ride is a beyond what anyone can expect. It's 2011 in Colombia, a condiment company has made a promotion offering 2000 pressure cookers in exchange for their products' empty containers. In Cartagena, Cristobal, a 24 year old guy whose mother is obsessed with the product, joins the queue the night before the promotion starts. He thinks he is at the beginning of the line, but soon realises he is barely in the middle. The fact that the promotion only consists of 2000 pressure cookers does not deter the over 12000 people queuing in Cartagena alone. Shy and unemployed, Cristobal tries to make the most of the time with his new 'neighbours'. Separated at birth, after 28 years Bhai and Jaan grow up to be as different from each other as can be. While Bhai is outspoken and a little bit of a troublemaker a daring costume designer, Jaan is quite shy and timid. After years of being apart, fate brings the two brothers together and things take an interesting turn. Riza, a garbage man becomes obsessed in her old mother when he finds a woman's corpse in a garbage can. But someday he meets with his new neighbor,a beautiful widow and starts to lose track of reality, stuck between his love and her mother.  This time Lesha, Slava, Kamil and Sasha go to St. Petersburg. And three of the four do not even know why they go there. But at some point it becomes clear that it does not matter - why. It is important that they go. Vincent is a crooked cop whose drug heist goes wrong when he is stabbed and the criminals he is robbing discover his identity. Vincent escapes with a huge bag of cocaine, but discovers his loot belongs to a powerful mob boss who kidnaps Vincent's son.  Vincent has until the end of the night to return the stash and save his son. Leveraging his ability to withstand pain, a young man trains to follow in the footsteps of his martial arts hero. From his village in northern Senegal, Yao is a 13-year-old boy ready to do anything to meet his hero: Seydou Tall, a famous French actor. Invited to Dakar to promote his new book, the latter goes to his country of origin for the first time. To fulfill his dream, the young Yao organizes his fugue and brave 387 kilometers alone to the capital. Touched by this child, the actor decides to flee his obligations and to accompany him home. But on the dusty and uncertain roads of Senegal, Seydou understands that while rolling towards the village of the child, it also rolls towards its roots.  Gurbuz, a crook in Istanbul's Balat district attempts to defraud a mob leader nicknamed Yellow Kenan and his men and gets killed. But he's going to be resurrected like Frankenstein, one of the most popular horror figures in horror movies. Adri, a wanna-be private detective, asks his long-time best friend Jaka, his high-school investigative sidekick turned lawyer, to help him solve a serious case. Jane lives with her brother Chut with her being the only one doing everything around the house. But Chut will need to learn to take care of himself when Jane becomes involved romantically with a Japanese coworker.  For Donald's birthday he receives a box with three gifts inside. The gifts, a movie projector, a pop-up book, and a pinata, each take Donald on wild adventures through Mexico and South America. Argentina, the year 2022. Second Falklands war. After 2 years of the wildest fight, the British gradually destroy the troops of the Argentine Army and intend to exterminate the enemy in the Islands. An Argentine soldier (Vic Cicuta) trained in the art of Ninjutsu, will intervene the monstrous plan risking his life and that of all those around him. "Death does not recognize ranks, this is Malvinas, this is war." Knowing the headquarters as well as residential area of   betawi suburbs will be evicted, Pengki (Reza Rahadian), Somad (Adjis Doaibu) and Achie (Aci Resti), decided to sabotage an illegal Casino in the heart of Jakarta.  Mock documentary about an upstart candidate for the U.S. Senate written and directed by actor Tim Robbins. Bob Roberts is a folksinger with a difference: He offers tunes that protest welfare chiselers, liberal whining, and the like. As the filmmakers follow his campaign, Robbins gives needle-sharp insight into the way candidates manipulate the media. The entire entourage of a flea circus runs away to join a dog. Kiran(Santosh Shobhan) is a call center employee who hates America and NRI culture. One fine day, he comes across Keerthi(Avika Gor) and falls in love with her. As time passes by, even Keerthi approves his love and the couple spend some happy times together.  On the other hand, Keerthi's father(Ravi Babu) is a shrewd man who only dreams of sending his daughter to the US for big bucks. Twist in the tale arises when he decides to get his daughter married to an NRI.  What will Kiran do now ? How will he stop Keerthi from leaving to the US ? Why does Kiran hate America ? An intellectually disabled giant and his level headed guardian find work at a sadistic cowboy's ranch in depression era America. Moon is a happy and confident plus-sized girl. She's working as a mascot performer in a theme park. She never cares about how other people judge her until she accidentally involved in a slimming competition. She even becomes the "Nation Goddess" who is constantly being watched by the netizen.  Getting lost in the fancy internet world, Moon's life has turned upside down. She loses the support of her parents and even her besties. What can she do to regain her true happiness and win back the people she loves? A guy is trying to discover his true identity after being found unconscious in a remote island. Carefree and desperate to avoid any responsibility, Jessica, a college student, visits a yard sale to buy a gift for her best friend. However, the music box she brings home is haunted by a vicious demonic entity eager to feed off the lives of all who hear the box's melody. After her best friend takes her own life, Jessica seeks the aid of two ghost hunters, but they too find themselves out of their depth. Desperate to free herself of the cursed box, she searches for the box's origin only to find that true evil begins with best of intentions. This is the story of a man and woman who were joined together by destiny and how they were thrown into the brink of divorce due some unexpected twists and turns. The film will be a complete... "The Wayang Kids" follows the adventures of a group of primary school children in Singapore that seek to overcome their personal struggles while representing their school in an international Chinese opera performance. A boy among this group must push through his autism to ultimately prove to everyone and himself that he has what it takes to be on stage. "The Wayang Kids" is a heartwarming film that sheds light on different cultures and backgrounds, and shows how our differences can actually bring us together. Hello Guru Prema Kosame is a Telugu romantic entertainer which stars Ram Pothineni and Anupama Parameswaran in the lead role EVIL BONG 777 leaves off where last year's EVIL BONG 666 left off. Our scowling weed-spewing Eebee is out of "Sexy Hell" and heading to Sin City with danger on her tail. She's joined by her whack pack of fabulous freaks: Faux Batty, Rabbit, Misty and The Gingerweed Man. Get ready for a tidal wave of smutty, skunky, surreal insanity as the gang gets into all manner of misadventures. Can Vegas handle this gaggle of ganja-fied weirdos? Marianne leaves Abel for Paul, his best friend and the father of her unborn child. Eight years later, Paul dies and Marianne returns to Abel. However, things have changed for the both of them and feelings of jealousy surround their new relationship. Slip and Sach are in the sidewalk star-gazing business when they see a murder committed in a room at the El Royale Hotel. Venkat meets with an accident in which Divya loses her life. However, she starts to haunt him as a ghost. What does she want? Pattaya Kelappanum Pandiya is a 2014 Tamil film directed by S. P. Rajkumar. The film stars Vidharth, Manisha Yadav, Kovai Sarala and Parotta Soori in lead roles. Tamil film written and directed by Nandakumar. The film features Gajesh and Dimple Chopade in the lead roles. coming soon.. Story about Simon, a gay werewolf, who must come to terms with his condition in order to start dating again, or else condemn himself to a life alone. Two parallel stories about young ambitious teenage girls and middle-aged women who have experienced life's sweet spiciness. A remake of the Korean movie 'Sunny' (2011).  Mr. Kabaadi is a romantic comedy that revolves around caste struggle. It is based on the life of Mr.Kallu Kabaadiwala a.k.a KK who used to be a Kabaadiwala. When he becomes rich, he starts his own family business of Public Toilets. The charismatic and self-confident man, Karel Kral, is the editor-in-chief of men's magazine. Although a chauvinistic type, he is very popular with women. However, he struggles in his personal life. He frequently argues with his ex-wife over their 17 year-old daughter Julie, who despises his new way of life. Then the consequences of his behavior catch up with him. He loses his job, and the editor-in-chief position is given to a young and beautiful woman. But his bad luck does not end there. After another fight with his ex-wife and daughter, and a woman driver crashing into his car, Karel and his best friend Cestmir have an evening of binge drinking. During the wild night, he expresses a wish to be a woman. When he wakes up the next morning he discovers that his wish has been granted. Shui is an old Alzheimer patient suffering from memory loss and behaviour changes. Ha, as a personal care taker of Shui, stays together with him and takes great care of his daily lives. However, while his bad temper has turned into raging, Ha could not take it anymore and she runs away. Without Ha by his side, Shui is losing his only support.  The neighbour seeks help from Ha's son Leong to persuade Ha. During Ha's absence, Shui is falling in love with Fang who looks a lot like Summer, but actually she is only looking for his wealth... Julia, an online vlogger from Germany, comes to the US to visit her cousin Hannah. Upon her arrival, Julia falls fatefully ill, prompting Hannah's suspicion of the strange and sudden illness. When unusual happenings start taking place in her home, Hannah begins a relentless internet search to discover the cause. She comes across Julia's vlog entries and finds herself immersed deep in the web - too deep - in a place where terror knows no end. A staff member of a game company came to a historical museum in the border city of China. They are Wu Mi, a second-generation rich man, Mei Feng, a graduating internationaire, and Andrew, a Russian drunkard. The three inadvertently crossed... An uplifting story of an orthodox south indian woman landing up in Bangkok to unexpectedly spend 10 days with her gay son's partner. What follows is her enlightening journey towards self realisation, acceptance and a changed perspective on life! Ever since Vivek got married to college sweetheart Ann, he hasn't been in touch with his childhood friends. Four years later, Ann invites his friends for a surprise reunion to their pre-independence era bungalow which is rumoured to be haunted. A short comedic feature film comprised of three vignettes corresponding to the beginning, middle and end stages of a relationship.   Despite modern advances in communication technology, many people face loneliness and depression. This immersive documentary explores online dating in the UK's black community. Peter Bogdanovitch on Red River The staff and students at St. Bernadette's Primary School audition for a coveted place in a spectacular rock musical competition. Jill and Peter are newlyweds that are going nowhere.  A woman, who gets released from prison and reunites with her sister, discovers she is in an online relationship with a man who may be "catfishing" her.  The story is based on Robert Louis Stevenson's Treasure Island novel. Audrey and Morgan, two thirty-year-old best friends in Los Angeles, are thrust unexpectedly into an international conspiracy when Audrey's ex-boyfriend shows up at their apartment with a team of deadly assassins on his trail. Friends Courtney and Reuben attempt a thirty day, 1100-mile run from San Diego to Portland, for which neither of them are prepared. Evicted from his squat and suddenly alone on the streets, George is a man without a home. Struggling with his demons and desperately trying to connect with the daughter he abandoned, he navigates the system, hustling for change and somewhere safe and quiet to gather his thoughts. But the streets are relentless and soon, George finds himself teetering on the edge, alone and abandoned.  Very high heels tap against the pier's wooden slats. Nineteen-year-old Laurine, a beautiful young woman, has come to meet her lover Olivier, who is spending his vacation with his cousins on the small island of Brehat, just like he does every summer. Laurine quickly becomes the butt of some people's jokes and secretly desired by others. Wallace, who is burned out from a string of failed relationships, forms an instant bond with Chantry, who lives with her longtime boyfriend. Together, they puzzle out what it means if your best friend is also the love of your life. Pelin's story of revenge filled with adventure and comedy that finds herself in a separation speech while waiting for a marriage proposal. A romantic comedy detailing the funny and quirky last 30 days of a relationship between two college sweethearts who attempt to break up without the drama. Trina who has lived her whole life as a third wheel meets the man who passes her standards and believes that this man will finally make her a third wheel no more. As they get to know each other, she finds out she's actually dating a single dad with an 8-year-old boy and he actually has a good relationship with the mother. Khalil known as Khalil Katyusha who is a religious guy and member of Basidj is forced to spend couple of days with Arshia the lousy rich boy. The different backgrounds and ideals make these two to make troubles for each other.  The story revolves around a young couple in love, who run away from the rivalry of their families. The drama begins when they book a hotel and demonetization news is announced by the Prime Minister. During the liberation of India, an old-fashioned man must examine his priorities. Basavaraju is an arrogant rich kid who desperately lusts over his schoolmate Shruthi(Palak Lalwani). In that process, he kills the school principal and gets sentenced to jail for 14 years. Upset with this, Shruthi's parents change her identity and shift her to Hyderabad. There, she gets close to Rana (Ranjith Somi), who is an easy going guy.  When everything seems to be going well in their life, Basavaraju comes out of the Jail and starts looking for Shruthi. Will Basavaraju find Shruthi's whereabouts? What will Rana do to save his girl's life? Sammy's hard work has made him successful, and his success has turned him into a workaholic. Now, his wife, children and other loved ones are starting to feel neglected, and Sammy must rethink his priorities or risk losing everything that truly matters to him in this heartwarming drama. R&amp;B stars Shirley Murdock and Keith "Wonder Boy" Johnson star in this stage adaptation of the inspirational book by Bishop Eddie Long. An acerbic comedian becomes romantically entangled with her ex, his new girlfriend, and another guest during a weekend getaway. Mr. Bhalla (Anupam Kher), a hyper-vibrant Punjabi lives in US along with his wife, daughter and nephew Aman (Anubhav Anand). Aman is in love with Neha (Nandana Sen), daughter of Mr. Patel (Boman Irani), a conventional Gujarati. Although the two are in love, their families have huge differences due to drastically different lifestyles. In the end, it's up to Aman and Neha to not only bring their families together but to live up to their expectations.  A parents struggling with their children suddenly get an advise for psychologist - to exchange the kids... Mr. Hasmukhlaal is (un)fortunate enough to keep 2 wives at the same time, but the wives have no knowledge of the other marriage. On top of that, he orchestrates his own death for one family and stays with the other. For a long time it's all fine until his son from the first marriage and his daughter from the second marriage happen to get in touch with each other and plan to meet. And thus starts a roller-coaster ride of confusion and cover-ups. Will the 2 wives ever come to know the truth? Two good friends find themselves in a predicament when their emotions get in the way of their friendship. Threatened by a fascist plot, the Portuguese government recruits several "special people" to stop the coup. Best friends Toni and Paul decide to relinquish all of their belongings for 100 days, whereby they receive one of their items back on each day. During this challenge the two realize, that the only thing they cannot be without is their friendship. A story about contemporary materialism and the quest for the truely important things in life. When aspiring model Jesse moves to Los Angeles, her youth and vitality are devoured by a group of beauty-obsessed women who will take any means necessary to get what she has. When aspiring model Jesse moves to Los Angeles, her youth and vitality are devoured by a group of beauty-obsessed women who will take any means necessary to get what she has. A struggling performer and all-around slacker accidentally stumbles into a successful fetish video career, and is subsequently pulled into a community of sickos while dealing with her over-bearing family in this outrageous comedy. 'GHOSTED' tells a story of survival inside a British Prison. Jack a model prisoner, has kept his head down and done his time. After his wife confirms that she is leaving him, on the anniversary of their son's death, the only thing that keeps him from going under is the new prisoner, Paul. Jack's cell mate Ahmed, attempts to guide him on a path of salvation, a path that involves saving Paul from the clutches of the wing beast, Clay. Rifftrax Live: Carnival of Souls! Mike, Bill, and Kevin riffed this spooky midnight-movie cult classic live in Nashville, and now it's available for you to download or stream in Anywhere-Ville!  When young Mary survives a horrible car crash, she tries to start her life over with a new church organist job in a small Utah town, as one does. But along the way she's haunted by a gaunt pale figure in a nice suit who leads her to an abandoned old pavilion on the shores of the Great Salt Lake. Soon Mary doesn't know if she's awake or dreaming, alive or dead, which makes her really dull at parties. Fans of Rifftrax Live: Night of the Living Dead will love this one. Weird, creepy and very silly, our live riff of Carnival of Souls is not to be missed! Two Hollywood Producers try to save their dying careers by creating a blockbuster out of old movies and their warped imaginations. What they don't know is that they are being mined for their creative and technological ideas. The film was in production for 25 years and shot in seven states including Washington D.C. (Linklater eat your heart out!). Homages galore. The next Rocky Horror. A girl from a small town comes Kyiv. The capital of Ukraine is a transit point for the young girl on the way to her goal - America, where she obtained a "green card." Only 20 hours of waiting for the plane separate her from her dreams. But at the station she meets two young people that get her in a number of adventurous and romantic adventures ... After he dies in a car accident, a man receives three more days on Earth to find his soul mate.  Two adult sisters exist dysfunctionally, each limited by illnesses affecting both body and mind -- one physically and the other psychologically. Things are finally starting to look bright for Ilya, a relatively unknown actor. Starting tomorrow, he will be the voice of Men's Radio. So of course he celebrates the occasion. But the next morning, the newly-crowned radio host finds himself unable to utter a single word. After a wild night out on the town he has completely lost his voice. It's half an hour before he goes on air, prime-time, the contract has already been signed, Ilya is in a state of panic... The only solution is to get an injection in his voice box. According to the doctor on hand, this is the only thing that might save the day. Employees of a wealthy home look for a chance of revenge against the unfair way they are treated. Film version based on the Dutch TV show. Margherita is a 14 year old living in Milano, who shares everything with her friends. They discuss clothes, music, school and that first kiss. A delightful coming-of-age film in which the here and now is all that really matters. Where every little thing is so very important and where feelings sometimes bubble over. In your teens, there's no room for anything but friendship and love.  This story tells the story of two burglar retailers (Jamshidi and Kaya) who come up with a box-wrapped case.  Mehar is the village kabaddi champion that children idolize as a role model. With everything going in the right direction there is a chain of events that evolve to turn the tables for the worse. A feud that started between Jind Kaur and Chandu Pehlwan has put a target on Mehar's back to bear fruits. Mobster Nick Scanlon (Ryan) has managed to buy several of the local government and law-enforcement officials. However, he can't seem to touch the incorruptible police captain Tom McQueeg (Mitchum), who refuses all attempts at bribery. Prosecuting attorney, Welch (Collins), and a police detective, Turck (Conrad), are crooked and make McQueeg's job as an honest officer nearly impossible. A love story between a couple with the same last name but very different social statuses. The film tells how people get into the' top ' of society. In the context of the film, casting is a social 'sieve' - a sequence of tests, the results of which determine a person in one of two categories: he becomes an outsider or a leader. Soon choice (s), soon 'Casting.' Camera debut a film Director 'As Victor Garlic weight Leh Pin in a nursing home' Alexander hunt, as well as directing the first film by Igor Stam Four girls find themselves in a reform school run by an evil woman that joins forces with her equally demented scientist brother who creates a serum to turn attractive rocker guys into lobotomized sex slaves for his underground porn business. The scientist brother laces Girl Scout cookies with the serum while his sister offers full pardons to the girls to sell them. They are aware that they aren't your average cookies and agree. The evil plan backfires and the rocker guys turn into flesh-eating zombies and terrorize the town. It's up to the girls to clean up the mess and restore peace before it's too late. Rakesh, an out of luck DJ, has just found out that the gig he was to perform in Goa, has been canceled. He is in urgent requirement of money to save his Dad's clinic and in that desperation, partly agrees to carry a packet on his return flight to Delhi. He doesn't realise what's in the packet and the consequences. A bunch of devastated employees of an airline that is shutting down, decide to hijack it's last flight in a bid to recover some dues and to punish their employer. It's the same flight as DJ Rakesh's. With them are flying a bunch of interesting and some weird passengers. Things take a funny turn when people on the flight accidentally get high on the dope including the high jackers. As the plane loses it's direction, the fliers behave out of their minds, the flight turns into one big party...high in the sky. The lives of a few people get affected when ego clash erupts between a few cut-throat loan sharks Redu is a simple story of one man's life, love, values, and his will to go on, framed against the spectacular backdrop of rural Konkan. After a ranch in Texas is befallen to a mysterious, demonic presence, it is up to an eccentric, wandering priest to find answers and dispel the darkness. As he digs deeper he soon finds that he may be in over his head and out of time.  A whirlwind tour of paternal institutions: fatherhood, Lacanian psychoanalysis and bondage.  Written and directed by Julian Reboratti, this fictional feature film describes the lives of several dissimilar inhabitants of a neighborhood on the outskirts of the city during two hot and hellish Christmas days and the spiral of violence that, irrepressibly and irrepressibly, will be generated between all of them. Rojulu Marayi is a contemporary take on the behaviour of girls in society today. It is about two girls who are friends and how they trap two innocent men into loving them, and take advantage of them. A tropical island is the setting for television's hottest new reality show, "Treasure Hunt," where 10 sexy contestants are competing for $10 million in hidden cash. Their celebration of fun, sun and seduction turns to panic when the contestants start having mysterious and deadly accidents. A killer is loose on the island... and as the body country grows, so do the television ratings! A vampire, a nihilist, and a murderous dwarf with super powers, come together, aided by the powers of a young woman's magical penis, to fulfill an ancient prophecy and battle an ancient demon. Doordarshan Eti Jantra is a 2016 Assamese language period drama film film directed by Rajesh Bhuyan and produced by Sanjiv Narain under the banner of AM Television. The story is based on National School of Drama's alumnus Himanshu Prasad Das's play Ekhon Gaonot Eta TV Asil.[1] Director Rajesh Bhuyan is also the co screenplay writer along with Santanu Rowmuria. The original playwright Himanshu Prasad Das, and Santanu Rowmuria wrote the dialogues of the film. Miso lives from day to day by housekeeping. Cigarettes and whiskey are the two things that get her through the day. When the government doubles the price of cigarettes, Miso decides to give up her house for cigarettes and whiskey and make a list of her friends to ask a favor to stay with. A young brotherhood of mystics sets out to stop an evil priest, with the help of a chosen warrior. A dog finds the meaning of his own existence through the lives of the humans he meets. Isa, who is aggravated by her life, decides to visit a non traditional doctor. Through the use of hypnotherapy, Isa discovers that her pain is caused by repressed feelings and that the way for her to heal is to say everything she thinks. Counterculture journalist Paul Krassner embarks on an LSD tinged investigation of the last of Manson's disciples: Brenda McCann, Sandra Good, and Lynette 'Squeaky' Fromme in order to find out if the Manson Murders were a CIA conspiracy. Josh and Brennan are about to get married in Palm Springs on a lovely Saturday afternoon. However, the night before becomes a drunken, drug-fueled riot, because their friend Gerry has arrived, furious that their invitation says "Please refrain from wearing bright colors or bold patterns." In the struggle for equality, what do we really want? What do we lose? And is there any cocaine left? Carry on Jatta 2 picks up the fun where Carry on Jatta ends. The story follows Jass, an orphan, but a happy-go-lucky guy whose sole purpose in life is to go to Canada by any means possible. After numerous attempts of going to Canada and many taunts faced from his landlord, Advocate Dhillon and his best friend Goldy, Jass decides that marrying a Canadian girl is the only way he can fulfil his dream. Jass appoints his friend Honey to the task, who then introduces him to Meet an NRI.  Jass succeeds in wooing Meet but the confusion begins to rise as he learns more about the particular qualities Meet wants in her future husband. What kind of tricks and sticky situations do Jass, Goldy and Honey get themselves into throughout the quest of fulfilling Jass's Canadian dream? Just how low will they go for a YouTube sensation? Three online video creators are trying in vain to create a viral video. They have cute, boring spots that are largely ignored on YouTube-and they have increasingly impatient investors. Enter a mysterious consultant whose videos have garnered millions of hits-by dispensing with good taste. Overjoyed by their newfound success, the team pops out one popular video after another, from Sasquatch and Yeti in a curling match to "Breast Feeding While Driving". But as their business starts to take off, they realize that they know nothing about their consultant. Co-writer/director Taylor Guterson (Old Goats) partnered with Erik Alskog (co-writer/director, cast-member) to produce Viral Viral -- a darkly comedic tale of the crackpot underbelly of public media where nothing is off-limits in the quest for hits. A young boy murders his mother and her lover with a hammer. Ten years later, a wave of teenage murders plagues the same area. Alex, 43, is not a man of many responsibilities. He works as a tow truck driver in the car repair garage run with an iron fist by his mother Antoinette. She hopes he will someday take over the business, but Alex manages to consistently prove that he's not up to the task. One day, he assists a woman whose car broke down and ends up spending the night at her place. The next morning, she is nowhere to be found, and Alex discovers he is alone... with three kids! Sophie, a U.S. TV star, finds out shortly before Christmas that she is the subject of compromising photos. Under the pretext of granting the photographer an exclusive interview in exchange for the pictures, the young woman invites him to spend Christmas at her aunt's in northern Ontario. Will Sophie successfully come to terms with her painful past? Forlorn heiress Penelope Wilhern is cursed, and the only way out is to fall in love with someone of suitable stock. But how can she find her soul mate when she's sequestered inside her family's estate with only her parents to keep her company. This untraditional fairy tale about a girl who bucks convention to create her own happy ending. After leaving their company Christmas Party together, David Hargrove and Emily Brandt's impromptu first date takes an unexpected turn when their coworker, Corey, asks them to make a late-night stop at an ATM.  What should be a routine transaction turns into a desperate struggle for survival when an unknown man appears outside the vestibule.  With the wintry temperatures dipping below freezing, and the morning sunrise still hours away, they have no choice but to play the man's deadly game of cat-and-mouse. Ajay and Soumya are planning a destination wedding in Goa. The guests at the wedding including the cousins of the couple hate each other's presence and create trouble for each other. The film replete with ritual, and emotions will take you on a joy ride.  Gagan never lets her father realize that he doesn't have a son, and in return her father put all his trust in her. When Pargat, a local boy, is smitten by Gagan she makes it very clear that any union must be approved by her father, hence begins Pargat's attempts to impress her father. Due to much of his bad luck, every attempt by him, and with the help of his friends, Sukhi and Honey, all go haywire and it seems he has no chance of impressing Gagan's father. Eventually with Gagan's intervention her father agrees to meet Pargat and wedding talks ensue. After a night of binge drinking on laced local brew, or due to "bad omens', Pargat LOSES his sight! Thus begins Pargat's struggle to get through the wedding without anyone especially Gagan knowing about his temporary handicap. They say love is blind but can weddings be blind too? Gabriele is a divorced dad who owns a music store and is completely focused on taking care of his 10-year-old daughter Sofia who spends time with both parents. One day he bumps into his old friend Mara who - for the first time since his separation - reignites his desire to be in a relationship. There is only one problem, Mara hates children! Afro-American men and women express their views on why some Black men are travelling from the US to Brazil to find sex partners. A man is tortured relentlessly by geese to the point of madness. A lonely TV weatherman strikes up an unusual friendship with a middle-aged Latino migrant worker. When a rich Indian international student falls for a working class Australian girl, who is crazily in love with him. How will he handle the cultural differences and succeed in his love, against his parents' plans for his future? Ben Sanderson, an alcoholic Hollywood screenwriter who lost everything because of his drinking, arrives in Las Vegas to drink himself to death. There, he meets and forms an uneasy friendship and non-interference pact with prostitute Sera. Lola, a 30-year-old failed kleptomaniac with a bad temper receives a phone call from Mar del Plata: her father, whom she thought had been dead for years, has just died, and she must travel in order to check on some things related to the inheritance. Along with Teo, her former boyfriend, and his sister Rita, she sets off in Teo's school van. In Mar del Plata, she meets Natalio, her father's partner, and everyone must now travel to Bariloche in order to spread the ashes of the deceased. In a world where families are limited to one child due to overpopulation, a set of identical septuplets must avoid being put to a long sleep by the government and dangerous infighting while investigating the disappearance of one of their own. Milly and Mamet are busy taking care of their baby. One day, Mamet met Alexandra, a close friend at college, who now had investors to finance the restaurant ideas they had once wanted together. A voluptuous black woman takes a job as a high-class prostitute in order to get revenge on the mobsters who murdered her boyfriend. 4 Friends travel across the United States to find the American Dream through a Company Deal. Raghu is an assistant to film director Ajwani and lusts behind women.His uncle Bahu Mama arranges his marriage to Phulwa a childish village girl who doesn't know the meaning of marriage and wants to get rid of her.Raghu comes across a sexy village belly Savita who wants to be an actress.He takes her advantage and exploits her promising role in films. Raghu takes Savita to Mumbai to work in films where she faces the true identify of glamour world where he is been exploited my many on pretext of work. Bugs and Daffy get lost on the way to Pismo Beach, and find a cave full of treasure in the Arabian Desert, guarded by Hassan. Two Dublin actors, 'Stoney' & 'Jo', escape the city for a rural retreat but find chaos follows them into the wilderness... A story about suicidal general, a minister in the Croatian government who voluntarily locks himself inside a prison cell, and 4 pensioners, who steal the coffin with the remains of the late Croatian president. A newlywed couple finds their lake-country honeymoon descend into chaos after Paul finds his wife wandering and disoriented in the middle of the night. Three close friends Fuad, Fadli and Fendi stumble upon a lifeless body by the roadside and, in their panic, have tampered with the crime scene by touching the knife next to the body. They decide to wrap and bury the body. Instead of tying a knot at the top of the wrap, they tie it sideways so that they can easily identify it as the body they have buried if the police ever discover it. However, things do not go well for them after that night as they are haunted by the spirit of the dead man. They seek for help from Mimie to look for the body again, hoping that the spirit will not disturb them anymore after getting a proper burial. A veteran gangster, Dollah who always dreamt of becoming an actor gets the chance of a lifetime when a popular actor asks him to become his mentor for an action movie. A gangster at a shooting set, Dollah surely causes all sorts of chaos. Tabloid reporters are sent by their editor to investigate after the paper recieves a letter from a woman claiming an angel is living with her. A powerful king nearly lost his family due to the Snow Queen's evil deeds. He finds a way to ban all the magic from the world - all the possessors of magic powers are now trapped in Mirrorlands. The only one who can stop him and keep the fairy-tale in our world is Gerda - as her own biggest power is not magic but her faith in kindness and friendship. In Gerda's new adventures, she will be helped by trolls, pirates and even the Snow Queen herself. Two sisters come together to spend Christmas with their families in their recently deceased parents' falling down country house, with hilariously chaotic consequences, as ancient sibling rivalries flare up again to sabotage the hoped for season of good will. The Heroes of Destiny have taken on the task of protecting Mexico from danger. A new batch of recruits start their trials to see if they can join. Meanwhile an old enemy seeks out vengeance at a dark place. Can destiny prevail? Puta y amada is a comedy that narrates the constant ruptures and reconciliations of Marcos, a film director who is going through a creative crisis, and Adrian, a pop music composer. Both Marcos and his two friends, Zaida and Julia (with whom he shares his love for cinema), embark on a series of superficial relationships, which will make them move from simple selfishness to the revelation and awareness of the loved one, in this moral tale about the end of youth and the desidealization of the world. Brad, a local has-been rock star, spends his days balancing married life with his partying friends. Then he meets a mysterious woman who ignites a dark turn of events. The Last Guest in Roblox tries to survive in a harsh world, where the Roblox army pits its forces against an army of corrupt and dangerous Bacon haired soldiers, driven to cleanse the world of noobs and guests and establish a new world order. This truly shows the horrors of war.  Comedian Nore Davis brings down the house in his fresh new stand-up special. He shares his take on social media dependence, being in love, and the hard truths of protesting, while dealing with the conflicts of living with his girlfriend and updating his sneaker collection. Featuring the company of fellow New York comedians, Davis's crew rehashes past quarrels and reminisces about old New York while providing non-stop laughs. This is the tour that never was. The tour that was supposed to happen when Jim Morrison came back from Paris. LA Woman Live! Two gangsters kidnap a psychic to find out where the man they murdered buried the loot. Dilan & Milea are now dating. But as time goes by, Dilan has to choose between his motorcycle club or Milea. The story takes place on New Year's Eve that a group of friends have been celebrating together for years. The host is the newly divorced psychologist, Aliz, and her guests are her younger brother, Dome, the chemistry teacher, Kristof, the gynecologist, Gabor, the cook, and Mark, the photographer. They are all childhood best friends. In the meantime, Gabor's wife, Saci, the lawyer, and Mark's girlfriend, Fanni, the young special education teacher joins the group. The topic of the conversation veers in the direction of how nowadays people store many secrets and confidential information on their cell phones, and what kinds of conflicts may arise if the phones fall into unauthorized hands. Each of the seven members of the group insists on not having any secrets, on their lives being an open book, to which Aliz suggests that they should prove it. A lady auto driver joins an auto stand full of men. Two flunky Janitors in an Arctic Lab perform unauthorized experiments transporting them to a beach dream world in Malibu California w/50 beautiful young girls and a female Brazilian PhD Student wearing only a bra and panties. A '67 Muscle car races chases horses guns fights surfing, sumo wrestler, wolf monster, underwater scenes tons of gorgeous models. Sexy sci-fi fun. Show y ya! is a presentation of Franco Escamilla in the National Auditorium, a show with jokes not heard, a unique show and produced especially for cinema. Have fun and laugh with Franco Escamilla. When two very unique and diverse families with 7 kids each collide, they find laughs, music, love, and a few answers about what it means to be a not-so-normal American family in the 21st century. Dave, nineteen, has just graduated high school, with his 3 friends, The comical Cyril, the warm hearted but short-tempered Moocher, and the athletic, spiteful but good-hearted Mike. Now, Dave enjoys racing bikes and hopes to race the Italians one day, and even takes up the Italian culture, much to his friends and parents annoyance. After suffering a violent incident, a woman decides to become a vigilante, defending every woman who has suffered from physical or psychological abuse. A young filmmaker has just unsatisfyingly captured the last shot for her film. While the crew encourages her to celebrate, she fears that the battle has just begun. Thankfully, she knows that worrying is never the answer. Instead, she turns to a traditional, evil-warding, garland-scattering ritual to direct all misfortune away from her film.  In this dark comedy, Neila (Holly Stevens), a discontented pregnant woman is prescribed some rest at a cabin in the woods with her unstable husband (Bill Corkum). When a creepy stranger (Mark Palermo), a mysterious doctor (Sharleen Kalayi), and some space aliens show up, Neila has to embrace her survival instincts in order to save not only her unborn child, but all of humanity. When the movie opens, a woman is recalling the events that molded her perspective on the world. Years ago, her husband, a wealthy Western-educated landowner, challenged tradition by providing her with schooling, and inviting her out of the seclusion in which married women were kept, to the consternation of more conservative relatives. Meeting her husband's visiting friend from college, a leader of an economic rebellion against the British, she takes up his political cause, despite her husbands warnings. As the story progresses, the relationship between the woman and the visitor becomes more than platonic, and the political battles, pitting rich against poor and Hindu against Moslem, turn out not to be quite as simple as she had first thought. A 17 year old girl is torn between her religious parents and free spirited friends and can't seem to please either. Hoping to reconcile the two sides of her life, she invites her friends to her parents church - only for all hell to break loose. Weird apparitions and ghostly creatures drive the teenagers to breaking point, leaving the confused adults with no alternative but to saving the their souls via exorcism!. Scares, screams and laughs abounded in this original horror comedy. Jennifer and Vince, virtual strangers, find themselves strapped for cash and decide to stage a fake engagement and wedding just for the gifts The story of a man named Prakashan who changes his name to P. R Akash just to sound cool The naughty and funny witch Dioselina provides esoteric services to her neighbors helping them with rituals and ridiculous oddments, until her success falls apart when Dr. Sarmiento, a corrupt politician closes her business. This situation motivates her to want to unmask the intentions of the politician, uniting with her neighbors in a campaign to give her her due. (FILMAFFINITY)  At a small town in the west of China in 1935, the county magistrate's funny accent raised a series of misguided affairs, deduced a bizarre and absurd story with one and another climaxes. The magical tale of two bashful soul mates who discover love. This visually stunning romance combines stop motion and model miniatures to create a world that is beautiful, magical, and entirely its own. Indro took an alien for a tour in Jakarta. The alien tries to find peace that can't be found in his planet. Petru is a math professor at the Polytechnic University, who's living an easy life, with no big worries. He is in an open relationship with Irina, who agreed he can sleep with other women from time to time. But when she becomes pregnant, he will be put in the situation to change his lifestyle and be forced to mature at 42 years old. One of his supporting friends decides to write a book based on his story. Wanting to save the house of her beloved grandmother from being sequestered, paranormal expert Carmel Monseratt (Kim Chiu) and her "bebest" best friend Jerald "Jeje" Zee-Yan (Ryan Bang) have decided to form a squad of ghost busters with their misfits buddies Bagang (Pepe Herrera), Ponzi (Lassy Marquez), and Basha (Moi Bien) in order to meet both ends.  Family first comedian and bonafide Blasian, Michael Yo, brings his uniquely personal blend of comedy to his debut stand up special. Born and raised in Houston, TX, Michael talks about the issues growing up half Black and Asian in a place where he really stood out. Fast forward to now, navigating marriage and of course his ultimate job as a father to his Black, Asian and White son. A housewife's life changes drastically after becoming a radio jockey for the city's biggest radio stations. A newlywed couple finds their lake-country honeymoon descend into chaos after Paul finds his wife wandering and disoriented in the middle of the night. Trying to survive the family Christmas, Cody makes a wish to be alone, which ends up backfiring when a shark manifests and kills his entire family. Suzanne wasn't always this confused. She wasn't always dead either - When an ex-con takes a job as a handyman for an unstable elderly woman to avoid a parole violation, it becomes a choice he may regret. Two couples and a surrogate lay bare the complications, contradictions, heartbreak, and absurdities implicit in how we think about motherhood. Chintamani (Tamil: cintaamnni) is a 1937 Tamil-language film directed by Y. V. Rao starring M. K. Thyagaraja Bhagavathar, Serugulathur Sama and Aswathamma.[2] It was the first Tamil film to run for a year in a single theatre.  Chintamani was based on the legendary story of a Sanskrit poet and devotee of Lord Krishna named Bilwamangal (M. K. Thyragaraja Bhagavathar). Bilwamangal, a resident of Varanasi, was a Sanskrit scholar, who gets infatuated towards a courtesan called Chintamani (Aswathamma), a woman of ill-fame. As a result, he deserts his wife. However, Chintamani is an ardent devotee of Lord Krishna (Serugalathur Sama) and spends most of her time singing bhajans in praise of Lord Krishna. His attraction towards Chintamani eventually draws Bilwamangal closer towards Lord Krishna and transforms his life forever. Bilwangal, himself, becomes a devotee of Lord Krishna and pens a monumental Sanskrit work Sri Krishna Karnamritam. A vision of an unconventional family together with their conflicts and rivalry, a vision full of ironic sense of humour but also emotional moments and true closeness. When the elder brother, Andrzej, suddenly falls ill, despite their differences and a wall of misunderstandings that has grown between them, his younger brother is taking it upon himself to care for his brother in need. Three people wake up together in an apartment in Sao Paulo. A photo shoot. An accepted proposal. A place in ruins. He, She and Ana. Kuttan Pilla, Moly's long lost lover is kidnapped by the underworld king named Mayan. 4 grannies and Kuttappi with the help of Vikraman, a local gangster decide to go on a journey to fight the fierce don Mayan and bring back Kuttan Pilla. Part of BFI collection "Design for Today." Best friends Ford and Noah both fall for Callie, potentially spelling the end of their friendship. But then the besties come up with an idea that Callie just might be cool enough to date both of them at the same time. Three men struggle to save their relationship while traveling across country in search of a doctor they believe will make one of them well. A dramatisation that follows Tony Blair's journey from political understudy waiting in the wings of the world arena to accomplished prime minister standing confidently in the spotlight of centre stage. It is a story about relationships, between two powerful men (Blair and Bill Clinton), two powerful couples, and husbands and wives. A 15 year-old boy and his friends want to lose their virginity. Raku Ichijo (Kento Nakajima) is an only son and a high school student. His father is the leader of yakuza group Shuei-gumi. Raku Ichijo doesn't like to fight and he studies hard. His dream is to become a public official. One day, he passes the entrance gate at his high school and is kicked inadvertently by Chitoge Kirisaki (Ayami Nakajo). She is a new transfer student at the school. Chitoge Kirisaki is the only daughter of a rival gang leader. To keep the peace between the rival gangs led by their fathers, Raku Ichijo and Chitoge Kirisaki decide to act as boyfriend and girlfriend. --asianwiki A story of laughter and romance between two polar opposites as a penny-pincher crosses paths with a spendthrift. Liu Jia Yin goes bankrupt after breaking up with her wealthy boyfriend. Caught in a bind and forced to pay of her debts, she sells of all of her belongings. Wang Ji Wei was born frugal and goes to extremes just to save money. An accidental meeting forces them to live under one roof and reassess their disparaging outlooks when it comes to money and love. A group of actors posing as others provide social recognition to its customers in order to obtain financial gain. A father obsessed with an old school copying machine wreaks havoc on the family, causing a change in their relationships. Explores the life of each family member and how their lives are intertwined with each other. It's an exciting and chaotic journey of three pensioners. Timi, Irikefe and Tobore, receives a huge amount of money as their pension. Their new fortune leads them into a profligate Journey.Three Wise Men Seven years ago, Chris McNamara stood on the edge of the greatest BASE jump that had yet to be attempted in the U.S., the first "wing suit exit" into the Grand Canyon. What happened next caused him to walk away from the sport forever. In a world where immortality is achieved by drinking alcohol, having sex and partying every night, three friends in their hundreds (who don't look a day over eighteen) try to hold onto their youth in the face of a rapidly changing world. A Yoruba man proposes to his Igbo girlfriend, but when the news eventually reaches their parents, their reactions aren't exactly what they expected due to tribal prejudice. Rivalry between the two families begins, but the couple are adamant on their love prevailing. Starring Kenneth Okolie, Adeniyi Johnson, Tina Mba, Dele Odule, Lilian Esoro, Amaechi Muonagor, Blessing Onwukwe, Dickson Godwin and NEDU A horror-comedy slasher set in the 80's about a woman wrongfully fired from her office job and forced to take on a temporary job on a crime scene cleanup crew. With a maniacal serial killer on the loose leaving them lots of work, did he ever leave the scene of the crime?  A despondent girl. A boy who still believes in love. Eve meets Juri while people in the city night prey on each other. A shadow appears to tighten its grip on Eve. A thing with the foreboding face of a murky stranger. Pida rakkautes (Go Love Yourself) is a dark comedy-drama with romantic overtones. It is based on a theatrical play of the same name, written and directed by Aino Martiskainen in Jyvaskyla, Finland 2013. During a misfire, Gabriel and Raphael, two robbers Sunday, escape by accidentally kidnapping Paloma, an 8-year-old girl. Michel, an experienced cop, makes it a point of honor to stop the two men and recover the girl. Soon Gabriel and Raphael discover that the girl is not alone. Paco, her imaginary "friend", accompanies her and protects her against a heavy secret - Paloma is a child beaten by her parents. They now have the choice: to make the girl to these executioners and be bastards, where to keep with them and pass for bastards. The jealous younger wife of a local trader who has two wives starts to seriously worry about her favoured position being compromised when he begins to show significant interest in an even younger highly attractive woman and plans to make sure that they never marry. Starring Mercy Johnson, Hafiz Oyetoro, Ada Ameh, Ginnefine Kanu, funky Mallam and Emem Ufot. Tae-sung, a blind man runs into Jinee's (a pregnant and broken hearted woman) car while he was wandering outside his house. Rather than going to the hospital, Tae-sung suggests that they go on a trip. While they are hesitant to make a decision, Su-hee, a heavyweight boxer with low self-esteem runs into their car. The three decide to go to the beach. This is a road movie where the main characters who are suffering from their own problems become special friends to one another. An epic journey of love in Chambal, amongst the clash of power and the roar of guns. It was a bright sunny morning and Vaibhav hated it. So he slept again. He loves potential energy and hates kinetic energy. Laying in bed he scribbled what he calls 'bookmark moments' of life. Today he calls them jokes. See him perform them on Amazon Prime Video, in his solo show named - Don't. Wishing to follow in his brother's footsteps and become a surfing champion himself, a young man asks for help from a former surfer champion, who is no longer active due to a foot injury. The young man often gets challenged by defending champions but he eventually gets selected to enter the final surfing competition. A comedy about the criminal life of lovers, brothers and friends. They embark on their final operation only for their plans to go awry. After her boyfriend suffers a debilitating accident, a girl from Wisconsin moves to New York City to pursue her dream of becoming a fashion designer. Story of a widower Sagar Oberoi, a billionaire living in Delhi surrounded by pretentious characters and situations. The movie takes an interesting twist when Sagar devices a diabolical plan to teach all of them a lesson of a lifetime. Highlighting the culture and uniqueness of a traditional Malay wedding in a village, the story follows city girl Farah, who is forced to hold her wedding in her hometown in the village instead of having it at an expensive or high class venue. This is so that she can fulfill her promise to her grandmother. Nevertheless, to hold a wedding in a village is not an easy task as she would require the help from various people including neighbours, relatives, friends, and let`s not forget - a large amount of patience. The movie shows how chaotic a village wedding can be, but at the same time, it is what makes Malaysian culture unique. Rokiah, A village girl who is messy (unfashionable) but full of spirit has been offered a job in a corporate company in the big city of Kuala Lumpur. Rokiah did not think she had to deal with such a condescending employer, Azmeer - a hot tempered man who calls himself "Mr. Perfect". Behind Azmeer's short tempered attitude, there's a secret that Azmeer kept to his late wife Khalisa. Azmeer has promised Khalisa that he would never marry another woman after her death; and due to that promise, It has affected Azmeer to become hot tempered. However, Azmeer's feelings towards Rokiah deepens as he slowly notices how Rokiah's behavior resembles his late wife Khalisa.  Azmeer tries to avoid falling for Rokiah, but the more he tries to avoid his feelings, the more his feelings towards her grew. The only dilemma in Azmeer's love life is the promise he made to his late wife Khalisa which is his Soulmate until Jannah. To honor the memory of her late husband and get closure, Gisele travels back to Canada. Joined by her daughter Candy, the two women embarck for an artistic trip upon the roads of Alberta. Along the way they meet Jacques, a native american actor who agrees to accompany them in their journey. Aminah is a beautiful but tomboyish girl who works at her father's motorcycle workshop. She dreams of owning a Yamaha RX-Z motorcycle, and when she finally gets her hands on one, her life as a female rider begins.  TOUR WITHOUT END (Twenty-One Portraits and a Protest) stars the legendary Wooster Group founder Kate Valk and Jim Fletcher (The NYC Players), and includes musicians Kathleen Hanna, Lizzie Bougatsos (Gang Gang Dance), Brontez Purnell (The Younger Lovers), and the poet Eileen Myles along with many other queer and feminist icons. Shot in real environments and situations, the core group of players improvise based on semi-scripted scenes. Because many of these performers are legendary in the downtown scene in  NYC, they are archetypes playing archetypes. As the players move in and out of fictionalized characters and real life -- the film moves in and out of non-linear narrative and historical document.   A grade school English teacher Sarah Gonzales joins the 150,000 Pinoy OFWs working in the United Kingdom to support her Husband, Teddy Gonzales in making a better living for their family. More than just a chronicle of the Filipinos experience working as nurses and caregivers in the UK, this story also charts Sarah's journey to self-discovery from a submissive wife who makes sacrifices for her Husband; Teddy's aspirations to an empowered woman who finds dignity and pride in a humbling job as a Caregiver in London. A girl named Tania loves to paint and is seen as weird by almost everyone, until a village boy joins her class and takes care of her when nobody else can. Their bond turns stronger and more intense after signing a business partnership. When a charming art businessman also takes part in her life, Tania's mind juggles between her best friend, her lover, and her late dad whom she misses. Oscar Peyrou is a veteran Spanish film critic who writes his reviews according to a very peculiar method: in his opinion, it is not really necessary to watch the films since it is possible to judge them simply by looking at their promotional poster. It's Easter in the beach house of a Chilean well-to-do and nowadays family. A self-centered and successful father, a disoriented mother and a son overshadowed by his successful father. The three of them, wait for the arrival of the son's first official girlfriend; a disturbing and rebellious young lady who will invade the house with her powerful sexual load and other "gifts", breaking loose an emotional cataclysm with no stepping back. Two best friends rent a beach house for the weekend only to discover it's been double booked so they'll have to share the place... with two beautiful women! To win the affection of these gorgeous gals our wannabe studs must throw the best beach bash ever to win the legendary Horndogs Beach Party. However a nosey neighbor and some selfish dude-bros have sabotage on their minds. Will our heroes win the girls' hearts? Can this be the greatest beach party ever? What time is the wet t-shirt contest? All will be revealed. Don't forget the lotion... the sun screen, you perverts. A young boy Manoj, who lives among the chaos and weirdness of his joint family, where the musician uncle feels suicidal after singing a wrong music note and a teacher who won't remember his education if he sits straight. Then there is the great-grandmother who is wreaking havoc around the house. Set in a small town in West Bengal, the story takes an interesting turn when Manoj's cow runs away and at the same time there is a group of vicious dacoits who are planning to rob the King. How things fall back into place is a story filled with drama and action and lots of laughter. Mayuri gets kidnapped when she is on a road trip with Krishna and DJ. However, the kidnapper releases her with a message for Krishna. The sacrifice of self, the acclaim, the adoring crowds -- classical pianist Marika Bournaki fits the role. But the title of Bobbi Jo Hart's award-winning biographical documentary, I am Not a Rock Star, speaks to the contradictions of Bournaki's life. Shot over a span of eight years - following the pianist from 12 to 20 years of age - Hart's film amounts to a front row seat in the unfolding of a life and the forming of a personality. Shot in verite style in concert halls, hotels and airports around the world and featuring stunning piano performances, the film turns Bournaki's life into a visual narrative, revealing both the rewards and costs of a life dedicated to music In the wake of her husband's death, Chedeng, 66, decides to come out of the closet. Her best friend Apple, 63, beheads her live-in partner in a fit of rage. Bound by friendship, the two elderly women, together with the severed head placed inside a Louis Vuitton bag, set off an adventure to find Chedeng's ex-girlfriend.  In the Philippine remake of the 2014 South Korean film of the same name, an elderly woman in her 70s suddenly finds herself to be in her 20s after having her picture taken in a mysterious photo studio. Four stories intersect in a zentai meeting hotel, the sexual discipline, and fetish whose practitioners wear lycra suits and rub each other. Mother and daughter recognize each other in a ritual, a man does not decide what to wear, a coach loses his authority and two lovers never see their faces. An elite G.I. Joe team confronts a Cobra force in Springfield, USA to rescue a comrade and deal with a traitor. 20 men are chosen to participate in the roles of guards and prisoners in a psychological study that ultimately spirals out of control. A broke British nobleman (Nigel Patrick) targets his Canadian uncle (Charles Coburn), but other relatives get in the way. After witnessing firsthand the daily struggles women face, Sunday Banks assembles a support group to gather in friendship, love and faith. But when one member begins to steer away from the path God paved for her, the ladies decide to use all their resources to transform her into a precious jewel. Jimmy is getting married and he gathers his buddies for the legendary bachelor. All is surprisingly normal this time and the wedding day is here. But something will disturb this wedding.  A man wanders out of the desert not knowing who he is. His brother finds him, and helps to pull his memory back of the life he led before he walked out on his family and disappeared four years earlier. Jess is super excited to attend her step-sister's wedding and truly become part of the family, but after only recently finding out about her existence, her step-family are less than delighted about her presence on the big day.  Two former co-workers, Eric and Alex, have been recently laid off of their jobs and they run into each other on a job interview. While searching for new jobs, they forge a personal relationship that involves Alex, a womanizing ladies' man, helping the naive and recently dumped Eric understand women better.  When Frank finds his happy home under attack by a dangerous but largely unknown breed of shark, he's enlists the aid of the world's only "House Shark" expert and a grizzled former real estate agent to embark on a desperate quest to destroy the beast and claim back his life. An accidental affair leads to an extraordinary story of a unique family set up where the two characters play mother to the same child. Five boys finds connection in each other while dealing with school, love and family problems. Chhakka Panja 3 is a 2018 Nepalese dark comedy crime drama film directed by Deepa Shree Niraula with the help of Deepak Raj Giri and is written and produced by Deepa Shree Niraula, Deepak Raj Giri, Kedar Ghimire and Jeetu Nepal for Aama Sarswoti Movies. It is the 3rd film in the Chhakka Panja series.  Based on Charan Singh Pathik's short story Do Behnein, Pataakha narrates the story of two feuding sisters who realize the true nature of their relationship only after marriage separates them. A prototype of a  new cutting edge tank is being taken on a secret mission to Moscow, to Comrade Stalin. Soon the cross-country run turns into a ruthless race. Followed by Nazis, the tanks' team defeats their pursuers and proves the great ability and vast superiority of the machine that is about to become a legendary T-34. In an alternate universe where twinned worlds have opposite gravities, a young man battles interplanetary prejudice and the laws of physics in his quest to reunite with the long-lost girl of his dreams in this visually stunning romantic adventure that poses the question: what if love was stronger than gravity?  Gu Xiaojiao, a young girl from 2018 and Lu Ming, a man from 1999, discover that they have both woken up in the same bed at the same space-time. More surprisingly, they realize that they can time travel by exiting the bedroom door. The fun begins when they start to plan a number of changes within these two eras. However, they do not know that their destiny is in the hands of a mysterious person. The ghost of a teen heiress must team up with a nerd to solve her murder. Kate Mayer seems to have it all: a nice suburban house, two loving children and a devoted husband. But Kate is anything but happy. She is disappointed not only with her marriage, but with her entire life. In her pursuit of happiness, this frustrated mother files for divorce and gets her first-ever job, working in a small real estate agency. To complicate matters, Kate finds herself strongly attracted to her kindhearted boss, Mac. The surprising twist? Mac happens to be a woman. Will Kate have the courage to risk following her heart? It's one woman's emotional journey of self-discovery. A newly-wed couple who find themselves in a tight spot after husband loses his job in Dubai. Will he manage to get his act together and deal with the crisis on his own? In/Side/Out I-VI proposes a series of variations from abstract, geometric images to a more temporal abstraction, allowing the reintegration of figurative images. This confrontation is done under the sign of the alternation, creating a network of identification which is diversified, preventing any reconstitution of corp (u) s. This fragmentation is redoubled by the reduction of the images by two inside the frame. Teo, a young and struggling actor, disguises himself as a 79 year old man to take advantage from the benefits of a retirement home, while also trying to sort out his personal and love life. Disconnect interweaves multiple storylines about people searching for human connection in today's wired world. Through poignant turns that are both harrowing and touching, the stories intersect with surprising twists that expose a shocking reality into our daily use of technology that mediates and defines our relationships and ultimately our lives.  Agathe Langlois, Parisian until the end of the nails well varnishes, is delighted: she is going to be confirmed as a professor of English. The happiness of the good news will not last as she learns that she is deployed to the countryside. Contrasting the idyllic images of a fisherman at work with city industry in the background A teenage comedy film about a young Yorkie. "Rising" opened the first movie on screen.  The story of fun gangs of teenage age 15+ hormones gurgling at the curiosity to try on their love and sex has spread out. Advert exhorting people to post early for Christmas.  the four heroes created by Alexandre Dumas: D'Artagnan (Pierfrancesco Favino), Athos (Rocco Papaleo), Aramis (Sergio Rubini) and Porthos (Valerio Mastandrea). Today I am an ungrammatical cattle breeder, a lustful castellan, a friar indebted and a drunken innkeeper, who will be musketeers again for patriotism. A movie about Merle, and Bo going out to find Bigfoot. A cold,husband has his marriage on the verge of failure. One day he will begin an affair with an eccentric and impulsive woman who will awaken the sensitive and affected man who slept in him. But this new attitude of his will make his wife believe that he is interested in her again, reliving the relationship. Thus, when the situation becomes untenable, the husband must make a difficult decision between moving forward with his recovered marriage or go along with a vertiginous romance that could make him a better person. Elvy is making every effort to win the Future Fashion Award in Ibiza. She meets a lot of special people, from world-famous DJs and stressed-out Beach Club owners, to fashion influencers and the daughter of a famous fashion icon. It will be the adventure of her life, but in the end it's very different from what she had imagined... A tourist group from all parts of India gone on holiday to Fiji Island encountering various situations and their holiday turns to a patriotic mission. By navigating local Fijian don named Chhoti Goli (Ali Asgar) and with help if inspector Ram (Mukul Dev) they succeed in their mission over international wanted criminal Kazaam (Rahul Dev) making India proud. It's a one of its cinematic experience for Gujarati cinema. A screenwriter recruits a group of eccentric characters to go and find a missing teenage girl, with the intention of turning the search into a true story script. Lala's life is turning 180deg when she met her first love, Yudhis. At first, Yudhis was nice and protecting. But turns out, Yudhis's love is more than that. A rousing dog and man comedy composed of just 61 shots, and set in Shenyang in northeastern China, where people argue continuously. The film takes off from the premises of an MA student losing his professor's dog and must enlist his father's help to retrieve it, lest his prospects of a tutorship vanishes. A biting satire on every conceivable ill in modern Society, and an endearing portrait of a father-and-son relationship. After a terrible air disaster, survivor Max Klein emerges a changed person. Unable to connect to his former life or to wife Laura, he feels godlike and invulnerable. When psychologist Bill Perlman is unable to help Max, he has Max meet another survivor, Carla Rodrigo, who is racked with grief and guilt since her baby died in the crash which she and Max survived. Delia, a faded movie star, finds out she is dying and looks for someone to care for her chronically ill husband, Sammy. Using their trusty old Mercedes Benz, the two travel far in the hopes of finding acceptance and forgiveness from Sammy's estranged family. With raging boy hormones and the laugh quotient turned on full, Chris Salvatore and Daniel Skelton return, along with Rebekah Kochan and cult icon Mink Stole in the fourth installment of Q. Allan Brocka's hilarious and over-the-top sexual antic-laden Eating Out series! "Maska" is the latest animated film of Quay brothers, directors and puppet animators, with the music composed by Krzysztof Penderecki. The film is an adaptation of Stanislaw Lem's short story of the same title. The action of "Maska" is set in a technologically developed but, at the same time, feudal world. Beautiful Duenna was created in order to carry out certain mission. However, she will be forced to choose between accomplishing the task she was created for and love. For one month every year, five highly competitive friends hit the ground running in a no-holds-barred game of tag they've been playing since the first grade. This year, the game coincides with the wedding of their only undefeated player, which should finally make him an easy target. But he knows they're coming...and he's ready. De la cabeza con Bersuit Vergarabat (2002) is an album by the band Bersuit Vergarabat Argentina, recorded live in commemoration of the 10 years since the first CD (Y Punto, 1992). In this CD were reflected old songs and two new songs: "Un Pacto" and "Perro Amor Explota".  The film tells the life of Maria Fe, a young woman who faces singleness after six years of relationship. Along with her two soul friends, played by Karina Jordan and Jely Reategui, the girl must learn to be single again. On the way, you will run into old loves, new adventures and lots of fun. Matthew is a boy who just left school. He is handsome and athletic and believes himself to be gay. He retains a friendship with only one school friend, Phil, who has stuck by Matthew despite hostile reactions from his peers. As their relationship grows more intense, Phil's girlfriend Sharon and his classmates become vindictive and aggressive. The two friends find themselves ostracized by both friends and family and decide to run away. Seyed Javad Hashemi after several years of acting, directing the first film in the genre of children's speaking at theaters.A film based on a folk tale and add a few other characters such as Sir Mouse and Aunt Beetle.The main theme of the story of the battle between good and evil, which the narrator's story begins to reveal its story.White forehead, the main character is a prisoner of octopus and associates (hag and crone) is.Sir Moses as a successful hero in the white forehead is free and defeat the oppressors. human haji abdullahi Fox so good in the role play. Amin Zendegan also play a role crone well presented.According to the director's first film did respectable.Meanwhile, the film's portrayal is acceptable.In the end, after many notable work in the genre of children's theater production of Iran.  Packed full of laughs! A funny thing happens when a small time private eye (Q Hustle) becomes a victim of guilt by association and is forced to team up with a small time street hustler who can't seem to stay out of trouble. With no game plan and teamed with a guy he just met, Q must now figure out a way to pull off an impossible heist and solve his biggest case ever at the same time. When Sanlian's ex-husband passes away, she discovers he has altered his insurance policy, cutting out their son in favor of a stranger named Jay. A young woman returns to her small hometown to rediscover music, family bonds, and the magic of the Christmas season.  A Cockney poses as his drowned double, who is saved and poses as a chauffeur. Ronnie, Wal, Andy and Vic are four bored, unemployed teens in dreary, rainy Glasgow. Ronnie comes up with a great idea. He has noticed that stainless steel sinks are worth a lot of money and comes up with a complicated scheme: to steal sinks from a warehouse dressed as girls and using a stop-motion-potion. The spoiled daughter of a well-to-do plantation owner is forced to use every means at her disposal to claw her way out of poverty, following Maj. Gen. William Sherman's destructive "March to the Sea," during the American Civil War. A former narcotics smuggler, now living peaceably in the Calabrian hills, is drawn back into his family's drug-trade dynasty by his impetuous teenage son. Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon is recruited by the Vatican to investigate the apparent return of the Illuminati - a secret, underground organization - after four cardinals are kidnapped on the night of the papal conclave. After neglecting his family for almost 20 years, Johny WW Lengkong, a sailor, returns to Manado to meet them -- in hopes that his mother and wife will forgive him.  The events that took place at the beach of El Tarajal in Ceuta (Spain) in February 2014 - the killing by the border police of 15 people who were trying to reach the Spanish coast - are an example of how the police force can violate the laws of its own country and international conventions with total impunity. The worst part is that this violation of human rights is protected by the Spanish Ministry of Interior itself, which hinders any effective action by the prosecution. For this reason, the civil society plays a fundamental role in revealing the facts. This is where the figure of collective complaints (DESC Observatory and the association Coordinadora de Barrios) steps in. MATIAS, a 10-year-old boy, escapes from his home in a tantrum and ends up getting on a bus to any place, until he is found by ROGELIO, a 40-year-old man who works as a restaurant clown. Drag queen Heklina gets roasted by a group of comedians and drag queens, filmed live at the Castro Theatre. The woman of the house notices that the dog Bobo hardly touches his dog food. So she takes him to a canine psychiatrist. He recommends she and her husband treat Bobo as "one of the family". That means the man has to tolerate it when Bobo takes the evening paper and one of his master's cigars. But he won't let him watch his dog adventure show when there's a baseball game on or have the whole steak at dinner. And if Bobo wants to really be a part of the family, wait till he gets assigned some chores.  Amber Vickers is ecstatic that she will finally be making the walk down the aisle with her prince charming Luke. After multiple failed relationships, she was beginning to think that something was wrong; but her soon-to-be mother-in-law and best friend, Jill, believes that Amber is the picture-perfect daughter she never had. Everything is coming up roses until Sharon Vickers, Amber's mother, arrives for a visit. Gaudy, straight-laced and opinionated, Sharon is the complete opposite of Jill. What was supposed to be a benign first meeting of the in-law's quickly turns into a competition, as Sharon and Jill have widely differing views on life, love and marriage. As the weekend visit is coming to an end, Sharon takes matters into her own hands, rendering Jill incapable of escaping her house, and proving to her once and for all that no one comes between Sharon and her daughter.    After Air Force One goes down during a storm over the Bermuda Triangle, the United States Navy is dispatched to find the escape pod holding the President. A giant monster beneath the ocean awakens and attacks the fleet. If there's one thing this wild group of friends at an all-girls high school has learned, it's how to get what they want! So when word leaks out that their school is about to merge with an all-boys academy, some of the students strike back... and the girls wage an all-out assault in an outrageous battle of the sexes! Dev (Rajniesh) is an Assistant Director working in television serials and aspires to direct a film. He approaches Raj Chopra( Krushna Abhishek), a superstar actor with his story. Raj Chopra... Four police officers open up a lobster restaurant as a cover in order to catch a notorious drug dealer, only to find their secret recipe is more popular than they expect.  When they get caught up in their new business venture, they find a bigger conspiracy at work. The film follows several separate stories, which are all connected by a young lawyer who re-opens some cases in which a final judgment was thrown, including death penalties. The lawyer thinks that suspected criminals are not the real ones, and submits a request to re-investigate the cases to the attorney general, with the help of some information stored on a memory card. Four friends, with a bittersweet history, get drunk and embark on a journey to Goa . On the trip, they lose an expensive ring which threatens to derail one of their's engagement.  They end up confronting one another and their own fears, as they enroll in a short film making competition in Goa to try and win the prize money for the ring. A meatball seller gets into trouble so flees Istanbul to find a new life on a beautiful island. TWO IN THE BUSH is an unconventional romantic comedy about dungeons, a fish named Archimedes, and the many forms that love takes.  A troll named Leaf and his sidekick, Bellyrumble, set out on an epic journey to save the imprisoned King Basil, and gain the love of a lonely princess. Josue, an eccentric high-school boy, sets out to win the heart of his classmate Martina before graduation. Nothing prepared ROD (Ryan Agoncillo ) and MIA ALVAREZ (Judy Ann Santos) for the major changes that took place in their lives. ROD worked as a manager of a bank while MIA opted to remain a housewife taking care of their two children -- MIGO and KAYE -- with an occasional sideline of selling insurance. MIA gave up her promising career in sales because ROD wanted to be the padre de familia. For ROD, it was the role of the man to provide for his wife and children ... in the same manner that there was a clear cut delineation as to what are the duties of a husband from that of the wife. Fabien, former star of a television show, always seems disoriented when he wakes up. He feels abandoned since the disappearance of Corinne, his co-star, whom he loved so much. Nothing surprises him already, not even his encounter with Yoni, a sad young man, who carries in a bag a beautiful and disturbing token of his own loss. As a result of his excellent record in Niederkaltenkirchen, Franz Eberhofer is promoted to Munich, the Bavarian capital of crime. It's just as well his creature comforts are well catered for in the form of his grandmother's care-packages. But he has hardly had time to settle into his new post before he finds himself coming face to face with inner-city criminals. His father's car is stolen on his very first visit and although it turns up again before long, that's only the start of the trouble. The corpse of a young Serbian woman is found in the boot, and once again Franz finds himself with his work cut out. Following an end-of-term school ceremony, the American boy Bobby decides to go with his friend Akkun into the mountains outside their village, to a place perfect for a secret base. On the way they stop into a mysterious amusement park. They have fun there, but are attacked and cannot leave. Falling in with some other children who are also lost there, they fend off a number of attacks, and gradually learn the truth behind the facility.  Lucrecia, Pedro, and their teenage kids Julian and Florencia set out from Buenos Aires one sweltering day in a rattletrap Renault to vacation in the Brazilian summer resort of Florianopolis. "I do not care if we go down in history as barbarians." These words, spoken in the Council of Ministers of the summer of 1941, started the ethnic cleansing on the Eastern Front. The film attempts to comment on this statement.  When a woman's father goes missing, she enlist a local to aid in her search.  The pair soon discover that her father has died at the hands of a wealthy sportsman who hunts homeless men as a form of recreation.  Raka meets Gani, an ex prisoner who is in the run from a mob. A group of kids agree to explore an abandon house in order to win a reality show contest, which requires them to prove that the stories of the evil Kuntilanak are real. They soon discover that the ghost is very much real when it appears from an old mirror and starts haunting them.     The story about the sensational diva Syahrini and her clumsy bodyguards. Feature film based on manga series "Dolmen X" by Yuna Takagi. Mischievously self-assured Mara and somewhat eccentric Hedus set out into the frozen wastes in search of adventure - by car, naturally. After all, Mara's turning fifteen soon. A road movie about the flies that occasionally buzz around even in winter, and a story that tells of the elusive bond of boyhood friendship and the irrepressible desire to experience something, even if you don't exactly know what. Nicky Larson is tasked to recover the perfume of Cupid, a perfume that would make anyone who uses it irresistible. Vallikudilile Vellakkaran is a Malayalam movie starring Balu Varghese and Renji Panicker in prominent roles. It is a comedy drama directed by Mr.Duglus Alfred. A pathetic minor league Soccer Goalkeeper was given a task - to spend 1 Billion in thirty days, if successful he will get 30 Billion. However, he's not allowed to tell anyone about the task and he must not own any valuables by end of it. Khalid and Kehailan are two team leaders who are passionate about car racing and challenges. They enter into a crazy competition to win the challenge involving a lot of surprises, which unexpectedly change both their lives. With a new principal in town and the Spring Fling in jeopardy, Rhyme and the Chicken Girls must band together to save the dance. Following the crazy advice of two shamans, an aspiring chef appeals to an incredible resource to win a national cooking competition: he publicly commits to personally dive to the bottom of the sea, find a sleeping shark, wake it up and turn it into a ceviche. An influential politician on his deathbed reveals the whereabouts of an illegal money stash to his trusted aide, a local MLA who becomes amnesiac after meeting with an accident. A convict on death row escapes from prison and accidentally ends up with a retired veteran who is called upon by the authorities to teach the process of hanging a convict to the new staff. During the day Paola is an ordinary primary school teacher, but at night, she turns into...The Christmas Witch, a magical creature who brings gifts to the good kids. One night, Paola disappears, kidnapped by Mr. Johnny, a cruel Toymaker who got his childhood ruined by the Witch and is now seeking revenge. A group of six brave pupils who found out their teacher's secret, will live an extraordinary adventure to rescue her. Will they be able to save Paola and Christmas? The Dolphin Bar is a Malayalam drama film directed by Diphan, starring Suresh Gopi and Anoop Menon in the lead role, which is produced by Arun M C and written by Anoop Menon Ikram's relationship (Farid Kamil) with his father, Tok Moh (Hamdan) is not so good. Ikram was forced to return to the village to visit his sick father, even after being persuaded by his wife, Anis (Sharisa Haris). Upon arrival in the village, Ikram had misappropriated the medicine and opened the bottle and released a ghost named Mak Yah (Atikah Suhaime). Join Team StarKid as they return to the University of Michigan (where it all started) for "A Very StarKid Reunion!" Featuring the talents of over thirty StarKid members, and a collection of songs and scenes from every musical they've ever produced, this special reunion concert is one for the history books. Seriously, they're going to write about this show in future history books. It's that good!  So grab some popcorn, your family, your dog, your neighbors, some strangers off the street, and enjoy the full two and a half hour concert in its entirety! A bitter ad executive who has reached his breaking point, finds himself in a mental institution where his career actually begins to thrive with the help of the hospital's patients. A romantic comedy film directed Rajesh Bhuyan, starring Nayan Nilim in the lead role. A group of mismatched friends spend a weekend together in Maine. Cell phone novelist Yukina Himuro has decided that in order to satisfy her fans' demand for love stories, she must experience romance firsthand. However, with her icy reputation, how can she find someone willing to play the part of boyfriend? By blackmailing the most popular boy in school, of course. A mail room slacker accidentally kills himself in a bizarre experiment and finds himself sentenced to Purgatory...working in the mail room. There, he falls for his beautiful manager and to win her heart he must stop a greedy real estate mogul from selling Purgatory and sending everyone to Hell. A fisherman crosses paths with a diamond-smuggling gangster who is his double and inadvertently takes his place at a resort hotel where he meets a special girl. A comedy/horror mockumentary that chronicles the unravelling of a production team who are attempting to produce the ultimate reality TV show pilot "Extremely Haunted Hoarders". The team consists of a Professional Organizer, a Psychologist, two ghost hunters, and a crew of junk removers. They arrive in Rockford, Ohio, the hoarder capital of America. There they meet Murph Evans, a legendary hoarder with three crammed and condemned mansions. In their efforts to de-clutter the properties and reform Murph's habit, the intervention unearths a literal house of horrors. Opal hadn't planned on traveling alone in the unfamiliar city of Austin, Texas, but that's how she finds herself when she meets Wyatt. Though they stumbled upon each other under somewhat undesirable circumstances, they set out for a day in the city that Opal will never forget (no matter how hard she tries).  Twisted horror segments intertwined with cute, fluffy, family-friendly hamster videos. The filmmakers were so preoccupied with whether or not they could, they didn't stop to think if they should. Jo Yong-pil establishes a band and receives a lot of local support. His girlfriend helps him produce an album and distributes it to dj's across the nation to help Yong-pil achieve stardom. In the summer of 2021, a research group scouting for viable sites for development arrives at Armenaki Island, where people live with their own laws and their own moral values, having found happiness in a completely different way of life. In the middle of a routine patrol, officer Daniel Carter happens upon a blood-soaked figure limping down a deserted stretch of road. He rushes the young man to a nearby rural hospital staffed by a skeleton crew, only to discover that patients and personnel are transforming into something inhuman. As the horror intensifies, Carter leads the other survivors on a hellish voyage into the subterranean depths of the hospital in a desperate bid to end the nightmare before it's too late. Hosa Prem, English title 'Capturing True Love' is an Assamese language romantic comedy film by Pramod Sahoo. The film is written by Pramod Sahoo and produced by Aabegg Entertainment Pvt Ltd. It stars Shree Brojen Bora, Kalpa Jyoti Gogoi and Tapashree Kalita in lead roles. The movie revolves around a typical Pakistani family living in Toronto, Canada. The family is busy in organising a desi wedding for their two sons in Toronto. A new drug is taking over the streets, coating them in blood, vomit, and other less savory fluids. The six eye-opening stories in this anthology reveal the truth about this new white menace. Rio is a high school student in Tokyo. Her mother tells her she will spend the summer in the countryside. There, she meets Ginzo. He is a high school student and handsome. They fall in love. A group of pointless Turkish characters just wander around with no point in this pointless movie. Good Girl Gone Bad Live is the first music DVD and Blu-Ray release video from R&amp;B singer Rihanna. It was released on 13 June, 2008 in Europe. The DVD includes the show from the MEN Arena in Manchester, England, filmed during The Good Girl Gone Bad Tour on the 6 December, 2007. This DVD was nominated for one of the 51st Grammy Awards for Best Long Form Music Video. Joko is a boy trying to help his family survive, while Zoey is a girl hoping to prove herself to the world. Opportunity rises when Sasha is looking to hire a new personal assistant. Just one catch - they have to compete against each other! Will their own goals prevail, or will they set aside their differences and find true happiness and love in the end? David Callaway tries to piece together his life in the wake of his wife's suicide and has been left to raise his nine-year-old daughter, Emily on his own. David is at first amused to discover that Emily has created an imaginary friend named 'Charlie', but it isn't long before 'Charlie' develops a sinister and violent side, and as David struggles with his daughter's growing emotional problems, he comes to the frightening realisation that 'Charlie' isn't just a figment of Emily's imagination. Remake of the Italian movie "Perfetti sconosciuti (2016)". During a lunar eclipse, seven friends gather for dinner and decide to play a game in which they must share with each other the content of every message, email or phone call they receive throughout the evening. A young man gets married before his older sister leaving her bitter, jealous, and without a proper dowry. Two girls have a chance encounter and instantly befriend. While trying to find themselves, they decide to pursue music together. A dive into Arthur C. Clarke's life, writer and co-scriptwriter of '2001: a Space Odyssey' by its search for an extraterrestrial civilization. A story of four friends who leave their jobs as painting laborers and venture into the world of fisheries with the help of an old Lambretta scooter. Xiaogin transferred to the third school during his fifth year at high school. During the winter vacation, his grandparents tricked him into returning to the hotel which was founded by his parents. Xiaogin's classmates Little Princess and Lu Qun tagged along uninvited to escape being bullied at school.  While the three boys were temporarily staying at Xiaogin's family hotel, they quickly found out that the hotel was in terrible shape and was also haunted. Xiaogin and his friends have developed an extremely close friendship while they are trying to step closer to the truth. Will they find out the secret that hides underneath the steaming hot springs?  Inspired by the work of cinematic auteur Neil Breen, this follows the story of hacker and patriot MC Dalton as he takes on the Corporation and the Bank to protect his country and the wife he thought was long dead. What follows is a deep, introspective look into what technology and capitalism has done and will continue to do to the American dream... and how we can control it. Claudio works on a site in the suburbs of Rome. He is madly in love with his wife who is pregnant with their third child. However, a dramatic event comes to upset this simple and happy life. In a rage for life, Claudio energetically fights against the injustice that fell upon him. Love and support from his friends and family as well as the laughter of his children will help him to triumph against the odds. Discontent with the monotony of his life, young man Kirk decides to start living differently.  Out On Stage is the absolutely hilarious and one of a kind, originally produced comedy hosted by Zach Noe Towers! See OUT Magazine's 1 of the 10 comedians to watch in 2018,' the comedian that Sarah Silverman calls,'So, so, so funny' and 17 other top rated Gay and Lesbian stand-up comedians discuss taboo subjects as only they can! At a picturesque lakeside estate, a love triangle unfolds between the legendary diva Irina, her lover Boris, and the ingenue Nina. With his first Dogma-95 film director Lars von Trier opens up a completely new film platform. With a mix of home-video and documentary styles the film tells the story of a group of young people who have decided to get to know their "inner-idiots" and thus not only facing and breaking their outer appearance but also their inner. Frano, a film director, is preparing his debut feature, which will focus on women affected by the collapse of the textile industry in the region. The topic, as well as the main character, is inspired by his aunt who used to work in the industry. In order to find the star of the film, he invites three esteemed actresses to his apartment for an informal reading rehearsal. However, as soon as they realise they are competing against each other for the lead role, things take an unexpected turn. Ridwan Imam Fadli, called Imam by his friends, has a very Islamic name buat doesn't fulfill his responsibilities as a Muslim. His girlfriend Widya has already finished college and is working. They've been dating four years and have been waiting for Imam to graduate so they can get married, though he keeps failing to advance. Imam's not happy with the way Widya has to behave at work.  When Imam accompanies his friend Billy to Sam Po Khong in Semarang, he meets Chen Jia Li, a muslim girl from China whose on vacation before her planned marriage to Ma Fu Hsien, owner of an Islamic and Wing Chun boarding school in Beijing. Imam starts to fall for the hijab wearing Chen Jia Li because of her friendliness and grace. Imam feels comfortable with Chen Jia Li. She never forces, tells, or even asks why Imam doesn't pray. For her, Imam's willingness to worship has to come from within. Ganapathi, a cartoonist, is diagnosed with a neurological disorder called Alien Hand Syndrome, which poses a hindrance in his daily life. Despite the disorder, Ganapathi attempts to achieve his goal and also goes on to woo the girl he loves. This story is based on a long forgotten folklore of Veera and her brother, adapted in today's time. It still has the essence of Guru Nanaks blessings to mankind. A starry-eyed employee of a hot cosmetics company hires a dreamy photographer who is secretly indebted to a major rival -- her sketchy aunt.   An almost Chekhovian story about a once successful director making his last film, in spite of everything and everybody, in his country house. Strange guests, vain actors, somewhat eccentric neighbours and the director are reason enough for the author's irony, and sometimes sarcasm. And you remember? Chekhov's guns always fire! Upon returning to earth, a withdrawn woman named Melody hires an oddball private eye to track down the man who helped her escape from an alien zoo on Neptune. Or maybe it was Pluto. YouTubers Brendan Mitchell and his pint-sized sidekick Gabriel Mercado make their long-awaited return to Sin City. They double-down with new crew members and a mysterious fanny pack. Five female filmmakers en route to screen their new horror film in Los Angeles, experience their own real life terror when they cross paths with deranged scientist hellbent on using them for his twisted experiments.   After 6 years together, Mike's girlfriend leaves him, so he travels to LA to be a star. Six months on, he's still not doing very well-- so a few of his friends try to reconnect him to the social scene and hopefully help him forget his failed relationship. Two bumbling private detectives get themselves hired to find a missing person. They find themselves in the middle of a mob war when it turns out that the missing person is somebody the mob wants to stay missing. Corporate billionaire Edward Cole and working class mechanic Carter Chambers are worlds apart. At a crossroads in their lives, they share a hospital room and discover they have two things in common: a desire to spend the time they have left doing everything they ever wanted to do and an unrealized need to come to terms with who they are. Together they embark on the road trip of a lifetime, becoming friends along the way and learning to live life to the fullest, with insight and humor. Following a city councils decision, a women's shelter will soon be closed and social workers have only three months to accommodate the residents. In this hilarious laughter riot, a young man, like almost every other Punjabi, aspires to live his eternal Canadian dream. Struggling with his English and unable to clear the IELTS exam, he enrolls himself at an IELTS class. Three unemployed men find the answer to all their money problems when they receive a call from a kidnapper. However, things do not go as planned. Johnny is a thief who never got caught. One day he find Adam changed his life A Wall Street investment banker who has been set up as the linchpin of his company's mob-backed Ponzi scheme is relocated with his family to Aunt Madea's southern home. The imminent death of a matriarch forces her whole family to reunite. From her dying confession, other hidden episodes will come to light. Each of the family members will face what they would prefer remained buried. Nobody is free of killing for love. Days before the November mid-term Elections, three young girls who are a Muslim, Mexican and Haitian, are stalked by a deranged killer dressed as the POTUS. Jonathan Fritz returns to his unique format and films this show live from multiple locations. This yuletide treat is a special Christmas episode which features even more tales of darkness and the macabre. Feeling his marriage with a sex doll has grown stale, Gunther purchases a new doll to spice up his life. Sota Nishino (Ryusei Yokohama) is a good looking high school student. He meets Mai who is his friend Yukihiro Nanase's younger sister. She is also a high school student and somewhat naive. Sota Nishino mutters to Yukihiro Nanase "Your sister is cute." Mai overhears Sota's remark through the thin wall between her room and her brother's room. Thirteen-year-old Jessie is in love with Michael, a 17-year-old guitar instructor and aspiring musician. When she finally captures his interest, she lies and tells him she's 16. But what will Michael do when he discovers the truth?  Kurmayian is a Punjabi movie released on 14 Sep, 2018. The movie is directed by Gurmeet Saajan,Manjeet Singh Tony and featured Harjit Harman, Gurmeet Saajan, Japji Khaira and Nirmal Rishi as lead characters. Other popular actors who were roped in for Kurmayian are Harby Sangha, Hobby Dhaliwal, Hardeep Gill, Prakash Gadhu and Anita Devgan. Sir Robert Chiltern is a successful Government minister, well-off and with a loving wife. All this is threatened when Mrs Cheveley appears in London with damning evidence of a past misdeed. Sir Robert turns for help to his friend Lord Goring, an apparently idle philanderer and the despair of his father. Goring knows the lady of old, and, for him, takes the whole thing pretty seriously. Two old friends who grew up together in the 80's now find themselves overwhelmed by their unhappy lives to the point that one of them is almost going to commit suicide. The year is 1983 and Yaakov Cohen, the owner of a Jerusalem printing press, is tired from being pushed around. It seems that he was born on the wrong side, with the wrong family name and in a moment's decision he decides to establish a Sephardic-ultra-Orthodox list that will run to the Jerusalem municipality. He gathers two friends, and together they improvise a campaign - no means, no connections, no money, but with much rage, passion and a sense of justice. An organised arts teacher has only one main problem in life, which is his father - a painter always going from one party to the next. When the father lives through his second heart attack and still refuses to change his lifestyle, Julius will have to find a way to influence his behaviour. In order to get his daughter away from her suitors, her father decides to spirit her away to Bermuda. Our hero, however, stows away on the ship. When discovered, he is credited with catching a crook, thus winning a reward and the girl. Ananta, Sujoy, Ananda and Rajasaunkar Dhol who were very close friends from childhood. Ananta, a fashion photographer lived in a rented house, which is owned by Khagen Mal. His three ... When perpetual never-do-well, August, hits rock bottom, he breaks into his rich neighbor's apartment to steal some money. When she turns up badly injured, he panics and hits the road, but he soon realizes he's being followed by an ominous stranger. Will his bad decisions finally destroy him, or can August find redemption? Das is a sincere doctor who gets kicked out of a corporate hospital and starts working at a private clinic. On the other hand, Deva is a dreaded don who is on the run. During a gun fight with his enemies, Deva gets hurt and reaches Das's hospital and gets treated there. This small meeting between Deva and Das turns into a deep friedship. As time passes by, one crucial incident regarding Deva and his mafia background causes a rift in the friendship. Little boy Artem with his parents recently moved from a big city to a small Carpathian village. Holidays are coming and, like all children, Artem is waiting for St. Nicholas. And one day Nicholas appears in front of him by his own person. But in fact he's not Saint at all, under his guise an ordinary thief hides himself. Artem and his friends will show all their courage, ingenuity and agility to expose the villain. Welcome to the largest human gathering ever in this one-hour special, World's Biggest Festival: Kumbh Mela.  Imagine a crowd so massive, it is visible from space.  A crowd, likely 100 million strong, intent on just one thing: bathing in a sacred river to wash away sins and gain a chance at a new beginning.  In the World's Biggest Festival: Kumbh Mela, experience the dazzling spectacle of spiritual fervour and collective diversity as Hindus from across the globe converge on the Maha Kumbh Mela.  Not only is it the world's largest religious festival, but it is also believed to be the largest gathering of humans in one place, at one time on Earth. This outrageously funny look at one man's final moments of bachelorhood stars Tom Hanks as Rick, reluctant recipient of a bachelor bash given by a group of friends who view partying as their full-time religion. Rick's worried fiancee, Debbie (Tawny Kitaen), dresses up in disguise and crashes the party to spy on her future husband. Coming soon.. Periyasamy, an idler, hopes to enjoy life as a rich man by making his son, Murali woo Mynaa, who, he thinks, is the daughter of a wealthy jeweller. Little does he realise that Mynaa is actually the daughter of a beggar! An expatriate Punjabi family heads to India after years of being away from their homeland. While the elders long to return to their roots, the young ones in the family are not too keen on this homecoming and hope to return to Canada soon. As both the generations vie to prove their point to one another, a hilarious series of events ensues. Set in the backdrop of Angamaly, Cuban Colony tells the tale of five close friends whose friendship is tested by the challenges they face in their otherwise happy life and how they deal with the challenges in their own style. A hard-working waitress at a dimsum restaurant was fired because she was accused of being a "pelakor", or also known as a woman who steals other woman's husband. The waitress now working at a martabak restaurant where she fell in love with the restaurant owner. Joe Santani (Wingky Wiryawan) is a rocker whose musical career is running out. He is losing his creativity and purpose of life. One day someone from his past, Ujang (Iang Darmawan) comes at his home to deliver the message from Abah Rahman (Shanjaya), head of Sinar Asih village, Joe's hometown: asking him to go home. He hopes this trip will rediscover his inspiration and purpose of life. In the village of Sinar Asih, he meets again with people from his past. One of them is Andini, the woman who has many memories with him. The problem is getting more complicated when the village of Sinar Asih is experiencing the kerosene crisis and the health condition of Abah Rahman is not possible to lead the villagers through the crisis. Jacqueline is living an unfulfilled life in a doomed marriage. After a chance encounter with a former classmate, she rethinks her life's choices and wishes she could go back to high school for a do-over. Like a Christmas miracle, Jacqueline awakens to find herself as a high school senior again with the ability to change everything. Sunny Holiday, an aspiring singing star, abandons his wife and young baby to set off on a nine-month tour of bleak western towns. He takes off with his road manager in a pink Chrysler in search of their own version of the American Dream: a country loving audience. Mrs Erlynne, the mother of Lady Windermere - her daughter does not know about her - wants to be introduced in society, so that she can marry Lord Augustus Lorton. Lord Windermere, who helped her with a cheque, invites her to his wifes birthday-party, but Lady Windermere thinks, she has reason to be jealous, so she decides to leave her husband and go to Lord Darlington, who is pining for her. Mrs Erlynne finds this out and tries to prevent her of this mistake, but her daughter leaves her fan in Lord Darlingtons residence. When obscenely rich hedge-fund manager James is convicted of fraud and sentenced to a stretch in San Quentin, the judge gives him one month to get his affairs in order. Knowing that he won't survive more than a few minutes in prison on his own, James desperately turns to Darnell-- a black businessman who's never even had a parking ticket -- for help. As Darnell puts James through the wringer, both learn that they were wrong about many things, including each other. How far will you go for art's sake? Yogi Juan, Philippine Showbiz's Golden Boy, takes every role seriously. His devoted housewife Sari supports him and role-plays along. But when Sari learns that Yogi's upcoming role is a serial killer, can she revise the morbid fate that awaits her? Diamond Babu (Sumanth Shailendra) is person who is obsessed with brands, he inherits the quality from his father who ensures even the match box used in his house is of reputed brand and dress code at a funeral is white and white, he moulds his son like him. Deniz goes to Izmir when she sees the danger of losing her great love Emre,who has not succeeded in forgetting. Melisa, who is competing to steal Emre's heart. His outstanding film, - Football of the Good Old Days had a repeated line, which became a popular saying: "One needs a team". The hero, Minarik, the legendary laundry-owner tried to fill his football team with enthusiasm. He represented the man of the 70s, trying to find a way out, wallowing in nostalgia. Anna and Adam, a young couple from Paris with Polish Jewish origins, leave for the first time of their lives in Poland. They were invited to commemorate the seventy-fifth anniversary of the destruction of the birth village community of Adam's grandfather. If Adam is not very excited about this trip, Anna is excited to discover the land that is also her grandmother's. Finally - from what little she knows. Here they are, looking for their origins in a journey full of surprises, during which they will not find exactly what they came for. Robertas sees a drunk, cute woman standing too close to upcoming bus and pulls her back. Robertas develops a deep sense of responsibility for her which enables him to tolerate the girl's abuses. A young, ambitious woman working in a man's world needs a partner who would tidy and organize her life. Unexpectedly, a stranger at the park may be the perfect man for her. Jack Littlemore's in art security, but he's already in enough trouble - then an old friend comes out of his past and threatens to finish him off completely. It is famously said, "where there's smoke there's fire" and the same is true when Amin met Bakar. Set in present day Brunei, Amin (KAI ANWAR) a quirky, London-based ex-pat with a penchant for yellow umbrellas, returns to his childhood home to settle the legal affairs of his recently deceased parents. The momentous homecoming takes a dramatic twist when he encounters his venerable former neighbor Bakar (SHAFIEE MOSTAR) a retired Fire Chief with a chip on his shoulder. Sparks soon fly as these two engage in a battle of one-upmanship of comic proportions. But when unexpected tragedy strikes, the two men join forces, forming an unlikely friendship that proves despite their differences they truly get on like a house on fire. Featuring 100% Bruneian talent, this humorous heart warming tale reaffirms the power of community, difficulties of change and the importance of family,especially during the four Sundays of Puasa. A brother and sister embark on a journey to retrieve an inheritance from their grandmother in the wake of economic collapse and impending apocalypse. The daily lives and loves of four professional women in South Africa who are all in different stages of their own real-life baby mama drama. While Arjun doesn't want to get married, his parents set up a blind date for him at his place. The story revolves around Arjun, how he falls for the girl he's about to meet, why and how he changed his decision to get married.  Clever and mildly entertaining short from Plympton shows us the point of view of a tree throughout its life. The film gives us various vignettes dealing mostly with sex and violence. Ariana Grande started acting at a very young age. She began work on Broadway in the highly successful musical "13". She eventually landed leading roles on the popular Nickelodeon television series "Victorious" and "Sam &amp; Cat". Her unwavering work ethic has allowed her to become a recognizable force in music. Her debut single "The Way" was an instant hit and has sold over 1 million copies. When Los Angeles based Max Roth inherits an orchard in British Columbia, his life changes in unexpected ways. In the first part of the DOA trilogy, Doyok has to find his true love because of his dream. Australian comedian Lewis Spears is infamous for his confident, dark and dangerous material.  His live shows have been campaigned against by media professionals and earned him thousands of Death Threats from the easily offended.  Luckily, they've also earned him thousands of ticket sales.  After the worlds largest successful crowdfund for a comedy special, it's your turn to see what everyone's talking about.  Recorded live from his hometown in Melbourne,  23 year old Lewis Spears proves why he is one of the fastest rising young stars in Australian comedy.  If you can handle jokes about tsunamis. drugs and sex with amputee lesbians, watch this special.  But before you do, Lewis asks just one question of his audience...  "Did you guys hear about the accident that happened at Dreamworld?" The thief accidentally notices the secret of a girl and tries to exploit this position .... Everything changes for Todd when his evil twin from a parallel universe arrives to steal his girlfriend. Two friends start a hotel called Milan, a convenient destination for lovers to meet but things don't turn as planned as they are attacked by the anti-Romeo squad and political hooligans. Dzidzio is a great artist and a naive child at the same time. All his life he hides one little secret that turns into a huge problem. This time, neither the best mom nor his coolest friend will not be able to help him. Because such a delicate matter Dzidzio must decide for the first time. Toulon, a puppet maker, discovers an ancient Egyptian potion and uses it to bring his creations to life. His puppets become murderous little demons and escape. Distraught, the master takes his life. Years later, psychics tune into the existence of the monstrous marionettes and set off to stop them.  Despite obvious differences, easy-go-lucky kitchen naive Ronnie (Zanjoe Marudo) and chef restaurateur Benjie (Empoy Marquez) have been best friends since high school. When Benjie decided to put up his own restaurant La Luna Sa Hungry, Ronnie has never left his side - especially now that Benjie has joined in the shady "Kusina King Challenge" to save the restaurant. After an absence of five years, six times Mr Olympia winner Arnold Schwarzenegger makes a comeback and attempts to take the World Body Building Championship for the 7th time. Ditte and Louise are two middle-aged actresses who realize that the only thing the industry has left to offer them are roles like mothers or as elderly prostitutes. That is why Ditte makes a radical decision: She dresses up like a man. James has never had a girlfriend; his brother Ben is a ladies' man; their friend Willie has just been dumped. As Ben works to rebuild Willie's confidence, James secretly finds love with Willie's ex.  Five strangers who met online decide to shoot a short film in an old mansion but instead experience paranormal activity during their activities.  Eszter, 16, is secretly in love with her English teacher, while Peter, also 16, is hopelessly in love with Eszter. One day, the teacher announces that he is leaving the school to move to London. That same day, Eszter receives a farewell e-mail message from him. An online affair begins and spirals into sexual abuse. Director and writer Fifth Solomon (Ex-PBB Housemate) tells a romantic comedy story on how to move on with heartaches and painful memories. A tale full of tears and laughter as Jaz Cruz (Alex Gonzaga) deals with different stages of moving on. A wife wants her husband to get her a set-top box. The husband goes out to buy it with his drug peddler friend and gets into problems that soon spiral out of control. One tech entrepreneur man competed to win big money to set up his startup business. But the prize money is enormous. The competition is intense and the barriers are even more difficult when it comes to competing with the people who inspired them to enter the business first. A romantic journey through Stockholm's swing dance world. A dramatic comedy about love, music and dance.  Stick 'Em Up! is a captivating film that explores the little-known world of wheat pasting, an inner-city art form that's as provocative as it is misunderstood. Documentary filmmaker Alex Luster delves into the minds and motivations behind some of Houston's most notorious guerilla street artists, capturing the lifespan of their art... conception, creation, placement and - ultimately - removal by the city's abatement enforcement. With commentary by legendary street artists and top local law enforcement officials, Stick 'Em Up! is a gritty, street-smart documentary that reveals the secret truth behind the prolific images you see every day - in cities all across the nation. Stick 'Em Up! was created by a team of talented Houston artists. A two-decade veteran of the Houston street art scene, GONZO247 worked as a Stick 'Em Up! producer and award-winning screenwriter Tony Reyes helped craft the story. Extremely shy Lars finds it impossible to make friends or socialize. His brother and sister-in-law worry about him, so when he announces that he has a girlfriend he met on the Internet, they are overjoyed. But Lars' new lady is a life-size plastic woman. On the advice of a doctor, his family and the rest of the community go along with his delusion. Stoker Thompson is a 35-year-old has-been boxer. His once-promising fighting career has come crashing to the end. Tiny, Stoker's manager, is sure he will continue to lose fights, so he takes money for a "dive" from a mobster, but is so sure that Thompson will lose that he doesn't tell the boxer about the set-up. At the beginning of the last round of the vicious boxing match he learns of the fix. A U. S. Marines dog is returned to his young owner in the small town of Monrovia at the end of WWII, but a grouchy neighbor believes the animal's military training makes him a threat to the community and files charges to have the dog destroyed. Pedavi Datani Matokatundhi (English: I Have a word which I haven't Told Yet) is an Indian Telugu language, fantasy romantic comedy film directed by T Guru Prasad, written by TG Keerthi Kumar and produced by Aditi and TG Keerthi Kumar.[1][2][3] It features Raavan Reddy and Payal Wadhwa and Naresh in the lead roles.[4][5][6]. The film was released on July 27, 2018.[7] On Thursday, Nov. 7, 1991, Earvin "Magic" Johnson made people stop and watch at the Forum in Inglewood, Calif. But this time it wasn't his basketball brilliance as a perennial NBA All-Star and three-time MVP that was captivating audiences worldwide. Instead, the 32-year-old groundbreaking point guard was holding a press conference to make the stunning announcement that he was HIV-positive and would be retiring from basketball immediately. A group of three youtubers who call themselves experts in supernatural beings decide to win public recognition once and for all. For this they plot a plan to capture a being known to all. It is the spirit of a light-haired woman who died in an unknown way and who haunts the bathrooms of schools across the country: the blonde in the bathroom. In 2019, Lincoln Six-Echo is a resident of a seemingly "Utopian" but contained facility. Like all of the inhabitants of this carefully-controlled environment, Lincoln hopes to be chosen to go to The Island -- reportedly the last uncontaminated location on the planet. But Lincoln soon discovers that everything about his existence is a lie. Husin has been working in Singapore for some time and decides to return to his hometown, Banana Village. Upon returning, he feels that his neighbour Mak Limah is strange as she does not speak nor sleep. He then tells patrons at Pak Munawer's coffee shop that Mak Limah might be a ghost. Pak Abu decides they should investigate further but when they go to her house, she is already a rotting corpse! However, things get more interesting when the village is haunted by a strange occurrences, despite the burial of Mak Limah. A band accidently summons an evil from hell after playing a possessed guitar In the empty house of his family, Ramon, a poet, remembers the last day of the life of his master: the last time he went out with his friend don Latino de Hispalis, his talk with a minister and his dinner with Ruben Dario. In a world where food has been outlawed, a small band of food lovers risks their skins to defy the authorities and feast on contraband food. A petty thief posing as an actor is brought to Los Angeles for an unlikely audition and finds himself in the middle of a murder investigation along with his high school dream girl and a detective who's been training him for his upcoming role... Raduaa is an upcoming Indian Punjabi science fiction film directed by and starring Nav Bajwa with Gurpreet Ghuggi and Satinder Satti. The film's plot is based upon how a scientific experiment unexpectedly results in time travel from the present day to 1955. The film is set to release on 11 May 2018    Meet Manuel, he is a bum, a son of mom, a sloth and a bachelor, but also a good person. Accompany him in the search for the job of his dreams, for which he will compete in the Trial Period. An impressive cast that includes Yaneth Waldman, Jimmy Vasquez, Marianne Schaller, Ricardo Velez, Lorna Cepeda and Tiberio Cruz, will make you die laughing with their strange anecdotes and strange moments with which all Colombians will identify themselves. The film revolves around how the forced respect for the son-in-law of the family serves as an obstacle in the love life of the married couple. A fashion photographer is traveling to meet his sister at Eden Parish. Once there, his friends begin to film interviews with the Eden Parish inhabitants, all of whom speak of the commune in glowing terms. However, they soon discover that there is a sinister edge to the commune that belies the seemingly peaceful setting. When the Italian Premier and his companion find a dead body in his hotel suite, while on a trip to Hungary, they find themselves embroiled in a series of comedic situations as they try to avoid a scandal. Little Lana was 3 years old when she was abandoned alone in the zoo. Raised by a giraffe trainer, the zoo is the only world she knows. Until one day, a charming magician arrives and Lana finds her love, for she is ready to leave the zoo. Lana embarks on journey, until one day, she decided to go back to the place where she was abandoned. Eugene, a film school graduate, came to Poland to meet her old friends. Dongchul, who also studied film, came to Ukraine to meet his old friends also. They travel separately through Europe, visiting their own cities, and waiting for their own objects to arrive a few days later. Sometimes they imagine the movie they want to make.  Four sexagenarians plan to kidnap a child for ransom. A police officer tries his best to nab the gang who hides in a forest.  Mar Gaye Oye Loko is an upcoming Indian-Punjabi film directed by Simerjit Singh starring Gippy Grewal, Binnu Dhillon & Sapna Pabbi. Film is releasing worldwide on 31st August 2018. The story is set in 1947, following a long-retired Holmes living in a Sussex village with his housekeeper and rising detective son. But then he finds himself haunted by an unsolved 50-year old case. Holmes' memory isn't what it used to be, so he only remembers fragments of the case: a confrontation with an angry husband, a secret bond with his beautiful but unstable wife. Harry Potter has lived under the stairs at his aunt and uncle's house his whole life. But on his 11th birthday, he learns he's a powerful wizard -- with a place waiting for him at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. As he learns to harness his newfound powers with the help of the school's kindly headmaster, Harry uncovers the truth about his parents' deaths -- and about the villain who's to blame. A porn director, a fugitive, a priest. The life of Victor X. Eight Person Tag Team Match  1. "Pretty" Peter Avalon, Caleb Konley, "Manscout" Jake Manning, &amp; ODB vs. Cedric Alexander, Brandon Gatson, Candice LeRae, &amp; Willie Mack  Singles Match  2. Mr. Aguila vs. Rey Bucanero  Singles Match  3. "Supernatural" Shane Helms vs. "Hollywood Submission Machine" Joey Ryan  Singles Match  4. Low Ki vs. Davey Richards  Jake "The Snake" Roberts Retirement Match  5. Sinn Bodhi vs. Jake "The Snake" Roberts  Legends Wrestleroyal Battle Royale  Singles Match  7. Chris Hero vs. "Mr. Wrestling" Kevin Steen  DDT4 Entry Four-Way Tag Team Match  8. The Cutler Brothers (Brandon &amp; Dustin Cutler) vs. Fightin' Taylor Boys (Brian Cage-Taylor &amp; Ryan Taylor) vs. RockNES Monsters (Johnny Goodtime &amp; Johnny Yuma) vs. The Young Bucks (Matt &amp; Nick Jackson)  Pro Wrestling Guerrilla World Championship Title Match  9. Claudio Castagnoli (Champion) vs. El Generico (Challenger) The residents of an upscale apartment face the most horrible days of their lives when the water supply in the building is blocked on a hartal day. In addition to the external trouble, the residents are plagued by the turmoils in their personal lives ranging from infidelity, dysentery divorce and death. Lonely, frustrated, and unable to do anything that gives meaning to their lives, Vladimir, Clivia, Regina and Primo trace an absurd plan: to kidnap a millionaire. Yet, they have no experience with crime or any notion of what this kind operation entails. As they take practical steps forward, their fears and ambitions are revealed. A soldier introduces himself to the Peterson family, claiming to be a friend of their son who died in action. After the young man is welcomed into their home, a series of accidental deaths seem to be connected to his presence.  A young man from a rural village travels a long way to meet his long-lost grandfather on his deathbed, only to find himself taking over the large triad enterprise his grandfather left behind, with hilarious results. An aspiring comedian learns to embrace her queerness to find her comedic voice, and more importantly, her community. This story tells the story of two burglar retailers (Jamshidi and Kaya) who come up with a box-wrapped case. Jillian, a successful political consultant whose next big project is the upcoming mayoral campaign for her boyfriend, is on the way to meet George's family for the first time. After an unusual confrontation with a toy store Santa, Jillian can't stop herself from wildly spilling the truth. Jillian must find a way to make it stop before her holidays, her job and her relationship are ruined. The events revolve around Akram (Tamer Hosni), who receives an invitation to attend a masquerade party. He decides to wear police uniforms, which causes him to suffer a crisis as a police officer, while looking for a particular file. This is a fan-made tribute to Coffin Joe and the films of Jose Mojica Marins. Coffin Joe, an evil undertaker from Brazil, has spent years and killed many people in his quest to find the "superior woman" to bear his child. Now he has come to the United States, where he will try a new approach - his own reality TV dating show. But where Coffin Joe is concerned, the line between "reality" and nightmare is indistinguishable. A Pixar short about a lost-and-found box and the unseen monster within.  Based on a true story, Tosun Firarda is about the biggest scam made in the history of Turkey.  In order to participate with medal options in the Sydney 2000 Paralympic Games, the national coach of France decides to form a basketball team composed mostly of fake mentally retarded. Once in Australia, the fraudsters must fake their disability by living with the other athletes in the Olympic village or by attending the media in the post-match press conference. A warm-hearted romantic comedy about Afua, a modern-day Ghanaian woman with plans to marry her fiance Nii. The only problem is, Afua is not sure she believes in marriage. Her divorced parents, an unbearable stepmother and Nii's bickering married parents cause Afua to question the very thing planned for just a few weeks away: her wedding. After watching Afua prance around town with her fiance -- selecting a cake, finalizing decorations and altering her dress -- we then see her start pondering what makes a marriage work. Nursing nostalgic feelings for a former crush, Afua devises an unconventional plan to ensure that she and Nii embark on a long and happy life together. However, the plan devised to help them may harm them -- even before their intended "I do's." Back in 1968, Bucky and the Squirrels topped the charts with their dance hit 'Do the Squirrel.' Unfortunately, on their first promotional tour, the plane carrying the band crashed and disappeared somewhere in the Swiss Alps - never to be heard of again. That is until now, 50 years later, when the plane is discovered with the Squirrels still inside - frozen alive. Naturally, they're taken to a cryonics lab to be defrosted. Long Live the Squirrels!   Manan wants to marry Dipali and with great difficulty he has convinced Dipali's parents. Marriage has to take place briskly but before marriage Manan meets with an uncanny accident while playing with friends Neel, Viral and Chirag. Manan starts to speak one sentence repeatedly and when his friends make him consult the doctor; they find out that Manan has lost his memory of past two years as he was hit in the head. Now Manan doesn't know Dipali, about his marriage and apart from his friends nobody else knows about this incident. Will Manan get married? Will Manan remember everything? Will his family know about this? Will Manan be able to say, What Happened? American, German and Russian agents, who flocked to the village to examine the falling meteorites, began to buy the meteorites collected by the villagers by paying serious fees. Ismet tries to collect donations from the stones sold by the villagers through various plays. Ismet's son, Bahadir, dreams of being a famous singer and falls in love with the reporter Ceylan who came to the village to make news. While the villagers try to sell the stones at a high price, they have to fight with foreign agents on the one hand and Ismet on the other hand. Gunebakan, a tranquil village in its own right, witnesses a chaos that has never been heard before. "The Uppsala Kidnapping" - A black comedy centered on the real events of the kidnapping that became a viral phenomenon with millions of live followers. Inspired by actual events occurred in Uppsala during Christmas 2011. In a desperate attempt to solve his economic problems Josef Esfarander, a medical student, plans to kidnap a law student from a wealthy family, assisted by his girlfriend Shirin and a credulous friend from high school. Josef strongly believes he achieved the perfect plan, but contrary to all his expectation the carrying out of the kidnapping becomes a farce. 31 years after the first Baneros, comes the fifth installment of the saga in which the spa is to be sold to new owners, unless the baneros find a way to collect the money to pay what they owe and avoid losing their place of work. A rookie CBI officer must enlist the help of an incarcerated criminal in order to catch a serial child killer, who has recently escaped police custody.  Funny mermaid Princess Sunny secretly sneaked into the human world, unfortunately, "cargo" lost the important scales. In order to return to the ocean, Sunny had to go ashore all the way to be searched, by well-intentions human girl Amy and Qiqi rescued from the museum, but also inadvertently and scale integration campus male god Wen Zhengxi launched a vigorous pursuit. Sunny is about to return to love the ocean back to the moment, the crush of Wen Zhengxi's eldest sister, Rowling has seen Sunny's mermaid identity, and with the mermaid's perversity of the glasses, teacher launched a mermaid arrest, Sunny's life So at stake. Suitcases of cash fall out of an armored car onto the busy streets, and people go crazy picking it up! Typical loner Jay Kwan (Sing Lam) and his buddy Ang Ray (Neo Yau) are both witnesses, and they're curious about the incident. They then call up a 'search team' on Golden Forum to look into it. Golden Forum Goddess (Larine Tang) is attracted, and joins them.  Policewoman Nancy O (Stephy Tang), the money-minded girl Mandy O (Grace Chan)'s sister, is the only one there to guard the money that day even if she's off duty, and is regarded as a heroine! She's therefore asked to join the investigation to the case. Police believe that it's an accident, and it's difficult to get all the money back, so the investigation should stop. But as the 'search team' keep digging, they realize that there's more than meets the eye... Timi falls in love with We Cinde, a new student in his class. Their closeness makes Ian, Timi's friend since junior high, growl because Timi becomes rarely gathering with his best friend. Ian choose to hang out with two crooks at school. Sidda wants to provide basic amenities to his village in Mandya, by becoming a gram panchayat member, but he faces several ordeals to complete his mission. "Moms at War" is about two mothers who live in the same neighborhood, but hate each other. One felt that the other was a village girl who just got into money and is not fit to be in society with them. But both their kids coincidentally attend the same school and there was a competition that was done for the kids, and both were the top of their class. It comes down to one of them winning the competition and the mothers just go crazy, doing all sort of antics. It's a story of friendship, sisterhood, and bonding in spite of everything. When his father passes away, Juan Pablo inherits his guitar. Decided to continue his father's legacy, he abandons his career and becomes a mariachi. Max, Fredo and Fer must endure their last year of high school The film revolves around a pair of big-boned, bumbling cops who find themselves at the heart of a drug trafficking case. The agent "J" (Zhang Wen) was shot in the head during an A-level mission, causing damage to the intracranial hypothalamus. During the period of rehabilitating, J gradually became a big fat man of three hundred pounds and suffered from severe narcolepsy, but J still considered himself a ace agent. Finally, J received the task again and went to Japan to retrieve the confidential documents. After the file was obtained, J arbitrarily opened the file and decided to continue the task of hiding the organization for the organization, but he fainted in the izakaya. J who woke up in the hospital got to know the security guard Handsome Hao (Bei-Er Bao), Handsome Hao to prove that he is not a waste of nothing to resolutely join the mission. In the process of carrying out the task, the temporary partner has experienced the ridiculous and dangerous crisis of time over and over ... Federico Veiroj's fourth feature examines the many, often contradictory layers that make up one's persona, in this case, a single dad and acclaimed artist who must learn to balance family with creativity.  The story of the life of comedienne Fanny Brice, from her early days in the Jewish slums of the Lower East Side, to the height of her career with the Ziegfeld Follies, including her marriage to and eventual divorce from her first husband, Nick Arnstein. A painter who finds success (and true love) after a pickpocket steals one of his works, gives it a false authorship and promotes the imaginary artist to instant success so he can cash in on his ill-gotten gains. Marriage Palace is a comedy movie which takes us back to the 1990s in Punjab when a village boy, along with a friend, moves to the big city in pursuit of his one true love. The Clever Baker, shows a not so clever baker baking. A romantic comedy that centres on two characters who have different upbringing. Despite their differences, they are leading towards the same passion in life. "Maal Road Dilli" is a Bollywood Movie which is slated to be released in multiple cinema houses across the country. The movie is produced by "VIDYA MOVIES INTERNATIONAL" and directed by Mr Atul Sriva, and produced by Mr Amit Srivastva. Migs needs to settle a huge debt to a loan shark. When Migs explains that he doesn't have the money yet, the loan shark proposes that he could settle the bill if Migs could find Lovi Poe and introduce him to the actress. How does a regular guy who knows no one in show business meet a celebrity? A guy is given a chance to mend the breakup with his girlfriend by going back in time through the help of a magic whiskey, called "wishkey."  A new skyscraper is being built in New York City, and numerous workmen are busy at hazardous jobs high above the ground. When one of the workers, Dago Pete, deliberately starts a fight, he is immediately fired. But the discharged worker soon comes up with a plan to commit a robbery and get even. His scheme could affect the lives of several others. Kisaragi Hazime and Akahata Satomi, workers of  Mihara City Hall in Hiroshima prefecture will try to recover the lost popularity of their official city mascot : Yassadaru Man and boost its image again. A number of obstacles stands in the way of a young couple as only 10 days are left for their wedding, each obstacle is in one way or another caused by the aftermath of the 2015 war in Yemen. A woman is being sexually assaulted by a pair of thugs, when out of the fog appear the High Heeled Cats - a trio of avenging angels, masked and dressed in black. These beautiful vigilantes make a living running a coffee shop by day, and kicking misogynist criminals in the balls by night. Their boss is an elderly lady offering a payback service to women who have been mistreated by men. The cops can't be seen to allow this kind of behavior, but they are increasingly frustrated with the lack of clues that might lead to the identity of the trio - despite the fact that the two detectives on the case visit the coffee shop daily, to flirt with and grope the waitresses, and drink the occasional cup of coffee. The high heeled honeys eventually bite off more than they can chew when they get on the bad side of a ruthless gangster, who sets a creepy assassin on their trail. A group of people have just signed up to be camp Councillors at a foreign country.  They expect the camp to be the place for a memorable summer.  Instead, something strange is going on and some of the campers begin to act strange.  Things go terribly wrong real fast as a terrible game of tag has the campers running for their lives or going after the campers. Naru Bondwe son of college trustee Madan Bondwe keeps of doing re admission in college and has rivalry with Juniors.Dhariya,Dhungya and Kabir are known to fight for rights of Juniors.But Kabir has now staying away from hostel as he doesn't want more trouble with seniors due to his 12th standard board exams.A grade committee is about to visit the college in the year and the principal gives a teacher Vikram Sabnis to put an end to Junior and Senior rivalry.Chitra a beautiful girls enters the college and Kabir attract towards he rand shifts back to hostel.The rivalry of Juniors and Seniors takes to a worst turn that before the grade committee's visit.Naru and Kabir selected members from both teams should loose their virginity towards a girl.And as a proof record the video failing which the looser has to leave the college. It was supposed to be just an ordinary holiday of the sunny Kos, but Toni has to rescue a beautiful local girl from the clutches of kidnappers of Adriana . When it appears that anyone else can be trusted, will Toni reluctantly rely on velipuoliensa assistance.  Son of the trio formed a peaceful holiday in the South of traditional package holidays to skyrocket wilder Extreme trip full of momentum, disguise, theft and dangerous situations. The legendary ancient landscapes of the archipelago, hot beaches, small mountain roads and the Mediterranean waves rush adventurers risked their lives threatening situation to another. Dave seems doomed to a lonely life of eating ramen noodles alone on Friday nights forever, but Christmas magic is afoot. And no Russian spies, disgruntled bosses, or horny bakery scientists can defeat the Yuletide spirit. Sex, lies, and more sex, the things that make Christmas great.  Karim and Nono, two "disguises" from Marseille's neighborhoods, are locked up in a military recovery camp after a burglary. They manage to escape and go on the roads of France to find Karim's girlfriend in Saint-Tropez. Their trip will be made of meeting more delirious than the others. An Egyptian Scientist is disguised as a used household items salesman in order to finish a very important scientific research without being made by pharmaceutical industry corporations. A retrospective look at the youth cultures born in the German Democratic Republic. A celebration of the lust for life, a contemporary trip into the world of skate, a tale on three heroes and their boards, from their childhood in the seventies, through their teenage rebellion in the eighties and the summer of 1989, when their life changed forever, to 2011. Joseph and Maria are married for six months and Maria still has never had an orgasm with her husband. They begin to visit mysterious doctor Baltazar who teaches them how to reach ecstasy in sex. Two boyfriends, two godparents, two mother-in-law and a wedding planner ... all together in a fun tangle that will especially have an overdose of love. John Hunter is Vietnam Green Beret Veteran, Half Commando, Half Ninja, whose daughter has been abducted by a secret Ninja Organization, led by a Central-American dictator, who wants to create a new-world order - through time. 369 by Zheng, Runqi is raised by his father Li, Jinlong alone. His father's biggest hope is that 369 can enter a university and find a decent job after that. However, 369's grade was always at the bottom and he escaped from class at Grade 11, resulting in his expelling. His father could only be contacted every connection he had, hoping that 369 could learn some skills and get independent. 369 hated every job introduced by his father. He failed and failed again in almost 8 years and was laughed at by his neighbors. So 369 decided to go to Shenzhen to escaped from the town and all those derision. 369 became an internet celebrity, which was considered as the violation of his father's hope. The relationship between them was going to a total rupture. Paris, Boris and Alexis are trying to give a meaning to their idleness. In the countryside, Pierre is achieving his opera, which is a new take on the myth of Orpheus, while trying to forget Adelia, who just dumped him. Naduve Antaravirali is a Kannada movie released on 05/10/2018 A single father pushes his cricket-obsessed son to buckle down and focus on his education. Felicia, a woman who is feeling uninspired by her filmmaking career and spiraling into a comedic depression, starts seeing a therapist, at her best friend Max's recommendation. Soon, she becomes enamored with this new woman in her life, but when things eventually start to feel off, she wonders who this woman really is  Jill and Peter are newlyweds that are going nowhere. Traveling from town to town during the summer of 1919, young Andy (Ron Howard) has left his Ohio home in search of adventure and romance as a horse trainer on the country fair racing circuit. Ashamed of his occupation, Andy leads Lucy to believe he's wealthy. Soon one deception leads to another... until there is no way to tell Lucy the truth. A lawyer hires a call girl after learning his wife has invited her lover to move in; the husband and wife separate and the two new couples live side-by-side without issue - until an ex-boyfriend shows up and things start to go wrong.  Siri wakes to find herself trapped inside a brutalist candy-coloured dreamhouse. Despite the cutesy decor, the place is far from benign, and she and her inmates are encouraged to compete for survival while being watched over by surveillance cameras, 24/7. Presiding over the group is an authoritarian diva who speaks entirely with the voice of Kenneth Clark from the 1960s BBC series Civilisation. As she forces the women to go head-to-head in a series of demeaning tasks, Siri, with the help of fellow inmate Alexa, starts subverting the rules and soon reveals the sinister truth that underpins their world. After celebrating his best friend birthday Anton has a terrible headache, doesn't remember anything and in addition must destroy some videos which can seriously compromise Anton's relationship with his girlfriend. Two young gentlemen living in 1890s England use the same pseudonym ("Ernest") on the sly, which is fine until they both fall in love with women using that name, which leads to a comedy of mistaken identities... Brave and sexy and hot Hallyu idols are coming!  Ryoko the AV movie goddess is getting tired of AV movies. She feels somethings wrong when she hears that her next movie is taking place in Seoul, Korea where Hallyu is centralized. She goes through trouble starting from the Incheon Airport with depthless production fees and unexperienced staff. Then she meets idol wannabe Yuna.  Ryoko lies to her that she is a popular Japanese idol actress and takes her to the AV movie set. The AV movie director is interested in the new face and casts her right away in a new AV movie. Will they be able to make this new AV movie?  How the life of an innocent cook (Abhay Raichand) who works in a military cantonment takes a twist and turns wherein he meets more 9 innocent and idiot people takes the audience on the laughter ride. The cook with dreams of creating his own army with 9 stupid people trains them, that makes the situation more comic. He finds his love (Riya Deepsi) at the same time and entangled with an unconditional term for achieving his love, A villager stumbles across an alien's corpse. Convinced it is somehow related to his missing son, the villager doggedly guards his mysterious new find. From the letter of a small admirer, to the desire to understand who is actually this fan who writes the same things, for twenty years, to more recipients. A writer stumbles upon a long-hidden secret when he agrees to help former British Prime Minister Adam Lang complete his memoirs on a remote island after the politician's assistant drowns in a mysterious accident.  A traumatised veteran, unafraid of violence, tracks down missing girls for a living. When a job spins out of control, Joe's nightmares overtake him as a conspiracy is uncovered leading to what may be his death trip or his awakening. An intriguing story about a girl with a lot of problems and three men trying to make a film. A naive high school girl (Helen Foster) falls for the school's star football player. Her ignorance in the matters of sex leads to pregnancy and heartbreak. Richard Dreyfuss is Moses Wine, a private detective hired to by his former college girlfriend, Susan Anspach, to investigate a political smear campaign. Moses sets out to find out who is responsible, with deadly results, in this comedy-thriller. After a civil war in Hell, Lucifer has been defeated and the Key to Hell is in Lord Desecrater's grasp. However, the rebellious Dominator has his own thoughts and keeps the Key to Hell away from Lord Desecrater and is forced to fight off his forces including three other demons - Decimator, Extricator and Lady Violator. Nina is trying her luck in Surabaya after dropping out of school. She is forced to follow in the footsteps of her colleague, Vivi, who became a sex worker. On the first day of selling herselve, Nina has to flee from the pursuit of city police until, accidentally, she enters the Paskibra's (Flag flying group) training center. In that place Nina meets with a veteran of historical actors, Pak Sakiran stirs Nina's nationalism. He makes Nina really want to fly the red and white flag in a flag ceremony. Eddy does what he has to do to give his family what they want. For the last 25 years, he has secretly moonlighted as a "standover" man, purely to provide his aspirational wife with her dream house and a privileged upbringing for his only daughter. Eddy finds it hard to express how he feels, especially now that his "little girl" is engaged and will soon be leaving the family home. Chantelle believes her emotionally blocked father has only two feelings "angry" and "very angry" and feels her father just doesn't understand her. Eddy is perplexed: "What's to understand?" Herein lies the problem.  Over eager to get on the same wavelength as his daughter and recapture the closeness they once had, Eddy starts reading Chantelle's diary. In the process, more secrets than anyone was prepared for, begin to surface with devastating yet hilarious results. Eddy rides the storm and once the dust settles, all is well... for now.  A cynical look at the life of a not so nice country-western singer, Maury Dann - played by Rip Torn in one of his most memorable performances. He ruthlessly manipulates every one around him to suit his selfish needs...he even gets his limo driver to take the blame for the death of a fan which he stabbed. Two boys and close family friends, Jeremy and Alphonse, American and French, spend a few weeks together in Jeremy's house in Brooklyn. Jeremy is confused about his understanding of the friendship, while obsessed with the ducks in the Prospect Park's lake and finishing a school paper about their migration. Alphonse likes to ride bicycles and doesn't want to leave town. The ducks inevitably leave, Alphonse goes back to Paris, and Jeremy stays in his house, but all of them depart to something new. Werner Herzog's exploration of the Internet and the connected world. One day, Achuthan receives a letter addressed to Lord Krishna. The letter leads him into the world of beautiful Jayalakshmi and into her attic as well. Join Henry Phillips as he performs his first ever Stand-Up Comedy Special at the Lyric Theatre in Los Angeles. This is a special evening that includes standup, music, and special guests, all tied together with Phillips' own unique brand of humor. The Focusing Effect is a faux-documentary/horror film about three film students who make a doc about breakups, only to push one of their subjects too far.  There's a special treasure in the desert called "Heart of Desert," some of the bad buys puts their eyes on stealing this treasure but got block off by the local protectors. But no one knows...the war has just begun. Sleuth Cheng, host of a popular variety show, was found wounded and trapped in a tetrapod at the shore, while a video of him kissing the mayor's wife went viral and caused media frenzy. As Cheng's girlfriend angrily confronts him, he reveals details that may turn a secret love affair into a political mega storm. Ahead of their father's death, four siblings gather at the oldest brother's house. The will is announced in a notary's presence and complaints burst forth. Suddenly a phone call comes in from a kidnapper claiming to have the oldest brother's son. Tells the story of Paul (Steven C. Stewart), a man suffering from Cerebal Palsy, who spends his days wasting away in a nursing home. To pass his time, he fantasizes about the man he should be despite his twisted body. People are able to understand him verbally, women find him irresistable, and his is a legitimate threat to anyone who stands in his way. His thoughts deatil four possible relationships he would have and their various outcomes. At one point, he receives (unsimulated) fellatio from another handicapped patient. Very sexual film that has it's moments of humor despite the seriousness of the topic - a perfectly "normal" mind trapped in twisted flesh that cannot communicate normally with the outside world. Hindi film released in 2014 Sakkarin has to pretend to be Jai's boyfriend to meet her father 'Sakda'. In this affecting, provocative docudrama from Sean Devlin, a Filipino family reenacts their own experiences of resolutely rebuilding their homes and lives in the wake of the devastation wrought by 2013's Hurricane Yolanda. Not helping matters are two ineffectual foreign aid workers (Kayla Lorette and Aaron Read) who aren't quite the white saviours they fancy themselves to be. Seven friends with different backgrounds face their respective problems to join a talent competition. Gijukaka is on ventilator. A hilarious comedy about a Bengali patriarch Banku Babu who dominates his entire household in completely averse to changes until he meets with an accident which results in about of amnesia.  When a local promoter demands his ancestral house, Banku Babu denies and gets injured in a squabble, starting to behave strangely, sometimes like his matinee idol Rajesh Khanna. The pressures of problems at home and at work are taking a tremendous toll on a middle-aged husband, and he begins to take it out on his wife. Ana is a therapeutic companion who keeps a secret and guilty romance with Leo, the boyfriend of her best friend, Dolo. The installation in the house of Ana, is causing a situation that gets more and more complicated. An undesirable neighbor, a heavy and indiscreet neighbor and an inexperienced police to produce a series of entanglements where women overcome the tendencies and rivalries to get out of the situation and regain their friendship. A black comedy with the codes of the typical comedies of entanglements. With a rich variety of techniques, this experimental documentary recreates the career of actor Paul Lynde, who played some of Hanna-Barbera's greatest villains.  A traumatized, alcoholic Dan Torrance meets Abra, a kid who also has the ability to "shine." He tries to protect her from the True Knot, a cult whose goal is to feed off of people like them in order to remain immortal. Counselors are being killed off at summer camp, and Sam (Fran Kranz) is stuck in the middle of it. Instead of contacting the cops, he calls his friend and slasher-film expert (Alyson Hannigan) to discuss his options. There's a deadly zombie epidemic threatening humanity, but Wade, a small-town farmer and family man, refuses to accept defeat even when his daughter Maggie becomes infected. As Maggie's condition worsens and the authorities seek to eradicate those with the virus, Wade is pushed to the limits in an effort to protect her. Joely Richardson co-stars in this post-apocalyptic thriller.  Jess, a bellboy working at The Manila Hotel, is gifted an all-expenses paid stay at the hotel's most expensive suite. And during his stay, he encounters Veronica, a professional golddigger. Jess keeps up the illusion of being a rich guest of the hotel, hoping to get Veronica to fall in love with him before he has to tell her the truth. Hisashi Tanaka (Haruma Miura) is a medical student in Hokkaido Prefecture, Japan. He does volunteer work and gets to know Yasuaki Kano (Yo Oizumi) at the hospital. Yasuaki Kano has suffered from muscular dystrophy since he was 12-years-old. Yasuaki Kano has his eccentric ways like running out of the hospital and saying that he wants to eat a banana late at night. Hisashi Tanaka thinks Yasuaki Kano is a lovely person.  Yasuaki Kano develops a crush on rookie volunteer Misaki Ando (Mitsuki Takahata). He asks Hisashi Tanaka to write a love letter for him, but Misaki Ando is Hisashi Tanaka's girlfriend. --asianwiki An oblivious superhero, passed down her super powers in the form of the "Wander Bra" to an ordinary woman who becomes a supernatural woman every time she wears the magical bra all. Satya and Saavi are a couple who are poles apart in personality and are introduced to each other as prospective marriage partners. Their crazy romantic story forms the crux of the plot. Hitch a ride into the dark heart of Australia with Soda_Jerk's TERROR NULLIUS, a blistering, badly behaved sample-based film that confronts the horror of our contemporary moment.  Equal parts political satire, eco-horror and road movie, TERROR NULLIUS is a rogue remapping of national mythology, where a misogynistic remark is met with the sharp beak of a bird, feminist bike gangs rampage and bicentenary celebrations are ravaged by flesh-eating sheep.  By intricately remixing fragments of Australia's pop culture and film legacy, TERROR NULLIUS interrogates the unstable entanglement of fiction that underpins this country's vexed sense of self. Sarah has five children from different husbands, the five children are Adul, Gilbert, Koko, Bontot and Billy. Although their fathers are dead, but each father inherited strongly, so the five brothers have different physical and properties according to their father's background, there are Betawi, Ambon, Chinese, Javanese as well as different religions. Based upon the true story of Olga Benario, the German-born wife of Brazilian communist leader Luis Carlos Prestes. During the dictatorship of Getulio Vargas (1930-1945) she was arrested and sent to Nazi Germany, where she was put to death in a concentration camp. After World War II began, Vargas decided to uphold the Allies. Hopeless romantic Matt (Brandon W. Jones) decides it's time to pop the big question to his girlfriend, Alexis (Cassi Thomson). Before the big evening he practices his proposal on his best friend, Liz (Christa B. Allen). Matt believes if he follows the rules of all of his favorite romantic comedies he's guaranteed a "Yes!" To Matt's dismay, Alexis gently rejects him stating he's only interested in the idea of being in love and not a real relationship. After this unexpected disaster, Matt binge watches one rom-com after another and comes up with plan to win Alexis back. Though Liz thinks Matt's plan is absurd she agrees to be his wingman. The operation to rekindle his relationship appears to be working only for Matt to face the reality that he and Alexis may have grown apart and his heart belongs elsewhere. Alex, in his mid-thirties, is a quite neurotic character. When his mother is hospitalized with a stroke, the caring son's life gets out of track. At the hospital he finds himself in a burlesque kind of human zoo full of unexpected characters and surprising events. Trying to manage the situation in between everybody's advice, he's coming hypochondriac. While his mother seems to feel perfectly fine Alex is making his own set of mistakes - throughout with best intentions. A lawyer whose advocates on behalf of domestic violence victims suffers in silence at the hands of her violent paraplegic husband. Starring Uche Odoputa, Mary Lazarus Rex Nosa and Angel Samuda. Best friends forever or worst friends ever?  Many years after high school, Emerald, Ruby, Perla, and Goldie (considered the Bicol "It Girls" of their batch) are reunited for the latter's upcoming wedding.  Joining them is Jade, Goldie's friend from America. Everyone is excited about this get-together, but somehow, Goldie's friends are finding it hard to believe that she is going to be the first to fulfill their dream of getting married, considering that she is the least attractive among them. Sabrina, a successful divorced attorney must juggle her family and guests during Christmas dinner when her daughter, Leslie, surprisingly brings home her new fiance, Juan, and also invites her father, Glen, Sabrina's ex-husband. "Food for thought" is a short film with a simple message: Does it have to go this far for you to get it? We don't have anything against some occasional comfort food. We actually quite enjoy it. But constant unhealthy diet and physical inactivity are silent killers responsible for millions of deaths worldwide. It happens slowly, but eventually it happens, and sadly those deaths never end up on the front page of the newspapers. This is our small contribution to World Health Day. To raise awareness on this important issue. The sequel to "A Meowy Christmas" pits Ms. Whiskers and Chuck against supernatural evil! Or something like that. A magical performance in the circus on the eve of the New Year miraculously twists the fates of two girls absolutely different from each other. Sonya lives with a rich dad - the owner of a candy empire, and Katya and her brother Kolya grow up in an orphanage. They are not familiar, but they are united by the love of fairy tales about the sweet Kingdom, which were composed by Sonya's mother, a famous children's writer. That's just her story is not enough finals. Sonya is sure that the last page of her mother's tale will bring happiness to her family, and for this she is even ready to exchange places with Katya. A humorous account of the origins of the nation of Belgium and of the pivotal role of its first king, Leopold. Annabel is a successful businesswoman with a wealthy husband. At a reception in her villa she meets a woman, a member of the catering staff who has been hired for the evening. This woman is none other than her own daughter Chiara, whom she had left over thirty years ago. Chiara was just eight years old at the time. She now approaches her mother with an unusual request: to spend ten days together with her. Ismael is a vegetarian who goes into a bar looking for a vegetarian sandwich. But, the waiter misunderstands him wich leads into an endless cycle. The full feature-length documentary about filmmaker Adam Green / ArieScope Pictures' (HATCHET, FROZEN, "Jack Chop") 20 year tradition of making Halloween short films just for fun in between the real feature films and television shows. In October of 1998 Adam Green and Will Barratt threw together a short film called "Columbus Day Weekend" to screen at a Halloween party. Little did they know that it would give birth to an annual tradition that would span two decades and spawn a feature film and television production studio that would become a leader of the indie horror scene. FOR THE LOVE OF HALLOWEEN is a walk down memory lane with all of your favorite key players from the ArieScope family as they share the candid stories behind 20 years of Halloween shorts. After waking up from his wacky dream, a theater stage hand inadvertently causes havoc everywhere he works.  A Sardinian fisherman has promised the moon to the woman he loves. And Sardinian men always keep their promises. One person lead the way to develop an alternative college publication but unfortunately attract strong opposition from existing and more mature student publication. Three years after Affandi, Jay  and Richard experiencing an identity crisis, their lives seem happy. However they repeat the same mistake: belittling women. This time, their "victims" are their own wives. They consider homework is very easy compared to earning a living. After success in their businesses, they decide to build a new business and use most of their assets for investment. Sly Cooper is a kinetic and comedic heist film that tells the story of Sly Cooper, an orphaned raccoon thief, along with his childhood friends and partners in crime, Bentley Turtle and Murray Hippo. In the film, Sly learns of his birth family's secret legacy; that he comes from a long line of talented and international thieves. Endowed with this knowledge, Sly and his friends are catapulted into a global adventure as they race to reassemble pieces of an ancient book holding The Cooper Clan's family secrets before it can fall into the hands of Clockwerk -- an evil Russian metallic owl bent on ending the Cooper family line. From romantic Parisian backdrops to the lush mountains of China, gritty film noir meets bright, colorful graphic novels in this origin story of the world's greatest thief-turned-hero. Horror anthology consists from four stories.  Funke wants to play football, which her parents angrily discourage. Her mother feels playing will make her unmarriable, whereas her father wants her to pursue the education he never had. Funke persists in playing, worming her way into acceptance by the local football academy players and their coach. When her parents discover her disobedience, they send her to her uncle's boarding school. Though she tries to embody the acceptable female role, a devious opportunity to play arises. A travelogue that follows the events of  I AM A KNIFE WITH LEGS. Cynical International rockstar Bene and his loyal sidekick Beefy traverse Europe, from Helsinki to Paris. As Bene recounts the adventure to some shady government agents in search of the child assassin that once saved the rockstar's life, a repressed secret from Bene and Beefy's past is gradually brought to light. Satria's employees intend to rob his house when he is out of the country but their robbery turns into murder when they find Suzzanna in the house as they bury her body in the backyard. Every family has its issues, and this one is no exception. Once Upon A Family tells the story of a complicated Ghanaian family and the dark secrets they wished to hide - but all comes to light during the family reunion of a lifetime. Connections of people who have stopped believing in love, though in the depths of their hearts, are just waiting for such true love. Spain, under Philip IV (1621-1665). The film is based on a novel by Gonzalo Torrente Ballester. The King (Gabino Diego) is stunned to see the naked body of Marfisa (Laura del Sol), the most beautiful prostitute of the town and Court. After that, he also wants to see the Queen (Anne Roussel) naked. However, the King, despite the opposition and the scandal of the Church, will not stop until he reaches his wishes. Two disconnected sisters are summoned to clean out their childhood bedrooms before their parents sell their family home. 3D Realms has teamed up with some of the most iconic legends behind one of the oldest genre of video games to bring you a piece of gaming history like no other. The family is decorating their tree when Daddy notices the star his father made is missing. When Billy asks Mommy why this made Daddy sad, she tells him it's because the star was made by his father, their Granddad, who is in Heaven. Jeffy then has a vivid dream about Santa, and asks him in the dream to bring Granddad home from Heaven for Christmas to make Daddy happy again. When Billy learns that Jeffy thinks this really will happen, he is afraid that Jeffy's Christmas will be ruined, since Santa can't do that. Mommy tries to explain why it's not possible to Jeffy after Dolly tells her what Jeffy thinks, but he gets upset and doesn't want to hear it. That night, he gets a visit from Santa, and Granddad. A man living in rural Wisconsin takes care of his bed-ridden mother, who is very domineering and teaches him that all women are evil. After she dies he misses her, so a year later he digs her up and takes her home. He learns about taxidermy and begins robbing graves to get materials to patch her up, and inevitably begins looking for fresher sources of materials. Based closely on the true story of Ed Gein. In a small town in Ireland childhood friends Fionn, Scott and Paul come across an envelope full of money. They do what any group of "Lads" would do and spend all of the money on pints, smokes, chips and drugs. After spending all of the money in 2 weeks the lads find out that the money belongs to dangerous gangsters who want their money back. The lads must fight for survival and do what ever it takes to get the money back or it will be the last time any of them have a few pints together.     Single mom Laura, along with her awkward 14 year-old son Henry is forced to drive Jack, her estranged, care-free pot dealing father across country after he's kicked out of yet another nursing home. A heartwarming romantic comedy that follows a man as he goes through various stages of love - from the first crush to final break-up. A group of unhappy strangers decide to end their lives together, but soon they find that their plan is flawed after one of them turns out to be a beautiful woman. When a woman tries to outwit her husband's sexy young mistress, the unexpected consequences include starring as King Lear in a very amateur production - with the mistress, an aspiring actress, playing The Fool. In the post-apocalyptic future, the world is at war. The newly instated Soviet Russian Army has invaded the USA with the assistance of an evil German scientist who has created an army of super human soldiers, half-man and half-shark. Lowell Brown, aka Mr. Presto, is a struggling children's magician who subscribes to a free-spirited philosophy while living out of his van. His brother Ray is a straight-laced, no-nonsense high school guidance counselor. When Lowell is mistaken for a hit man who is hired to kill a local small town politician, the brothers are uprooted and brought together in a tailspin adventure. Wanda's world has been turned upside down when her teenage daughter Nina suddenly turns up in a hijab. Secretly, Nina has converted to Islam; she exclusively eats halal, strictly observes the prayer times and wishes to be called Fatima. Mother of a liberal Viennese patchwork family, Wanda is appalled; she has always strongly stood against religious fanaticism. However, all attempts to make Nina see reason fail. To make matters worse, Wanda's ex-husband has just fathered a child with his latest wife, and Wanda begins to yearn for a time when her only problems were her daughter's truancy and pot smoking. When she meets Hanife, the mother of Nina's Muslim girlfriend, she finds an ally. Hanife, who immigrated to Austria as a child, is determined to save her daughter from the extremely old-fashioned image of women, which Nina is enthusiastically preaching. Eva Spreitzhofer's culture-clash comedy negotiates a highly topical theme with playful ease.  Krissy Kringle receives a delivery intended for Santa Claus.  A magical book that shows if a person has been naughty or nice.  She uses the book's power to find out about those around her, which leads to some very unusual and unintended results.  Krissy realizes that everyone has some good and some not so good in them.   A distinctive thrill-ride in the company of David Hoyle as Uncle David. Cicada is the story of Jumpei-- a man who loses sight of his progeny when he finds out he is infertile, but then is given the gift of clairvoyance and begins to see glimpses of the future. These glimpses lead him to a series of cicada shells, which become symbolic of his desire to shed his old self. Though his lineage ends with himself, Jumpei starts anew as a father-figure to his sister's young son. Serdar is 29 years old. He is an introvert person who continues his life as an animator. The idealist journalist who works in the magazine Ah Guzel Istanbul has long been in love with Gizem, but Gizem is not even aware of his existence. Serdar, with his roommates Batu and Masal result as a result of a claim, meets Gizem and decides to be dear. The subject of Gizem's interview with the magazine is filo-phobia. And Serdar introduces himself as a filo-phobic. Camilo is a young person "divinely" who wants to be a singer of popular music. In search of his dream, and because he knows that his talent is not enough to win, he pretends to be blind and poor in a singing reality show. Because of this, he hires the Cuca, a humble and charming family that for a "little money" opens the doors of his house, even though Constanza, the eldest daughter, disapproves of the lie. But as he gains popularity, Camilo discovers that life is not a reality and that, although love is blind, there is no worse blind than the one who does not want to see. For Kevin, school is a boring place. There are no achievements and other things that make him stand out. His family keep asking what he is after after graduation. That question makes him upset. When a powerful developer named Mr. Scheck wants to knock down all the stores and houses in Arnold's neighborhood to build a huge "mall-plex", it looks likes the neighborhood is doomed to disappear. But with the help of a superhero and a mysterious deep-voiced stranger, Arnold and Gerald will need to recover a crucial document in order to save their beloved neighborhood. A young punk rocker in Istanbul tracks down a cruise ticket to California on the night of his birthday gig. Based on the director's personal family story. Film sets during the 90's unrest Turkey.  When three childhood friends reunite on one midsummer night, their delirious abandon and reminiscence explodes into a daring search for hope and deliverance from the burden of their dreams. In 1871, professional gambler John Devlin elopes with Sandra "Sandy" Poli, daughter of Marko Poli, an immigrant who has risen to railroad tycoon. Sandy, knowing that the railroad is to be extended into Dakota, plans to use their $20,000 nest egg to buy land options to sell to the railroad at a profit. On the stage trip to Ft. Abercrombie, their fellow passengers are Jim Bender and Bigtree Collins, who practically own the town of Fargo and Devlin is aware that they are prepared to protect the little empire... trying to drive out the farmers by burning their property, destroying their wheat, and blaming the devastation on the Indians. Continuing their journey north on the river aboard the "River Bird', Sandy and John meet Captain Bounce, an irascible old seafarer. Two of Bendender's henchmen, Slagin and Carp, board the boat and relieve John of his $20,000 at gunpoint. Captain Bounce, chasing the robber's dinghy.. The criminal underworld is buzzing with double-crosses, lies and greed as the prized jewel, The Eye of Amun-Ra, is passed around the city. Can our heroes find the diamond and could even their own fate be entwined with its mysterious curse. Which leaves the tantalizing question... who really should Beware the Eye of Amun-Ra? Nothing is sacred or taboo with Mike Ward as he hits the stage, in an intimate club setting, for his first English-language stand-up comedy special. Dan and Phil put the audience in control and stand under the spotlight to give the people what they want: an epic interactive experience of rants, roasts, battles, stories, and surprises that will make you laugh, cry, and cringe.. A corporate tragedy and encounter with Helena Law Lan's taoist master leads Mei qi to meet three relative ghosts who later support the protagonist and her new boy friend Zhang Zi-jin on their new "haunted" hotel business. Luang Pee Jazz was once again called to look after the temple in Bangkok.  It revolves about a team of "puliscredibles", consisting of three charismatic and adventurous police officers named Jack, Emily, and Popoy, who embark on a mission to stop crimes from occurring within their vicinity. A lion decides that a new king shall take on the reins of Azad Nagar when he retires. When he retires a donkey is chosen as the king of Azad Nagar.  In a summer they won't forget, two broke college students start filming parties for money. Hello dollar signs. Goodbye morals. Welcome to the night club scene. Christmas works its magic in this body-switching holiday tale about two very different moms who find that help is where you least expect it, and most need it. When struggling singer Audrey and wealthy record executive Julia collide at the mall, they wake up in each other's lives the next morning. Audrey finds that, though Julia's life is full of luxury, she's missing the chance to connect with her family in any real way while Julia finds that, though she gets plenty of family time, Audrey can't say no to anyone giving her no time for herself. As Christmas looms closer, the two women rush to figure out how to both help each other and switch back before they miss Christmas morning with their own families! In the heart of the neighborhood of Pina, in Recife, a quiet supermarket sees its daily life changed by an inexplicable phenomenon of nature, "Multicor Sky Flashing". Among Superpina's shelves and stocks, customers and employees experience "Amor Primo". At the first sign of an itch, Addy feels like something could be very wrong. With constant deflection by her husband and doctor, Addy decides to take matters into her own hands. Three young couples are getting ready for the weddings and each of them faces different problems. Courier boy Saleem and cab driver Parthu are roommates who lie to their parents about being in Dubai and live in Hyderabad instead. When they come in possession of Desa Rahasyalu, written by an ex-Army major Yakub Khan, they perceive it to be something more than what it is and try to sell it to Pakistan.  Who's keeping the citizens of a Belgian provincial town out of their sleep? Is it Santa Clause? A youngster becomes a gigolo to make his acting dream come true. When his friend offers him a chance to earn crores by stealing money from his client's house, he accepts it and gets into deeper problems. After having rescued her family's farm in the first film, Maikol Yordan faces a difficult situation. His beloved grandmother Dona Mila suffers a strange illness and, in his quest to find the cure, embarks on a new journey through the Netherlands, Greece and Egypt, where he will live amusing adventures. Francois, Cordero, Greivin, his beloved family and friends will accompany him in this new story full of healthy and familiar humor. Sinan is sent to Capadocia by his boss, Isfendiyar to write a screenplay. As he waits for inspiration, Sinan finds himself running first into Eylul, the daughter of Izzet, who owns the hotel where he's booked to stay, and then into soap opera star Faruk, his former good friend and present enemy. It isn't long before cabdriver Lokman, who declares himself Sinan's 'chauffeur' and Arif, a local farmer and horse breeder, are part of both Sinan's life and his screenplay. Although plentiful adventures among the magical fairy chimneys, colorful balloons and at the annual grape festival become like a movie for all involved, the happy ending awaited by the boss, Isfendiyar never happens. But the boss insists on his happy ending. And Sinan has to write that ending! Alicia has started getting these very noisy, disturbing phone calls. The question is, are they real, or is it all in her head? In a near-future Britain, young Alexander DeLarge and his pals get their kicks beating and raping anyone they please. When not destroying the lives of others, Alex swoons to the music of Beethoven. The state, eager to crack down on juvenile crime, gives an incarcerated Alex the option to undergo an invasive procedure that'll rob him of all personal agency. In a time when conscience is a commodity, can Alex change his tune?  A charming Christmas tale of hope, forgiveness and faith that centers around a single mom, her seven year old daughter and a Salvation Army Santa Claus. Touching on bulimia, death and cat sodomy, this French actress and comedian is keen to push the envelope in a one-woman show with understated flair. A series of episodes linked by a common thread: "Who are the infamous?". The infamous are all those who, with their despicable actions cause things go well for them but bad for others. There are many things that could go better, much depends on us and our everyday behavior.  For a group of bachelors in rural Punjab, finding a suitable life partner seems to be an almost impossible task. When one of them meets the girl of his dreams, he is turned down by her relatives, who are not too keen to marry her off to a guy with no family of his own. It is now up to him to find his long-lost kins and more importantly, win everybody's approval to marry his sweetheart. Three months after a painful breakup, a woman's despair magically conjures up a powerful typhoon. During the course of an ordinary week in Hollywood, movie producer Ben must navigate his way through shark-infested waters as he struggles to complete his latest projects. A demanding studio boss demands extensive changes to a movie starring Sean Penn, while another chief won't greenlight a project unless star Bruce Willis shaves his beard. Meanwhile, Ben tries to reconcile with his wife and maintain a relationship with his young daughter. Two down-and-outs bonded together in misfortune devise a plan to rob a small town amusement arcade.   Demon Catcher Someone is killing art house filmmakers in NYC so the city calls on Werewolf Ninja Philosopher - a werewolf who is a ninja, a philosopher, and a private detective - to help stop the killings.  They say that in 1600s, long before the invention of photography, a scientist named Fumagalli, was obsessed with the idea of reproducing images. He discovered that by killing a victim and removing his eyeballs it was possible to reproduce on paper the last image imprinted on the person's retina. He named such tecnique "Thanatography". Today, the same kind of gruesome ritual and abominable crimes r   Spouses Simas and Giedre feel that their sexual life is similar to the buckwheat diet.  But one evening they suddenly find themselves in bed with another woman. Giedre after this adventure remains easily confused, and Simas is completely twisted in the head ... The man puts a cart and speaks his wife to sleep with a pair of swingers. Only the swingers themselves and the party in their luxurious home will not be as everyone expected ... Three teens, one city and endless partying. Joel, Olga and Tavo are searching for their place in the world caught between love, loss and teenage angst. One night when they decide to break into an empty house, destiny will take over and decide their real place in the world, if it can accommodate them. Three generations of a family get together for the 25th anniversary of Rick and Cristy while their daughter Tin appears clueless that her parents no longer sleep on the same bed. Chelsea is an in-demand call girl whose $2,000 an hour price tag allows her to live in New York's lap of luxury. Besides her beauty and sexual skill, Chelsea offers her clients companionship and conversation, or, as she dubs it, "the girlfriend experience." With her successful business and a devoted, live-in boyfriend, Chelsea thinks she has it made... until a new client rocks her world. Fresh from their latest UK tour, Matt Parker, Steve Mould and Helen Arney have created yet another comedy spectacular for digital download. Packed full of science, songs and spherical geometry, the intrepid trio go further than ever to celebrate nerdiness in all its raw and unpolished glory.  You Can't Polish A Nerd is the third show from science comedy phenomenon Festival of the Spoken Nerd. It's here to put the "ooh" into zoology, the "fun" into fundamental theorem of calculus and the "recursion" into recursion, creating the ultimate in audio-visual entertainment for nerds and non-nerds. Li Kuanglong and his self-ruling party member Wang Yunyi bet that they would struggle to avoid being a bachelor for life. In the grouping of art classes, Xu Xin Meng gradually became acquainted with it, but Si Jin Li Jinling, who was hidden in the darkness, gave his best efforts to stop his younger brother. His younger brother used wisdom to resist and he made many absurd laughs. This is an ordinary high school teenager who struggles to make friends, but is subject to five obsessive love stories. Myrna, whose husband just passed away, struggling with depression. She just found her purpose once again when she received a postcard from Monang, her son which ran away from home because of conflicts with his father. Accompanied by two of her best friends, Dayu and Hasnah, Myrna decided to search for Monang in Bali, with the postcard as their only clue of Monang's whereabouts. Once they arrived in Bali, they realized it is not easy to find Monang, they had many unfortunate events which lead them to jail, until they have arguments with each ocher which caused their life-long friendship breaking apart. Will Myrna succeeded to find Monang? How will their friendship stands?  The visual "degeneration" of the image ... through successive rephotography is paralleled by the compression of verbal information to the point of its loss of legibility; yet, both the "degenerated" sound and image are perceptually engaging, even in the most advanced stages of "degeneration". It is obvious why the film has its title, because of the strategies of its coming into being, but, paradoxically, at the level of effect, its dynamics arise from its "Episodic Degeneration". Drifting aimlessly through life, Kaisi (Li Yi Feng) has racked up debts of several million having borrowed money from his friends. Lured with the promise of writing it all off, Kaisi leaves his ailing mother and childhood sweetheart Qing (Zhou Dongyu) to board the ship Destiny and attend a gambling party controlled by the mysterious Anderson (Michael Douglas).  All players join the game with stars. For each game they lose, their opponent captures a star. Everyone is holding daggers behind their backs plotting dirty means by which to overcome their opponents. The game quickly deteriorates into a slaughter and Kaisi must battle save his own skin... Two men who work in a pharmacy moonlight as small-time robbers and during one of their break-ins, they walk away with Rs5 lakh each. And soon, the cops, gangsters and a perpetually horny NRI woman are after them... The story revolve around five couples of different generations. Their lives are woven together by coincidences but sometimes through very deliberate choices where the common driving force is the search for love. Marina's life is thrown into turmoil following the death of her partner. Mourning the loss of the man she loved, she finds herself under intense scrutiny from those with no regard for her privacy. When Blanca Snow is faced with spending Christmas with her dastardly stepmother, Victoria, she attempts to fulfill her late father's wishes and create new memories as a family. However, Victoria plots to edge Blanca out of her father's inheritance and keep the money and his mansion, for herself. Victoria has Blanca hypnotized, so she will forget everyone and everything about her father's will. When Blanca wakes up in a quaint motor lodge out of town with severe amnesia, she receives the help of seven quirky friends, the Holly Jollies, to help her figure out her life. While attempting to regain her memory, she finds herself the object of affection to both house painter Hunter, and Lucas Prince. But, who can she trust? A former convict, named Raul Vela, and a cabaret singer, called Clara, are a couple who tries to lead a normal life. He has found an employment and she wants to leave the cabaret. One day an old chief, who wants to disappear, proposes him to justify his supposed death in a supposed accident. In exchange, Raul will receive one hundred thousand pesetas as gratification. Raul refuses to engage in the deception. Shortly after, he reads in a newspaper about the death of Cervera, which makes the police relate him to the case. Documentary about Lisbon's transformation following the economic crisis. It follows Ben and Jen whose relationship is put to test as they embark on a trip of a lifetime to Jen's lifelong dream destination Iceland. Christopher is an ambitious college freshman, striving to become a writer. Through a computer fault he's assigned the same room as Alex, a real party freak and... a girl! He's annoyed and tries to get a different room as soon as possible, but when he learns to know her, he also starts to like her. She not only improves his sexual life, but also his writing skills Yeong-joo, a former synchronized swimming athlete goes to Jeju Island to put together a synchronized swimming team for a performance. She slowly befriends the haenyeo, or female divers, and gradually begins to fit into their way of life. Cop-turned-security guard Ma Xianyong finds himself in a criminal twilight zone when two unrelated events turn his world upside down. The mysterious disappearance of his boss has implications for his financial security. Even more perilous is the abduction of his paralyzed sister who, unknown to Ma, makes a morbid deal with her captors. Eight-year-old Matthias dreams that he will someday become a pilot and his divorced parents will get back together. He waits yearningly for his ninth birthday because his father has told him the story of Icarus, and promised to take him on a sightseeing flight. When Matthias' father doesn't come home, he is devastated. He runs throughout the city, talks to his friend about the relationships of adults, looks for his father at his desk, and gets himself into conflict with the police. As he sits alone on the roof of a house, he comes to the conclusion that Icarus didn't plummet to the earth because he didn't listen to his father, but rather because his father had forgotten him. Cosimo is Italian, Nicole French. They meet in Genoa during the G8 protests and immediately fall in love. Swept off their feet by an overwhelming and uncontrollable passion, they decide never to part. After much wandering they decide to return to Genoa, where they start working for a friend of theirs who organises concerts. Things seem to be going well until a tragic accident almost sours their relationship, as a result of which they're faced with two options that can change their future. Forever. What would we be able to do for love? How far could we go in an extreme situation? Is there a monster inside each one of us waiting to reveal itself? Guilherme is a young man like many others, with dreams and aspirations, until one day his grandfather's health puts him to test.  This is going to be the best holiday ever. Coconut The Little Dragon is thrilled about going to summer camp with his best friends Oscar and Matilda. But due to wild Water Dragons and carnivorous plants, the adventure he wished for turns out tougher than expected. When Serhiy asks his girlfriend to marry him, he is met with a sound rebuff and an unflattering critique of his poor performance in bed. Broken-hearted and with his world almost falling apart, Serhiy takes a macho decision to spend the New Year holiday with his friend, Vasyl in Prague. After a fairly dismal night in a strip club, Serhiy meets striptease dancer, Diana, who offers to show him the way to become a sex super hero. But his ex-girlfriend seems to be standing in the way of realising his dream. We follow Serhiy's further hot - and ever hotter - adventures in Prague. 9 Thirudargal (nine thieves) is a Tamil language comedy movie directed by Vijay Paramasivam and starring Saran, Akansha Mohan and Y. G. Mahendra.  Shrek Retold. Shrek Retold is a fan-made retelling of the first Shrek movie. Each separate scene is individually made by one or two different people. Mediums used include live-action, flash animation, Lego-mation, computer-animation, and much more. In 2016, GRAMMY-nominated trio Above & Beyond left the electronic world behind, risking it all to go acoustic. Their new film Above & Beyond Acoustic - Giving Up The Day Job, follows the group's unlikely journey from the DJ booth to the Hollywood Bowl. The imperial forces of Lord Quimio capture princess Felelia and steal a big cargo of vital force for the rebellion. Obi Wan Quequena, warned by the princess, starts gathering a group of brave people to recover the force, save the princess and end the empire that strikes the galaxy. Sisters Mary Jane and Mary Anne find themselves at odds with each other over a groom-to-be Four stories about Saint Petersburg through the eyes of ordinary guys who have seen a lot on their path, but have not betrayed themselves. The film casts famous Russian hip-hop band KASTA. Ananthu is advocate belonging to an orthodox Brahmin family, who falls in Love with Nusrath Fathima baig, a Muslim girl. How Ananthu wins his love is the plot. Whole love story revolves in Court and Narrated in a humorous way. Crisanto and Dolores' marriage is going through a rough patch. Going through a marital crisis, a couple's marriage is tested when Crisanto is diagnosed with early-onset Alzheimer's disease as Dolores sinks deeper into depression. Paglisan tells the story of how a married couple attempt to survive together through fading memories and fleeting identities. Marcus has invented the ultimate dating app utilizing the Deep Web to access metadata in order to create the perfect match for any user. What he doesn't know is that consequences occur when you don't respect the internet. A troubled family moves to New York. In the late 90's, wet-behind-the-ears Lu Youhong takes a job teaching Chinese at a remote martial arts academy. His many students could care less for academics except for Zhang Cuishan, who excels at schoolwork but hates martial arts and is bullied for it. A group of friends set out a plan for a perfect crime. Two filmmakers attempt to make a documentary about an anonymous phone-work artist called Longmont Potion Castle who's been releasing albums of surreal and hilarious pranks for over thirty years. In spite of a semi-successful crowdfunding campaign and the involvement of celebrity fans, the filmmakers succumb to their own infighting and bad luck leaving an unpaid camera operator to finish the film. a story of a young couple want to get married , how ever the wedding ceremony price is more than they can afford . people in the village suggested they can share the cost with a funeral . Joe Lycett's brand new stand up show I'm About to Lose Control and I Think Joe Lycett, Live is ready for you to enjoy. Join Joe as he shares jokes, paintings and some of the pathetic trolling he's been up to recently, such as breaking into banks, selling art for 12.5 million quid and taking on gold medal winning olympians. Recorded at a sold out event in the Apollo, Hammersmith, London. You've probably seen Joe absolutely smashing it on 8 out of 10 Cats Does Countdown, QI, Taskmaster, Roast Battle and the Royal Variety Performance. This is his second live stand up special. You will totally love it babe!!! Two online motorcycle taxi drivers, Pras and Duras, were forced by Sakti the great thief to take back his stolen diamond which was accidentally carried by the dangdut diva Sofiyah. An unmarried 40-year-old woman turns to a turkey baster in order to become pregnant. Seven years later, she reunites with her best friend, who has been living with a secret: he replaced her preferred sperm sample with his own. Golmal is an Comedy based movie. In which, Ameer Khan (JD Chakri) and Amar Sastry (Ramesh Arvind) are buddies in a village. Ameer Khan is a rich guy and has a long-cherished dream of flying to USA and to do the white collared job. Amar Sastry is a poor guy who has lots of responsibilities and the entire burden of his family is on his shoulders.The conventional parents of Ameer want him to join the college run by Abdullah - a friend of Ameer When Stuntin' on social media goes terribly wrong. Yeong-cheol is a totally incompetent man in his 40s. He runs a small chicken restaurant, but his fried chicken is the worst-tasting chicken in his village. He loses all his money, which is actually a paltry amount, in the stock market and leads a pathetic life. Worse, he gets bitten by a zombie and becomes one.  One day, his family is plunged into a serious crisis because of the money that Yeong-cheol borrows from loan sharks. Yeong-cheol, who sees himself as totally powerless, fights them to save his family. A documentary covering the 2013 Gathering of the Juggalos in Cave-In-Rock, IL. Navy Lt. Tom Farrell meets a young woman, Susan Atwell , and they share a passionate fling. Farrell then finds out that his superior, Defense Secretary David Brice, is also romantically involved with Atwell. When the young woman turns up dead, Farrell is put in charge of the murder investigation. He begins to uncover shocking clues about the case, but when details of his encounter with Susan surface, he becomes a suspect as well. Wendy, a former child performer, lost her star after her tantrum went public. She grows up thinking that the world still loves her. Forced to provide to her family, she tries to reclaim her former glory by auditioning to reality shows and contests. When her efforts fail, a secret fan provides her a job as a barista in a coffee shop.  coming soon! MLA Mani: Patham Classum Gusthiyum is a Malayalam film released in 2012. It was directed by Sreejith Paleri and had Kalabhavan Mani, Lena and Vidya in the lead roles.[1] Kalabhavan Mani has also done the music and has sung all the songs in the film. Ordinary single girl Amanda Pierce unexpectedly finds herself sharing an awesome Manhattan apartment with four sexy supermodels. Determined to bring Amanda into their world, the models give her the ultimate makeover. The plan works fabulously as Amanda connects with next door charmer Jim Winston. That is, until one night... A couple with a newborn baby face unexpected difficulties after they are forced to live next to a fraternity house.  Four engineering graduates, clueless about what life is bound to offer them, enjoy being in each other's company, making the most of their vivacious energy, sometimes desperate to get into relationships. Just when the going seems fairly smooth, a personal setback hits them hard. The continuations of the adventures of Bobrov family all members of which suddenly became superheroes...  Gods come to Earth to prevent its destruction. An inventor (John Garfield) and his bride (Anne Shirley) get testy in the city as they try to make ends meet. Medieval French monks find a freezing, ill juggler and take him in. Upon recovering, the impoverished man wishes to illustrate his tremendous gratitude. He eventually finds a way to.  Rhett and Link, hosts of Good Mythical Morning, bring their Book of Mythicality to life. This special includes the full live concert performance, plus a bonus behind-the-scenes documentary featuring rare, unseen footage of Rhett and Link.  Amin has come from Senegal to work in France, leaving behind his wife Aicha, and their three children. He leads a solitary life in France, where the only space he occupies is his home and the building sites on which he works. Most of his earnings are sent to Senegal. One day, he meets a woman, Gabrielle, and a relationship is born. Maya, a 19 year old queer pixie, gets romantically involved with her sexually fluid insta-crush and unknowingly inserts herself into a twisted love triangle. About who really loves jam. Heartbroken and flat broke, Greg (director Zebulon Zang) struggles to reenter the workforce and suffers a series of seriocomic indignities, including single-handedly crewing an experimental film. As Greg's existential dread steeps, Zang reveals himself to be a keen observer of human nature who's capable of mining rich absurdity from the mundane. Film JUGAAD, produced by Sandiip Kapur under the banner of Promodome Films and directed by R. Anand Kumar, is RELEASING on 6th February 2009.R. Anand Kumar, who has directed successful Hindi movie DELHI HEIGHTS and around 40 ad commercials, is very upbeat about this comic caper.JUGAAD stars Manoj Bajpai, Hrishitaa Bhatt, Vijay Raz, Sanjay Mishra, Govind Namdeo and is introducing new artiste Nitin. After decades behind bars, three men set out to prove success can lie on the other side of tragedy. Follows the stories of Harrison, Noel, and Chris as they return home from San Quentin State Prison. After spending most of their lives incarcerated, they are forced to reconcile their perception of themselves with a reality they are unprepared for. Each struggles to overcome personal demons and reconstruct their fractured lives. Grappling with day-to-day challenges and striving for success, they work to reconnect with family and provide for themselves for the first time in their adult lives. Told in an unadorned verite style, we experience the truth of their heartaches and triumphs. As their stories unfold over weeks, months and years, the precarious nature of freedom after incarceration in America is revealed. A typical next door mexican girl -away from the beauty standards-, will try to conquer her old boss, a very handsome and charismatic socialite, who is now broken and alone. The new year is approaching, and Barvikha's police department is planning to celebrate it outside the city in the warm company of old friends and colleagues. But unforeseen circumstances in the person of criminals who robbed a large jewelry company, put the holiday at risk. Will the Rublev police be able to return the stolen gems worth millions of dollars and save their holiday before the clock strikes midnight? Anna, a conservative girl wakes up in a hotel room with the biggest actor in the country. Having no memory on how she got there, she must figure her way out of the hotel to avoid the fans and media swarming the hotel. Everything in Hatchetfield seemed normal until people began singing... Then, they began dancing... Andt now, a musical pandemic is sweeping the entire city. It's up to Paul (an average guy who doesn't like musicals) and his friends to stop this musical apocalypse and fight for humanity's future. Awang finds himself jobless after his boss En. Tapa fires him, all because he beat up and injured Pak Mahmud while collecting debt repayment. He tries to make money by selling of a golden drill, which is a valuable antique owned by his mother. Unfortunately for him, he doesn't have the necessary document needed to sell it off. A smugglers gang is active on the Austrian-Swiss border. Until now, no one has come to their attention. But one day a little girl gets seriously ill and needs medical attention; the young operator will forget that he has to be careful and calls for help through the secret channel. (filmvandaag.nl) The three-part feature by Brian Jordan Alvarez Miko is still seeking true love, along with Dovi, the most confident person who lives with him, and Anca their faithful housekeeper.  Miko always fails every time he is close to a girl. Rian, who has been a stand-up comedian in the boats, believes that it is caused by the curse of the Miko's past, because Rian always dream to see something related to an item kept by Miko since secondary school. They are trying to trace friends from their secondary school who are likely the cause of the curse.  Dovi continues to struggle with problems of his study in law school that makes   him stress. He gets assignment from his lecturer to accompany a group of foreign students, Alexandra, Suzuki, and Mamadi around Jakarta and must meet specified targets. Dovi had to prove his worth for the sake of his studies.  Hosted by renowned neuroscientist and M.D., Ph.D., Dr. Adam Gazzaley, The Distracted Mind delves deeply into attention, distraction, the myth of multi-tasking, and how to use the latest research to possibly improve our skills and abilities at any point during our lives. While the brain can seem almost boundless in its potential, it has limitations, such as processing speed, attentional limitations, working memory limitations, and sensitivity to interference, which can be both internal and external. Dr. Gazzaley explores the impact that multi-tasking has on our safety, memory, education, careers and personal lives. Most importantly, The Distracted Mind tells us what we can do to improve our attentional abilities and our focus as we age, and as media continues to dominate our landscape. From changing our behaviors, to literally changing our brains, Dr. Gazzaley shares information you need to survive and thrive in the information age.  New generation. Same problems. The hilarious 4th instalment of the popular and successful franchise is back! More adventures with the Padayachee family, and the people close to them.   Artur is an Armenian guy who dreams about a career in filmmaking, but his grandfather wants him to take over the family wine business. When a bad review from an Estonian critic threatens to ruin the family business, Artur has to go to Tallinn to set things straight. There he meets the feisty Ingrid and things take an unexpected turn. Venom regulars Philip Kwok, Chiang Sheng, and Sun Chien star as a gang of unemployed martial artists who spend their days stuffing their faces at local restaurants and letting the staff beat them up instead of paying the bill. Their fortunes appear to improve when the head of a local security agency hires them to take out the competition, who their new employer insists is up to no good. But the boys are being played for fools, and after an unfortunate misunderstanding, they unite with their former adversary to take out the true villain. In honor of his birthday, San Francisco banker Nicholas Van Orton, a financial genius and a cold-hearted loner, receives an unusual present from his younger brother, Conrad: a gift certificate to play a unique kind of game. In nearly a nanosecond, Nicholas finds himself consumed by a dangerous set of ever-changing rules, unable to distinguish where the charade ends and reality begins. An unemployed reporter, fired because of his drinking, takes a job at an advertising agency. Drama. The latest film by the director of popular Lithuanian comedies. Every family has its quarrels, but after confronting each other in "Una loca navidad catracha", the Barro family has finally reconciled and is ready to take a vacation together. They visit La Ceiba, a stunning port city on the coast of Honduras, where there will be snorkeling, dancing, a little trouble, and lots of laughter. A group of Central-American teen-agers depart from the slums of Guatemala City escaping poverty and violence, towards the promised land of California. When a joy ride goes very wrong, fast-talking teenager Tunji and his friends must scramble to raise the money to fix their stern uncle Taju's beloved car. With just five hours before Taju gets off work, the four young men resort to every infamous Las Gidi street hustle they know. "The Last Six Degrees of Celebration" will be the most touching, kind and magical of all, because your favorite characters will say goodbye to the audience. The film almanac will include five New Year stories. In the novel "Pines" millenial will help his brutal stepfather, Uncle Yura, to make a marriage proposal. In "The Brothers", the inseparable friends, Borya and Zhenya, will once again be on the verge of breaking up, because Zhenya is going to return to Yakutsk. The skier and snowboarder turned the whole city over for the sake of the smile of one beauty in the short story "Restaurant of quick acquaintance". "The Station for Three" will tell the story of a simple girl from Voronezh who went in pursuit of her happiness - the capital actor Komarovsky, and in the novel "Bad Grandpa" the Snow Maiden will go to save a lonely, but very grumbling grandpa. What will you give me if I give you financial support? It's hard to believe Hee-jeong is old enough to have a son (Seong-bin) in university. She needs some kind of stimulant in life, so she starts meetings under conditions. Yeon-hee, Hee-jeong's friend who runs a cafe, is a killer for younger men. Hee-jeong sends her son Seong-bin to work in Yeon-hee's cafe... Yeon-hee thinks of her friend's son as meat... Hee-jeong ends up meeting with her son's friend and fate decides to play a game.  Chief Daddy tells the story of billionaire industrialist Chief Beecroft, a flamboyant benefactor to a large extended family of relatives, household staff and assorted mistresses. Chief lives large, like there's no tomorrow, until the day he dies suddenly and the 'bullion van' stops. What's in his will and who gets all that money? What happens next will surprise you, as Chief Daddy has the last laugh from beyond the grave. Righteous mountain patrol officer Xin Lan (Esther HUANG) grows tiresome of the stable but repeated boring life, without realizing any of her dreams. She plans to break up with her boy friend Ah De (Ta SU) and leaves this place. But before the discussion of the breakup, Ah De tries to persuade Xin Lan to go up the mountains with his hunter buddy Dumas, in search of the valuable cypress that they stashed away from the wood thieves. The three of them run into artist Patrick Star, who tries to hang himself. To prevent him from committing suicide, they take him along and then rescue a newborn deer on the way. When they finally reach the spot of hidden cypress, Ah De is dumbfounded by what he sees. Xin Lan also feels that, as a patrol officer, she must follow the protocol and stop Ah-de's illegal activities. The wood thief that stalks them also shows up, trying to take the cypress from them. With all of them fighting one another, how will this journey end? Also known as Hong Kong.  Six greedy people are invited to join a party at a villa and to become the rightful owner of this villa, but little do they know the dark story behind the villa. After three katoey siblings (lady boys) have succeeded in freeing the ghost of an ancient lady in the previous sequel, they become famous and are now asked to run a haunted all-male apartment. More ghosts are waiting for these fun-loving katoeys and their cohort of amusing sidekicks. A beautiful girl, Snow White, takes refuge in the forest in the house of seven dwarfs to hide from her stepmother, the wicked Queen. The Queen is jealous because she wants to be known as "the fairest in the land," and Snow White's beauty surpasses her own. A beautiful princess born in a faraway kingdom is destined by a terrible curse to prick her finger on the spindle of a spinning wheel and fall into a deep sleep that can only be awakened by true love's first kiss. Determined to protect her, her parents ask three fairies to raise her in hiding. But the evil Maleficent is just as determined to seal the princess's fate. Legally Blonde is a musical with music and lyrics by Laurence O'Keefe and Nell Benjamin and book by Heather Hach. The story is based on the novel Legally Blonde by Amanda Brown and the 2001 film of the same name.  It tells the story of Elle Woods, a sorority girl who enrols at Harvard Law School to win back her ex-boyfriend Warner.  She discovers how her knowledge of the law can help others, and successfully defends exercise queen Brooke Wyndham in a murder trial. Throughout the show, no one has faith in Elle Woods, but she manages to surprise them when she defies expectations while staying true to herself. The explosive, inspiring and true story of a savage street fighter who turned his life around fallowing a conversion to Christianity. He felt God's call, and acted upon it, to take the message of Jesus Christ to teenage gangs all over America and beyond. In this artful and informative documentary, we journey through the formative years of the greatest filmmaker you've never heard of, and learn why he is the best of the best. Thinking he can overshadow an unknown actress in the part, an egocentric actor unknowingly gets a witch cast in an upcoming television remake of the classic show "Bewitched". Sapthagiri, a small time lawyer from Chittoor dreams of making it big. He decides to get a high profile case reopened, taking on the finest lawyer in the country, in the process. Sapthagiri's life and justice will never be the same again.  When an aspiring film maker, Steve befriends Joan in Hollywood, he is confronted with a wild crazy town of screenwriters, directors, sexy actors, and executive producers. This lighthearted story full of friendship and deception shows you either have it or you don't when living in Hollywood.  The movie is about the endless miracles during the motorcycle trip of Dan (Kenjiro Yamashita), Tettsu (Kanta Sato) and Chiharu (Taiki Sato), the Sanno Rengokai trio (also known as: DTC). (from LDH)   Mainland Chinese movie The shocking story of Joel Rifkin, a troubled young man whose hidden fantasies of power and control combined with his obsessive dedication to prostitutes led him to embark on one of the New York area's most notorious murder sprees, claiming seventeen victims in the late eighties and early nineties. In this one-man Broadway show, John Leguizamo finds humor and heartbreak as he traces 3,000 years of Latin history in an effort to help his bullied son. Adnan, Bobby, Nadia and Wawa are going to Bangkok for a business affair plus a short getaway. Unfortunately, Nadia and Wawa had lost their passports. Therefore, only Adnan and Bobby have to go to Bangkok together with Adnan's baby.  Upon their arrival in Bangkok, their plans did not go well. He lost his baby and thought his baby was kidnapped for a child trafficking syndicate when he carelessly left the baby at the airport. They went for a search around the city and accidently met NOK, a Thai woman who suspiciously carrying a baby. Adnan was confident that Nok was carrying his baby and started chasing her. Later, Adnan found out that it wasn't his son.. Jumping around from musing about the disappointment of Kinder Surprise eggs to medieval porn to men's tendency not to admit ignorance to a brilliant take-off of Chris de Burgh, which comes out of nowhere. Yes, Bailey lacks an inherent structure--unlike Harry Hill or Al Murray--so you could walk in half way through and not miss any underlying subtleties. Two beefed-up twins (played by the Paul brothers, Peter and David, who have appeared in several programmers as The Barbarian Brothers) operating on opposing sides of the law, team up to stop a nefarious crook in this actioner. Peter Jade is a notoriously arrogant burglar who ends up with the key to an enormous underground cache of diamonds. David Jade is a cop who joins forces with Peter after greedy Philip Chamberlain, wanting the diamonds for himself, kills David's partner  All his life Myshkin was dreaming about becoming an actor. And now eight years old Dasha is trying to help him. Four promiscuous businessmen must scheme to save the poor people of a village after a corrupt politician challenges them. A look at a few chapters in the life of Poppy, a cheery, colorful, North London schoolteacher whose optimism tends to exasperate those around her. Sadko is based on an opera by Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov, which was based on a Russian epic tale of the same name.  In the old Russian city of Novgorod, the merchants are feasting in a gorgeous palace and Sadko is bragging that he can bring to their land a sweet-voiced bird of happiness. They laugh at him, but he is offered help by the Ocean King's daughter, who is mesmerized by Sadko's singing and is in love with him. The hero is destined to visit many lands in his search of the bird.  First shown in the USA in 1953 with English subtitles, the film was re-released in the United States in 1962 in an English-dubbed and modified, but remarkably unedited,  form by Roger Corman's Filmgroup under the title The Magic Voyage of Sinbad.   This is the story of the Puffs... who just happened to be there too. A tale for anyone who has never been destined to save the world. From Fathom Events, "Puffs: Filmed Live Off Broadway" comes to cinemas nationwide for two days only, May 9 and 12, including special, behind-the-curtain footage of cast and crew. This clever and inventive play "never goes more than a minute without a laugh" (Nerdist), giving you a new look at a familiar adventure from the perspective of three potential heroes just trying to make it through a magic school that proves to be very dangerous for children. Cheryl is having a dinner party, and asks her gay brother, Jeffrey, to bartend. Thinking it's an open party, Jeffrey invites his boyfriend, Julian; Julian invites his ex-lover, Brett, and Brett invites his filmmaker buddy, Dan. Adding to the confusion are Cheryl*s cousins, Terry and Tracey from Wisconsin...and an elderly neighbor who inadvertently crashes the party.... Randy reads excerpts from his new book, but not before going on lengthy tangents on veganism, artistic expression, Gumtree and so much more. Ayyo Rama is an Drama Romance film directed by Kiran Kumar Cheboolu and produced by Ganta Ramakrishna. It features Pavan Sidhu and Kamna Singh in the lead roles while Chandra Mohan appear in crucial supporting roles.The movie is completely produced by Ganta Ramakrishna. The movie is completely packed popular characters of comedy show jabardasth mainly Chandra and chanti in lead roles. Camp Red Feather has begun and the children participate in a Pow Wow and learn about Native traditions. Unbeknownst to the children, the teachings of the Natives concerning climate change and Mother Earth will play a detrimental role when they are trapped during a storm. The Natives recount the story of the Creator, the story of the Brave Little Tortoise - a Native story depicting bravery, the children come in contact with the ancient sacred Native horse - the Curly Horse, and the children learn about the medicine bag.  Due to the parents' inability to accept each other in this small multicultural town, their children have learned to bully each other. Forbidden puppy love will bloom and the pranks will fly as the children encounter typical conflicts. The children learn to accept each other and work together when they have an unexpected run in with Nature.  Will the town's people be able to put aside their differences to save the children in time? Mockumentary about the history and closing of Metcalf South Mall in Overland Park, KS. 2017 Telugu Movie Pavarotti And Friends II Thanga Radham is a Tamil movie starring Aadithi Krishna and Aadukalam Naren in prominent roles. The cast also includes Vetri and Mottai Rajendran. It is a drama directed by P. Balamurugan. Ishtangaa is a Telugu movie starring Arjun Mahi and Tanishq Rajan in prominent roles. The movie also stars Duvvasi Mohan, Thagubothu Ramesh and Madhunandan. It is a drama directed by Sampath V. Rudra with P. Venkateshwer Rao as producer, forming part of the crew. Urban horticulturalist Bronte Mitchell has her eye on a gorgeous apartment, but the building's board will rent it only to a married couple. Georges Faure, a waiter from France whose visa is expiring, needs to marry an American woman to stay in the country. Their marriage of convenience turns into a burden when they must live together to allay the suspicions of the immigration service, as the polar opposites grate on each other's nerves. College boxer Jin-kyu falls in love with a college girl Min-hye while chatting on the phone. Min-hye gives him her virginity but her family forces her to get engaged to In-myung and get rid of the baby with Jin-kyu. Broken hearted, Jin-kyu fights as a professional boxer while seeing Yeon-hi who runs a salon. He loses the match on the verge of championship and suffers failure. Min-hye feels sympathy for him who struggles and embraces life. 