A lone gunman gets a last-minute pardon from death row, with the mission to deliver a woman of mysterious powers to an evil Governor. Against the backdrop of a frozen, inhospitable earth, Snowblind fires up the classical love triangle with smoking barrels and a ton of red-hot bullets. 'Wazir' is a tale of two unlikely friends, a wheelchair-bound chess grandmaster and a brave ATS officer. Brought together by grief and a strange twist of fate, the two men decide to help each other win the biggest games of their lives. But there's a mysterious, dangerous opponent lurking in the shadows, who is all set to checkmate them. Private investigator Matthew Scudder is hired by a drug kingpin to find out who kidnapped and murdered his wife. Set in postwar America, a man watches his seemingly perfect life fall apart as his daughter's new political affiliation threatens to destroy their family. An art curator decides to seek revenge on his abusive boss by conning him into buying a fake Monet, but his plan requires the help of an eccentric and unpredictable Texas rodeo queen. In 1860s Paris, a young woman, Therese, is trapped in a loveless marriage to the sickly Camille by her domineering aunt, Madame Raquin. She spends her days behind the counter of a small shop and her evenings watching Madame play dominos with an eclectic group. After she meets her husband's alluring friend, Laurent, she embarks on an illicit affair that leads to tragic consequences. Based on Emile Zola's novel, Therese Raquin. McCall believes he has put his mysterious past behind him and dedicated himself to beginning a new, quiet life. But when he meets Teri, a young girl under the control of ultra-violent Russian gangsters, he can't stand idly by - he has to help her. Armed with hidden skills that allow him to serve vengeance against anyone who would brutalize the helpless, McCall comes out of his self-imposed retirement and finds his desire for justice reawakened. If someone has a problem, if the odds are stacked against them, if they have nowhere else to turn, McCall will help. He is The Equalizer. Some of Sin City's most hard-boiled citizens cross paths with a few of its more reviled inhabitants. Alan Partridge has had many ups and downs in life--national television broadcaster; responsible for killing a guest on live TV; local radio broadcaster; nervous breakdown in Dundee; and a self-published book that was subsequently recalled and pulped. Alan tries to salvage his public career while negotiating a potentially violent turn of events at North Norfolk Digital Radio. A fatal plane crash changes the lives of Roman and Jake forever. Roman loses his wife and daughter in the accident, while Jake loses his mind--as he happens to be the air traffic controller who failed to avert the nightmare. Rage and revenge engulfs Roman and Jake finds himself swamped with guilt and regret. In the quiet family town of Suburbicon during the 1950s, the best and worst of humanity is hilariously reflected through the deeds of seemingly ordinary people. When a home invasion turns deadly, a picture-perfect family turns to blackmail, revenge and murder. The adventures of two California Highway Patrol motorcycle officers as they make their rounds on the freeways of Los Angeles. An eighteen year old high school drop out and his twenty-seven year old friend start trafficking marijuana across the border of Canada in order to make money and their lives are changed forever. When a gunman takes five lives with six shots, all evidence points to the suspect in custody. On interrogation, the suspect offers up a single note: "Get Jack Reacher!" So begins an extraordinary chase for the truth, pitting Jack Reacher against an unexpected enemy, with a skill for violence and a secret to keep. The savage murders of three young children sparks a controversial trial of three teenagers accused of killing the kids as part of a satanic ritual. Spies, cops and armed children cross paths on a day of danger, mystery and possible transformation. Five unusual characters are unknowingly connected to an extraordinary smuggling operation, as religious conspiracy collides with urban crime. A heightened homage to the City of Angels, Electric Slide riffs on the real-life story of Eddie Dodson, the notorious "Gentleman Bank Robber." With a debonair sophistication and a serious talent for flirt, Dodson managed to lure money from mesmerized female tellers at over 60 banks during an epic spree in the 1980s. Young Army staff sergeant Wesley Kent returns to his small hometown from war in Afghanistan. He must cope with burying the body of his best friend under his command and enduring the news of the death of his girlfriend Aspen Malverne who passed away in a car accident while he was abroad. Based on the '70s UK TV show, The Sweeney is an action-packed British police thriller from the director of Football Factory. Jack Regan (Ray Winstone), a hardened cop who doesn't play by the rules, is confronted with a criminal from his past. With sidekick George Carter (Ben Drew aka Plan B) they are put on the case of a jewellery store heist that ends in a killing. But is that killing really an execution in disguise? With pressure from his boss and the fact that Regan is having an affair with that boss's wife, it's not going to be easy for him to stay out of trouble. When an international border dispute arises between the U.S. and Canada, the Super Troopers- Mac, Thorny, Foster, Rabbit and Farva, are called in to set up a new Highway Patrol station in the disputed area. The Grind is a modern urban drama, set in world of sex, drug dealers, dance nightclubs and loan sharks. Vince is the nightclub manager of The Grind in Hackney, East London and having fought his way to a decent living and respectable lifestyle he is determined to settle down and take life easier. Upon meeting and starting a relationship with Nancy, Vinces dream of running a casino for his Boss and getting married looks set.  Bobby, Vinces best friend from school, is released from prison and their friendship soon falls apart, Bobbys addiction to cocaine and gambling spirals out of control and he now owes a huge amount of money to Vinces boss, Dave ; owner of The Grind and an East End loan shark. Vince's life takes a dramatic turn for the worse. Loyalties are tested and friendships are pushed to their limits. Set in 1974, a pair of '60s radicals rely on their bomb-making skills on their way to becoming capitalists. Each member of a group of people has a connection to a self-help book authored by a reclusive former football coach. 28th century, 200 years after the Great Earth Exodus. Naia, a feisty, young singer/songwriter, falls in love with the beautiful saxophonist Parker in Ganymede, one of Jupiter's moons. The two form a band - and now they have to not only make it as musicians but also to fight for their freedom. Dramatically rendered in rich, hand drawn animation, Strange Frame brings us into a world of space pirates, indentured slaves and genetic mutations - infused with music throughout, to create a dreamlike tale unlike anything you've ever seen A young man cares for his younger sisters after their mother is imprisoned for murdering their abusive father. When he strikes up an affair with a married woman, long-dormant family secrets bubble to the surface. A New York stockbroker refuses to cooperate in a large securities fraud case involving corruption on Wall Street, corporate banking world and mob infiltration. Based on Jordan Belfort's autobiography. A shady FBI agent recruits a courier to deliver a mysterious package to a vengeful master criminal who has recently resurfaced with a diabolical plan. On a spring morning, a young girl's body is found at Conleau Beach in Vannes. The police easily identify the victim as Lauren Coulon, a popular high school student who was declared MIA a few days ago. Alongside the police investigation, her family and friends decide to investigate on their own. What nobody knows at the moment is that the Lauren Coulon case will permit to unearth several dark family secrets that had been hidden for more than a decade. In a post-apocalyptic future where humanity has fallen apart, a group of scientists and an animated sign complete the construction of a new human race and meet a groundhog climatologist who prepares them for their mission to restore balance to the decimated Earth. Part of The Children's Trilogy. Filmed in 1938, effects added by Larry Jordan ca. 1965-68. Set in Stalin-era Soviet Union, a disgraced MGB agent is dispatched to investigate a series of child murders -- a case that begins to connect with the very top of party leadership. Mr. Gan shocking news of the death of all TOKAN in Malaysia., Including Mr. Kamil. Mr. Kamil is the father of Suri and Wana, was also the largest TOKAN in Malacca. There are 7 other Tokan under his authority, including Matt Lobe.  Mat Lobe is one of the youngest TOKAN among other TOKAN in Malacca. Mat Lobe is a funny and playful. Suri, Wana, Yusof and Solihin also often stirred by Matt Lobe  Solihin is one of the TOKAN in Malacca. Solihin is a creative in drug manufacturing processes. He spent a lot of time in the laboratory to process and study new drugs produced by him. Yusof moved to Kuala Lumpur to find a job and was offered a job at a factory owned by Mr. Kamil. After working for a few months at the factory, Mr. Kamil has taken Yufos as his own son. Yusof was taken as security guards and bodyguards of Mr. Kamil. Amir, Rosham and Megat are best friends and each of them has big dreams. But things turn upside down when one of them finds a jewelry box that belongs to mafias King and Kong. Their lives are threatened when they become the target of the mafias who want their jewelry back. Toni Jo tries to break her husband, Cowboy, out of prison and becomes an instant sensation due to her beauty. Police officer Asger Holm, demoted to desk work as an alarm dispatcher, answers a call from a panicked woman who claims to have been kidnapped. Confined to the police station and with the phone as his only tool, Asger races against time to get help and find her. Train policeman He continues his investigation of  the murder which happened on the train, he looks closer into the past of the passengers and reveals new secrets . Train policeman He hopes that a autopsy of the body can help to find the real culprit and the true cause of his Death.  Can the rising morning sun bring also light in the darkness of the case? The collective Amanda Flor returns with a history of intolerance and revenge, which will unleash a real street war. The film is set in the increasingly degraded suburbs of Rome. An expatriate Russian dancer is on a plane forced to land on Soviet territory. He is taken to an apartment in which a black American who has married a Russian woman lives with her. He is to become a dancer for the Bolshoi again, but he wishes to escape, but can he trust the American?  When up-and-coming District Attorney Mitch Brockden commits a fatal hit-and-run, he feels compelled to throw the case against the accused criminal who was found with the body and blamed for the crime. Following the trial, Mitch's worst fears come true when he realizes that he acquitted a guilty man, and he soon finds himself on the hunt for the killer before more victims pile up. A professional con man (Hamada Hilal) falls in love with a powerful woman who used to work for a well-known roguery gang. Based on the extraordinary true story of the European city's 1973 bank heist and hostage crisis that was documented in the 1974 New Yorker article "The Bank Drama" by Daniel Lang. The events grasped the world's attention when the hostages bonded with their captors and turned against the authorities, giving rise to the psychological phenomenon known as "Stockholm Syndrome."  Growing up can be a bumpy road, and it's no exception for Riley, who is uprooted from her Midwest life when her father starts a new job in San Francisco. Riley's guiding emotions-- Joy, Fear, Anger, Disgust and Sadness--live in Headquarters, the control centre inside Riley's mind, where they help advise her through everyday life and tries to keep things positive, but the emotions conflict on how best to navigate a new city, house and school. A family on a road trip is stalked by criminals who stashed stolen money in their car. Framed in the 1940s for the double murder of his wife and her lover, upstanding banker Andy Dufresne begins a new life at the Shawshank prison, where he puts his accounting skills to work for an amoral warden. During his long stretch in prison, Dufresne comes to be admired by the other inmates -- including an older prisoner named Red -- for his integrity and unquenchable sense of hope. When a star comedian dies, his comedy team decides to train a 'nobody' to play the Star in a big TV show (a Patsy). But the man chosen, bellboy Stanley Belt (Lewis), can't do anything right. The TV show is getting closer, and Stanley is getting worse. Two law school friends find themselves at odds when one becomes a Justice Department lawyer and the other goes into politics. Jake is a driver for a seedy escort service operating out of 'The Naked Eye strip club', he's a street thug type who falls for a witty high-class escort named Sandy. Except one night Sandy is found murdered, the only clues left behind are cell phone calls made the night she died. To avenge Sandy's death Jake must risk everything and walk a bloody path to find her killer. An enigmatic phone call from a psychic catapults a family into a state of suspended belief while waiting for their recently deceased mother to be resurrected. A young boy travels across Australia with his father, who's wanted by the law. As a corporate auditor who works in a number of different offices, Jonathan McQuarry wanders without an anchor among New York's power brokers. A chance meeting with charismatic lawyer Wyatt Bose leads to Jonathan's introduction to The List, an underground sex club. Jonathan begins an affair with a woman known only as S, who introduces Jonathan to a world of treachery and murder. The true story of fraudulent Washington, D.C. journalist Stephen Glass, who rose to meteoric heights as a young writer in his 20s, becoming a staff writer at The New Republic for three years. Looking for a short cut to fame, Glass concocted sources, quotes and even entire stories, but his deception did not go unnoticed forever, and eventually, his world came crumbling down. The story of the awakening of painter, Margaret Keane, her phenomenal success in the 1950s, and the subsequent legal difficulties she had with her husband, who claimed credit for her works in the 1960s. In Stockholm, Sweden, hacker Lisbeth Salander is hired by Frans Balder, a computer engineer, to retrieve a program that he believes it is too dangerous to exist. An obsessed cop is on the trail of a serial killer prowling the streets of Buffalo, N.Y. but when his teenage daughter disappears, he drops any professional restraint to get the killer. A mild-mannered father is transformed into a killing machine after his family is torn apart by a violent act. A story set in the 90s and in the outskirts of Rome to Ostia. A world where money, luxury cars, night clubs, cocaine and synthetic drugs are easy to run. A world in which Vittorio and Cesare, in their early twenties, act in search of their success. Web loses his brother in an extreme sports accident. When he learns it may have been murder he searches, from America to his ancestral home in China, pursuing answers and vengeance. While investigating noises in his house one balmy Texas night in 1989, Richard Dane puts a bullet in the brain of a low-life burglar. Although he's hailed as a small-town hero, Dane soon finds himself fearing for his family's safety when Freddy's ex-con father rolls into town, hell-bent on revenge. This is the story of a teenager named Gracie Bowen, who lives in South Orange, New Jersey, is crazy about soccer, as are her three brothers and former soccer star father. Although Gracie wants to join her brothers and father in the nightly practices, she is discouraged by everyone except her elder brother, Johnny. Her father does not believe that girls should play soccer and tells her that she is neither tough enough nor talented enough to play with the boys team. Undeterred, Gracie finds reserves of strength she never knew existed, and persists in changing everyone's beliefs in what she is capable of, including her own. She faces an uphill battle when she fights to give women the opportunity to play competitive soccer. But as the beautiful and strong person that she has always been but she also brings her family together in the face of their own tragedy. A frustrated man decides to take justice into his own hands after a plea bargain sets one of his family's killers free. He targets not only the killer but also the district attorney and others involved in the deal. Two brothers live in the economically-depressed Rust Belt, when a cruel twist of fate lands one in prison. His brother is then lured into one of the most violent crime rings in the Northeast. The Dunderheads are an eccentric Montana family who've been in the mountains for far too long. Now one step ahead of the law, matriarch Grandma Ira flees to Canada with her two wildly dysfunctional teenage grand kids, across the American West into a comic collision with the mainstream world. Montana Amazon is a both funny and poignant fable on the nature of the human family. Set in the Depression-era Franklin County, Virginia, a bootlegging gang is threatened by authorities who want a cut of their profits. A reporter becomes the target of a vicious smear campaign that drives him to the point of suicide after he exposes the CIA's role in arming Contra rebels in Nicaragua and importing cocaine into California. Based on the true story of journalist Gary Webb. In high school, Schmidt was a dork and Jenko was the popular jock. After graduation, both of them joined the police force and ended up as partners riding bicycles in the city park. Since they are young and look like high school students, they are assigned to an undercover unit to infiltrate a drug ring that is supplying high school students synthetic drugs. A city in Washington state awakens to the surreal sight of foreign paratroopers dropping from the sky--shockingly, the U.S. has been invaded and their hometown is the initial target. Quickly and without warning, the citizens find themselves prisoners and their town under enemy occupation. Determined to fight back, a group of young patriots seek refuge in the surrounding woods, training and reorganizing themselves into a guerrilla group of fighters. In RoboCop, the year is 2028 and multinational conglomerate OmniCorp is at the center of robot technology.  Overseas, their drones have been used by the military for years, but have been forbidden for law enforcement in America.  Now OmniCorp wants to bring their controversial technology to the home front, and they see a golden opportunity to do it.  When Alex Murphy - a loving husband, father and good cop doing his best to stem the tide of crime and corruption in Detroit - is critically injured, OmniCorp sees their chance to build a part-man, part-robot police officer.  OmniCorp envisions a RoboCop in every city and even more billions for their shareholders, but they never counted on one thing: there is still a man inside the machine. In a broken city rife with injustice, ex-cop Billy Taggart seeks redemption and revenge after being double-crossed and then framed by its most powerful figure, the mayor. Billy's relentless pursuit of justice, matched only by his streetwise toughness, makes him an unstoppable force - and the mayor's worst nightmare. A young man comes to possess a supernatural notebook, the Death Note, that grants him the power to kill any person simply by writing down their name on the pages. He then decides to use the notebook to kill criminals and change the world, but an enigmatic detective attempts to track him down and end his reign of terror. The story is set in 1947, following a long-retired Holmes living in a Sussex village with his housekeeper and rising detective son. But then he finds himself haunted by an unsolved 50-year old case. Holmes' memory isn't what it used to be, so he only remembers fragments of the case: a confrontation with an angry husband, a secret bond with his beautiful but unstable wife. A gritty crime saga which follows the lives of an elite unit of the LA County Sheriff's Dept. and the state's most successful bank robbery crew as the outlaws plan a seemingly impossible heist on the Federal Reserve Bank. When a clumsy deadbeat accidentally kills his landlord, he must do everything in his power to hide the body, only to find that the distractions of lust, the death of his beloved brother, and a crew of misfit characters force him on a journey where a fortune awaits him. Clairvoyant femme fatale, Nicola Six has been living with a dark premonition of her impending death by murder. She begins a tangled love affair with three uniquely different men--one of whom she knows will be her murderer. In the futuristic action thriller Looper, time travel will be invented but it will be illegal and only available on the black market. When the mob wants to get rid of someone, they will send their target 30 years into the past where a looper, a hired gun, like Joe is waiting to mop up. Joe is getting rich and life is good until the day the mob decides to close the loop, sending back Joe's future self for assassination. Ten easy steps show you how to make money from drugs, featuring a series of interviews with drug dealers, prison employees, and lobbyists arguing for tougher drug laws. A young wannabe musician  who discovers he has bitten off more than he can chew when he joins an eccentric pop band led by the mysterious and enigmatic Frank. After a violent bank robbery, the trio of hoods make their way across East L.A. carrying a blood-soaked bag of money. When word gets out, they must fend off gangs and crooked cops alike as they strive to keep the loot and stay alive. A psychic doctor, John Clancy, works with an FBI special agent in search of a serial killer. In a world where human beings and puppets live together, when the members of the cast of a children's television show aired during the 1990s begin to get murdered one by one, puppet Phil Philips, a former LAPD detective who fell in disgrace and turned into a private eye, takes on the case at the request of his old boss in order to assist detective Edwards, who was his partner in the past. After watching their respective partners die, a cop and a hitman form an alliance in order to bring down their common enemy. A revenge-seeking gold digger marries a womanizing Beverly Hills lawyer with the intention of making a killing in the divorce. Two young people, who knew each other in a previous life, meet again. Alejandro recognizes Yolanda, who is from a strange family that has the disadvantage of living a very long time, which is also to blames for the mysterious disappearance of his father. Alejandro embarks on an adventure to delve into the secret of his fathers' death and in the meantime, wonder if he's capable of abandon his life to fulfill his destiny. Teenage assassin sets out on a long voyage to gun down a witness under protection program, who luxuriates in the artificial worlds of Las Vegas. Los Angeles, 1949. Ruthless, Brooklyn-born mob king Mickey Cohen runs the show in this town, reaping the ill-gotten gains from the drugs, the guns, the prostitutes and -- if he has his way -- every wire bet placed west of Chicago. And he does it all with the protection of not only his own paid goons, but also the police and the politicians who are under his control. It's enough to intimidate even the bravest, street-hardened cop... except, perhaps, for the small, secret crew of LAPD outsiders led by Sgt. John O'Mara and Jerry Wooters who come together to try to tear Cohen's world apart. In order to be reinstated to the bar and recover custody of her daughter, a hotshot lawyer, now in recovery and on probation, must take on the appeal of a woman wrongfully convicted of murder. Infamous London gangster cousins, Micky Mannock and Ray Collishaw, are at the top of the food chain, when their world is turned upside down as they lose a shipment of the Russian Mafia's cocaine in rough seas. Set in London, Amsterdam and Berlin, the story races across Europe at breakneck speed as Micky and Ray attempt to stay one step ahead of the Police. Can they pull off a daring diamond heist in time to put things right and retire to a "legitimate" way of life. When you become a detective in Warsaw Indiana - you go to Poker Night, where you play against some of the best cops in the business. They tell you stories about their time on the job - their successes and failures. When new Detective Stan Jeter leaves the game, he is caught by a vicious psychopath and locked in a basement. Using the stories he heard at Poker Night, he must match wits against his captor - and save not only himself, but the young girl trapped in the basement with him. Like Seven and Usual Suspect, Poker Night combines thrills and twists and turns that will leave you guessing till the very end. In a dystopian future, Dredd, the most famous judge (a cop with instant field judiciary powers) is convicted for a crime he did not commit while his murderous counterpart escapes. A U.S Customs official uncovers a massive money laundering scheme involving Pablo Escobar. The true story of Whitey Bulger, the brother of a state senator and the most infamous violent criminal in the history of South Boston, who became an FBI informant to take down a Mafia family invading his turf. Tom and Anna Wright, a young American couple, fall into severe debt while renovating Anna's family home in London. As the couple faces the loss of their dream to have a house and start a family, they discover that the tenant in the apartment below them is dead, and he's left behind a stash of cash--$400,000 worth. Though initially hesitant, Tom and Anna decide that the plan is simple: all they have to do is quietly take the money and use only what's necessary to get them out of debt. But when they start spending the money and can't seem to stop, they find themselves the target of a deadly adversary--the thief who stole it--and that's when very bad things start happening to good people. A young street artist in East Los Angeles is caught between his father's obsession with lowrider car culture, his ex-felon brother and his need for self-expression. About a mother who takes her children and flees an abusive ex-husband with the help of Ray Liotta's character. Ross Westmore battles his sexual addictions to save his relationship with the love of his life, Stephanie, and to rescue his life from the destructive path he has chosen. Ross struggles to overcome his demons in a world of temptation, placing him in some compromising situations and forcing him to lead a secret, double life as his alter-ego "Skyler." He attempts to change his ways through counseling, attending Stephanie's bible-study group and supporting her decision to stay a virgin. His efforts waiver and his addiction threatens to ruin his life and expose "Skyler." Ross swears he is going to turn his life around once and for all. He learns life does not always allow for another chance. In the world's most dangerous prison, a new game is born: Death Race. The rules of this adrenaline-fueled blood sport are simple, drive or die. When repentant convict Carl Lucas discovers there's a price on his head, his only hope is to survive a twisted race against an army of hardened criminals and tricked-out cars. The recently deceased Mona Dearly (Bette Midler) was many things: an abusive wife, a domineering mother, a loud-mouthed neighbor and a violent malcontent. So when her car and corpse are discovered in the Hudson River, police Chief Wyatt Rash (Danny DeVito) immediately suspects murder rather than an accident. But, since the whole community of Verplanck, N.Y., shares a deep hatred for this unceasingly spiteful woman, Rash finds his murder investigation overwhelmed with potential suspects. The true story, based on a Deathbed Confession, about what really happened to Frank Morris and the Anglin brothers who escaped from Alcatraz Prison in 1962. They made it- but what happened next is shocking. Investigated by the US Marshals. Shot in reverse day-by-day through a week--a local sheriff embarks on a quest to unlock the mystery of three small-town criminals and a bank heist gone wrong. After serving 28 years in prison for accidentally killing the son of a crime boss, newly paroled gangster Val reunites with his former partners in crime, Doc and Hirsch, for a night on the town. As the three men revisit old haunts, reflect on their glory days and try to make up for lost time, one wrestles with a terrible quandary: Doc has orders to kill Val, and time is running out for him to figure out a way out of his dilemma. A surrogate mother harbors a deadly secret desire for a family of her own with the husband who is expecting to raise her child. When Keller Dover's daughter and her friend go missing, he takes matters into his own hands as the police pursue multiple leads and the pressure mounts. But just how far will this desperate father go to protect his family? A true immigrant story set against the vibrant backdrop of Flushing, N.Y. in the 1980s and 1990s. For the past two years, high-school security guard Ben has been trying to show decorated APD detective James that he's more than just a video-game junkie who's unworthy of James' sister, Angela. When Ben finally gets accepted into the academy, he thinks he's earned the seasoned policeman's respect and asks for his blessing to marry Angela. Knowing that a ride along will demonstrate if Ben has what it takes to take care of his sister, James invites him on a shift designed to scare the hell out of the trainee. But when the wild night leads them to the most notorious criminal in the city, James will find that his new partner's rapid-fire mouth is just as dangerous as the bullets speeding at it. When John Doe is convicted of being a vigilante serial killer, a vigilante group named 'Speak for the Dead' emerges in support of John's cause--elevating the debate about justice versus vengeance. A documentary chronicling 17 years of Mark David Allen's alcohol abuse. In a dystopian Detroit, grand houses that once housed the wealthy are now homes of the city's most-dangerous criminals. Surrounding the area is a giant wall to keep the rest of Detroit safe. For undercover cop Damien Collier, every day is a battle against corruption as he struggles to bring his father's killer, Tremaine, to justice. Meanwhile, Damien and an ex-con named Lino work together to save the city from a plot to destroy it. Georges Duroy travels through 1890s Paris, from cockroach ridden garrets to opulent salons, using his wits and powers of seduction to rise from poverty to wealth, from a prostitute's embrace to passionate trysts with wealthy beauties, in a world where politics and media jostle for influence, where sex is power and celebrity an obsession. A bigoted junkie cop suffering from bipolar disorder and drug addiction manipulates and hallucinates his way through the festive season in a bid to secure promotion and win back his wife and daughter. Two soldiers from opposite sites get stuck between the front lines in the same trench. The UN is asked to free them and both sides agree on a ceasefire, but will they stick to it? All grown up in post-apocalyptic 2018, John Connor must lead the resistance of humans against the increasingly dominating militaristic robots. But when Marcus Wright appears, his existence confuses the mission as Connor tries to determine whether Wright has come from the future or the past -- and whether he's friend or foe. A mother (in her Minivan) stops at nothing to recover her kidnapped son. A Las Vegas homicide detective investigating his best friend uncovers a professional assassin. An heiress who's been shut inside her apartment building for nearly two decades is forced to confront her fears after one of her neighbors is killed and a detective arrives to begin the investigation. A young teacher inspires her class of at-risk students to learn tolerance, apply themselves, and pursue education beyond high school. An accident in the butchers shop leads Norman Pitkin and Mr Grimsdale to the hospital where, after causing the normal ammount of chaos, Pitkin finds Lindy, a little girl who hasn't spoken or smiled since her parents were killed in an aeroplane accident. Pitkin decides to help. Devoted lifeguard Mitch Buchannon butts heads with a brash new recruit. Together, they uncover a local criminal plot that threatens the future of the Bay. A dentist is desperate for patients. His wife has an idea how he might acquire them. She meets some men in the street and takes them to their flat where, just at the right moment, they are caught by her jealous husband. Naturally they pretend that they have come to have their teeth pulled out. Finally all of them conspire against the dentist in front of the house and throw themselves at the poor man. A child of a middle class home with solid moral values is lured into a world of crime and corruption. Riding across Manhattan in a stretch limo during a riot in order to get a haircut, a 28-year-old billionaire asset manager's life begins to crumble. In the pre-Civil War United States, Solomon Northup, a free black man from upstate New York, is abducted and sold into slavery. Facing cruelty as well as unexpected kindnesses Solomon struggles not only to stay alive, but to retain his dignity. In the twelfth year of his unforgettable odyssey, Solomon's chance meeting with a Canadian abolitionist will forever alter his life. A plot to overthrow the United States government is uncovered in New York City in the summer of 1919 when William Flynn, a field agent for the Bureau of Investigation, is sent to investigate a bomb threat that has targeted some of America's most powerful politicians and leaders of commerce, New York millionaire John D. Rockefeller, Sr. among them. Flynn's investigation takes him on a journey into the underworld of homegrown terrorism and introduces him to a competitive culture of violence and murder. Greed, power, and politics are at the center of the story and Flynn must distinguish the villains from the merely discontented. Along the way, he discovers that terrorism has many faces and that a determination of guilt or innocence often lies in the psychology of fear that constricts individuals at every level of society.  Sedona International Film Festival. A fictionalized account of the last days of Edgar Allan Poe's life, in which the poet is in pursuit of a serial killer whose murders mirror those in the writer's stories. Calvin Jacobs (Landon Beard) discovers the body of a young woman who has been beaten and left for dead. He recognizes her as Robin, a college crush from his undergraduate years. Unknowingly, Calvin has just taken his first steps into a dark and dangerous world. It is not long before Robin (Lillian Bornstein) returns to Calvin with a bold request -- she wants him to kill the man that victimized her. After he reunites with an old pal through Facebook, a mild-mannered accountant is lured into the world of international espionage. 61 Bullets explores a piece of history that is as contentious as the man himself. We watch two families grasp for closure in the wake of a tragedy with ongoing political and personal ramifications. We engage those who know the most (Long experts) and those who care the most (the families of Long and Weiss) in a juxtaposition of competing narratives of the biggest political killing between McKinley and Kennedy. As the Weisses seek to rewrite history and clear their family name, the Longs strive to defend the legacy of their patriarch and preserve his iconic status. The true story of Richard Kuklinski, the notorious contract killer and family man. As investigative reporter Ward Jansen and his partner Yardley Acheman chase a sensational, career-making story with the help of Ward's younger brother Jack and sultry death-row groupie Charlotte Bless, the pair tries to prove violent swamp-dweller Hillary Van Wetter was framed for the murder of a corrupt local sheriff. An overview of the life and career of Canadian folk musician Bruce Cockburn. When a systems engineer blows the whistle on a dangerous technology, Charlie's Angels from across the globe are called into action, putting their lives on the line to protect society. Maya becomes the target of the Russian mafia after her husband, a successful American businessman, is killed. SAVING AMERICA'S HORSES A Nation Betrayed is a compelling compilation of expert testimony, undercover footage and true life stories shot against the dramatic backdrops of the American countryside. Northern Ireland's first feature-length crime anthology, Noirland, has a Pulp Fiction-style structure. Three stories are woven together as the murder of a female student is investigated. A naive college student loses a scholarship at the hands of a classmate and makes a pact with a mysterious friend to kill off each other's enemies. A lonely South Asian American college student, who desperately attempts to escape his fate, unwittingly descends into a world of crime and violence. The stories of various Angelenos are told through six chapters set in and around Los Angeles, California. When his brother-in-law runs afoul of a drug lord, family man Chris Farraday turns to a skill he abandoned long ago--smuggling--to repay the debt. But the job goes wrong, and Farraday finds himself wanted by cops, crooks and killers alike. No overview found. In the aftermath of his girlfriend's mysterious death, a young man awakens to strange horns sprouting from his temples. The award-winning documentary film Justice for My Sister takes an intimate look at violence against women in Guatemala by chronicling the three-year journey of Rebeca as she tries to hold her sister's killer accountable. The film serves as the centerpiece of a transnational campaign to promote healthy relationships and denounce gender-based violence and femicide/feminicide. A cop finds himself in a race against time to find a kidnap victim whose abductor he accidentally killed. Aaron Eckhart stars as Frank Penny, a disgraced cop looking for a shot at redemption. When the police chief's 11-year-old daughter is abducted, Frank goes rogue to try and save her. But to find the girl, Frank will need the help of Ava Brooks, whose live-streaming news channel is broadcasting Frank's every move. While a city watches, Frank and Ava race against time in this explosive action-thriller. Elderly Italian who immigrated to Canada after killing a famous soccer player in a car accident must pay off his gambling debts by agreeing to become a human prey in a deadly manhunt organized by his debtees. Young lovers Billy and Sarah journey from L.A. to Texas with plans to make a false claim to the valuable assets left behind by a dead friend. But when their voyage brings them to Tremo, Texas, they find a bizarre and sinister world awaiting them. In a world where families are limited to one child due to overpopulation, a set of identical septuplets must avoid being put to a long sleep by the government and dangerous infighting while investigating the disappearance of one of their own. The tragic death of a beautiful young girl starts a tense and atmospheric game of cat and mouse between hunter John Moon and the hardened backwater criminals out for his blood. After a publisher changes a writer's debut novel about a deadly assassin from fiction to nonfiction, the author finds himself thrust into the world of his lead character, and must take on the role of his character for his own survival. A young woman refuses to bow down to the local criminal kingpin who wants to take control of her late mother's flower shop in order to run drugs. However, when he crosses the line, she and her siblings seek revenge. A procedural drama in which the FBI and NSA are investigating the deaths of officials who turn out to be part of a cabal to incite and profit from a war between U.S.A. and Iran. SMOKED is a controversial dark comedy about the misadventures of three gutter punk stoners whose housewarming party ends in flames. In their desperation, they create a half baked plan to rob an Oakland Cannabis Club.  The stoners rob the club without knowing that the clubs owner is notorious crack kingpin Tyrone Shank. In retribution, Shank unleashes the contract killers known only as: The Four Horsemen.  The hunt sends a wave of violence across the city as backyard brawls give way to frenzied shootouts while they try to escape through the criminal underworld. Ninjas, clowns, and freestyle rappers all get caught in the increasingly bizarre crossfire.  Acclaimed underground Bay Area performers bring savage action and sharp dialogue together with an all original soundtrack!  Cash. Crops. Corpses. They all burn the same... A petty robbery spirals into a tense hostage situation after three gunmen hold up a diner that's a front for the mob. Brilliant and wealthy Dr. Andrew Casey is a serial killer who goes by the name 'The Chef'. One night eleven years ago his wife found out. He was arrested and imprisoned at Marathon County Asylum for the criminally insane. Eleven years pass and he is released, completely rehabilitated and moves to Los Angeles under the alias Mr. Jack Conway. Yuppie and former teacher, Johnathon Poe, a descendant of the famed writer Edgar Allan Poe and a brilliant writer in his own right is about to form a bond with the chef as the great doctor begins his spree of killings and cannibalism again. The story of five girls and one epic night. The girls will find love, lust, girl-fights, rock and roll, and a whole lot of stoned sorority girls. A weird German doctor uses hypnotism, seduction, and criminality to get the better of a trio of spoiled wealthy siblings, in a tribute to old Hollywood Technicolor melodramas. Oscar and Arthur are two actors without fortune who survive unemployment with a routine street, where one represents the thief and the other to the police. Thanks to this performance are "hired" by Mr. Mauricio Tavares to play a practical joke on dangerous Don Antonio Robledo, a senior executive who suffer a fictional kidnapping for later culminate in a surprise party. An insane therapist entangles a suburban novelist in a web of hypnosis, drugs, kidnapping, depravity and murder. A chronicle of the 1969 bombing at a major national bank in Milan and its aftermath. A mentally unhinged factory worker must decide whether to listen to his talking cat and become a killer, or follow his dog's advice to keep striving for normalcy. A career criminal (Gibson) nabbed by Mexican authorities is placed in a tough prison where he learns to survive with the help of a 9-year-old boy. An ex-cop turned con threatens to jump to his death from a Manhattan hotel rooftop. The NYPD dispatch a female police psychologist to talk him down. However, unbeknownst to the police on the scene, the suicide attempt is a cover for the biggest diamond heist ever pulled. An epic tale about a supremely intelligent young African-American male who rises from the ferocious and oppressive streets of North Philadelphia to being a shining star in the lucrative world of high finance at Wall Street's most prestigious firm. However, he soon finds that the white-collar world is filled with crime and death just like the drug-filled hood he left behind. His only chance of survival is to fully integrate a mysterious gift from a slain childhood friend fully into the fabric of his character. Crimes and misadventures of a girl named Oden. Loosely based on actual story of Takahashi Oden. JW is serving hard time in prison and struggling to get back on an honest path. There are glimmers of hope in his life - some venture capitalists are interested in a new piece of trading software he's developed, and while behind bars he's made peace with an old enemy. This all proves to be an illusion. On leave from prison, and back in contact with his former gang, JW learns that once you've walked in the shoes of a criminal there just may be no going back. Before forensics, DNA, and CSI we had dollhouses - an unimaginable collection of miniature crime scenes, known as the Nutshell Studies of Unexplained Death. Created in the 1930s and 1940s by a crime-fighting grandmother, Frances Glessner Lee created the Nutshells to help homicide detectives hone their investigative skills. These surreal dollhouses reveal a dystopic and disturbing slice of domestic life with doll corpses representing actual murder victims, or perhaps something that just looks like murder. Despite all the advances in forensics, the Nutshells are still used today to train detectives. Documentary film, Of Dolls and Murder, explores the dioramas, the woman who created them, and their relationship to modern day forensics. From the iconic CSI television show to the Body Farm and criminally minded college students, legendary filmmaker and true crime aficionado, John Waters narrates the tiny world of big time murder.  Fed up with mistreatment at the hands of both management and union brass, and coupled with financial hardships on each man's end, three auto assembly line workers hatch a plan to rob a safe at union headquarters. After being released from prison, Bobby goes back to the mob connected streets. When forced to make a life altering decision the truth is revealed that he was too blind to see. An unemployed lingerie buyer convinces her bail bondsman cousin to give her a shot as a bounty hunter. Her first assignment is to track down a former cop on the run for murder - the same man who broke her heart years before. With the help of some friends and the best bounty hunter in the business, she slowly learns what it takes to be a true bounty hunter. While working undercover as a bodyguard to arms dealer Harry, former-soldier-turned-secret-service-agent Ewan survives a bloody shootout with a member of an Islamic terrorist cell who steals Harry's briefcase full of Semtex explosives and escapes. Ewan's spymasters task Ewan with hunting down the cell members and retrieving the briefcase. Bob Saginowski finds himself at the center of a robbery gone awry and entwined in an investigation that digs deep into the neighborhood's past where friends, families, and foes all work together to make a living - no matter the cost. Julian, who runs a Thai boxing club as a front organization for his family's drug smuggling operation, is forced by his mother Crystal to find and kill the individual responsible for his brother's recent death. Fish has spent six years in jail. Six years alone. Six years keeping his mouth shut about the robbery, about the other men involved. The night he is released, the four men he protected with silence celebrate his freedom with a congratulatory dinner. The meal is a lavish array of sushi, served off the naked body of a beautiful young woman. The sushi girl seems catatonic, trained to ignore everything in the room, even if things become dangerous. Sure enough, the four unwieldy thieves can't help but open old wounds in an attempt to find their missing loot. Pot growers Ben and Chon face off against the Mexican drug cartel who kidnapped their shared girlfriend. Miles Montego has it all - cars, boats, good looks, mansion, money, women, but more importantly, he has a past. Paan Singh Tomar (Hindi: paan siNh tomr) is an Indian biographical film, based on the true story of an athlete Paan Singh Tomar employed by the Indian Army and who won a gold medal at Indian National Games, but was forced to become a notorious bandit . The body of a young woman whose heart has been ripped out of her chest is found in a remote are in Finland. The finder of the body, a dismissed pastor, hires private investigator Jussi Vares to investigate the crime. Vares uncovers a criminal ring involved in extortion, religious scams, exploitation of minors and stock market speculation. A meeting with a struggling actress (Niharika Singh) gives a mild-mannered filmmaker (Nawazuddin Siddiqui) the idea to break away from his controlling brother (Anil George) and direct a feature of his own. Man drugs, photographs &amp; tortures women he meets by personal ads. One night, a beautiful young woman is brought to the police headquarters on suspicion of murder. Through a detective's interrogation, in the presence of an attorney, her attachment to sexual activities arranged online is discovered. After his family is killed by a Serbian gangster with international interests. NYC detective Nick goes to S.E. Asia and teams up with a Thai detective to get revenge and destroy the syndicates human trafficking network. Holly &amp; Nathan Teller live in a small town in Pennsylvania. Holly is on the cheerleading team and has a close relationship with her younger brother Nathan, who is subjected to bullying at school.  Nathan is taken for a car ride one day by the bullies, whose intent about what they are going to do with Nathan is not clear. He gives them the slip, but disappears and is still missing after three years. A clown doll possessed by a demon goes on a bloody rampage of murder after being found and taken into a home.  Master thief Will Montgomery is just released from the State penitentiary after serving a 10 year sentence, is contacted by Vincent, his ex comrade in crime, who is holding Will's teenage daughter ransom in a hijacked taxi cab. Vincent will only surrender her when Will reveals the whereabouts of the 20 million dollars he contrived to conceal from their last robbery. After a former elite agent rescues a 12-year-old Chinese girl who's been abducted, they find themselves in the middle of a standoff between Triads, the Russian Mafia and high-level corrupt New York City politicians and police. This is a sort of documentary made by Vilgot Sjoman about Vilgot Sjoman as a sort of cinematic autobiography aired on Swedish television originally in 1992. When her child goes missing, a mother looks to unravel the legend of the Tall Man, an entity who allegedly abducts children. 25 year-old Dwayne McLaren, a former athlete turned auto mechanic, dreams of getting out of tiny Cut Bank, Montana the coldest town in America. But his effort to do so sets in moton a deadly series of events that change his life and the life of the town forever... Natalie Babbitt's award winning book for children comes to the screen in a lavish adaptation from Walt Disney Pictures. Winnie Foster (Alexis Bledel) is a girl in her early teens growing up in the small rural town of Winesap in 1914. Winnie's parents (Victor Garber and Amy Irving) are loving but overprotective, and Winnie longs for a life of greater freedom and adventure. A twisted suspense thriller about a manipulative teenage girl who convinces her widower/alcoholic/over protective father that the boy she asked out on a date beat and raped her, when in fact he turned down her advances. But no amount of facts can persuade this enraged father. No one hurts Daddy's Girl. Two common criminals get more than they bargained for after kidnapping the wife of a corrupt real-estate developer who shows no interest in paying the $1 million dollar ransom for her safe return. A thriller that follows two siblings who decide to fend for themselves in the wake of a botched casino heist, and their unlikely reunion during another family's Thanksgiving celebration. A young Austrian girl is kidnapped and held in captivity for eight years. Based on the real-life case of Natascha Kampusch. An FBI agent and an Interpol detective track a team of illusionists who pull off bank heists during their performances and reward their audiences with the money. Based on the true story of teenager James Burns who goes from a suburban street gang to a maximum-security prison cell surrounded by hardened criminals. He turns his life around in prison thanks to the unexpected friendship he forms with a convicted murderer who becomes his mentor. Based on a true story, and set in late 1990 against the backdrop of the first gulf war, An American in Texas is the story of lifelong friends as they reach the cusp of adulthood and must decide between the hollow values of corporate careerism; or the narrow way of individualism and freedom. Pedro, a humble beekeeper who lives in the mysterious Argentinian region of the Delta del Tigre, travels to Buenos Aires to visit his twin brother Agustin, a successful but troubled pediatrician with marital issues, to give him bad news and ask him for a favor hard to fulfill, a unexpected arrival which will change Agustin's life forever. The story throws Elvis impersonators, Indians, modern cowboys, a 6-foot-tall blond assassin, a frat boy, a corrupt sheriff and a prostitute into a chase for a priceless American Indian artifact stolen during a poker game at an Indian casino The child-duo Rico and Oskar, one of them is quite more sluggish, but precisely because of fantasy and own world view; the other one is a smart whiz, but scared for life. A disgraced ex-cop's arrival in a small town triggers a cathartic journey of forgiveness and revenge for himself and the family of the activist he killed. When notorious criminal Jacob Sternwood is forced to return to London, it gives detective Max Lewinsky one last chance to take down the man he's always been after. Prequel to "5th of a Degree." A college student gets involved in the wild partying lifestyle of a professional freestyle moto-x rider. Johnny Rizzo, is about to trade his dream job in talk radio for some snooze-ville gig that'll pay enough to please his fiance. Enter Uncle Terry, a rascally womanizer set on turning a weekend in the Hamptons into an eye-opening fling for his nephew. Nice guy Johnny's not interested, of course, but then he meets the lovely Brooke, who challenges Johnny to make the toughest decision of is life. Spider, a young gang leader, gets in over his head when he robs a notorious gangster. On the run, he's taken in by a sheltered young woman and her reclusive uncle, a legendary mobster gunned down by the same gangster now pursuing Spider. The story of a gang of children growing up in a community of banished criminals, in a forgotten corner of the former Soviet Union. This community rejects the world outside. The only law it obeys... is its own. Against this backdrop two best friends, Kolyma and Gagarin, gradually become fierce enemies as they find themselves on opposite sides of the strict code of honour of the 'honest criminal' brotherhood. Meet Leonard, a man who will help you die with a smile on your face. A young attorney meets his client for the first time, a serial killer known as the "Smiley Face Killer", whose victims all died with a smile on their faces. Directed and created by Shane Ryan, the movie was shot shortly after the events which inspired it (15 year old Alyssa Bustamante was convicted of killing her 9 year old neighbor, Elizabeth Olten). Compared to the likes of David Lynch, Larry Clark, Harmony Korine and John Cassavetes, the film dares the audience to watch it, confronting issues with kids and teenagers often sugar-coated by Hollywood. The movie tackles hard-hitting subjects like self mutilation by teen girls, bullying, rape, bulimia (showcasing the actual damage it does to a girl's body) and, of course, the murder. Mickey, who happens to be a werewolf and a crime boss, gets all worked up and hairy during a private dance at a strip club. Justice, the dancer, grabs the nearest weapon and lands a fatal blow: her silver fountain pen right through Mickey's wolfed-out eye. This ignites a small-scale war between Mickey's group of werewolf mobsters and the sultry strippers of Vixens. The story revolves around a set of Indians, fighting to get what is their own, while another set of Indians working for the Scotland Yard Police chase them hard to stop them from spreading terror. The film in entirety has been been shot in London, Birmingham and Scotland. Ajay Devgn plays the role of a businessman who is married to actress Kangana Ranaut. Anil Kapoor plays the cop. The stylist Navin Shetty said to Mid Day, "Director Priyadarshan gave me a brief on Ajay's character in Tezz saying he didn't want anything fancy but more realistic - someone who will blend with the crowd. Ajay plays a father of a child and the film is set against a grey London winter so we have give Ajay's character an earthy look. He has a moustache and faint stubble. The colours are grey, brown, rust and khaki. We have played with the cut and the colours while the fabrics used have been wool and leather with lots of scarves and headgears. The effect is simple, realistic, smart and classy." One clear summer day in a Baltimore suburb, a baby goes missing from her front porch. Two young girls serve seven years for the crime and are released into a town that hasn't fully forgiven or forgotten. Soon, another child is missing, and two detectives are called in to investigate the mystery in a community where everyone seems to have a secret. A Lower East Side bartender becomes entangled in a murder mystery involving a desperate woman, a missing drug dealer and the scion of a powerful investment firm. Ex-con Johnny is forced into pulling a heist he wants nothing to do with. Mob boss 'Shrewd' Eddie has one million is dirty cash stashed at his home, just waiting to be stolen. But what Johnny doesn't know is that seven other very dangerous criminals also have plans to steal the money... Evan 'Bullet' James and his father are very close. After a disastrous new show pitch to a television network, the father tragically dies, leaving 'Bullet' alone in the world. 'Bullet' wants justice and seeks the help from the gang of his youth to exact revenge on the business world of Hollywood that he believes killed his father. After Washington DC detective Alex Cross is told that a family member has been murdered, he vows to track down the killer. He soon discovers that she was not his first victim and that things are not what they seem. A gang of criminals and corrupt cops plan the murder of a police officer in order to pull off their biggest heist yet across town. Given the country's overcrowded prisons, the U.S. government begins to allow 12-hour periods of time in which all illegal activity is legal. During one of these free-for-alls, a family must protect themselves from a home invasion. Detective Nick Blades is a New Orleans cop on trial for corruption. Assistant District Attorney Theo Gold is the man in charge of putting him behind bars. When these two unlikely partners from opposite sides of the law stumble onto a criminal plot, they'll need to rely on luck - and patience - to take down a dangerous killer without killing each other first. A socially-challenged hitman's French retirement is ruined by the dodgy Brits on the Cote d'Azur. In Marseilles, France in 1794, Desiree Clary, a young millinery clerk, becomes infatuated with Napoleon Bonaparte, but winds up wedding Genaral Jean-Baptiste Berandotte, an aid to Napoleon who later joins the forces that bring about the Emperor's downfall. Josephine Beauharnais, a worldly courtesan marries Napoleon and becomes Empress of France, but is then cast aside by her spouse when she proves unable to produce an heir to the throne. A veteran pot dealer creates a fake family as part of his plan to move a huge shipment of weed into the U.S. from Mexico. As the police launch a full-scale crackdown on organized crime, it ignites a national yakuza struggle between the Sanno of the East and Hanabishi of the West. What started as an internal strife in Outrage has now become a nationwide war in Outrage Beyond. Control is the biography of Joy Division lead singer Ian Curtis, taking his story from schoolboy days of 1973 to his suicide on the eve of the band's first American tour in 1980. Ray, a man without family addicted to the game, dedicated to steal cars and for love will end up in jail. When two best friends go missing during Spring Break, their mothers do everything they can to find them, while realizing that their different parenting styles may have led to the disappearances. Spanning over two decades, "For the Love of Money" follows the true account of an Israeli immigrant who searches for his piece of the American dream. After faking his own death, a former CIA contractor develops a relationship with a foreign prostitute while awaiting the delivery of his new identity. The true story of Chong Kim--abducted into the sex trade as a young teen--and the complicated moral choices she had to make in order to survive as her situation grew more desperate. In St. Jude, drug dealers and corrupt cops have destroyed an urban neighborhood. But newcomer, Hong, has the fighting skills and moral vision to save this town from itself. Writer and Adderall enthusiast Stephen Elliott reaches a low point when his estranged father resurfaces, claiming that Stephen has fabricated much of the dark childhood that that fuels his writing. Adrift in the precarious gray area of memory, Stephen is led by three sources of inspiration: a new romance, the best friend who shares his history, and a murder trial that reminds him more than a little of his own story. Based on the memoir of the same name. Part of BFI collection "Worth the Risk?" The stories of a missing wife, a couple of meth heads and an Elvis impersonator are connected by the items found in a small town's pawn shop. A tight-knit team of FBI investigators, along with their District Attorney supervisor, is suddenly torn apart when they discover that one of their own teenage daughters has been brutally murdered. On a Black Tar Road between nowhere and somewhere, two misunderstood women find love in between the cracks of hardships. John "Breacher" Wharton leads an elite DEA task force that takes on the world's deadliest drug cartels. When the team successfully executes a high-stakes raid on a cartel safe house, they think their work is done - until, one-by-one, the team members mysteriously start to be eliminated. As the body count rises, everyone is a suspect. In Arizona in the late 1800s, infamous outlaw Ben Wade and his vicious gang of thieves and murderers have plagued the Southern Railroad. When Wade is captured, Civil War veteran Dan Evans, struggling to survive on his drought-plagued ranch, volunteers to deliver him alive to the "3:10 to Yuma", a train that will take the killer to trial. Four friends pay the ultimate price,when they seek revenge against a low-level Gangster (IMDB.com). The sequel to the 1987 cult hit The Lost Boys takes us to the shady surf city of Luna Bay, California, where vampires quickly dispatch anyone who crosses their path. Into this dark world arrive Chris Emerson (Hilgenbrink) and his younger sister, Nicole (Reeser). Having just lost their parents in a car accident, the siblings move in with their eccentric Aunt Jillian and become new prey... Michel, reporter, finally joins his old isolated cottage in the middle of a park, having spent two years away from home. Our protagonist hopes to regain some serenity, but he does not arrive at the best moment: he did not expect the suicide attempt of Catherine, the wife of his brother Arthur Two brothers, on either side of the law, face off over organized crime in Brooklyn during the 1970s. A London detective tracking a serial killer finds the killers "truth or die" methods take him to New York to solve the case. Michael Delucca, a Vietnam veteran broken by his struggle with post-traumatic stress, recollects his violent postwar life in a raw and touching memoir for the son he never knew. Judi Bari and Darryl Cherney were falsely arrested for car-bombing themselves on May 24, 1990 while on an Earth First! musical organizing tour for Redwood Summer. They sued the FBI for violations of the First Amendment, claiming the FBI knew they were innocent but arrested them to try to silence them. Having survived the bomb but now stricken by cancer, Judi Bari, a leader of the movement to save California's old growth redwoods, gives her on-camera, deathbed testimony about the attempt on her life and her colorful organizing history with the radical environmental movement Earth First. Crime - 3 of a Kind is a sexy, edgy, psychological thriller that will make your heart pound. -  Tom Adams, Jaime Aymerich, Jake Scott Bailey A new age of terrorism is taking place in the United States. FBI Director, Frank Fitzgerald, is helping an Iranian terrorist group frame innocent American citizens rendering them guilty for terrorist acts they did not commit. The seventh victim, Tom Cali, is on the run trying to prove his innocence. A psychological romantic drama about teenage twins Owen and Kristen who fall under the sway of a charismatic young loan shark who offers love to one of them but on one condition. Set in Inner Mongolia, a physical setback causes a young woman to choose a suitor who can take care of her, as well as her disabled husband. Detective Harry Hole investigates the disappearance of a woman whose pink scarf is found wrapped around an ominous looking snowman. Three young women were sentenced to death in the infamous Manson murder case, but when the death penalty was lifted, their sentence became life imprisonment. One young graduate student was sent in to teach them - and through her we witness their transformations as they face the reality of their horrific crimes. Ensemble film revolving around characters living in Forest Gate, London. Over the course of a few days, six inter-linking stories explore issues of drug use, prostitution and urban poverty. Spies force two British con men (Michael Caine, Roger Moore) to pose as look-alike scientists peddling cheap-energy fusion. Jackie Cogan is an enforcer hired to restore order after three dumb guys rob a Mob protected card game, causing the local criminal economy to collapse. A cowboy seeks to rescue, then woo, a damsel in distress. But he is constantly thwarted by the scratches, breaks, and other imperfections present in the film print itself. A young girl suffering from amnesia after surviving a house fire that takes her childhood friend's life, begins a tormented road to recovery. After his life falls apart, FREDDIE decides he must turn to crime to survive. With no criminal knowledge he decides to hire Bainbridge, a professional crime coach. Set in the 1950s, a a group of young girls in upstate New York form their own gang. Growing up can be a bumpy road, and it's no exception for Riley, who is uprooted from her Midwest life when her father starts a new job in San Francisco. Riley's guiding emotions-- Joy, Fear, Anger, Disgust and Sadness--live in Headquarters, the control centre inside Riley's mind, where they help advise her through everyday life and tries to keep things positive, but the emotions conflict on how best to navigate a new city, house and school. Criminal psychologist Kate Fuller is assigned to the murder of a man who has seemingly been strangled in his sleep by his wife and the only witness is their eight-year-old daughter, Sophie. As Kate digs into the mystery of an ancient demon which kills people in their sleep, she experiences the same petrifying symptoms as all previous victims and spirals through a chilling nightmare to save herself and Sophie before she dares fall asleep again. An experimental documentary film that uses archival footage, interviews, and fictionalized scenarios to tell the story of the people around Jeffrey Dahmer during the summer of his arrest in 1991. Jan, a guy in his twenties, and his friend Cracker are involved in several crimes in their neglected suburb of the city. After meeting the "golden youth" beauty Sabina, he looks for a fresh start in downtown circles, but only finds contempt. His hopes for love, compassion and opportunity are dashed by the even more ruthless rules of the bourgeois, and he comes to realize that the only one he can count on is himself. Young single mother Diana struggles to provide for her child and pay for her college education. She ends up working at a shoe store, but meets two strippers from a nearby gentlemen's club who convince her there's fast money to be made stripping. At the Players Club, however, Diana faces danger and heartbreak. Two estranged sisters are forced to rob a bank in order to save their brother. But this is no ordinary bank. Babu works for three underworld dons and must go to prison to protect them. When his sentence is over, he returns home to find that Purnima (his wife), Arjun (his son) and Pooja (his daughter) live a destitute life. When he confronts his bosses, he is beheaded in front of his wife and children, and his daughter is abducted.  Purnima (Raakhee) loses her mind, and is hospitalized in a mental hospital. Growing up, Arjun (Akshay Kumar) becomes a high profile vigilante. As for Purnima, she becomes terribly ill and can be saved only if she sees her daughter again. Thus, Arjun decides to re-unite his mother and sister. In order to do so, he must discover the identity of his father's killers. In Los Angeles at the turn of the 1970s, drug-fueled detective Larry "Doc" Sportello investigates the disappearance of an ex-girlfriend. Stu Undercoffler (Eric Roberts) is a corrupt CEO whose drive for power has led him to make some highly unethical choices. Once Stu's self-serving decisions have begun to spread darkness through the world, there's no stopping it. After losing his wife, Stu begins to have a crisis of conscience but starts to believe he is being stalked and has been hallucinating. Is he losing his mind or have his former victims come back to wreck havoc on him? Banklady tells the true story of Gisela Werler, a law-abiding factory worker from Hamburg, who falls in love with a thief and becomes a media darling as Germany's first and most notorious female bank robber. Cunning, sexy, and exciting, Gisela and her beloved Hermann pull off one daring heist after another. Banklady follows this outlaw who captured Germany's imagination, boldly defying gender expectations and living a decades-long Bonnie and Clyde romance. Fueled by cheap whiskey, greed and hatred, Willie Soke teams up with his angry little sidekick, Marcus, to knock off a Chicago charity on Christmas Eve. Along for the ride is chubby and cheery Thurman Merman, a 250-pound ray of sunshine who brings out Willie's sliver of humanity. Issues arise when the pair are joined by Willie's horror story of a mother, who raises the bar for the gang's ambitions, while somehow lowering the standards of criminal behavior. Two school kids strike up a friendship with an orphaned puppy named Benji. When danger befalls them and they end up kidnapped by robbers who are in over their heads, Benji and his scruffy sidekick come to the rescue. A conman and his seductive partner are forced to work for a wild FBI agent, who pushes them into a world of Jersey power-brokers and the Mafia. Kenny Wells, a modern-day prospector, hustler, and dreamer, is desperate for a lucky break. Left with few options, Wells teams up with an equally luckless geologist to execute a grandiose, last-ditch effort: to find gold deep in the uncharted jungle of Indonesia. Tony is a notorious gangster with a big problem. He has woken up in an abandoned farmhouse, with blood on his shirt, and no memory of how he got there. He stumbles into a small town and discovers he's in an Italian village that seems to be lost in time. After a young woman suffers a brutal rape in a bar one night, a prosecutor assists in bringing the perpetrators to justice, including the ones who encouraged and cheered on the attack. John Gotti rises to the top of the New York underworld to become the boss of the Gambino crime family. His life takes a tumultuous turn as he faces tragedy, multiple trials and a prison sentence. Follows disillusioned young family man John as a mysterious stranger, Richie takes him on a murder-fueled ride that transforms the weak-willed John into a desperate hero willing to go to any length to protect his family. A group of elite female bank robbers are thrown into a Mexican stand off when they discover that someone on their team might be a snitch for the cops... The son of a slain NYPD officer joins the force, where he falls in with his father's former partner and a team of rogue cops. His new boss, Sarcone, will see if he has what it takes to be rogue through many trials and tribulations of loyalty, trust and respect. When the truth about his father's death is revealed revenge takes him over and he won't stop until justice has been truly served. Pablo is being pursued by what seems like a mob of fans. However, the truth soon emerges that his assailants are actually the cast of characters from his books who are angry that he won't continue to write their lives.  When Laura, a former student, turns up on Pablo's doorstep soon after with plans for romance, the two fall into a passionate love affair. But when she starts showing signs of paranoia, Pablo questions whether she may in fact be one of his literary creations. When out-on-bail mob boss Bellavance discovers that $500,000 of his money is missing, he sends four hardcore hit men to send a "loud and messy" message to the suspected thieves' families. But when the killers invade the Rutledge home, they'll meet the household's emotionally disturbed young son Owen. Owen has a history of violent behavior, knows how to make lethal booby-traps and is about to teach these thugs some deadly lessons in extreme vengeance. A man steals the Mona Lisa from the Louvre in 1911. His 84-year-old daughter thought he did it for patriotic reasons. A filmmaker spends more than 30 years trying to find the truth. A motorcycle stunt rider considers committing a crime in order to provide for his wife and child, an act that puts him on a collision course with a cop-turned-politician. A female police officer has to keep a prisoner from escaping a nearly abandoned hospital unit at the same time his violent partners come looking for him. Justice needs to be served at Britain's most notorious young offenders institute. An account of serial killer Richard Ramirez and his rampage in California during the mid-1980s. Retired C.I.A. agent Frank Moses reunites his unlikely team of elite operatives for a global quest to track down a missing portable nuclear device. The Continuing Story of Major Mujtaba Rizvi (Shaan) after the events of Waar (2013). Every child comes into the world full of promise, and none more so than Chappie: he is gifted, special, a prodigy. Like any child, Chappie will come under the influence of his surroundings--some good, some bad--and he will rely on his heart and soul to find his way in the world and become his own man. But there's one thing that makes Chappie different from any one else: he is a robot. Mitchell Goosen is sixteen/seventeen year old kid from California who loves to surf and roller blade. Yet, his parents, who are two zoologists were given a grant to work in Australia. The only problem was: Mitchell couldn't go with them. So, he gets sent to stay with his aunt, uncle, and cousin in Cincinnati, Ohio. When he arrives, he meets his cousin who is also his new roommate for the next six months: Wiley. Mitchell then goes to school and gets on the bad side the high school hockey players. Mitchell and Wiley end up enduring weeks of torture from the guys. Then, the big guys and Mitchell and Wiley have to learn to get along to try to beat the Central High School rivals in a competition down Devil's Backbone Detectives use clues from various recording devices to piece together events surrounding a massacre involving bus passengers at an abandoned gas station. A young boy named Roscoe finds a portal to another world where he is taught magic by an elder demon known as Dimwos. Dimwos raises the boy into manhood, revealing to him many secrets. There's a dark side behind the bright lights of Las Vegas, where desperate lives and busted dreams struggle in the shadows to survive. And when a sleazy casino owner swipes $20 million from his employees' health insurance and pension funds, ex-pro-baseball-player-turned-casino-electrician Nick and his co-workers put together a daring plan to steal the money back. But in a lowdown town of underground cage fights, smoky strip clubs and deadly double-crosses, can the perfect heist ever go as planned? Written by Francisco Menendez When three redneck brothers agree to help a woman save her son from an abusive father, they become targets on the run from an odd cast of characters. Good policing doesn't necessarily mean doing everything by the book. But as the business of crime in London turns to favour the Albanians and Turks, how does a "good" policeman survive? Two friends try executing their 'get-rich-quick' plan by kidnapping their boss's daughter, but when the plan falls apart, they must scramble to fix the situation and repair their friendship. A businessman gets caught up in an assassination plot when he travels to Cuba. Part memoir, part city symphony, part noir-ish B-movie adventure, the new feature from critically acclaimed film-making duo Joao Pedro Rodrigues and Joao Rui Guerra da Mata (To Die Like a Man) is a sensual, shape-shifting ode to one of the world's most mythic, alluring and exoticized cities. While serving a 33-year sentence, a spiritual awakening led drug lord Esteban Mendoza Cruz to form a church in Mexico's most corrupt prison. With a congregation of more than 600, Cruz sows hope both among inmates and in the community at large. Looking for a brighter future in metropolitan Manila, Oscar Ramirez and his family leave their miserable life in the rice terraces of Banaue, in the northern Philippines. In the sweltering capital, where all kind of perils lurk in every corner, Oscar catches a lucky break when he is offered a steady work for an armored truck company and the senior officer Ong takes him under his wing. Cult classic starring Ralph Macchio as a want-to-be blues guitar virtuoso who seeks a long-lost song by legendary musician Robert Johnson. Takeoff on the Godfather with the son of a mafia king taking over for his dying father. A woman tries to straighten out her life, even as her past as a con-woman comes back to haunt her. Dudu NSD, dancing with the SONIC group!!! Federal officer with the Department of Homeland Security discovers a national security breach related to the entry of 23 aliens from terrorist countries into the United States. Customs and Border Protection Commissioner, former head of the DEA Robert Bonner can't afford any more media scrutiny, since his incompetence was already exposed in the NASA 'Challenger' disaster. To avoid the scandal, the full might of the government is unleashed against Julia Davis, her family and witnesses. This retaliation reaches an unprecedented magnitude, including four unexplained deaths, Hollywood and the Mafia, false imprisonments and the use of Blackhawk helicopters and airplanes for warrantless surveillance. Amidst many shocking revelations, this documentary provides a new insight into the deaths of well-known Hollywood figures unwittingly dragged into this scandal.  The truth is no longer a secret. In this special, White riffs on such wide-ranging topics such as the unintended consequences of excessive drinking, his unique approach to funding the war and the joys of a bidet. White proves that he still hasn't solved his "behavioral problems." When a bloodied and incoherent Jun (Wang Baoqiang) confesses to five murders that have not occurred, the police assume that he's mentally unstable and ignore his claims. Police detective Han (Lau Ching-wan) is investigating a series of gruesome murders, but soon discovers that all is not as it seems and that not only are the murders connected, but that Jun is tied to them in some way. Two young officers are marked for death after confiscating a small cache of money and firearms from the members of a notorious cartel during a routine traffic stop. Elliot Gould plays Alfred Chamberlain -- a one time successful photographer who is now down on his luck because he began to eliminate people from his photographs. He also suffers from an inability to feel or to be passionate about anything. But then Alfred meets Patsy Newqvist, who takes it upon herself to mold Alfred into "a strong, vital, self-assured man, that I can protect and take care of." A gorgeous lethal killer, brainwashed by the villain, makes a startling discovery in a mission to eliminate a person she can in no way imagine. In the mid to late 90's, the Reykjavik crime and drug scene saw a drastic change from a relatively small and innocent world into a much more aggressive and violent one.. The film tells the story of this change through the fictional gang of pushers that took control of Iceland's underworld. In 1988, Philadelphia police officer Thomas "Locke" Lockhart, hungry to become a detective, begins tracking a serial killer whose crimes defy scientific explanation. When the killer mysteriously resurfaces nine years later, Locke's obsession with finding the truth threatens to destroy his career, his family, and possibly his sanity. A college student returning home for Halloween is forced to face his childhood fears when an escaped killer takes refuge in his family's "Haunted Hayride". Battling insomnia and undiagnosed PTSD, a war veteran works nights as a projectionist at a decrepit theater. While struggling to adapt to civilian life, he soon finds himself tangled in an inescapable web of seduction, addiction, and violence. He just woke up. He's in a hospital. He can't move. He can't remember who he is. Memories begin to flood back to him as he regains consciousness. He was part of a heist gone wrong. One of a crew of six asked to steal a briefcase from a secret vault. But that's all he can remember. He will combat the drugs and the pain and the solitude in a desperate effort to remember what happened to him and why. But once he finally reaches the end of his quest for answers he will wish he never began. Banksy's work now reportedly changes hands for millions.  But he puts up his street art for free. Have you ever wondered  what would happen if you got your hands on one of these?  Does it mean you've found a winning lottery ticket or just  scraped some worthless crap off a wall?  Going up against the Art Establishment, Critics, Auction Houses,  Gallery Owners and Authentication Boards in a quest for the  elusive meal ticket, two filmmakers unwittingly gatecrash the  murky and protective world of Banksy.  "HOW TO SELL A BANKSY" raises questions of ownership,  authentication and the true value of art itself. Through all the  chaos and incompetence comes a modern-day, true-story,  crime-theft, comedy-caper. After twenty years in prison, Foley is finished with the grifter's life. When he meets an elusive young woman named Iris, the possibility of a new start looks real. But his past is proving to be a stubborn companion. A private investigator helps a former flame solve the murder of her wealthy grandfather, who lived in a sprawling estate surrounded by his idiosyncratic family. An adaptation of the eponymous song by Renato Russo, a famous Brazilian singer and composer who in the style of Bob Dylan knew how to delight crowds by telling stories and singing with his lyrics. Focusing on the love story of outlaw Joao do Santo Cristo with Architecture major student Maria Lucia, the movie takes place in Brasilia in the early 80s. In a clash of interest, drug dealers and the police conflict with one another,while the end of the military dictatorship in the Capital of Brazil, Brasilia takes place. The wanderings and tedium of a young rocker, who lived in a city still being built, are the backdrop for this story. A review of the wild New York City nightlife of the 90s. The cast of characters who made up the infamous Club Kids speak candidly about that era, culminating with Alig's release from incarceration. A tortured ex-Negotiator, once pride of the Boston Police Department is taken hostage in his home. A psychological confrontation takes place while the kidnappers demand that he completes a mysterious mission for them. A successful lawyer returns to his hometown for his mother's funeral only to discover that his estranged father, the town's judge, is suspected of murder. A seasoned assassin plays both sides in a Russian gang war and becomes the target of an unknown enemy. When a group of teenagers goes on a spring break camping trip, an unfortunate accident sets off a race to save their friend's most prized possession. Vikram is a happy-go-lucky management student from a top Business School of India. He becomes an overnight sensation after a successful internet campaign against the radical fundamentalism of moral policing in India. This prompts his university teacher - Professor Ranjan Batki, to throw him a challenge for yet another internet campaign that would help raise money via a non-profit Pottery Club for poor people living in Maoists areas of India. Little does Vikram know that he is about to become a part of a plot that would risk his life and the nation. He gets entangled between two corrupt facets of India - Socialism and Capitalism, both of which are deeply rooted in India. It's a story inspired from true life incidents of Underbelly India. Once Upon A Time In Mumbai Dobaara is a sequel of Once Upon A Time In Mumbai Quiz Show is a 1994 American historical drama film which tells the true story of the Twenty One quiz show scandal of the 1950s. Ella discovers a terrifying secret when she becomes trapped in an underground storage facility. To survive she must join forces with a group of strangers, each with something to hide. Two rival gangs in Los Angeles and Las Vegas, led by Gino (Robert Miano) and Cole (Michael Madsen), are vying for control. Danny (Michael Masini), an LAPD undercover police detective, goes deep into gangland to infiltrate one gang to bring down both. Based primarily on the first game in the series, Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney, the film focuses on rookie defense attorney Ryuichi Naruhodo, as he strives to protect his clients in various murder trials, including the death of his mentor, Chihiro Ayasato, and the accusation of rival prosecutor, Reiji Mitsurugi. Ryuichi's greatest ally is Chihiro's younger sister Mayoi, a spirit medium whose body is posessed by Chihiro to communicate with him. The film will be a courtroom drama combined with the video game series' signature style. Sci-fi elements are also used such as characters bringing up holographic images of evidence during trials. A look at the controversial riot cops unit, told through the stories of three veteran cops and a young recruit. In 2001, editor Marty Baron of The Boston Globe assigns a team of journalists to investigate allegations against John Geoghan, an unfrocked priest accused of molesting more than 80 boys. Led by editor Walter "Robby" Robinson, reporters Michael Rezendes, Matt Carroll and Sacha Pfeiffer interview victims and try to unseal sensitive documents. The reporters make it their mission to provide proof of a cover-up of sexual abuse within the Roman Catholic Church. The villains from the popular animated Disney films are gathered at the House of Mouse with plans to take over. Soon, the villains take over the house and kick out Mickey, Donald and Goofy. It's all up to Mickey and his friends to overthrow evil and return the House of Mouse to normal--or as close to normal as it gets. A Polish detective becomes suspicious of a controversial author when the incidents described in his unpublished novel resemble the inner workings of an unsolved murder. A thief with a unique code of professional ethics is double-crossed by his crew and left for dead. Assuming a new disguise and forming an unlikely alliance with a woman on the inside, he looks to hijack the score of the crew's latest heist. An ex-cop whose only goal is to assassinate a state senator and collect $100,000 dollars. Marilyn Bellows, the senator's wife, orders the hit. Marilyn will go to any extreme - lust, betrayal, and even murder to get what she wants. An ex-Hollywood screenwriter now teaching an evening class in New York finds himself in a battle of wits with a devious screenwriter student. Over the course of one day, a shy 13-year-old forms a bond with his troubled uncle. Jordan Turner is an experienced 911 operator but when she makes an error in judgment and a call ends badly, Jordan is rattled and unsure if she can continue. But when teenager Casey Welson is abducted in the back of a man's car and calls 911, Jordan is the one called upon to use all of her experience, insights and quick thinking to help Casey escape, and not just to save her, but to make sure the man is brought to justice. The tango king Harry Koivikko was found dead six years ago in a sleazebag motel, with a knife is his back. The biggest manhunt in the county faded away without results.  Jussi Vares gets a phone call from a down-and-out journalist; the informant tells Vares he knows the murderer. Then the journalist disappears without a trace and Vares has to face the biggest challenge of his career. To add insult to the injury, an old acquaintance Veikko Hopea gets his first prison furlough... A drug pusher grows increasingly desperate after a botched deal leaves him with a large debt to a ruthless drug lord. A group of hobos begin melting into multicolored piles of goo after drinking sixty-year-old liquor. At the same time, the psychotic Vietnam War vet who rules the hobo camp snaps and begins killing at random. Two brothers set out to stop the liquor and the killer. Ronald Plasmeyer (Ruben Van Der Meer) is a small-time Amsterdam detective, struggling with financial problems because of his gambling habit. When the Chinese crime boss Hao threatens Ronald's ex-wife and son to get his money back, Ronald comes up with a plan that will solve all his problems. Ronald enlists two petty criminals (Ton Kas and Rene Van 't Hof) to rob an illegal poker tournament he's taking part in, providing him with a perfect alibi. Quick, simple and non-violent; the plan is foolproof... until people start getting killed. Soon, Ronald's partners take off with the money, leaving him empty handed. To make matters worse Ronald's colleagues in the police force begin to suspect him of the robbery, setting the stage for a nerve-racking game of cat and mouse. Ronald is all-in... holding the worst hand of his life. Narrowly avoiding jail, new dad Robbie vows to turn over a new leaf. A visit to a whisky distillery inspires him and his mates to seek a way out of their hopeless lives. Virgil Oldman is a world renowned antiques expert and auctioneer. An eccentric genius, he leads a solitary life, going to extreme lengths to keep his distance from the messiness of human relationships. When appointed by the beautiful but emotionally damaged Claire to oversee the valuation and sale of her family's priceless art collection, Virgil allows himself to form an attachment to her - and soon he is engulfed by a passion which will rock his bland existence to the core. A violent gang enlists the help of a hypnotherapist in an attempt to locate a painting which somehow vanished in the middle of a heist. It's the ultimate buddy cop movie except for one thing: they're not cops.  When two struggling pals dress as police officers for a costume party, they become neighborhood sensations.  But when these newly-minted "heroes" get tangled in a real life web of mobsters and dirty detectives, they must put their fake badges on the line. A fireman takes an unexpected course of action when a man whom he's been ordered to testify against--after being held up at a local convenience store--threatens him. When a cop's crooked past comes back to get him, can he do the right thing, or will he succumb to the threats of his dangerous connections? A CIA assassin attempts to break out of the contract killing business to try to lead a normal life. But when "the system" tracks her down and frames her for the death of her husband, she embarks on a path of revenge that leads her back into the life she tried to hard to abandon. Decorated Vietnam hero, Frank Vega returns home only to get shunned by society leaving him without a job or his high school sweetheart. It's not until forty years later when an incident on a commuter bus makes him a local hero where he's suddenly celebrated once again. But his good fortune suddenly turns for the worse when his best friend is murdered and the police aren't doing anything about it. After a massive shootout, a mysterious stranger (Van Damme) arrives at a local hospital on the brink of death. Then, a foreign gang brazenly comes to the hospital to hunt him down. His nurse, the sole surviving witness to the follow-up shootout, must face an FBI interrogation that unlocks a plot of international intrigue and revenge. With enough twists and turns, KILL'EM ALL will keep you guessing until the final bullet is fired. A struggling screenwriter inadvertently becomes entangled in the Los Angeles criminal underworld after his oddball friends kidnap a gangster's beloved Shih Tzu. In Appalachia, blood always runs to the hollow. An anonymous advice columnist finds herself caught in an unlikely romance with the man who has been hired to kill her alter ego. Two mismatched cops team up to investigate the murder of a business mogul's wife. A haunted soldier just back from war and a boy who has never known peace in his home life embark on a life-changing journey as they become unlikely friends -- and one another's last shot at redemption.  Chris is a once promising high school athlete whose life is turned upside down following a tragic accident. As he tries to maintain a normal life, he takes a job as a janitor at a bank, where he ultimately finds himself caught up in a planned heist. Jessica Fletcher searches for a woman who witnessed the murder of a man trying to expose a serious flaw in a top-secret government satellite code. A dispossessed, violent man's life is a disastrous attempt to exist outside the social order. Successively deprived of parents and homes and with few other ties, he descends to the level of a cave dweller and falls deeper into crime and degradation. This time, there's no wedding. No bachelor party. What could go wrong, right? But when the Wolfpack hits the road, all bets are off. Hardcore gangsta Isaiah Knight decides to leave his gang, The Platinum Playaz, to go straight and look after his mother and sister. When he opens up his own nightclub, the members of his former crew see it as the perfect place to make a big drug score. Desperate to stay legit, Knight scuppers the drug deal, invoking the wrath of Lynch, the new leader of the Playaz, who decides to take revenge by ambushing Knight. Knight's mother and sister are killed during the hit and when Lynch escapes prosecution for the killings, Knight decides to exact his own form of bloody justice. The Famous Five Shahid Khan is exiled after impersonating the legendary Sultana Daku in order to rob British trains. Now outcast, Shahid becomes a worker at Ramadhir Singh's colliery, only to spur a revenge battle that passes on to generations. At the turn of the decade, Shahid's son, the philandering Sardar Khan vows to get his father's honor back, becoming the most feared man of Wasseypur. "Hit A Lick," tells the tragic story of Falicia Blakely, a teen mom who grows up in the fast-lane. When she becomes an exotic dancer, she attracts the attention of local pimp and predator, Dino. His empty promises of a life together turns Falicia into a pawn in his dangerous games; and she's forced to prove her love for him at the expense of innocent lives. When Simon's brother is arrested for armed robbery, he is asked to commit a string of similar crimes in an attempt to get his brother acquitted. Caught between loyalty to his brother and his own will, Simon is forced to examine his life. Ogden Confer is a community college student living with his parents and dealing with the recent loss of his best pal, Rose, when he foils the suicide effort of a mysterious young lady, Beth, who proceeds to make him pay for not minding his own business. The film centers around retired police detective Derrick Stanswood (Mann), who is called by a successful doctor about an unsolved case involving his wife Maggy (Cottrel) and their son, Cole (newcomer Kevin Fennell). Chasing after loose ends in a backward rural town, Derrick has no idea that Maggy has been held captive for the past eight years by farmer Lukas Walton (K.J. Linhein, "Jebediah"), who is raising Cole as his own son in a wrongful world that holds its own horrors (http://mrpotent.com/deerCrossing/). A cat, Lorenzo, is dismayed to discover that his tail has developed a personality of its own. Juan Garcia is a boy on the threshold of manhood living in a gang-controlled neighborhood. His role models could not be further apart: his older sister Angie, a single mom, struggling to gain a foothold in the white corporate world and his uncle Manny, an ex-gang member, who has fallen into an acting career playing gang bangers since his release from prison. With the future on his doorstep, Juan, like most boys, can only think of girls and is unaware of the judicial system's hard line stance against gang affiliation. A Puerto Rican salon employee is forced to confront her own erotic desires when she becomes obsessed with the violent sexual tendencies of her new neighbors. In the teeming, multicultural metropolis of modern-day London, a seemingly straightforward missing-person case launches a down-at-heel private eye into a dangerous world of religious fanaticism and political intrigue. The main protagonists of the film are members of the gypsy family Mirga. Lutvija Belmondo Mirga narrates a story about four generations. Belmondo is the central character of the film, a gypsy king, who decided to establish his own gypsy village. He names it Shanghai. Belmondo makes a living smuggling and his power and influence grow big. He even gets the local police and politics on his side and that helps him to become untouchable for law. But with the downfall of Yugoslavia, smuggling of goods is replaced by smuggling of the arms. Though lucrative the business starts to threaten Belmondo's personal life and he finds himself at the crossroads. Will he protect his own family or is he going to sacrifice his personal happiness for business ambitions? In 1994 a 13-year-old boy disappeared without a trace from his home in San Antonio, Texas. Three and a half years later he is found alive thousands of miles away in a village in southern Spain with a horrifying story of kidnap and torture. His family is overjoyed to bring him home. But all is not quite as it seems. Documentary - An outraged community of business owners and amusement activists embark on a 3-year roller coaster journey to protect the future of legendary Coney Island Amusement Park from an unscrupulous real estate developer and a group of misguided politicians. - On a particularly busy day at a suburban Ohio fast food joint, high-strung manager Sandra receives a phone call from a police officer saying that an employee, a pretty young blonde named Becky, has stolen money from a customer. A hitman for the Sicilian Mafia, Salvo is solitary, cold and ruthless. When he sneaks into a house to eliminate a man, he discovers Rita, a young blind girl who powerlessly stands by while her brother is assassinated. Salvo tries to close those disturbing eyes, staring at him yet unseeing. Something impossible happens. Rita's eyes see for the first time. Salvo decides to spare her life. From then on, these two beings, both haunted by the world they belong to, are linked together forever. A Chechen Muslim illegally immigrates to Hamburg and becomes a person of interest for a covert government team which tracks the movements of potential terrorists. An ex-mercenary known for finding missing children is hired by a mixed martial arts fighter whose daughter has been kidnapped. Based on the true story of the real life stopwatch gang: Lionel Wright, Paddy Mitchell and Stephen Reid. Miles Teller to star, Ruben Fleischer to direct New animation featuring the Olsen Gang, the legendary trio of small-time crooks with big money dreams. An orphaned war-veteran routinely travels between our world and the afterlife in search of his fiance's killer by stopping and starting his own heart. Daniel Lugo, manager of the Sun Gym in 1990s Miami, decides that there is only one way to achieve his version of the American dream: extortion. To achieve his goal, he recruits musclemen Paul and Adrian as accomplices. After several failed attempts, they abduct rich businessman Victor Kershaw and convince him to sign over all his assets to them. But when Kershaw makes it out alive, authorities are reluctant to believe his story. Wasteland is set in a world ravaged by a deadly virus and within that world is Scott Miller, a man who, against the odds, is trying to carve out some sort of life. The deadly infection that has ravaged the globe has almost totally wiped out the human race and Scott must spend his days finding water, food etc. Whilst trying to find uninfected people by radio, he must also avoid the many dangers that lurk in the outside world, while he waits for the return of the love of his life, Beth. Stolen Seas presents a chilling exploration of the Somali pirate phenomenon and forces you to rethink everything you thought you knew about pirates. It's November 8th, 2008 and the CEC Future, a Danish-owned merchant ship, is on high alert. Sailing inside the pirate-infested swath of sea between Somalia and Yemen, the ship's captain blinks hard at the radar screen where a light begins to flash. This is it, Nozhkin thinks, and he's right. Machine guns sound on the boat's hull and for two months this 13-man crew will be held at the mercy of Somali pirates, helpless as hostage negotiations threaten their lives and cameras capture every move. The pirates' translator, Ishmael Ali, a single dad who may or may not have stumbled into this controversial role, puts in a call to the shipping magnate's CEO Per Gullestrup demanding an exorbitant 7 million dollars. The shipowner's response is the first of many misfires and communications to come... A night guard at an armored car company in the Southern U.S. organizes one of the biggest bank heists in American history. Focusing on the timeless themes of jealousy, murder and betrayal, 'I Against I' is set over one night and utilises different time lines to reveal a dark and unexpected conclusion to a simple mystery premise. The main protagonists, opposite in character, take a frantic journey into a desolate nocturnal world with the common aim of survival, though once completed, the plot reveals a trap from which escape may be impossible. A special agent's plans to reconcile with his ex-fiance are ruined when she boards a private jet that is targeted by hijackers working for the same crime lord that he is chasing. AUTOMOTIVE is a modern noir seen through the eyes of a classic car: Is that a body Kansas is putting in the trunk? He buries it in the desert night under headlights while a beautiful woman watches from the backseat. She is Lonely, his lover and accomplice...or is she? When Lonely's rich husband is murdered Kansas is left to blame. Is he guilty? More important, can he trust the woman he loves? These are the fragments we witness from Kansas' 1964 Mercury Montclair as it rumbles through L.A. A serial killer kidnaps a young boy after murdering his mother, then raises him to be his accomplice. After years in captivity, the boy must choose between escaping or following in his captor's bloody footprints. A detective tracking a stolen gem begins to suspect there's more to the case than just theft. In 2035, where robots are common-place and abide by the three laws of robotics, a techno-phobic cop investigates an apparent suicide. Suspecting that a robot may be responsible for the death, his investigation leads him to believe that humanity may be in danger. A former prostitute ensnares a young investment banker into marriage determined to avenge her lesbian lover and rob a group of corrupt business men, her husband included. A young Oxford academic and his attorney girlfriend holiday on Antigua. They bump into a Russian millionaire who owns a peninsula and a diamond watch. He wants a game of tennis. What else he wants propels the lovers on a tortuous journey to the City of London and its unholy alliance with Britain's intelligence establishment, to Paris and the Alps. From award winning director Naeem Mahmood, comes Brash Young Turks, a bold debut feature telling a fast paced struggle of love, crime and power, against all odds. A psych-patient, accused of a violent murder, turns to her court-appointed psychiatrist to prove her innocence and sanity. Her psychiatrist must help her decipher delusion from truth to unravel the mystery of her reality. A beautiful vampire turns a crime lord into a creature of the night. Ex-Federale agent Machete is recruited by the President of the United States for a mission which would be impossible for any mortal man - he must take down a madman revolutionary and an eccentric billionaire arms dealer who has hatched a plan to spread war and anarchy across the planet. Based on the true story of two young men, David Packouz and Efraim Diveroli, who won a $300 million contract from the Pentagon to arm America's allies in Afghanistan. Three down-on-their-luck, twenty-something female roommates are living paycheck to paycheck in a rundown apartment, when one night they stumble across $3 million dollars in a suitcase amidst the bloody aftermath of a drug shootout. Despite wanting to keep the money and smuggle it out of the country, the girls are forced into a final showdown and must face off against seasoned criminals who want the cash for themselves. A young Scottish singer, Rose-Lynn Harlan, dreams of making it as a country artist in Nashville after being released from prison. An Alaska State Trooper partners with a young woman who escaped the clutches of serial killer Robert Hansen to bring the murderer to justice. Based on actual events. Terri is a devoted wife and mother of two, living an ideal suburban life in Atlanta when Colin, a charming but dangerous escaped convict, shows up at her door claiming car trouble. Terri offers her phone to help him but soon learns that no good deed goes unpunished as she finds herself fighting for survival when he invades her home and terrorizes her family. A former American G.I. joins a yakuza family after his release from prison in post-World War II Osaka. A documentary concerning the violent Italian 'poliziotteschi' cinematic movement of the 1970s which, at first glance, seem to be rip-offs of American crime films like DIRTY HARRY or THE GODFATHER, but which really address Italian issues like the Sicilian Mafia and red terrorism. Perhaps even more interesting than the films themselves were the rushed methods of production (stars performing their own stunts, stealing shots, no live sound) and the bleed-over between real-life crime and movie crime. In this laugh-out-loud romantic comedy, Frank is an angst-ridden, young man who desperately wants to marry his girlfriend, Darlene, against the wishes of her father. A Romanian police officer teams up with a small crew of bank robbers to pull off a heist by convincing everyone at the scene of the crime that they are only filming a movie. A relentlessly-paced hybrid of gritty crime thriller and Lovecraftian supernatural horror, "The Devil's Mile" follows a trio of kidnappers who take an ill-advised detour en route to deliver their hostages - two teenage girls - to their mysterious and powerful employer. When they accidentally kill one of the girls during a botched escape attempt, their simmering mistrust explodes into shocking violence. But what they thought was their worst case scenario is only the beginning, as they are engulfed by the hellish forces that haunt the road - a road they realize they may never escape. Now captors and captive must fight together to escape the monstrous forces pursuing them and somehow survive ... A rock and roll love triangle that ignites Anglo-Muslim racial tension in East London. Now there's a riot on Redchurch Street that can only end in blood-fire and redemption. Chris wants to show girlfriend Tina his world, but events soon conspire against the couple and their dream caravan holiday takes a very wrong turn. Crystal and her boyfriend Leo embark on a tense and mysterious road trip through the desolate yet hauntingly beautiful landscape of central Florida. A couple embarks on an epic road trip in an attempt to gain more followers after their Instagram rival's fame doubles overnight. When a mild-mannered businessman learns his identity has been stolen, he hits the road in an attempt to foil the thief -- a trip that puts him in the path of a deceptively harmless-looking woman. Based on the plot of Euripides' Medea. Medea centers on the barbarian protagonist as she finds her position in the Greek world threatened, and the revenge she takes against her husband Jason who has betrayed her for another woman. A narrative feature film inspired by the events known as the Beltway sniper attacks. Tired of their mother's alcoholism and a string of her abusive boyfriends, two sisters plot to kill her. Literature professor Jim Bennett leads a secret life as a high-stakes gambler. Always a risk-taker, Bennett bets it all when he borrows from a gangster and offers his own life as collateral. Staying one step ahead, he pits his creditor against the operator of an illicit gambling ring while garnering the attention of Frank, a paternalistic loan shark. As his relationship with a student deepens, Bennett must risk everything for a second chance. Based on the groundbreaking, cult classic anime, KITE tells the story of Sawa, a young woman living in a corrupt society where crime and gangs terrorize the streets. When Sawa's mother and policeman father are found victims of a grisly double homicide, she begins a ruthless pursuit for the man who murdered them. With the help of her father's ex-partner, Karl Aker, and a mysterious friend from her past, she becomes a merciless teen assassin, blasting her way through the dark world of human trafficking only to uncover a devastating truth A vigilante ex-con is determined to clean up his crime-infested community. As he avenges the death of his sister, he begins a series of actions that may lead to his own destruction. A Muslim fundamentalist in New York kidnaps a liberal Muslim scholar with intent to kill. A closeted lesbian in New Delhi kidnaps her activist bisexual lover with intent to marry. The resulting torture and violence evokes a brutal struggle of identities against unfreedom. A deep cover operative awakens to find himself imprisoned on a submarine. With the help of a fellow prisoner and an amateur agent, he must race against the clock to escape the vessel and expose who set him up. A woman turns to prescription medication as a way of handling her anxiety concerning her husband's upcoming release from prison. Nathan and Aubrey committed murder on the day of their engagement party. Now, they have to cover their tracks and deflect questions on Elle's disappearance, or the authorities will come knocking. In Los Angeles, a gang of bank robbers call themselves The Ex-Presidents commit their crimes while wearing masks of Reagan, Carter, Nixon and Johnson. The F.B.I. believes that the members of the gang could be surfers and send young agent Johnny Utah undercover at the beach to mix with the surfers and gather information. A mystery writer becomes the prime suspect in a murder investigation when a publisher he last saw is found dead. A Reno singer witnesses a mob murder and the cops stash her in a nunnery to protect her from the mob's hitmen. The mother superior does not trust her, and takes steps to limit her influence on the other nuns. Eventually the singer rescues the failing choir and begins helping with community projects, which gets her an interview on TV--and identification by the mob. A film about the American artist Mark Lombardi who created graphic artwork laying out the powers and opaque network of the global elites from the economic and finance sectors, as well as terrorists; and whose masterpieces crossed wires with the FBI after the attacks on September 11th. Lombardi had hung himself one year earlier in his New York studio. Who was this Mark Lombardi, a man whose work was so explosive that even terrorist hunters were using it as research? The film portrays an incredibly brilliant artist who took on the social function of a watchdog by using public information and arranging it to expose the grand illegal practices in the globalized world. Harmless prank or violent revenge? Three high school students, sick of living in fear of bullies, plan the ultimate payback. But when their prank goes way too far, they come to realize that getting even can have deadly consequences. Packed with unpredictable twists and turns, this cutting-edge thriller pulls no punches and delivers a shocking conclusion you'll never forget. Just remember...no matter how sweet revenge might taste, there's always a price to pay Tooting Broadway is an urban crime drama set in 2009, whose South London location lends a gritty feel to a fast paced story that highlights a rarely seen gang culture. Shortcut Romeo is an Indian romantic thriller film to be directed and produced by Susi Ganeshan, under the banner Susi Ganesh Productions. It is the Hindi remake of the director's own Tamil film Thiruttu Payale (2006), starring Neil Nitin Mukesh in the title role with Puja Gupta as his love interest and Ameesha Patel in a negative character. John Figg has a great career and a gorgeous fiancee. When he inherits a nice house in a quiet neighborhood, he finally starts to feel like his life is coming together. Trouble arises, however, when John's house is burglarized, and the thieves steal one of his most prized possessions. A female American reporter searches for her missing brother against the backdrop of violence and human smuggling across the US/Mexican border. In 1974, 24 year-old Francis Wetherbee, a bank teller who is the subject of small-town envy and gossip, disappears from her hometown of Smithville, Texas two weeks after her fiance's bank is robbed. Her car is dredged from the bottom of a local river but it yields no clues.  After a vigorous but futile search for the missing woman, the authorities give up, and Francis recedes into legend--until the case is revisited nearly 40 years later when key figures in her life come forward with theories and clues surrounding her disappearance. The film then morphs from documentary style to narrative as the odyssey of Francis' life unfolds for the audience and the truth is revealed. Composed of two intertwining stories, one a gay coming-of-age story of a teenager nicknamed "Chip" and his first love; the second, that same character twenty years later. Now called Christopher and in the closet, he wants a life in politics, and is about to run for the Maryland Senate with the help of his fiancee's family - one of the most politically connected in Washington. But when Chris' first love resurfaces in his life, a man who reignites a passion in him, Chris' carefully constructed world threatens to crumble around him. Retired police detective Roland Hassel (Lars-Erik Berenett, who played Hassel on TV in the 1980s) is determined to solve the 1986 assassination of Swedish Prime Minister Olof Palme. Without access to police files, however, the best he can manage is to attend an inept re-enactment on the 25th anniversary of the murder... The investigation of a mysterious serial-killer in a mountain village, set in Norway in the mid 1300s. Jew-Man Business, besides having a seminally anti-semitic title, is a documentary about the struggle faced in Freetown, Sierra Leone. This documentary sets out to show us how life is on the streets of Freetown, following three young men, of which one is living on the street (Bone Thug),  another who is trying to leave the street life of crime behind him (Junior), and finally, Ice T, a former rebel soldier. Jew-Man Business portrays a real hardship as it follows these three men through their daily routine. Chon Wang, a clumsy imperial guard trails Princess Pei Pei when she is kidnapped from the Forbidden City and transported to America. Wang follows her captors to Nevada, where he teams up with an unlikely partner, outcast outlaw Roy O'Bannon, and tries to spring the princess from her imprisonment. Undercover Las Vegas police officer Vincent Downs, who has got a lot of enemies, is caught in a high stakes web of corrupt cops and the mob-controlled casino underground. When a heist goes wrong, a crew of homicidal gangsters gets T, Downs' teenage son. In one sleepless night, he will have to rescue his son T (who they got), evade an internal affairs investigation and bring the kidnappers to justice. When Todd takes his girlfriend Cammie up to the family cottage for a reclusive proposal, the last thing he expected to be doing was dealing with was his slacker brother and his hippie girlfriend.  But in this comedy of errors, Todd and Cammie, have to deal with his accidentally murdered brother in order to live happily ever after. Kate is an out of work actress working in a shop, until that is, she is made redundant. In a week from hell Kate's boyfriend leaves her, the shop goes bust and rent and gas bills have not been paid. Inspired by the notorious outlaw Bonnie Parker, Kate gathers a gang from her shop assistant friends and comes up with a plot to rob the shop, but who is her Clyde? A committee investigating TV's first uncensored network examines a typical day's programming, which includes shows, commercials, news programs, you name it. What they discover will surely crack you up! This outrageous and irreverent spoof of television launched the careers of some of the greatest comedians of all time. Jussi Vares falls in love with a beautiful brunette - only to lose her in a horrible way. After dating Sole a few weeks, her body is found in a bird-watching tower. The investigations come to a standstill, until Vares promises to solve a mystery of messy denunciation letters. Before the letters reveal their secret, a lot of things happen. A gun-for-hire, Stahanov, gets an assignment. Sole's brother finds his wife in the arms of a wrong man and goes on a rampage, accompanied by a black cat. In the end the clues lead to a familiar person and more death in unavoidable Fourteen-year-old Mo is a lonely, sensitive boy whose hunger for the rant and banter of buddies makes him prone to tread dangerous territories. He idolizes his handsome older brother, Rashid, a charismatic, well-respected member of a local gang, whose drug dealing enables "Rash" to provide for his family. Aching to be seen as a tough guy himself, Mo takes a job that unlocks a fateful turn of events and forces the brothers to confront their inner demons. It turns out that hate is easy. It is love and understanding that take real courage. When John Rambo's niece travels to Mexico to find the father that abandoned her and her mother, she finds herself in the grasps of Calle Mexican sex traffickers. When she doesn't return home as expected, John learns she's crossed into Mexico and sets out to get her back and make them pay. Musicians, producers, family, colleagues and the artist himself look back on the making of Stevie Wonders's classic album "Song In the Key of Life". Sacrifice is the story of consultant surgeon, Tora Hamilton, who moves with her husband, Duncan, to the remote Shetland Islands, 100 miles off the north-east coast of Scotland. Deep in the peat soil around her new home, Tora discovers the body of a young woman with rune marks carved into her skin and a gaping hole where her heart once beat. Ignoring warnings to leave well alone, Tora uncovers terrifying links to a legend that might never have been confined to the pages of the story-books. A short documentary that tells the stories of Yemeni refugees living in Markazi Refugee Camp. 'What kind of house does a man who has been imprisoned in a six-foot-by-nine-foot cell for over 30 years dream of?' This film captures the remarkable creative journey and friendship of Herman Wallace, one of the Angola 3, and artist Jackie Sumell while examining the injustice of prolonged solitary confinement. When 19-year-old Adam agrees to do a day's driving for his mum's gangster boyfriend Peter, it takes him on a 24-hour journey into a nightmarish world of murder, sex trafficking and revenge, in the company of aging hit man Roy. Billy is a fetish photographer whose models begin to turn up dead. Michael, a melancholic cop, is tasked with investigating him. A corrupted customs officer, Choi Ik-hyeon, faces losing his job. Then, his life turns around as he meets ganster Choi Hyeong-bae who has connection with the Yakuza. They quickly form a partnership; Hyeong-bae helps Ik-hyeon set up a business with the money from drug trafficking while Ik-hyeon lobbies for his partner Hyeong-bae. As the government declares war on crime, however, their partnership begins to crack. The US President and the UK Prime Minister are planning on launching a war in the Middle East, but--behind the scenes--government officials and advisers are either promoting the war or are trying to prevent it. After his wife dies in childbirth as the result of an unsuccessful coup attempt by the bandit Razoulli (Amrish Puri), Gen. Khalid (Dharmendra) vows to avenge her death in this Bollywood thriller. But as he prepares to carry out his plan against Razoulli's son (Sunny Deol) years later, little does Khalid know that the two are connected by a long-buried secret. Sridevi, Karan Kapoor and Juhi Chawla also star. This is the strange but true story of Wild Bill Cooper. Part Arctic adventure and part crime caper, WILD BILL'S RUN is an unforgettable ride with a true American folk hero.  In the winter of 1972, Wild Bill Cooper led a ragtag crew of mechanics, ranchers and photographers on a grueling expedition across the polar ice. During some of the darkest days of the Cold War, their goal was to snowmobile 5,000 miles from Minnesota to Moscow. An American in Indonesia teams up with a Muslim cop to track down a terrorist. Near the end of the 20th century on Tokyo's Chuo train line, just before Hong Kong's return to Chinese control, masses of people go on a rampage, and love runs wild. Celebrated worldwide, 420 has become the universal slang for "marijuana," but few knew how the term originated-until now! A ruthless businessman's payoff to the Belgian mafia is intercepted by his revenge-seeking former protegees, launching a deadly war of violence and double-dealing. Bidder 70 centers on an extraordinary, ingenious and effective act of civil disobedience demanding government and industry accountability. In 2008, University of Utah economics student Tim DeChristopher committed an act which would redefine patriotism in our time, igniting a spirit of civil disobedience in the name of climate justice. After a drug deal gone wrong, two New York City hustlers relocate to Miami, where they set up a lucrative credit card fraud operation. Unfortunately, their new business not only attracts the police, but the city's top criminals -- and both want a percentage of the take. Aarno Lamminparras hijacked an airplane with a gun in 1978. A true story. An inventive and resourceful cocaine smuggler defends his trade against violent rival traffickers, a monstrous and vengeful killer, and the DEA agents who want to lock him up - all while falling for a stunningly beautiful woman with a taste for danger. A hate-filled man joins a murderous regime after is family disappears in a rapture like event. Struggling to gain faith after being excommunicated from this group he finds solace in surviving with some nomadic travelers. Crazy dog, a serial killer of the 80s, who seems killing randomly. Marco Costa, son of one the victims, decides to investigate on his father's murder. Crazy dog was suicide or the truth is more complicated than that? A crew from a paranormal reality television show lock themselves in a haunted psychiatric hospital. They search for evidence of paranormal activity as they shoot what ends up becoming their final episode. In a post-zombie world, where the infected live normal lives, their retroviral drug is running out. When a New York City actor loses everything to an internet scam based in South Africa, his two best friends take him to Cape Town to track down the scammer. With the help of a charismatic local, their search begins promisingly, leading them into Cape Town's clubs, back alleys, and townships. But as they find themselves moving into darker territory, things prove to be not all that they seem, old rivalries flare up, and the limits of friendship are tested in ways the three men could never have imagined. Designed to look and feel like a documentary, 419 is a unique thriller about the mysteries of male friendship and the true cost of revenge. When a group of friends decides to follow a car they've seen posted on an Amber Alert, things start to go very wrong. Two youths, Nino and Compi, enter the world of drug smuggling in the Strait of Gibraltar; while two police officers, Jesus and Eva, try to eradicate the contraband. Two teens girls scheme their way out of work to spend a day at the beach. Things don't go as planned. When a mysterious crime takes the life of her only brother, an Ethiopian American woman searches for the truth behind his death, while struggling to reconcile cultural expectations with her own pursuit of self-identity and love. A thief is caught up in a deadly game of cat-and-mouse between a maverick cop and London crime boss. In New York City, a crime lord's right-hand man is seduced by a woman seeking retribution. After four college girls rob a restaurant to fund their spring break in Florida, they get entangled with a weird dude with his own criminal agenda. When her husband goes missing during their Caribbean vacation, a woman sets off on her own to take down the men she thinks are responsible. Paris, 1911. When Da Vinci's painting "La Gioconda" is stolen from the Louvre museum, it is suspected that the authors of the audacious theft are members of a group of bohemian artists led by painter Pablo Ruiz Picasso and poet Guillaume Apollinaire. At an ever-accelerating pace, this thriller / dark comedy tells the story of 8 very different groups whose paths cross in the space of 24 hours. We meet a wide range of characters - from spoiled rich brats to real bottom-feeding criminal scum, and everyone in-between. In the best traditions of Commedia dellarte, the characters each have easily recognizable roles People talk about their murder fantasies and stage them as short films. 15-year-old Nina witnesses a terrible crime that puts her life in danger. Being an orphan, she has nobody she can trust. When corrupt businessman Thomas Backer sends five killers after Nina, witness protection officer, Max, a former special-forces soldier, is responsible for her safety. They soon overcome their initial distance to find common ground. While on the run from the ruthless Backer, Rudi, one of Max's former comrades, comes to their rescue - and continues to help the two out of some precarious situations. Even Max's ex-girlfriend Sara is not just there to help him as a federal prosecutor. Nevertheless, Nina and Max face ever-increasing danger, and soon the teenager is not the only one in need of a guardian angel - Max could use one too. The abduction and murder of numerous school girls in a quaint, all-American town. Inspired by true events. In this adaptation of the best-selling roman a clef about Bill Clinton's 1992 run for the White House, the young and gifted Henry Burton is tapped to oversee the presidential campaign of Governor Jack Stanton. Burton is pulled into the politician's colorful world and looks on as Stanton -- who has a wandering eye that could be his downfall -- contends with his ambitious wife, Susan, and an outspoken adviser, Richard Jemmons. In the 1960's, filmmaker Myles Jewell's grandfather, Phil DiNatale, worked relentlessly as an investigator on the case of the Boston Strangler. But despite Phil's meticulous investigative efforts, the case got caught in Boston's political cross hairs and was never officially solved. Now, fifty years later, Myles plunges headfirst into his grandfather's immense homemade detective archive to reveal never-before-seen details about the strangler investigation. Part historical film, part personal documentary, and part whodunit, Stranglehold tells the story of a beat cop turned famed detective, Phil DiNatale, and the long-lasting effect his investigative legacy had on his family for generations. Edina and Patsy are still oozing glitz and glamor, living the high life they are accustomed to; shopping, drinking and clubbing their way around London's trendiest hot-spots. Blamed for a major incident at an uber fashionable launch party, they become entangled in a media storm and are relentlessly pursued by the paparazzi. Fleeing penniless to the glamorous playground of the super-rich, the French Riviera, they hatch a plan to make their escape permanent and live the high life forever more! No Smoke is a compelling story, based on true events.What would you do if the police took your life savings and suspected you of being involved in terrorism and drug dealing?Could you beat the system? Ten years after their casino heist, four escaped convicts trace their former partner to a desert town, where he is now a lawman with no memory of his criminal past. Vincent Miles, a gunsmith and shooting instructor at the National Police, is an expert in combat shooting who stubbornly refuses to join a field brigade, a choice which their colleagues do not understand. When he meets Milo Cardena, a mysterious and skilled cop, his life changes in such way that he cannot ignore his true nature anymore. In Argentina, between 1982 and 1985, the Puccios, a well-established family of San Isidro, an upper-class suburb of Buenos Aires, kidnap several people and hold them as hostages for a ransom. A sheriff begins an investigation into the death of a local transsexual after hearing that high ranking politicians may have been involved. Although he is homophobic, his investigation causes him to be rejected by others, forcing him to seek help from the people he once despised. After ruthless gangsters wrongfully accuse him of stealing from them, a retired criminal has 24 hours to creep back into his past life and retrieve a bag of coke before his fiancee is killed. Amongst the desperation and fear growing in a crime ridden estate in northern England, one man becomes embroiled into saving what community life exists. A cop and his team of comrades go undercover in one of China's most ruthless underworld organizations to stop a gang leader, only to put themselves in great danger after being exposed one by one.  An investigative and powerfully emotional documentary about the epidemic of rape of soldiers within the US military, the institutions that perpetuate and cover up its existence, and its profound personal and social consequences. A bullied student sees visions of a rabbit he was forced to kill as a child, and those visions propel him into a state where his imagination causes him to carry out violent acts. In the prehistoric past, Keda, a young and inexperienced hunter, struggles to return home after being separated from his tribe when bison hunting goes awry. On his way back he will find an unexpected ally. A rising star at agri-industry giant Archer Daniels Midland (ADM), Mark Whitacre suddenly turns whistleblower. Even as he exposes his company's multi-national price-fixing conspiracy to the FBI, Whitacre envisions himself being hailed as a hero of the common man and handed a promotion. The next installment in the franchise and the conclusion of the "Star Wars" sequel trilogy as well as the "Skywalker Saga." For over thirty years, three women have languished in Missouri State prison under unjust sentences for killing their abusive husbands. Denied the opportunity to enter the abuse into evidence, each of the women represents a system broken by outdated and media-sensationalized stereotypes. When a greater understanding of the "battered" syndrome change legal practices in 2000, Missouri's Governor crafts a new law demanding the parole board reevaluate each woman's case. Sandra is a young woman who has only one weekend to convince her colleagues they must give up their bonuses in order for her to keep her job -- not an easy task in this economy. A high school teen stumbles into the aftermath of a bank robbery gone wrong and finds himself locked inside his school trying to keep himself and his teacher alive as one of the psychotic robbers hunts them down. An American backpacker gets involved with a ring of drug smugglers as their driver, and winds up on the run from his employers across Munich's autobahns. A series of cop murders plagues the city. The remaining officers on the force are increasingly worried as the deaths increase with no leads. As the department's finest must solve the case before the killer strikes again. Mauro, Noel and Broco have been an inseparable group of friends since grade school. All grown up, their lives are not what they hoped they would be. Life has become so routine that they do nothing more than wait for the weekends to drink themselves into oblivion. One night, a chance encounter leads the group on a wild and deadly chase from Santiago's most dangerous crime boss... Forced to make increasingly risky decisions, their frantic, adrenaline fueled desperation brings them closer to a violent, life-changing end where the friendship will be changed forever. A serial killer is loose on the streets of Atlantic City. His ten victims are prostitutes, his methods are ruthless and yet his motives are unknown. Two embattled homicide detectives, Mayfield and Jesse, are in a race against time to catch this killer. They have just a few hours to utilize all of their resources and prevent murder number eleven. But with very few leads, very little support, and luck playing against them they are in for a long night because being wrong is unforgiving and number eleven is already gone. Earl Stone, a man in his eighties, is broke, alone, and facing foreclosure of his business when he is offered a job that simply requires him to drive. Easy enough, but, unbeknownst to Earl, he's just signed on as a drug courier for a Mexican cartel. He does so well that his cargo increases exponentially, and Earl hit the radar of hard-charging DEA agent Colin Bates. An examination of a failure of justice in Arkansas. The documentary tells the hitherto unknown story behind an extraordinary and desperate fight to bring the truth to light. Told and made by those who lived it, the filmmakers' unprecedented access to the inner workings of the defense, allows the film to show the investigation, research and appeals process in a way that has never been seen before; revealing shocking and disturbing new information about a case that still haunts the American South. When a kidnapping goes wrong, a desperate father risks everything to save his daughter from the men who hold her captive. Inspired by actual events, a group of fame-obsessed teenagers use the Internet to track celebrities' whereabouts in order to rob their homes. A lingerie model has been strangled inside a wealthy fashion designer's house, and the designer is the obvious suspect. When the police appear to be dragging their feet on the investigation, private detective Cassandra decides to do her own investigation, posing as a model. A story about two lifelong criminals who maneuver through the shady underbelly of Los Angeles in search of wealth, love and redemption. Anna is a woman who sells flowers at the local market and whose only hope and joy in her life is her only son Amaurys. Raul, Amaurys' best friend, involves him in a drug deal which results in his death. The movie is based on an autobiographical book titled "Tokyo Furyou Shounen Densetsu." The book was written by Endo Natsuki, who was once affiliated with the biker team and band COOLS that was formed in the 1970s by Tachi Hiroshi (61) and Iwaki Koichi (60). The story for the film takes place at a technical high school in the 1970s, where it is said that half of the school's 3,000 students are juvenile delinquents. Saito plays a student named Sendo, who is aiming to be number one out of all of them. Naturally, the movie will incorporate a lot of action scenes as he brawls his way to the top. Two rival seamen fight for both a promotion to a captaincy in their shipping line and the attentions of a Havana saloon singer.  Sparks fly as they both try to out do each other in obtaining what they know their opposite is after.  In the end they will need to work together in order to save the day. Nuno is a man working at a hot dog stand, who also invented a machine which promises to revolutionize the shoe industry- a foot scanner. In the middle of a gasoline embargo and finding himself in a strange predicament, Nuno becomes mysteriously confined to his car, finding his life suddenly embargoed. Malcolm and Sofia, two determined teens from the Bronx, are the ultimate graffiti-writers. When a rival gang buffs their latest masterpiece, they must hatch a plan to get revenge by tagging an iconic NYC landmark, but they need to raise $500 to pull off their spectacular scheme. Over the course of two whirlwind, sun-soaked summer days, Malcolm and Sofia travel on an epic urban adventure involving black market spray cans, illicit bodegas, stolen sneakers, a high stakes heist, and a beautiful, stoned girl whose necklace is literally their key to becoming the biggest writers in the City. Step brothers Drake and Josh must give a foster family the best Christmas ever or face years in jail for a Christmas party gone wrong. A couple of depraved killers find themselves in a different situation when the survivor takes matters into her own hands As a math savant uncooks the books for a new client, the Treasury Department closes in on his activities and the body count starts to rise. Mariano, 16, inexplicably and without warning, shoots himself twice and improbably survives. Then, life goes on. His brother pursues a romance with a girl working at a fast-food joint, his mother takes off on a trip with a stranger, and Mariano recruits a woman to join his medieval wind ensemble. Jerry McGill slipped from a rock'n'roll career into a life of crime, robbing banks and running from the FBI while touring with legends of country music and appearing in movies. After three jail sentences (under two different names), aged 70 and suffering from terminal cancer, he announced his return to music. We follow a gun-toting McGill and his fiance Joyce through four states as he steals whatever's not nailed down and charms his way into and out of trouble. But when you point a camera at a man who will do anything for notoriety, how responsible are you when he goes too far? Tekin (Tolga Cevik) and retired traffic police deputy Ismail (Koksal Enger), to find a girl who lost their lives at the expense of any kind of danger afford. An ordinary story that started in pursuit of the missing girl case, reckoning, game turns into an adventure game in which the arrival. Who is to blame innocent who is confused. Our sleuth has a single error, then use their own methods. When Jackie Carpenter's son, Jason, is accused of murder she fights against the odds to free him but when the prosecution seeks a life sentence, both Jackie's and Jason's world spins into turmoil sending them on parallel journeys of wavering faith and tentative hope. STAND YOUR GROUND is the true story of a cry for justice and of tragedy, trust and triumph. A drug deal gone wrong; a passionate blackmail that turned violent; and a kidnapping with the two worst kidnappers in the world. Six Montreal CEGEP students head out on a canoe trip to celebrate their graduation. A web of secrets and lies... a stash of coke and cash... the decaying body of a dead biker... their home video falls into the wrong hands as the beauty of the Quebec bush becomes a nightmare... then it gets worse. A Broadway producer puts on a play with a Devil character in it. Soon the actors begin having nightmares, and events that are mentioned in the play really start happening. A group of teenage ruffians have been using any means to survive on their own in the streets of Chow Kit. But when their friend Tika is raped one day, this group of adolescents have to up the stakes and band together to seek justice and a solution to the problem or more lives will be taken. Meanwhile, on the other side, a former ex-member of the Chow Kit group who has recently been released from prison vows to start a new life, only to find himself dragged back into the past when he agrees to take on one last job for the gang. But when the job goes awry, he must choose between freedom and rotting in prison again. In 2009, the small town of Cohasset, Massachusetts was rocked with tragedy. A 17-year-old high school senior named Collin Mason murdered three classmates. All the murders were videotaped and uploaded to the Internet via bit torrent sites and for three days, the world viewed the murders of these three innocent teens. Through legal action, the parents of the victims were able to remove all footage from the Internet and the town tried to save face by pretending it never happened. Bootleg copies of this footage are still passed around and downloaded through illegal means. The impact of this video is still being felt in Cohasset today. The video has become infamous, and is now referred to as The Cohasset Snuff Film. Sara runs a large country house in the middle of the Pyrenees, away from the hustle and bustle of the city. Her peaceful life is interrupted by the unexpected arrival of her stepmother with whom she does not get along. Her stepmother brings her father's ashes. What at first looks like a reconciliation turns into a nightmare. Vazhakku Enn 18/9 is a 2012 Tamil Crime Thriller film written and directed by Balaji Sakthivel, starring newcomers Mithun, Sri, Urmila and Manisha in the lead roles.Pre-production of the film began in 2008, with the filming commencing in 2010 only,following several delays. Cinematography is handled by Vijay Milton, while noted guitarist R. Prasanna has scored the music. The movie released on 4th May 2012 with very high critical acclaim.The film has highest rating in all medias A volatile, oil-rich Nigerian community wages war against their corrupt government and a multi-national oil corporation to protect their land from being destroyed by excessive drilling and spills.  To seek justice, a rebel organization kidnaps an American oil executive and demands that his corporation end the destruction and pollution.  Inspired by true events, Black November is the gripping story of how a community rises up and takes drastic measures to make sure their voices are heard. Would-be drug dealers are caught between the police and the Mafia. Harry Potter has lived under the stairs at his aunt and uncle's house his whole life. But on his 11th birthday, he learns he's a powerful wizard -- with a place waiting for him at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. As he learns to harness his newfound powers with the help of the school's kindly headmaster, Harry uncovers the truth about his parents' deaths -- and about the villain who's to blame. Set in the bleak underworld of the Hungarian and Italian human trafficking business, the story follows Nora, a young girl taken from an orphanage in Budapest to be sold on the streets of Italy as a prostitute. It becomes a violent race against time, as the authorities fail to track her down, Nora is taken on a nightmarish journey of fear and betrayal. Soon becoming live bate caught in the midst of two warring Mafia families. Her mysterious "transporter" may become her only friend and her only way out. The story of French high-wire artist Philippe Petit's attempt to cross the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center in 1974. A teenage girl is raised underground by a robot "Mother", designed to repopulate the earth following an extinction event. But their unique bond is threatened when an inexplicable stranger arrives with alarming news. A college student finds himself through a trial by fire. A woman trapped in a home elevator is terrorized by a group of vicious hoodlums. Texas filmmaker Kevin Booth delves into a world of deceit and corruption controlled by a drug dealing government who's only allegiance is to its corporate masters. Raul, a tow truck driver in Miami Beach, learns that every choice has its rewards and consequences. Jake is the overnight security guard at a highly-secured Self Storage facility in rural Rhode Island. When his friend's party plans fall through, he invites them to his job site to throw a fiesta of his own. There couldn't be a better location: removed, no people, nothing but party... right? Innocent mischief turns a naughty night of fun into an evening of horror. We soon learn that some things were meant to stay under lock and key and certain places were supposed to be left undisturbed. The kids aren't the only ones at the self storage facility who are looking for a night of fun. A group of bad cops look to dispose of a body that one of them accidentally shot. Former race car driver Brent Magna is pitted against the clock. Desperately trying to save the life of his kidnapped wife, Brent commandeers a custom Ford Shelby GT500 Super Snake, taking it and its unwitting owner on a high-speed race against time, at the command of the mysterious villain holding his wife hostage. A U.S. Army colonel alerts the president of a planned military coup against him. A party held in one of the most haunted houses in the country as a publicity stunt to launch a new liquor company ended with 51 people dead. The police arrived on the scene to find the house on fire. They managed to rescue one person from the blaze, a beautiful model from New York who is not the prime suspect in the murder trial. A camera containing footage from that night was also found in the house and delivered to investigators. This is the restricted footage leaked by a jury member in one of the most infamous murder trials in US history and the first of its kind of include paranormal evidence. It was a nightmare that shocked not only New York, but all of America. The public outcry about the Willowbrook State School for people with developmental disabilities resulted from Geraldo Rivera's expose on WABC after he had entered Willowbrook with a film crew in 1972, using a stolen key. Dale, Kurt and Nick decide to start their own business but things don't go as planned because of a slick investor, prompting the trio to pull off a harebrained and misguided kidnapping scheme. In the city of Ghaziabad, gang war breaks between two rival groups led by Satbir Singh and Fauji. Thakur Pritam Singh, a corrupt police officer, is transferred to the city to handle the situation. After failing to get into the police academy, Chris Potamitis settles for a security guard job with an armoured truck company. After he makes the mistake of mentioning the company's lax security to his best friend, He's unwittingly drawn into an elaborate scheme to rob the abundant amounts of cash being stored on their premises--resulting in the largest cash heist in U.S.history. An innocent man turns fugitive as he reconstructs events that implicate him for a murder and robbery he did not commit. Crunch Calhoun, a third-rate motorcycle daredevil and part-time art thief, teams up with his snaky brother to steal one of the most valuable books in the world. But it's not just about the book for Crunch -- he's keen to rewrite some chapters of his own past as well. Derrill Davis aka Dee Dee lives the life as a professional used car salesman by day and one of Atlanta's most deadly and feared undercover street gangsters by night. He hooks up partner oneway Boobe aka Ray and does a string of crimes that involve robbing, kidnapping and the killing of well-known drug dealers. Prudence and Belisaire Beresford have decided to take things easy. But when a rich Russian heiress disappears, Prudence can't resist and Belisaire is forced onto the adventure. Their investigation will put them on the trail of a mysterious scientist who holds the secret to eternal youth... When a repressed high-school teacher loses his job, he decides to pull his entire life down with it. Within the span of a few days, he will kidnap a teenage student, reconnect with his old high-school crush, forgive an old friend, kill his mother, take on a rabid group of feminists, a movie star, the police and the stifling conventions of his boring small town. A drama, a dark comedy, a love triangle, a crime story and much, much more. An adventure like this could only happen to people who are NOT IN TEL AVIV. When Song Qi stumbles upon her boyfriend's affair with her best friend, her life quickly starts falling apart and she is subsequently drawn into a quicksand of revenge and murder. Though all is not as it seems and Song Qi will have to embark on a twisted journey into her past and the very depths of her own mind Charged. Convicted. Sentenced to Death. Innocent. Follows the 1st death row inmate exonerated by DNA in the US. Fellini exposes his great attraction for the clowns and the world of the circus first recalling a childhood experience when the circus arrives nearby his home. Then he joins his crew and travel from Italy to Paris chasing the last greatest European clowns still live in these countries. He also meets Anita Ekberg trying to buy a panther in a circus. Italy, 1947. Attilio is a Fascist and disgraced former movie star. Out of desperation, he joins a band of robbers for a heist. After the robbery, Attilio and the robbers take refuge in a house that proves to be deadly. Loot is the story for five guys who find quick ways of success and accomplishment in life. It is a quest for quick money and better life. In a place where the crime rates are ascending day by day, Loot draws a reality check on the present security system of the city.  Loot is about relationships: it's about friendship and betrayal. Loot is the real picture of Kathmandu; the city of crime and lawlessness like never explored before. After 25 years of a good marriage, what will Darcy do once she discovers her husband's sinister secret? A boy who dreams of becoming the next Shahid Afridi finds himself down on his luck when the only club he ever knew goes bankrupt. New York City detective Daniel Ciello agrees to help the United States Department of Justice help eliminate corruption in the police department, as long as he will not have to turn in any close friends. In doing so, Ciello uncovers a conspiracy within the force to smuggle drugs to street informants Varg Veum is going to be a father. In a way he could never imagine, life takes on a new direction while he is searching for a missing pair of siblings in the prostitution circles in Bergen. Varg realizes that life will never be the same when he has to make a decision: Let the criminals go free or expose Karin to mortal danger. Four friends -- Pankaj (Naseeruddin Shah), Bobby (Atul Kulkarni), Shakti Chinappa (Ravi Kissen), Albert Pinto (Kay Kay Menon) -- want to rob a lonely house in a lonely stretch of it's Rs 20 crore fake Indian currency... and the very fake note vending machine that lies in there. Just one problem: They have no plan... Set against the backdrop of the 2011 UK summer riots, Jamie, a young female offender who possesses a remarkable voice, meets a determined social worker who inspires her to use it. George Geef gets sent home from work to tend to his cold. A recently deceased man discovers that the afterlife isn't quite what he was expecting. Three stories set on the most dangerous city in the world, Monterrey Mexico:  Max, a hit man from the mob, hunts a guy named Jesus, who is an ex killer looking for redemption; Belinda, a wedding photographer, lives with a man who thinks is a dog; and Roberto, a videographer, who gets involved with the mob. After an American tourist steps on a landmine, he is forced to watch his girlfriend get assaulted. This sequel to the box office hit All for One finds the previously tight-knit trio dispersed: Nikolai is on parole, while brothers Ralf and Timo are planning a heist involving the unlikely combination of unsalted butter, a strict diet and a helicopter. When their seemingly impossible heist succeeds, Nikolai asks to borrow some money to start over. The brothers reject him, but when all three of them are tricked by a fish-loving banking executive, they are forced to team up again. A washed-up musician teams up with a teacher and a kids show personality to protect young children from a sudden outbreak of zombies. The true story of Oscar, a 22-year-old Bay Area resident, who crosses paths with friends, enemies, family, and strangers on the last day of 2008. A lawyer finds himself in far over his head when he attempts to get involved in drug trafficking. Upon being told his doctor's office no longer has appointment reminder cards, 77 year-old Sherman's day is turned upside down, resulting in many innocent lives falling into immediate danger. In this horrifically funny animated film, lives will be lost and things will explode in the darkest and wildest cartoon allowed in the U.S.! A pawnbroker's assistant deals with his grumpy boss, his annoying co-worker and some eccentric customers as he flirts with the pawnbroker's daughter, until a perfidious crook with bad intentions arrives at the pawnshop. A musical Neo-Noir drama where a patsy is set up to take the fall for a kidnapping that leads to murder.  When the money he is paid is stolen, he embarks on a rampage of revenge. All singing, all fighting - FLOST is a throwback to the crime films of yesteryear mixed with the music of Kevin Quain. Inspired by true events, "The Tailor's Apprentice" depicts a struggling father-son relationship in the midst of a drug smuggling scheme. Detroit Winter takes us through a day in the life of Todd, a morally desensitized, wise-cracking jerk. All is right in his world until he hits a bump in the road when Todd runs into his ex-girlfriend. Zambrano is a young criminal with the only hope of joining the legendary prison American football team known as The Dogs of Santa Martha. His hopes end up involving him with organized crime since The Dogs, who are also known as The 4th Company, a squadron of inmates at the service of the administration that controls the jail, its vice and its privileges. Corruption and crime have no limits; they ravage the city with car thefts, bank robberies and other crimes under the auspices of the authorities, the story takes place during the Lopez Portillo presidency and his men. A rookie cop joins the crime branch of the Mumbai police department, and on his first assignment is faced with the dilemma of whether he should shoot a murder suspect who is attempting to escape or not. A former American G.I. joins a yakuza family after his release from prison in post-World War II Osaka. The story of Tom Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn, placed in the years right after the Second World War in Germany. A tale about friendship and courage. Jack is pleased with himself for the first time in years. He has decided to stop fucking anything with a pulse and also to cut back on his eager and enthusiastic drug use. Then his best friend crashes into a moose in the middle of the night on the Swedish border. He is found with a hoof buried in his forehead and 2.5 kilos of cocaine in the trunk. Over the next 24 hours, Jack loses his house, his girlfriend leaves him and takes their daughter with her. And as he is about to find out: when you think you have hit rock bottom, it can always get worse. A house sitter bites off more than he can chew when a dead body mysteriously shows up at the estate he's watching. Home Minister Janardhan Jagirdarand chief Minister Anna Saheb are much concerned over the criminal activities of underworld dons Rawal and Rauf Lala. Rawal is operating from Bangkok while Rauf supervises his gang from Mumbai. The famous Encounter Squad is activated to counter the gangsters and restore peace in the area. The formidable Sadhu Agashe (Nana Patekar) is requested to take charge of the peace-keeping mission. At first he is reluctant but after continuous insistence, he agrees to launch a counter attack against Rawal and Lala Rauf gangs and the action begins. Summer is a typical girl raised by a firefighter father which inspired her to follow his footsteps. She then meets Rael by chance a couple of times. Rael realizes he actually likes Summer but proving this to her is much more difficult and challenging. Dressed as a clown, the clever rascal Grimm holds up the most secure bank of Montreal and takes 30 hostages. While confusing and ridiculing the police with his strange behavior, he calmly manages to rid the bank of a fortune. But then an unsatisfied companion arouses trouble... A young girl is transported into a magical world of gingerbread soldiers and an army of mice.  In Disney's magical take on the classic The Nutcracker, Clara wants a one-of-a-kind key that will unlock a box holding a priceless gift. A golden thread presented at her godfather's holiday party leads her to the coveted key--which promptly disappears into a strange and mysterious parallel world. There Clara encounters a soldier, a gang of mice and the regents of three magical Realms. But she must brave the ominous Fourth Realm, home to the tyrant Mother Ginger, to retrieve her key and return harmony to the unstable world. The makers of this film have spent the past 3 years and traveled to 14 countries interviewing Politicians, Clinical Psychologists from the United Nations, Spiritual Missionaries and have spoken to ordinary people who have faced extreme adversity. And the questions is posed... Where do we obtain our strength and inner power in a time of crisis? Personal stories of ordinary people from Kenya (Post Election Violence), USA (9/11 Attacks), Israel / Palestine (Political Conflict) and UK (Political Assassination) have been projected in this film in an animated form. The final message that goes in the film is: 'No matter how critical the situation of the world may be, but still there is HOPE for Peace... A seemingly random series of bombings in a provincial city. The latest target is a public bus route. Detective Chaya chased terrorists and arrested a mysterious man with keen intelligence and physical power. The psychologist in charge of evaluating him is dr. Mariko. After the psychiatric examination, she puts toward a hypothesis - "Is it possible he was born without emotions?" As Hannah Montana's popularity begins to take over her life, Miley Stewart, on the urging from her father takes a trip to her hometown of Crowley Corners, Tennessee to get some perspective on what matters in life the most.  Black Barbie is a spoken/poetry animation that explores the filmmaker's experience with skin bleaching. The film explores issues of colorism and self image. A criminal waits in a seedy motel and waits for his boss after killing several men to steal a bag. A Wall Street investment banker who has been set up as the linchpin of his company's mob-backed Ponzi scheme is relocated with his family to Aunt Madea's southern home. Paulette lives alone in a housing project in the Paris suburbs. With her meager pension, she can no longer make ends meet. A Foreign Service Officer in London tries to prevent a terrorist attack set to hit New York, but is forced to go on the run when she is framed for crimes she did not commit. A Yakuza hitman travels to North America for his 27th job, only to find lingering memories of lost love through a chance encounter with a beautiful prostitute. Climb inside the mind of a sociopath; an office worker kills his way into management but gets into trouble with his talkative girlfriend and a corrupt detective. Jim Collins has decided to kill his way to the top. He begins by strangling Harry, his manager, one night on an abandoned highway. Complications emerge when, at Harry's wake, Jim learns Gail, his girlfriend, had slept with Harry months ago. Being interrogated by the intimidating detective Scott Hume doesn't help things either. Jim's psychosis kicks into high gear when he decides that Gail, who knows that Jim killed Harry and is going to tell the cop, has to be terminated. A successful human trafficker and dedicated family man is dying, but that's the least of his problems. Documentary Tells Story of Maud Dahme, One of Thousands of Jewish Children in the Netherlands Who Were Hidden and Saved From Nazi Death Camps by Christians. A terrorist attack in London results in the capture of suspect, and the attorney general appoints Claudia Simmons-Howe as special advocate on his defence team. On the eve of the trial, the accused's attorney dies and a new one, Martin Rose, steps in. Martin and Claudia are former lovers--a fact which must remain hidden--and, as Martin assembles his case, he uncovers a sinister conspiracy that places him and Claudia in danger. When Joe Montoya loses his wife in a gang related shooting he vows to stop at nothing to exact his revenge on those responsible. Set in inner city Los Angeles, 5th Street is a tale of violence, love, and revenge. Surya, a juvenile offender, completes his education in prison and upon release embarks on his dream project. However, he has to overcome numerous obstacles to turn his dream into a reality. A political thriller steeped in illegal oil trading, the Russian Mafia, and governmental cover-ups. In their first screen appearance together, Stan plays a penniless dog lover and Oliver plays a crook who tries to rob him and his new paramour. A career officer and his wife work with a police detective to uncover the truth behind their son's disappearance following his return from a tour of duty in Iraq. An office worker is trapped inside the building where a killer is on the loose. Short documentary on the making of Francis Ford Coppola's "Dracula" (1992). Wimpy young executive, Michael is about to get pulverised by a jealous boyfriend in a bar when a handsome, mysterious stranger steps in--and then disappears. Later that night, Michael runs into a stranger on a pier, who wheedles his way into Michael's life and turns it upside down. This outrageously funny look at one man's final moments of bachelorhood stars Tom Hanks as Rick, reluctant recipient of a bachelor bash given by a group of friends who view partying as their full-time religion. Rick's worried fiancee, Debbie (Tawny Kitaen), dresses up in disguise and crashes the party to spy on her future husband. When a Las Vegas bodyguard with lethal skills and a gambling problem gets in trouble with the mob, he has one last play... and it's all or nothing. In rural Indiana, Noah and his impoverished family wrestle with the mysterious return of his now mute sister, Lauren, who was kidnapped and held captive for over a decade. On the same day a burglar wants to kill you and your ex wants to make up - and for the life of it, you can't decide which is worse.  A Mexican-American gangster from Robstown, Texas takes on the mafia on his own, while coming to terms with an age old vendetta. Harde Strenger is about  Bobby, Alex and HK who on day are indebted to the village no.1 asshole "Slegga". Everyone has a way to raise money, these guys have many.  Harde Strenger offers ridiculous situations, dry jokes, action-packed scenes, romantic moments, "raning" and folk music. Some of us grew up on the streets. Some of us never grew up. An indigenous detective returns to the Outback to investigate the murder of a young girl. Max is a handsome young man who, after a fateful tryst with a German soldier, is forced to run for his life. Eventually Max is placed in a concentration camp where he pretends to be Jewish because in the eyes of the Nazis, gays are the lowest form of human being. But it takes a relationship with an openly gay prisoner to teach Max that without the love of another, life is not worth living. Long ago in the Iron Age a shadow loomed over a lonely village. For generations the village youths are stolen from their families and delivered as sacrifice to a mythical beast - the Minotaur, that dwells beneath a great palace. Theo, haunted by the loss of his love in an earlier sacrifice is convinced that the beast isn't real and that his girl still lives as a slave within the palace. His father Cyrnan, the village leader, tries to reason with Theo not to go but Theo is driven by blind rage. He devises a plan and is taken with the other youths who are dragged screaming from their families. Kaufman's Game follows Stanley, an unemployed young man with a passion for boxing, who is keen to improve his strength and stamina. When a stranger approaches him outside the gym with the offer of a specially produced steroid, Stanley is drawn into the ever more violent operations of a powerful organisation, unwittingly entering into a series of tests designed to prove his mettle. This is a film about power, determination and being your own worst enemy. It celebrates the archetypes of classic Film Noir, and the dark, conspiratorial storytelling technique of Franz Kafka, but with a contemporary minimalist aesthetic. A documentary of serial killer Wayne Montgomery and his followers. When one of her hits goes wrong, a professional assassin ends up with a suitcase full of a million dollars belonging to a mob boss ... Financial TV host Lee Gates and his producer Patty are put in an extreme situation when an irate investor takes over their studio. Copper Jack Stone purposefully orchestrates a bank robbery in order to be thrown into prison with the notorious Russian kingpin Balam. Balam is more than just a mob criminal; he's a very cunning and dangerous lord who controls the police force from behind bars. Balam lives in prison as a cover for his real power, which is King of the city. His cell is a lavish private room built specifically for him, inaccessible to most in the depths of the prison structure. Even the warden fears venturing into his area of the prison. However, even surrounded by his loyal henchmen and guards in his sectioned off fortress, Balam doesn't know Jack is coming for him to avenge his family, who Balam murdered in cold blood. Balam is tough... but Jack is tougher. Roberto is a specialist in Criminal Law whose life is thrown into chaos when he becomes convinced that Gonzalo, one of his best students, has committed a brutal murder right in front of the Faculty of Law. Determined to uncover the truth he begins a personal investigation that will soon become an obsession. Private eye Roland Drake cracks cases and romances femme fatales in 1940's Los Angeles while corrupt cop Det Barry Tate rules the city. A tale told in the classic style of film noir. Drake has fallen on hard times in a harsh world. He has been evicted from his office and disgraced by a missing persons case. Ruined in the public eye and with the police. it seems like it's all over for Roland Drake. Then, redemption walks in - with curves. The owner of those curves is a sexy, dark haired beauty named Katherine Montemar. She wants his help. The chemistry is immediate and her concern for the disappearance of her family members pulls him into her case - and into bed. This short begins with the star canine and his owner Penny in peril from "The Man with the Green Eye", trapped within his fortress protected by overwhelming defenses, tied up and suspended high above a bottomless pit that's surrounded by fire. So Penny's father transforms Rhino into a super hamster to save the day. Use of a helicopter to transport an oil-drilling rig to a prospecting site deep in the New Guinea jungle. In this short National Safety Council film, the perfect crime is presented as excess speed. Accidents at high speed often results in deaths and are rarely investigated like the robbery of a corner grocery shown at the beginning of the film. The film ends with a plea to support the costs of new modern roads. When Sanju a master safe cracker teams up with two dangerous criminals to commit one last heist. The robbery is successful and Sanju is given the task of hiding the money till things cool down and the booty can be split. Three months later, the associates return to collect their share of the loot, but Sanju refuses to even recognize them! They realize he enrolled into an accident and is suffering from strong amnesia and decide to stay with Sanju and his wife Neetu until Sanju remembers where he hid the money. What dangerous game is Sanju playing? After she has been dumped by her boyfriend, Pauline allows her sister to take her to a palace on the Italian Riviera.  Instead of savouring the delights of a carefree existence, Pauline prefers to take on the role of an amateur sleuth, convinced that a crime has been committed in the environs.  She ropes a handsome lifeguard into her investigation... This character-driven film considers the evolving sex trafficking landscape as seen by the main players: the exploited, the pimps, the johns that fuel the business, and the cops who fight to stop it. Bernice and Fontayne grew up so tight they could 'go for sisters'. After twenty years apart, they are reunited when Bernice is assigned to be Fontayne's parole officer- just when she needs help on the wrong side of the law. Financial investigator Juan interrogates the employee Jose the prime suspect of internal fraud. Jose reveals the fraud and the people involved. What would a world look like that had a culture and an economic system that places human need above corporate greed, and how do we bring that world into being? Who cares what it is called. Call it Socialism, Call it Real Democracy Now, and Call it Chunky-Monkey-Cherry Garcia. The world needs to change radically, it needs to change dramatically, and it needs to change fast. This documentary is an invitation for you to participate in that positive change. Frankly, because, we need you. Yes, you. The film tells the story of Mauricio Fernandez, mayor of the wealthiest municipality in Latin America, located in the North of Mexico. He presents himself as a polemical figure who takes justice into his own hands in order to "clean" his municipality of the drug cartels' presence. Mauricio is a key character to better understand the present situation in Mexico and through the unusual views of this politician, the audience will be a privileged witnesses of an scenario where political tasks and excessive violence mingle with one another. In 2016, GRAMMY-nominated trio Above & Beyond left the electronic world behind, risking it all to go acoustic. Their new film Above & Beyond Acoustic - Giving Up The Day Job, follows the group's unlikely journey from the DJ booth to the Hollywood Bowl. In 1879, during the Zulu wars, man-of-the-people, Lt. John Chard and snooty Lt Gonville Bromhead were in charge of defending the isolated Natal outpost of Rorke's Drift from tribal hordes, holding out during an Alamo-like siege until they are overwhelmed, losing the battle, but going down in history as heroes. 150 soldiers defended a supply station against some 4000 Zulus, aided by the Martini-Henry rifle "with some guts behind it".  In the hundred years since the Victoria Cross was created for valour and extreme courage beyond that normally expected of the British soldier in face of the enemy only 1344 have been awarded. Eleven of these were won by the defenders of the mission station at Rorke's Drift, Natal, January 22nd to the 23rd 1879. After fighting for their country in the Army, friends Chris and Johnny return to South London only to find their home town has changed beyond recognition. With no jobs the two join local gangs, work their way to the top and become feared hooligan bosses. The only thing that can top war, and threaten friendships, is money and power, but who will stand their ground and come out on top in the violent and bloody battle between North and South? After years of toiling away inside the engine room of a towering locomotive, two antiquated robots will risk everything for freedom and for each other. Struggling artist Min Hee-do is offered three billion won to bet his life to a game against a rich old man, Kang No-sik, who is dying from a terminal illness. The game is for each man to dial a random phone number and guess if the person who answers will be male or female. Hee-do loses the bet, and after a month long brain operation, he wakes up to find that they have swapped bodies.  A professional poker player falls deep into underworld when he takes an unexpected wager from a mysterious high roller. An executive and his girlfriend, a medical doctor, are kidnapped by a couple to pass them to France by car. The kidnappers intended to flee to Rio de Janeiro with the strange idea of   starting a restaurant. She is a simple cook without trouble with the law, but so persistent that manages to convince her husband to elope with her   release from prison for a weekend. Brought up in a criminally corrupt town local psychic Glen Parsons is no stranger to crime but when his beautiful wife and unborn child are brutally murdered and he is left seriously wounded; something snaps.  Detective Lance Steel is a corrupt cop whom uses the badge to exploit the innocent and corrupt. He soon crosses paths with Glen and finds himself battling the xenophobic young man's furore. As more and more bodies show up bearing Glen's mark a relentless criminal investigation is unleashed, entangling Steel and everyone around him.  The gift of foresight was once a tool Glen used to help the desperate but now with a haywire brain the line between good and evil, sanity and insanity blur in a crescendo of blood-splattered violence. Inspired by true events, NOT FOR HUMAN CONSUMPTION follows Jay Trotta (Nick Thurston of DAWN OF THE PLANET OF THE APES), a young man and recovering addict who was recently released from prison. Eager to begin making money, he becomes the a co owner of a new hookah bar. He soon begins making and marketing an incense that is a powerful marijuana like drug, and he sidesteps the law by labeling the product as not for human consumption. Although Jay is making money hand over fist, he becomes torn between his conscience and his pocketbook. When tragedy finally strikes, he must face the moral ramifications of his legal business. Michael Rispoli (PAIN &amp; GAIN, KICK ASS FRANCHISE) co stars. Tells the story of the most prominent bank robber in the history of Mexico, his crimes, his different personalities, his career as a charro with a mariachi band, his getaways and the strange relationship he had with the one who finally came to stop him. Based on the true story of Alfredo Rios Galeana. A biographical drama centered on the rivalry between Formula 1 drivers James Hunt and Niki Lauda during the 1976 Formula One motor-racing season. Several dead bodies have been found in Gothenburg striking fear into the city's population. We follow Goran Lidman who will head the task of tracing the offender. Clues lead to suspicions of an occult group. The former reverend Gabriella, who has her own reasons for wanting to stop the killings, offers Lidman her help. As Lidman embarks on an involuntary collaboration he must reluctantly accept a world beyond his own understanding in order to stop the perpetrator of the killings.  --Simon Kolle, Rasmus Tirzitis Explosive developments - implicating both the forensics laboratory of the police department of North Carolina, and Duane Deaver, its chief - shed new light on the case of murder suspect Michael Peterson. The old friends Oscar and Elias are doing their last term in school and they both struggle to find the road ahead and a brighter future. Although brought up in the same rough neighborhood they have so far applied very different strategies. Oscar is the model student. Elias is caught up in petty crimes. But destiny has another faith for the both of them.Oscar falls madly in love with his attractive teacher Kristina and Elias sets his eyes on the beautiful Muslim girl Zeynep. Lines are crossed a things start to spin out of control. One year after the unresolved murder of his wife, Shinji receives a mysterious message putting him on the right track to find the assassin. He follows his revenge instinct and disappears into the darkness of Tokyo, where he meets Tomoko, a young woman on the lam. During that night, they come across yakuza and lost souls, and their lives change drastically. Fat Cat is a gangster comedy set in Italy and in London. It 's the story of two goofy criminals from Italy that get in trouble with their boss, a schizophrenic and flamboyant crime lord named Mosca, and will struggle to come out of this situation alive. An adventurous woman with a secret from her husband insists they go for a romantic camping trip in a remote wood to reconnect and share some quality time. But their idyll is shockingly cut short after a group of nearby hunters are brutally killed by a mysterious creature. Trapped inside their tent, the couple is forced to help one of the injured hunters and together they plan their escape. Is there really something supernatural hidden in the forest?  Or is it just their imaginations running riot. Soon they must determine if the real threat is inside or outside their enclosure Coming of age story about two inner city youths, who are left to fend for themselves over the summer after their mothers are taken away by the authorities. On September 15, 2009, the State of Ohio tried to execute Romell Broom and failed. Ohio claims it has a right to try again. This film explores the legal and moral questions surrounding this unique case. Two high school filmmakers decide to create the illusion of a haunting on an unsuspecting neighbor. A top fashion designer teaches his trade to inmates at the largest maximum-security prison in the Philippines. They go on a roller coaster ride to stage the most spectacular runway show behind bars. Kill Kapone follows a gang member through the gritty alleys of East L.A. while getting chased all day by his own vicious gang. After fighting his way through an apartment building populated by an army of dangerous criminals and escaping with his life, SWAT team member Rama goes undercover, joining a powerful Indonesian crime syndicate to protect his family and uncover corrupt members of his own force. Lalu is a reckless youth who is willing to do anything for money, even if it means getting involved in the drugs business. The story is about a 12 year old girl who loses her mother in an automobile accident. Her father struggles with the loss of his wife and trying to raise his young daughter who believes her father is partly responsible for her mother's death. Belle's maternal grandfather is a changed man since losing his daughter in the accident. He finds it difficult to have a relationship with Belle since she is a constant reminder of her mother. It is Atticus the new puppy who will change Belle's life and the lives of those who love her Untouched is the story of a reluctant attorney's struggle with inner demons while defending a teenage girl accused of murdering her newborn. When the "Hostess City of the South" is rocked by the horrific crime, Mitchell Thomas III becomes strangely compelled to defend the firm's newest client. Mitch and the girl connect and her circumstances exhume memories that begin to consume him. While his mother (Eleanor) rallies for a quick resolution in order to save the prestigious reputation of the girl's father from tabloid embarrassment, Mitch digs deeper into the Tybee community that hides the secret to the girl's pregnancy. The more he uncovers about his client's history, the more he drinks to escape the demons from his own past. Mitch realizes that in order to save this young woman, he must face the darkest events of his past. He works against his mother and an unforgiving city to acquit the young woman and mend is his own crippling wounds. A mall security guard--and former federal agent--crosses paths with a drug kingpin's enforcer after the guard saves a woman from danger. Paris 1960. DeGaulle determines to end a bitter war in Algeria by granting its independence.  Millions oppose him, including a group of DeGaulle's disenchanted Arm Officers.  In a desperate attempt to save the colony for France, they plan a daring jailbreak of their imprisoned leader.  A network of snitches inform a tenacious detective leading to an explosive three-way cat-and-mouse game among the rebels, the Gaullist politicos and the police. Kota (Satoshi Tsumabuki) hears about an impending 1.5 billion yen gold bar heist from his friend Kitagawa (Tadanobu Asano), a former college classmate, and decides to take part. The gold bar sits in the basement of the HQ of Sumita Bank. Helping Kota and Kitagawa are bank security employee Noda (Kenta Kiritani), a North Korean spy pretending to be a college student (Shim Chang-Min), Kitagawa's younger brother Haruki (Junpei Mizobata) and a former elevator engineer (Toshiyuki Nishida). These 6 men are about to carry the boldest of schemes to bypass the bank's high-tech defense system. While crossing the desert, a frontier scout, Jess Remsberg, rescues Ellen Grange from a pursuing band of Apaches, and returns her to her husband, Willard Grange. He is contracted to act as a scout for an Army cavalry unit. Willard, Ellen, and her infant son are along for the ride, as is horse trader Toller, a veteran of the 10th Cavalry. The party is trapped in a canyon by Chata, an Apache chief and grandfather of Ellen's baby. Willard is captured and tortured. Jess sneaks away and brings reinforcements just in time to save the day. Jess learns that the man he has been hunting is none other than Willard Grange. The unique feature of his film is the actors - they are not professional but celebrities on micro-blogs. Among micro-bloggers in the cast are publisher Zhang Lixian, folk singer Zhou Yunpeng and screenwriter Shi Hang. The film is based on the true story of a Beijing plainclothes policeman named Zhang Huiling, who has been working for more than 10 years in Shuangyushu, a community of Haidian District, Beijing. It depicts the stories of ordinary Chinese people struggling in the metropolis. Bizarre black comedy about 15th-century Paris lawyer Richard Courtois (Firth) who decides to ply his trade in the country, only to find things stranger than he can imagine. His first case turns out to be defending a pig that's accused of murdering a child. And the pig is owned by beautiful gypsy Samira (Annabi), so the idealistic lawyer can fall in love (or lust). There's religion and superstition, there's power struggles, there's ignorance versus knowledge--things sound very modern indeed. A drama centered around the relationship between journalist Michael Finkel and Christian Longo, an FBI Most Wanted List murderer who for years lived outside the U.S. under Finkel's name. Kristen and her son Oliver have just moved into a gorgeous new neighborhood. Recently divorced, Kristen is anxious to help Oliver adjust to the new life and environment. They meet Justin, a handsome and intriguing ex-soccer star who wows Kristen with his good looks and fun-loving spirit. Despite warnings from her ex-husband Jason, she hires Justin as a caretaker for Oliver and offers to let him live in her guest house. But Kristen is being stalked by someone who knows she is new to the neighborhood. Strange and dangerous things begin happening and no one can be trusted. Did Kristen make a big mistake letting Justin into their lives? As an intricate web of lies and deceit unfolds, it's up to Kristen to protect herself and her family (mylifetime.com). Morgan Westin is a teenage wallflower -- who may or may not be responsible for her step-sister's murder. Detective Harold Casey is brought on to the case once suspicion for the crime falls on Joseph, a local drug dealer with whom Casey has a long-unsettled score. When Casey discovers that the killer might be Morgan, not Joseph, he decides to help her get away with murder, so that the "right man" can end up in jail. But is Morgan a cold-blooded killer, an innocent victim, or something in between? Former CIA Operative, James Dial is coaxed back into action to kill a terrorist in London, but it all goes wrong and he is forced into hiding, where he meets and befriends a 12 year old girl. Danko Babic is an ambitious and amoral gynaecologist at Croatia's leading fertility clinic. When his colleague Bantic is appointed as head of the clinic, Babic starts a secret war to overthrow his rival. Distracted by his ruthless campaign he makes series of fatal mistakes that result in the death of a patient. A crooked coroner and a corrupt police officer cover up his misdeeds, while Babic grows increasingly dependant on drugs and alcohol. He begins performing illegal abortions on prostitutes who work for Jedinko, a gangster who controls the local drug and sex trade. Four friends become stranded in Eastern Europe and have to become hit men, prostitutes, corrupt cops, smugglers and more to make it home. The Grand Budapest Hotel tells of a legendary concierge at a famous European hotel between the wars and his friendship with a young employee who becomes his trusted protege. The story involves the theft and recovery of a priceless Renaissance painting, the battle for an enormous family fortune and the slow and then sudden upheavals that transformed Europe during the first half of the 20th century.  Five men break into Frank Wagner's apartment. Frank is able to escape and seeks out the help of Johan Falk. Has someone leaked that Frank is working with the police? Frank and John do not know who knows what and who they can trust. This wrestling documentary covers one of the most controversial managers and figures in WCW, ECW and WWE history! For the first time ever, fans get the full story of the life and career of Paul Heyman. From his beginnings as a ringside photographer at Madison Square Gardens, to becoming a manager at WCW, then heading up the infamous ECW, Paul has his own unique brand of over-the-top, in your face entertainment that has developed him a cult-like following across the globe.  Since joining WWE, Paul has gone on to great heights, including managing Brock Lesnar when he finally broke The Undertaker's WrestleMania Streak in 2014. When the past is too troubling to encounter, his everyday routine is what keeps him sane. While on a grand world tour, The Muppets find themselves wrapped into an European jewel-heist caper headed by a Kermit the Frog look-alike and his dastardly sidekick. Never before seen Super 8 home movies filmed by Richard Nixon's closest aides - and convicted Watergate conspirators - offer a surprising and intimate new look into his Presidency. A US intelligence officer, stationed in Germany, is caught in a political dilemma when the Russians kidnap a young Army private, the son of prominent American businessman. In exchange for the soldier's return, the Russians attempt to barter a trade for an elderly German couple who they want for treason. Munawar Saeed (Abba) is the Godfather to four young men. The five men are living in a low income apartment, sharing comical jokes in the middle of the night. Their intellect is shown through their dialogue but they seem as though they are typical proletarians in their physical appearance. In the midst of the story, violence has erupted in the city and heavy firing has started right outside on their street. A stranger in the increasingly strange city of San Francisco, Japanese crime novelist Aki is unsure of precisely what role she has to play in a real-life murder mystery involving ambiguous MacGuffins and amorphous identities. Unfolding in lonely places such as bookshops and hotel bars, Dave Boyle's moody thriller uncovers exhilarating new takes on genre conventions. Consequently, it's an alluring l'homme fatal who supplies Aki with the breadcrumb trail of clues that entices her into a labyrinthine plot of sinister dealings. In turn, the aging sheriff (veteran character actor Pepe Serna, fantastic in a rare leading role), who should rightfully be riding to her rescue, proves to be equally out of his depth. The game is afoot, the chase is exhilarating and the stakes are perilously high in this inspired neo-noir. On Saturday, May 17th, 2008, police responded to a residence in a remote area of Bucks County, Pennsylvania for the report of a missing person. Upon their arrival, a routine investigation was performed and it was determined that the situation did not require police intervention. When the police returned the next morning to do a courtesy follow up, the house was immediately found to be the scene of a crime. Domingo is happy in his insignificant life until, in an unfortunate accident, he commits an involuntary manslaughter. Tormented by not feeling any guilt, he dives into a spiral of violence hoping to recover it so he can get back to being just a normal guy. Five high school friends skip class in hopes of finding the perfect spot to party. They chose the wrong place. Against all warnings, they break into an abandoned mental hospital, notorious for reports of ghost sightings, satanic rituals and demon possessions. Now, armed only with a camera, they are trapped inside, haunted and hunted by something they cannot stop, reason with, or describe. In a future where MRI technology can read your mind, the trial of the century soon begins when a defendant faces his own memory for a double murder he doesn't remember committing. Welcome to Shanghai. No, not the Chinese megalopolis full of neon and nouveaux riches, but precisely the opposite: an eponymous slum in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan. In the distance, skyscrapers built with oil money tower above the city, but here dilapidated houses are packed along a single railway line. The slum is scheduled for demolition, and now and again a child is killed by one of the freight trains slowly chugging by.  When the German director Veit Helmer arrives in Shanghai to make a feature film, feelings quickly run high. The locals are afraid that he wants to make them look ridiculous. The young Azerbaijani filmmaker Leyli Gafarova succeeds however in gaining the inhabitants' trust and films a choppy, playful portrait of Shanghai in the margins of the feature film production. In the guise of a making-of, she shows intimate fragments of life in the slum, while it's still standing. Stoker Thompson is a 35-year-old has-been boxer. His once-promising fighting career has come crashing to the end. Tiny, Stoker's manager, is sure he will continue to lose fights, so he takes money for a "dive" from a mobster, but is so sure that Thompson will lose that he doesn't tell the boxer about the set-up. At the beginning of the last round of the vicious boxing match he learns of the fix. Meaning of the Interval is an evocative, subjective essay that explores the inherent contradictions of contemporary Japan, from the rituals of Shinto religion to the nation's fascination with Western pop culture. Constructing a densely layered, nonlinear weave of the mythical and the everyday, Velez probes beneath the surface to unearth ancient, often anarchic tensions. In Velez's rich, transequential collage of imagery, emblems of contemporary Japan -- the Bullet train, businessmen and McDonald's -- collide with traditional ritual, from Kabuki and Sumo to Shinto. Defying documentary expectations of a narrative voice, Velez redefines the content through a carefully structured progression of visual and aural metaphors. The "interval" of the title relates to the Japanese concept of "ma" -- the space between things, a source of energy, tension and balance. Casual football hooligan Mike Jacobs is going nowhere in life when he meets old friend Eddie Hill at a football match that turns nasty off the pitch. Under Eddie's tutelage he soon finds himself inducted into the world of credit card fraud, where organised gangs withdraw hundreds of thousands of pounds from cash machines every night. As Mike becomes seduced by the money and women that come with his new lifestyle, the dangers increase and he soon finds events spiralling beyond his control. College girls dressed as hookers for a sorority initiation ceremony are kidnapped by pimps. 16-year-old juvenile offender Ji-gu reunites with his young mom who he thought was dead, and the two try to make up for their time lost. A broken down collegiate football hero gets a shot at stardom during the eleventh hour of LA's nihilistic sub-prime mortgage boom. A vengeful widow is out to seduce the relatives of the man she blames for her husband's death. After making their way through high school (twice), big changes are in store for officers Schmidt and Jenko when they go deep undercover at a local college. But when Jenko meets a kindred spirit on the football team, and Schmidt infiltrates the bohemian art major scene, they begin to question their partnership. Now they don't have to just crack the case - they have to figure out if they can have a mature relationship. If these two overgrown adolescents can grow from freshmen into real men, college might be the best thing that ever happened to them. A man leaves prison after a 15-year sentence and returns to his home district to find that it has changed completely, almost beyond recognition. He will find it hard to adjust to a world that is governed by a totally different set of rules... A retired detective Tony Zarra (Tony Sirico) is pushed into the world of crime after the murder of his younger brother. In this hilarious crime comedy, a gifted 12-year-old boy and three elderly men plan a bank robbery in order to seek revenge on the institution for cheating the youngster after the death of his father. Over the course of one feverish day, a harried narcotics detective and his reluctant partner frantically track down a recently released convict who knows a secret from the past. Chapman is an ex-marine in Brazil's slums, battling the yakuza outfit who attacked his sister and left her for dead.  When nice guy Woodster Carneal (Mitchell Rad) loses his wife, his job and his house he gets extorted into harvesting human organs on demand. With a pair of Brazen detectives (Leah Coffman and Cheryl Duncan) on his trail, Carneal must stay a step ahead of everyone, including the organ brokers he works for. Edmond Dantes's life and plans to marry the beautiful Mercedes are shattered when his best friend, Fernand, deceives him. After spending 13 miserable years in prison, Dantes escapes with the help of a fellow inmate and plots his revenge, cleverly insinuating himself into the French nobility.   The first-ever registered encounter by the Mumbai Police, which took place on November 1, 1982. It's based on a true story. During a hot summer in 1990, a young man, Ray, moves into his aunt's Venice Beach home to find his direction in life. While there, he is befriended by some local criminals, a group of five brothers that soon become his surrogate family. An evening on October 1973, at dinner, Deni rose from the table and said to her family: - I will be back in a while... and she left to join the guerrilla, to the house that the National Liberation Forces had in Nepantla, a town 50 miles from Mexico City. Four months later the army with rifles and grenades assaulted the house. Four comrades and Deni, who was only 19 years old, were killed. When up-and-coming District Attorney Mitch Brockden commits a fatal hit-and-run, he feels compelled to throw the case against the accused criminal who was found with the body and blamed for the crime. Following the trial, Mitch's worst fears come true when he realizes that he acquitted a guilty man, and he soon finds himself on the hunt for the killer before more victims pile up. Justin, a teenager boy, throws himself and everyone around him into chaos when he attempts to break free from his addiction to his thumb. Dr. Mabuse, criminal mastermind - returns in this epic steam punk thriller, in which six interwoven tales document the downfall of Dr. Mabuse and his city "Etiopomar". Joe Rock does a slapstick adaptation of Oliver Twist. After his best friend dies in an unexpected accident, black market dealer Young-gyu decides to wash his hands off his illegal activities and start a new life with his girlfriend Yu-ri. But his dream stalls when he learns that Yu-ri needs money for her father's surgery. To help her out, Young-gyu decides to do the job one last time. His smuggling ring operates out of a boat that runs between Korea and China, picking victims from its voyager pool and harvesting their organs. Meanwhile, a married couple, Sang-ho and Chae-hee, boards Young-gyu's passenger boat heading to Weihai, China. That very evening, just when the boat enters international sea waters where countries' laws cannot be enforced, Chae-hee goes missing and all her pictures and belongings vanishes without a trace. Young-gyu finds Yu-ri on the same ship, and she claims to be the only witness to Chae-hee's disappearance.  This documentary recounts the dysfunctional state of the death penalty in the state of California by revisiting the crimes, arrest, trials and appeals of Lawrence Bittaker, a convicted serial killer who has been on death row at San Quentin since 1981. A weird take on adventures of sophisticated escort service females based Kolkata (Calcutta), India. A non-narrative story, exploring the fun aspect of sexuality of young females. An Independent film, showcasing a few incidents of lives of 5-6 girls, who had come to the profession of prostitution for various reasons. A young and youthful film, tongue-in-cheek approach makes it different from rest of the films made from India. This moving and amusing story is narrated by Derrick J himself and includes plenty of exciting activist footage that makes it clear who the real criminals are - the people calling themselves "government". Police inspector Romano is investigating the kidnapping of a journalist entangling himself into a web of secrets of a business tycoon and the police captain. A teen drama set during the fall potato harvest in a small northern Maine town. A pair of criminals try to track down the kids who witnessed them commit a murder in the woods. Helen, a priest, is approached by scientist Lisbeth with a desperate plea for help. A young man, who has been sent to a high security psychiatric ward after having killed an old couple, has attempted suicide while rambling about God. Having been part of an experiment attempting to humanize inmates by assigning them pets, the young man has suddenly gone ballistic. Fearing that he will attempt suicide again priest and scientist must now confront their mutual animosities while trying to grasp the truth. In a race against time the two women begin a shocking journey deeper and deeper into the sick mind of a young man's soul. After a violent encounter, Roy finds Rocky and sees something in her eyes that prompts a fateful decision. He takes her with him as he flees to Galveston, an action as ill-advised as it is inescapable. He's a low level criminal with no future and just out of prison. She's a low level lawyer never noticed by others, a lost soul without a life. Their anger and hostility makes them serious criminals. Love happens in the strangest of places. Rakugo Eiga is a film featuring Japan's traditional art, 'rakugo' as its theme. It is a modern adaptation of three rakugo tales presented in three short films. Depicts the rise of Bhola Kevat a low cast boatman in the interiors of Uttar Pradesh rising to the unexpected heights of political power. Bandook connects crime and politics, a psychological peep inside the minds of people who use power of gun as a ladder to wordly success, It shows the vast distance covered by human mind from picking a gun to pulling the trigger. A full length documentary film recounting the events surrounding the widely publicized and controversial raid of a Fort Worth, Texas gay bar in 2009. Following a sordid aftermath, Fort Worth would become a leader in LGBT (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender) equality. However, that journey was not smooth and without controversies. Witness history unfold as this film documents that journey from the perspective of eyewitnesses, activists and politicians who helped change the city. Narrated by television icon and Emmy nominated actress, Meredith Baxter. Jannat 2 is a Bollywood crime thriller film and a sequel to the 2008 hit film, Jannat. The film is directed by Kunal Deshmukh, and produced by Mukesh Bhatt and Mahesh Bhatt under the Vishesh Films' banner. Emraan Hashmi, Randeep Hooda, Imran Zahid and Esha Gupta will feature in lead roles. The evil Djinn is back at again, this time wreaking havoc on the students of Illinois' Baxter University. His victim is a beautiful, innocent and studious teenage girl named Diana Collins who accidentally opened up the Djinn's tomb and released him. While indulging his appetite for the grim and gruesome by patronizing a voyeuristic Web site that's based in a house where a serial killer once lived, a hearing-impaired boy begins to suspect that the site's violence is more than just make-believe. Reiko Himekawa (Yuko Takeuchi) is a female detective at the Metropolitan Police Department. Reiko doesn't come from an elite background, but she has risen fast through the ranks with hard work. Reiko than becomes involved in a murder case named "Strawberry Night" due to the mysterious use of those words surrounding the case ... For their bicycle tour to Catmoor, the friends Julian, Dick and Anne, their cousin Georgina, called George, and her dog Timmy have long looked forward to. But the camping holiday in the countryside ends with the kidnapping of Dick, confuse the two underprivileged hoodlums with the same age millionaire's son Hardy. With sophistication and courage, the five friends take on his trail that leads from a mysterious traveling circus to the castle "Owls Nest" where the kidnappers force Dick to coax the clue to a giant emerald. A film about youth, uncompromising rebellion, and love: "The Lovely Rejects" is the story of Cat and Joseph, two young lovers with chronic illnesses who meet while undergoing chemotherapy treatments. Tired of being in debt and battling with health insurance companies, the two go on the crime spree of their lives. A BELFAST STORY explores life after terrorism. Set in a city which has weathered hundreds of years of hatred, 30 years of bombs, and a war without winners, just victims. A new era brings new risks. There is peace, but that can also be deadly. Eight years after the disappearance of Cassandra, some disturbing incidents seem to indicate that she's still alive. Police, parents and Cassandra herself, will try to unravel the mystery of her disappearance. Tommy and Gary are criminals engaging in grand thefts in order to make ends meet. They are opportunists and have no fear. After a routine robbery goes awry, the friends are forced to put their criminal activity behind them. As Tommy's relationship flourishes with his new girlfriend Scarlet, his economic hardships become obvious. Scarlet soon proposes a notion that will make all their money troubles vanish - the heist of a half a million dollar painting. With just a short window of opportunity, Tommy and Gary design an ambitious plan, one that will ultimately determine their fate. Mickey and his friends put together a Choo-Choo train! Suellen, a young girl who lives in a poor community, gets involved in a kidnapping to help her brother. In the process she falls in love for the victim: A young doctor whose life is everything she dreamed of. Legendary secrets are revealed as Aladdin and his friends--Jasmine, Abu, Carpet and, of course, the always entertaining Genie--face all sorts of terrifying threats and make some exciting last-minute escapes pursuing the King Of Thieves and his villainous crew. Naan Avanillai 2 (English: I am Not Him) is a 2009 Tamil romantic mystery film directed by Selva. It is the sequel to the Naan Avanillai (2007). Jeevan reprises the lead role, while the female roles are enacted by Sangeetha, Lakshmi Rai, Shweta Menon and Sruthi Prakash and Rachana Maurya. D. Imman, who did the film score for the first part of the film, replaced Vijay Antony as the music director. The film was released on 27 November 2009 to extremely negative reviews A blind detective, former cop, teams up with a policewoman who admires him to solve the disappearance of a girl friend of hers, years ago. Besides, he helps her to improve her skills as an investigator. Victor receives an unusual proposal, to carry 7 boxes of unknown content through the Market Number 4 but things get complicated along the way. In a small town, a young man gives in to his irrational desire to recreationally murder a stranger. When a cheesy Little Saigon Real Estate salesman attempts to lure new customers by networking at funerals of complete strangers, his life soon begins to spin out of control. He gets sucked into a strange, dangerous world and must decide to stay and fight or withdraw from Little Saigon. The line between reality and fiction starts to blur when two best friends start making a movie about getting revenge on bullies. The film tells about the life of Warsaw Commissioner John Blonda. Asya, Boyana, Iren and Vera are assassins working for S.T.A.R. Will they succeed in finding the killer of their boss? A Wendigo historian stumbles across what might be the terrifying existence of the fabled monster Choppertown is the world's first motorcycle documentary about the renowned hot rod and motorcycle club, the Sinners. Modern day greasers, the Sinners are all about the old school. None of them is old enough to have experienced the hot rod heydays of the '50s and '60s, but still they live on the edge of society chopping cars and bikes and searching for vintage parts to make their "Rat Rods", "Trumps", "Mercs", and "Bobbers" into rolling works of art. Six children genetically cross-bred with avian DNA, complete with wings, take flight around the country to discover their origins. As part of a conspiracy orchestrated by the British intelligence service, a group of Iranian expatriates recruited mainly from Mojahedin-e-Khalq organization plan to instigate riots in the aftermath of 2009 Iran presidential elections. Five transgender women share their prison experiences. Interviews with attorneys, doctors, and other experts are also included. Spring is in full bloom when urban gardener Vicki fights to save her community garden from a handsome real estate developer. Both are caught off guard when it's not just the flowers that are blooming, but also love. Dancer and choreographer Dave St-Pierre is adored by critics and audiences alike. His subversive, innovative works are taking Europe by storm. But his own body is failing him. Dave is 34 and has cystic fibrosis. The average life expectancy for sufferers is 37. His doctors have given him two years to live unless he has a lung transplant. With the sense of urgency growing, his best friend and creative partner, director and actress Brigitte Poupart, turns her camera on the daily life of a man who is waiting for a life-or-death call from the doctor. A call that could come at any moment. United by art and friendship, the two create a space in which creativity emerges as a vital act. Over My Dead Body is an engrossing private diary that accepts neither taboos nor fate. It features testimonials from Dave's friends, loved ones and collaborators, as well as excerpts from his works.  A young actress has retired from films to marry the son of a prominent and rich politician in New York City. The father objects strongly to the marriage. The actress is being blackmailed by a second-rate artist who has stolen some letters from her that could be misconstrued. During the payoff, she is knocked unconscious, and awakens to find herself involved in a murder and the police have her marked as the number-one suspect. Two brothers from southwest Detroit struggle to improve their lives. Unable to afford college and faced with expulsion - and meanwhile supporting his mother - Jason turns to stripping which turns to prostitution, posing a huge dilemma since he has just begun the first true love relationship of his life. Bobby's own drug habit spirals him down into a darker and darker place, exasperated by the re-emerging memory of the horrible childhood secret he shares with Jason. A deadly mistake sets an introspective henchman on a violent crusade against a mid-level crime boss with demons of his own. (IMDB) When Martin and Sol try to solve the enigma of a missing neighbor, they will discover that nothing is what it seems, that your hearing can trick you just like your imagination and that your heart is a double-edged weapon. 10 years after a global economic collapse, a hardened loner pursues the men who stole his car through the lawless wasteland of the Australian outback, aided by the brother of one of the thieves. William Munny is a retired, once-ruthless killer turned gentle widower and hog farmer. To help support his two motherless children, he accepts one last bounty-hunter mission to find the men who brutalized a prostitute. Joined by his former partner and a cocky greenhorn, he takes on a corrupt sheriff. Trapped in a box with no memory, a man must escape his confines before it's too late. As time runs out he comes closer to the truth of his identity. Arthur Goldman is a rich Jewish industrialist, living in luxury in a Manhattan high-rise. He banters with his assistant Charlie, often shocking Charlie with his outrageousness and irreverence about aspects of Jewish life. Nonetheless, Charlie is astonished when, one day, Israeli secret agents burst in and arrest Goldman for being not a Jewish businessman but a Nazi war criminal. Whisked to Israel for trial, Goldman forces his accusers to face not only his presumed guilt--but their own. When Baton Rouge police detective Bud Carter busts contract killer Jesse Weiland, he convinces Jesse to become an informant and rat out the South's most powerful crime ring. A loyal wolfdog's curiosity leads him on the adventure of a lifetime while serving a series of three distinctly different masters. A novice football player is injured in a bar fight and is out of the next tournament. Jobless and with a pregnant girlfriend, he buys an ice cream van and starts his work. Soon a gang of Polish drug mafia starts irritating him. For protection he joins hands with a British mafia involved in football hooliganism. From album A Maze Of Recycled Creeds (2015)  Thrust into an all-new adventure, a down-on-his-luck Capt. Jack Sparrow feels the winds of ill-fortune blowing even more strongly when deadly ghost sailors led by his old nemesis, the evil Capt. Salazar, escape from the Devil's Triangle. Jack's only hope of survival lies in seeking out the legendary Trident of Poseidon, but to find it, he must forge an uneasy alliance with a brilliant and beautiful astronomer and a headstrong young man in the British navy. Mirza - The Untold Story is based on the legendry love story of Mirza and Sahiba. Mirza is being played by Gippy Grewal and Sahiba is played by Mandy Takhar. Mirza and his Sahiba fall in love with each other at a very young age. However, one of her brother's, Jeet (Rahul Dev) disapproves of their relationship and forcefully distances them apart.n Mirza. The tribes of Israel need to defeat the superior might of the Philistines: "Now appoint a king to lead us, such as all the other nations have." (I Samuel, 8:5). And so the prophet Samuel gives the Hebrews their first king, Saul.  Saul, however, has incessant doubts about his mission. The influential prophet Samuel turns away from Saul in order to select a new king according to God's will: David. He is still a young boy, tending sheep in the fields, when, secretly Samuel oints him as the next king of the Israelites. An investigative thriller from Major Ravi, with impeccable actor Mohanlal  as an encounter specialist. The movie revolves around human trafficking, and how the protagonist saves his daughter from the human trafficking racket. When the quiet life of a beach bum is upended by dreadful news, he sets off for his childhood home to carry out an act of vengeance. However, he proves an inept assassin and finds himself in a brutal fight to protect his estranged family. While investigating the murder of her father by her blind younger brother, a young woman disturbs the vengeful spirit of Elizabeth Short, known in legend as "The Black Dahlia".  Someone does a nasty hatchet job on a San Fransisco big noise and the Assistant D.A. takes charge of the investigation. Through a web of blackmail and prostitution involving the Governor, an old lover of the law man emerges as a prime suspect and he has to deal with his personal feelings as well as the case. A story set in the Prohibition Era and centered on a group of individuals and their dealings in the world of organized crime. Parviz has as its increasingly horrifying anti-hero the 50-year-old hulk of a passive-aggressive bachelor son (theater director/activist Haftvan), whose free ride in life screeches to a halt when his miserly widowed father forms a plan to remarry. Shortly after Pearl Harbor, a squadron of PT-boat crews in the Philippines must battle the Navy brass between skirmishes with the Japanese. The title says it all about the Navy's attitude towards the PT-boats and their crews. The Royal Scandal, the war for power and fight for money continues with the return of Saheb Biwi Aur Gangster. Aditya Pratap Singh (Jimmy Sheirgill) is crippled and is trying to recover from the physical disability and his wifes betrayal. The lover cum seductress Madhavi Devi (Mahie Gill) is now an MLA, her relationship with Aditya may have broken to shambles but her relation with alcohol is deep, dark and daunting. Indarjeet Singh, a ragged prince who has lost everything but his pride, pledges to get back his familys respect which was once destroyed by Adityas ancestors. Ranjana is a modern ambitious girl who is madly in love with Indarjeet Singh (Irrfan Khan). The story takes a new turn when Aditya falls in love with Ranjana and forces Birendra (Raj Babbar) her father, for their marriage. In this game of live chess between Saheb, Biwi and Gangster, the winner, the survivor takes it all. 22 Female Kottayam, also known as 22FK, is a 2012 Indian rape and revenge film directed by Aashiq Abu and starring Rima Kallingal and Fahad Fazil in the lead roles. The film deals with the travails of a nurse who was victimised for no fault of hers and who takes revenge on her tormentors in a rather unusual manner. Set and filmed in Bangalore, the film released on April 13, 2012, and received strongly positive reviews from critics. It was also well received at the box-office. The rise and fall of the Essex Boys gang - the drugs, the violence and, of course, the murders. The real story is the most shocking of all. An outlaw biker finds himself addicted to a diabolical substance and hunted by a grenade-tossing femme fatale, bounty hunters, law enforcement, a rival motorcycle gang, mutations and a topless stripper hit squad. When a poor college student who cracks an online poker game goes bust, he arranges a face-to-face with the man he thinks cheated him, a sly offshore entrepreneur. Adapted from the successful novel, Dead in 5 Heartbeats, by Ralph "Sonny" Barger with Keith and Kent Zimmerman. The story follows the Infidelz MC's former President, Patch Kinkade, who has left his personal demons behind for the calm of desert life. When war erupts between his brothers he left behind and the rival Hooligans, Patch rides back into town to either make peace or do battle. In 1957, insurance investigator George Lazarus is tasked with interviewing twelve employees of the Deadly Sin Cigarette Company when his firm receives a suspicious insurance claim. He learns that all twelve had been let go after contracting mysterious illnesses, but before he can report back, Lazarus goes missing without a trace. After his disappearance, his fiancee Bethany and his friend Chip set out to find him - but what they uncover may actually signal the end of the entire human race. In 2012, Casey, a gay teen started a group devoted to the environment and changing the world. In this small Texas town, the haters came out strong against the group accusing them of being a dangerous cult. Casey has a wonderful gift that he sees as a curse. He and his friends flee the small town, leaving the police with video tape clues, blood stained walls, and the testimony of a mentally unstable neighbor to solve the mysterious disappearance of all twelve members of the teen cult called The Tribe. Jim is an average New Yorker living a peaceful life with a well paying job and a loving family. Suddenly, everything changes when the economy crashes causing Jim to lose everything. Filled with anger and rage, Jim snaps and goes to extreme lengths to seek revenge for the life taken from him. After he's shot during a heist in East L.A., an armored truck driver wrestles with rehabilitation and tracking down the man who committed the crime. When Champion City's hero Captain Amazing is kidnapped by the recently paroled supervillain Casanova Frankenstein, a trio of average, everyday superheroes -- Mr. Furious, the Shoveler and the Blue Raja -- assemble a new super team to save him. The film revolves around a local street-racer who partners with a rich and arrogant business associate, only to find himself framed by his colleague and sent to prison. After he gets out, he joins a New York-to-Los Angeles race to get revenge. But when the ex-partner learns of the scheme, he puts a massive bounty on the racer's head, forcing him to run a cross-country gauntlet of illegal racers in all manner of supercharged vehicles. Set in present day Burbank, California and the surrounding San Fernando Valley area, . BENNY BIG-TIME (The BBT) learns his brother has been arrested on suspicion of a few recent bank robberies. With every bit of the life savings he's socked away over the years, The BBT hatches a plan to help out this older brother escape the repercussions of his fate by complicating his own with the assistance of five close friends -- ERIK, DEREK, JAMIE, K.C. and KYLE. The gang have only four days to create a 'red herring' that will throw off the officials and clear The BBT's brother's name by actually robbing a small bank. If all goes to plan, this is enough 'reasonable doubt' in the brother's case to clear his name. The BBT figures to exactly recreate his brother's crime and arm himself with only a few folders of photographs which contain the bank tellers' friends, families, pets, places of residence and ... Written by Doug Maguire "Holland Road, located off NY Route 5 in between the town of Angola and Evangola State Park, is more frequently known as "Pigman Road" and it has been at the forefront of Western New York folklore for decades. Scores of high school students, ghost hunters, and area residents all have their own tales of headless spirits, photographic and audiotape abnormalities, and unusual activity emanating from this mile-long street. With an alluring mix of historical background regarding a train accident and urban legends about a pork-crazed serial killer, Pigman Road has become a rite of passage for anyone in the region wishing to access the world of the unknown." says Joran Zyglis and Jill Gregorie in their article "The Mystery of Pigman Road". 1860. A dark fairytale folklore in the Blue Ridge Mountains of Virginia. The story of a boy, his family hidden from slavery, and his parent's will to protect their freedom at all costs... A serial killer taunts police while increasing the body count on live streaming TV. This movie contains three short stories dealing with the theme of homosexuality. In "A Friend of Dorothy", a woman joins the Navy during the 1950's and discovers lesbianism. In "Mr. Roberts", a teacher in a 1970's classroom struggles with his closeted gay status. Finally in "Amos and Andy", a father wrestles with his own emotional acceptance of a present day wedding between his son and another man. All grown up in post-apocalyptic 2018, John Connor must lead the resistance of humans against the increasingly dominating militaristic robots. But when Marcus Wright appears, his existence confuses the mission as Connor tries to determine whether Wright has come from the future or the past -- and whether he's friend or foe. When Grace is accused of playing a role in a deadly accident, her best friend reaches out from beyond the grave to unveil the truth behind what happened. A look at the lives of two teenage girls - inseparable friends Ginger and Rosa -- growing up in 1960s London as the Cuban Missile Crisis looms, and the pivotal event the comes to redefine their relationship. A skateboarder witnesses his best friend get killed by a local drug lord, and is faced with paranoia wondering if he's next, all while struggling to cope with the death of his friend and tries to settle the score. In a place where killers are celebrated as heroes, these filmmakers challenge unrepentant death-squad leaders to dramatize their role in genocide. The result is a surreal, cinematic journey, not only into the memories and imaginations of mass murderers, but also into a frighteningly banal regime of corruption and impunity. Bonnie and Clyde are reinvented in SCAVENGER KILLERS, where a charming judge and a hot criminal defense attorney go on a maniacal killing rampage. A former child art prodigy and second generation petty thief arranges to buy his way out of prison to spend time with his ailing son, only to be forced to alter his plans and commit one more job for the man who financed his release. When former Green Beret John Rambo is harassed by local law enforcement and arrested for vagrancy, the Vietnam vet snaps, runs for the hills and rat-a-tat-tats his way into the action-movie hall of fame. Hounded by a relentless sheriff, Rambo employs heavy-handed guerilla tactics to shake the cops off his tail. When an evil land baron's limo falls into a sinkhole outside Possum Lodge, lodge leader Red Green is ordered to pay the baron $10,000 or lose his beloved lodge forever. Red considers various money-making schemes concocted by his buddies, but it's his nerdy nephew Harold who hits on an idea that just might save their wood-smoked bacon: a duct-tape sculpture contest in Minneapolis that offers a $10,000 third-place prize. In the early 1980s in India, a group of con artists rob well-known businessmen and politicians by posing as officers of the Central Bureau of Intelligence or income tax officials. The gang stages fake raids during which they steal great amounts of money from their targets. The Culebra and Cabesa, a pair of criminals, decide to take a bank at gunpoint, dressed as penitents. The plan is simple: Get in, get the money, take off all the loot quickly and catch the first flight to Brazil. But things get complicated when a man on his fifties, victim of the economic crisis goes into the bank loaded with explosives, threatening suicide. What would be the easiest shot in history, becomes a nightmare carnival Bugs helps a penguin go home via New Orleans, Martinique, the Panama Canal and finally the South Pole. But the penguin's home is in New Jersey. An ex-narc finds a journal written in code, leading to the whereabouts of a stash of stolen drugs. All is not as it seems when a man, pushed too far, frantically zooms around the city in a '77 Mustang with a beautiful woman on the verge of death in his passenger seat. A deep cover operative awakens to find himself imprisoned on a submarine. With the help of a fellow prisoner and an amateur agent, he must race against the clock to escape the vessel and expose who set him up. Nathalie (Jeanne Heckmann-Adam) is 26 years of age and is the first of her family born inside the country. Having few friends and no boyfriend, her life is somewhat monotonous. It is far from making her happy but it also keeps trouble away.  One day, as a gift, her grand-father gives her the trendiest bicycle of the year! Unfortunately, a group of bike thieves who are also members of the mafia, steal the bicycle away! This situation becomes tragic when her grand-father dies trying to protect the bike.  A couple of days later, Nathalie decides to take revenge.  Without any magic tricks or special powers and with only a knife at hand, she will become a brutal anti-hero angry and without mercy  She will become NATH FURIOUS. Durell and LeeJohn are best friends and bumbling petty criminals. When told they have one week to pay a $17,000 debt or Durell will lose his son, they come up with a desperate scheme to rob their neighborhood church. Instead, they end up spending the night in the presence of the Lord and are forced to deal with much more than they bargained for. In 1989, five black and Latino teenagers from Harlem were arrested and later convicted of raping a white woman in New York City's Central Park. They spent between 6 and 13 years in prison before a serial rapist confessed that he alone had committed the crime, leading to their convictions being overturned. Set against a backdrop of a decaying city beset by violence and racial tension, this is the story of that horrific crime, the rush to judgment by the police, a media clamoring for sensational stories and an outraged public, and the five lives upended by this miscarriage of justice. Satan sends female demons plus his two sons to Earth to corrupt various people. Nicky, an accomplished con artist, gets romantically involved with his disciple Jess but later ends their relationship. Years later, she returns as a femme fatale to spoil his plans. The story is of a small town in the early west and of a 'shooter' of reputation that drifts into it and stands up to the controlling family that runs it. But far from a John Wayne, this hero is caught and brutally beaten and left to die, only to be saved by a prostitute that has also suffered under the hand of this group of desperados. The only one possible to stand up to the shooter is another solitary man who joins with the notorious family although he is deputized as the town's sherif. When a systems engineer blows the whistle on a dangerous technology, Charlie's Angels from across the globe are called into action, putting their lives on the line to protect society. The rough-hewn boss of a lumber crew courts trouble when he steps in to protect the youngest member of his team from an abusive father. Produced by Crazy Racer director Ning Hao, Lethal Hostage revolves around a drug dealer who falls in love with his hostage and decides to quit the business following one final deal. A newly married woman attempts to leave her mentally unstable husband, who gets violent on regular intervals and goes back to her ex-boyfriend. Former Australian Intelligence operative Victoria Dev Ries, lives a quiet life in suburban America where as a single mother she raises her only daughter and trains fighters in her own M.M.A. gym. But when her daughter goes on a camping trip and fails to return, she is forced to go back into action. In 1976, a Mi'gMaq teenager plots revenge against the sadistic Indian agent who imprisoned her in a residential school where rape and abuse are common. In a seaside California town, best friends Mac and Nick are on opposite sides of the law. Mac is a former drug dealer trying to clean up his act, while Nick is a high-profile detective trying to take down a Mexican drug lord named Carlos. Soon Nick's loyalties are put to the test when he begins an affair with restaurateur Jo Ann  -- a love interest of Mac's -- unwittingly leading his friend into a police-orchestrated trap. This is the portrait of two recently released prisoners (Pierrette Robitaille and Romane Bohringer) who learn to live in a sugar shack deep in the forest. A struggling musician falls for a charismatic burlesque dancer while getting entangled with hired guns and a border town gang bent on killing him. Unhinged by his girlfriend's sudden departure, artist Angus begins slipping into a dark layer of reality ruled by a powerful demon. Believing that the key to finding her lies within, Angus plunges deeper into the infernal netherworld. Based on the 1930's comic strip, puts the hero up against his arch enemy, Shiwan Khan, who plans to take over the world by holding a city to ransom using an atom bomb. Using his powers of invisibility and "The power to cloud men's minds", the Shadow comes blazing to the city's rescue with explosive results. A group of rag tag superhero birthday party impersonators are hired by a crime-ridden town to help clean up their streets. The impersonators soon find themselves in over their heads in a hilarious fight for survival. In 19th century Baltimore, Isabel Porter, a girl stricken with grief from her parents' untimely death, voluntarily checks herself into the Rosewood Institute. Subjected to bizarre and increasingly violent pseudo-scientific experiments in personality modification, brainwashing and mind control, she must escape the clutches of the Rosewood and exact her revenge, or else be forever lost. City lawyer Brad Walker (Matt di'Angelo) is having the worst day of his life. His high-maintenance girlfriend Sasha (Anna Passey) has left him for his so-called friend Tom (Christian Brassington) and to add insult to injury, he's been fired too. On a night out drowning his sorrows with old friend Dean (Jeff Leach), he overhears a conversation between Phil (Darren Ripley) and Ben (Stephen Marcus) - two drug dealers working for small-time gangster Jack (Alan Ford) - that will change his life forever... Businessmen Oliver Darcy and Brian Douglas have been quietly embezzling money from their employers for months. When Oliver's daughter is mysteriously kidnapped, the two men take desperate measures to protect their illegal fortune and get the girl back without the help of the police. What begins as a simple plan quickly explodes into a maelstrom of violence and betrayal when a call girl, a dirty cop and a gang of thugs learn of the crime and arrange their own ways of collecting the ransom money. An "Urban American Graffiti" tale of choices, consequences, redemption and faith all woven into a gritty framework of tested relationships. A vampire stripper battles other vampire strippers with the help of a defrocked priest-turned-vampire strip club owner.  Vampire strippers! Just wanted to say that again. Bob Muldoon and Ruth Guthrie, an impassioned young outlaw couple on an extended crime spree, are finally apprehended by lawmen after a shootout in the Texas hills. Although Ruth wounds a local officer, Bob takes the blame. But four years later, Bob escapes from prison and sets out to find Ruth and their daughter, born during his incarceration. Four childhood friends learn to cheat dice games from a heroine addict. They soon learn that the game of dice isn't about how the dice roll, it's about the people you roll with. Air Force Colonel Kenneth Penmark and his wife, Christine, dote on their daughter, Rhoda -- as does their lonely landlady, Monica Breedlove. But self-centered Rhoda has a secret tendency for selfishness and loves to accumulate gifts, whether given or stolen, in her room. Christine keeps her knowledge of her daughter's darker side to herself, but when a schoolmate of Rhoda's dies mysteriously, her self-deception unravels. Recently fired and facing eviction, a new dad has his life turned upside down when he meets a wealthy couple who offer a path to financial security... but at a price. A detective hunts a serial killer who resides within the fashion and modeling industry. Documentary - The Sugar Wars chronicles the life of the Lonardos', the first crime family in Cleveland, Ohio. On his deathbed, Angelo Lonardo comes out of hiding at 90 years old to tell the story of the Cleveland Mafia. -  Michael Cipiti An ex-con is inspired to go undercover and "finger" the mob after finding out his sister is hooked on illegal drugs. Giacomo befriends a man, believing that he is the reincarnation of his dead father. While on a seemingly routine job, a jaded hit man discovers that he's not the only one with his target in the crosshairs. An investigator is dispatched to Varanasi to look into a series of grisly murders. While investigating a smugglers' turf war in Cape Town, township cop Sizwe discovers police corruption. He must set loyalty aside to act with integrity, alone. Algeria region of the high flatlands. As Islamist groups continue to spread terror, Rashid, a young Jihadist, leaves the mountains to return to his village. In keeping with the law << of pardon and national harmony >>, he has to surrender to the police and give up his weapon. He thus receives amnesty and becomes a << repenti >>. But the law cannot erase his crimes and for Rachid it's the beginning of a one-way journey of violence, secrets and manipulation. When a couple sets out to build their dream house, they enlist the services of an uncompromising modernist architect, who proceeds to build HIS dream house instead of theirs. Wanted by the mafia, a New York City bike messenger escapes into the world of parkour after meeting a beautiful stranger. Struggling to find answers to his brother's questionable suicide, a sixteen year old aspiring writer is lured into the underground world of Hong Kong, as the Chinese march their way over the border during the last summer under British rule, 1997. A newly reunited young couple's drive through the Pacific Northwest turns into a nightmare as they are forced to face nature, unsavory locals, and a monstrous creature, known to the Native Americans as Oh-Mah. The story springs from the real-world headlines of religious cults and mass suicides. With Veil, it begins 30 years ago, when members of a religious cult known as Heaven's Veil take their own lives. The truth behind what really happened remains buried deep in the memory of the sole survivor, a five-year-old girl, who returns to the compound with a documentary crew as an adult. They soon discover something that is far more terrifying than anything they could have imagined. After spending 12 years in prison for keeping his mouth shut, notorious safe-cracker Dom Hemingway is back on the streets of London looking to collect what he's owed. An ex- CIA operative is brought back in on a very personal mission and finds himself pitted against his former pupil in a deadly game involving high level CIA officials and the Russian president-elect. Unable to repay their debts, Milan and Victor, best friends and co-owners of a Paris nightclub, are lured into a drug deal that goes bad. Tortured by police, they negotiate their freedom against an overwhelming testimony that condemns their psychotic liaison to prison. Six years later, the men's nightmare begins again when the pyschopath is granted his freedom. Now, not having talked for years, the old friends are united again in order to survive. Mobster Rudy Wright rises to the top of the Los Angeles underworld. A man in front of the elephants at the San Diego Zoo explains what he thinks about them. Small time criminal Jimmy from Malmo, dreams of making it big. All he has to do is to pull off the drug deal of his lifetime with the infamous crime boss Dragan. Things don't go as planned, and suddenly Jimmy becomes a wanted man on the run from the police. He turns to the girl he loves Josephine, and during a few unforgettable summer nights their passion stirs a storm of emotions. Jimmy has to put everything on the line to fulfill his dream, but his past comes back to haunt him. The two lovers have to make a decision that will change their lives forever. When Ricky Miller, a single, quiet 40-year old aspiring writer and manager of Debbie's (think Denny's) and probably the last person you'd notice in a crowd is 'hit by lightning' and meets the love of his life, the beautiful Danita on E-Happily.com, he is catapulted into a relationship online but it's a lot more than what he bargained for - this includes being asked to kill! Hounded by his best friend Seth who thinks no "10" would even go out with a guy like Ricky unless she had ulterior motives (or needed glasses), Ricky starts to get skeptical himself. Turns out, Danita confesses she's actually married to a handsome affable crime novelist and former Rabbi, Ben Jacobs. Is Danita telling Ricky the truth when she says wants to leave her husband but fears for her life if she does? Will Ricky go through with the plan to kill him so he and Danita can live happily ever after? Vic Trevi is an undercover FBI agent positioned to betray the people he calls family. Vic needs to find out the truth about his family before his family finds out the truth about him. Former Hollywood star Reagan Pearce is kidnapped by two men connected to his past while on location in Louisiana. When he wakes up bound and chained in a rundown shack, he soon discovers the real motives of his captors and finds himself in the middle of a twisted scheme with little chance to survive. With no rescue in sight, Reagan must use every ounce of strength he has left to break free and get his revenge. Henry's fiancee Beth kicks him out after discovering his audio recordings of their intimate life and his confession that he may no longer love her. After Beth confides in Charlie, a compassionate stranger, Charlie entangles herself in the couple's lives by helping Henry rehearse the perfect sequence of words that will regain Beth's trust. Charlie and Henry's recordings of imagined conversations become a game where intimacy and identity may be real or imagined. A young ambitious chef gets mixed up with the East End London mob. While showing off his culinary skills, he finds himself trapped. Los Angeles, 1958: a detective holes up in a downtown hotel awaiting killers to come get him. During the course of one night he will meet various occupants of the hotel and the truth of how he came to be in his present situation will be revealed.  Like every day, Marcelo gathers her children on the floor of his ex-wife. As each day play "to see who gets there first" them down the stairs, him in the elevator, a diversion that your ex-partner does not like. But when one day Marcelo plays the downstairs children are not. They are not anywhere. The fear begins to emerge when a phone call will catapult the horror: a kidnapper puts a price for the release of their children Two policewomen from Internal Affairs arrive in a provincial precinct to investigate the death of an Algerian woman who was an informer. One punches, the other eyes, tip top. While investigating the disappearance of teen Aliyah , investigator Herzog comes across her photo on the Internet. This photo leads him to the Black Brothers Movie Studio. Using Dostoevsky type deductive logic, Herzog discovers that the lives of the Studio Boss and that of his own are intertwined with the life of Aliyah. There are several side stories. All the shenanigans that happen behind the Blue Doors of the Movie Studio will keep you amused. This is a Detective Story. Theme is Crime and Punishment. It is definitely a Suspenseful Drama. The Manzoni family, a notorious mafia clan, is relocated to Normandy, France under the witness protection program, where fitting in soon becomes challenging as their old habits die hard. Uptight and straight-laced, FBI Special Agent Sarah Ashburn is a methodical investigator with a reputation for excellence--and hyper-arrogance. Shannon Mullins, one of Boston P.D.'s "finest," is foul-mouthed and has a very short fuse, and uses her gut instinct and street smarts to catch the most elusive criminals. Neither has ever had a partner, or a friend for that matter. When these two wildly incompatible law officers join forces to bring down a ruthless drug lord, they become the last thing anyone expected: Buddies. After his family is brutally murdered for an unknown reason, a computer engineer sets out to find those responsible. Documents the lives of Break Dancers in Guatemala city affected by gangs A retrospective "Making of...." featurette released on the 2009 DVD release of Fritz Lang's Man Hunt (1941). After losing his parents in a car accident, Mukesh stays at his Aunt's house in Delhi. Enrolled in a good for nothing course in college he finds peace by playing chess at the local cemetery, the rest of the times he worries over ways to make a living and taking care of his sisters. 'B.A.Pass' is a story looking at the fatal promise of a new life. When Mukesh meets Sarika 'auntie' at a kitty party, little does he know of the city and it's ways and means to survive. Sarika seduces Mukesh, shy and inexperienced he falls for her. What follows is a twist of destiny, a kind of story that appears in the tabloids as 'heinous acts of crime' Sumon is compelled to grow up in the city's underworld as mafia lord Osman Ali's killer machine. After killing a pregnant woman, Sumon's conscience leads him to defy Ali's order. When an elite assassin marries a beautiful computer whiz after a whirlwind romance, he gives up the gun and settles down with his new bride. That is, until he learns that someone from his past has put a contract out on his life. Nick is excited to discover that he's won a dinner date with his favorite actress, Jill Goddard. But when Jill refuses to honor the contest, he receives an offer he can't refuse: the ability to view Jill secretly via computer. Nick begins watching the unknowing star on her webcam, not realizing that this decision will put both himself and Jill at risk as they enter a terrifying world of cat-and-mouse where nothing-and no one-are as they seem. Murder, Sex, Disney. The town of Celebration, Florida has it all. Built on the southern edge of Walt Disney World by the Disney Company in 1994, Celebration is now home to over 10,000 people attempting to live the perfect life under what they call, 'The Bubble'. For 15 years the peaceful town grew under scrutiny from outsiders and in November of 2010 they had their first murder when a man was beaten with an axe in his own home. In the following investigations, one resident was quoted as saying, 'I never met so many swingers since I moved to Celebration'. Is the bubble beginning to pop? A drama teacher's taboo relationship with an unstable student strikes a nerve in her jealous classmate, sparking a vengeful chain of events within their suburban high school that draws parallels to 'The Crucible'. At one of his many visits to his doctor, hypochondriac George Kimball mistakes a dying man's diagnosis for his own and believes he only has about two more weeks to live. Wanting to take care of his wife Judy, he doesn't tell her and tries to find her a new husband. When he finally does tell her, she quickly finds out he's not dying at all (while he doesn't) and she believes it's just a lame excuse to hide an affair, so she decides to leave him. Documentary - Narrated by acclaimed actor, Mike Farrell, Unlikely Friends documents victims of brutal crimes who through forgiveness unexpectedly become friends with the those who have harmed them the most. -  Mike Farrell Coming 50 years after the release of Space Oddity, the 90-minute film explores the Bowie before Ziggy Stardust, following the period from 1966 when he changed his name from David Jones to Bowie. It includes footage from the BBC Archives including footage of a BBC audition in 1965 of David Bowie and the Lower Third, which included a performance of Chim-Chim-Cheree and Baby That's A Promise. A New York journalist lies when his fake story about a pimp describes a real pimp up for murder. Set during the Dutch occupation of Indonesia, two brothers, who were raised in exile, return home to seek revenge and justice for the murder of their father. Action -  Joe Lenig, Kristin Rodriguez, Nelson Irizarry Lucky Bastard is a "found footage" thriller about a porn website run by Mike (Don McManus) that invites fans to have sex with porn stars. Jay Paulson plays Dave, an eager young fan given a chance to have sex with the fabulous Ashley Saint (Betsy Rue). But everyone gets more than they bargained for in the seemingly mild-mannered Dave... with gruesome results. The film is captured by the "Lucky Bastard" porn cameras for a fresh take on the "found footage" genre The last few years in the life of Armida Miserere, female jail director who committed suicide Pug, a wisecracking 13 year old living on a dangerous Westside block, has one goal in mind: to join The Twelve O'Clock Boys; the notorious urban dirt-bike gang of Baltimore. Converging from all parts of the inner city, they invade the streets and clash with police, who are forbidden to chase the bikes for fear of endangering the public. When Pug's older brother dies suddenly, he looks to the pack for mentorship, spurred by their dangerous lifestyle. Pug's story is coupled with unprecedented, action-packed coverage of the riders in their element. The film presents the pivotal years of change in a boy's life growing up in one of the most dangerous and economically depressed cities in the US. In southwest Turkey, a Dutch woman helps save the lives of illegal immigrants but is forced to confront the unattended needs of those who love her. A mother's only son dies through the carelessness of 4 teenage girls. Unable to live with his death, she sets out for revenge! She and her daughter (played by real-life mother and daughter Scream Queens Terri Lewandowski and Christine Cavalier) begin murdering the girls one by one! On his last night on the job, an unsuspecting LA cab driver gets roped into helping a wealthy investment banker cover up a brutal crime. A powerful Chilean gangster uses everything in his power to stop the woman that wants to kill him, a sexy mercenary known as "the machine gun woman". The staggering sum of cash he offers for her head sets in motion an army of hitmen. And also, by accident, bursts in the life of naive DJ Santiago, a common youth that will have to steel his guts against the underworld, and above all, survive the irresistible - and bloodthirsty - Machine Gun Woman.  - Written by FICV JW now lives in exile and is more than ever determined to find out what happened to his missing sister Camilla. Every trace leads him to the world of organized crime in Stockholm. Jorge is about to do his last score - the largest robbery in Swedish history. But during the complicated preparations he meets a woman from his past - Nadja.  Martin Hagerstrom is chosen to go undercover into the Serbian mafia, in order to get its notorious boss Radovan Krajnic behind bars. When an assassination attempt is made on Radovan, his daughter Natalie is pulled into the power struggle within the Serbian mafia. Documentary - Richer than Frank Lucas. More powerful than the Mafia. He was the biggest drug dealer in America. In 1973 he jumped bail and disappeared with 15 million dollars. He has never been seen again. - Redefining the way LGBT people are shown on screen, Credence tells the story of a family torn apart during the last evacuation on earth after violent storms have made survival impossible.  The story follows 2 fathers' decision to make the ultimate sacrifice to give up all their possessions to ensure the survival of their daughter, and the entire human race. A group of friends are led by circumstances to find themselves at the crossroads of fate. A man recently released from a mental institute inherits a mansion after his parents die. After a series of disturbing events, he comes to believe it is haunted. Consumed by a horrific event in her past, a woman is driven to violent retribution, and soon discovers that there can be no getting even. Her only ally: a meth-making genius who manipulates her for his own ends while she wages a vigilante campaign against a powerful drug lord and his thug army. A detective, investigating a series of grisly homicides, begins to uncover the truth about her, and the role he himself played in her origins. But can he find her in time to stop the killing, and to save her from herself? Boog, a domesticated 900lb. Grizzly bear finds himself stranded in the woods 3 days before Open Season. Forced to rely on Elliot, a fast-talking mule deer, the two form an unlikely friendship and must quickly rally other forest animals if they are to form a rag-tag army against the hunters. Dying of cancer, former thief Charlie Dawson decides to leave his gold to his namesake Charlene, the great grand daughter of his two former partners. Not wanting to steal from family, the two former partners decide to rob Charlie before he dies. They hire a poker playing buddy, the violent loan shark Eddie, to do the job. Eddie decides to kidnap Charlene to convince Charlie to give up the gold, but Charlene's friend Emma gets in the way and is murdered. With the clock ticking, Eddie goes after the gold but runs afoul of Charlene's protective mother. The soccer mom is forced into a violent showdown to save her daughter and get the treasure. Garry Fraser was born into a family of poverty, violence and alcohol addiction on Edinburgh's notorious Muirhouse estate, the same place that inspired the world-acclaimed film, Trainspotting. In this documentary, filmmaker Garry Fraser takes us to the heart of the poor, marginalized community he grew up in. Garry faces up to the damage done by his life of crime, violence and drugs as he works to ensure that his three children have something he never had: a loving, supportive family. Garry found his path out of addiction through poetry and film-making. "Hate Crimes in the Heartland," a feature documentary explores the 250,000 hate crimes committed in America each year through the powerful stories of two crimes committed in Tulsa, Oklahoma - over 90 years apart. Like no other documentary exploring this topic, "Hate Crimes in the Heartland" tells powerful stories of survivors, activists, leaders, and community members. The film explores current and past hate crimes in our nation, asking important questions related to social justice, and portrays the remarkable influence of the media on the justice system. When his brother-in-law runs afoul of a drug lord, family man Chris Farraday turns to a skill he abandoned long ago--smuggling--to repay the debt. But the job goes wrong, and Farraday finds himself wanted by cops, crooks and killers alike. Life could not be better for best friends Neal and Isaac. They just graduated college and landed their dream job with a top investment bank. But when they discover their boss is planning a crooked student loan deal, their lives are thrown into turmoil. Determined to stop the corrupt plan, they concoct a crazy scheme of sex, drugs and espionage resulting in a wildly chaotic adventure. Denmark, 2013. Police officers Carl Morck and Hafez el-Assad, sole members of Department Q, which is focused on closing cold cases, investigate the disappearance of politician Merete Lynggaard, vanished when she and her brother were traveling aboard a ferry five years ago. Inspired by real events, The Last Executioner is the story of Chavoret Jaruboon, the last person in Thailand whose job it was to execute by gun. A rock musician who adored Elvis, but took a 'respectable' job to support the family he loved devotedly, and then constantly tried to reconcile the good and bad karma that came from this decision. A wise-ass on delivery detail ends up on the wrong side of the mob. Recently released from military prison with a dishonorable discharge and a broken heart, John Hidell decides to travel to New York City. However his preparations are complicated by an unexpected relationship. The owner of a seedy small-town Texas bar discovers that one of his employees is having an affair with his wife. A chaotic chain of misunderstandings, lies and mischief ensues after he devises a plot to have them murdered. An aspiring Hollywood actress working on her first feature--a no-budget horror flick oddly crewed by enthusiastic teenagers--and a cowboy on a mysterious job arrive in the small border town of Del Rio, Texas, each with their own very clear agenda. When the starlet's film director and the cowboy's associate both fail to appear, however, there's nothing to do but wait and see. Dusty Del Rio quickly becomes a strange way station where time seems to stand still and things are not what they seem. A Blitz mother confronts a home truth. Charlie Trevor and a girl Savannah is a thought provoking action/thriller about reality verses the dream state. Trevor has been having nightmares about his girlfriend Savannah. He begins to question what is true in his present life verses the perception in his waking dream. Even though this film can come off dark our goal was to express a universal message that can seem complicated, but is as simple as exploring the Mind, Body and Soul. Once we are able to accept these 3 traits of ourselves, we will realize this balance is just the beginning to life and self-discovery to the higher being. But, it first starts with Love, Trust and Faith. Meet, Charlie, Trevor, and A Girl Savannah When a beautiful and mysterious woman bursts into the office of Leo Falloon, desperate to find her missing brother, it's just another day in the life of a hard-boiled detective. The problem is, Leo's not a detective. He sells novelty advertising across the hall from the detective, but how hard can it be? After budget cuts and personal demons forced him off the streets of San Pedro, Detective Nick Terry's beat became the classroom, where he patrols the minds of the people in his beloved hometown. Locked up for a minor crime, 19 year old JR quickly learns the harsh realities of prison life. Protection, if you can get it, is paramount. JR soon finds himself under the watchful eye of Australia's most notorious criminal, Brendan Lynch, but protection comes at a price. In 14th Century England, this tale of murder and mystery follows a fugitive priest who falls in with a troupe of actors. As they Arrive in a small town, the actors encounter a woman bing sentenced to death for practicing witchcraft and murder. Discarding the expected bible stories, the actors stage a performance based on the crime. Through the performance of the play, they discover a mystery. Fight everyone and trust no one: it's the code of survival practiced by martial-arts master Casey Bowman after his life of domestic bliss is shattered by a savage act of violence. Vowing revenge, the fearless American stealthily tracks the killer from Osaka to Bangkok to Rangoon with the help of a wise and crafty sensei. His only clues: a series of victims whose necks bear the distinctive mark of strangulation by barbed wire. Fighting to avenge as well as to survive, Casey must sharpen his razor-like responses and take his battle skills to the next level, even using deep meditation to fake his own death. His target: the sinister drug lord Goro, who is flooding the streets with deadly meth cooked at his remote jungle factory. To prepare for his ultimate confrontation, Casey must finally become an invisible warrior worthy of the name Ninja. But just when his prey is cornered, an unexpected twist shows Casey that his battle is only beginning: he truly can trust no one. F. Scott Fitzgerald's novel is brought to life in this story of a movie producer slowly working himself to death. The Gang of the Jotas is a wacky take on the famous suitcase mixup at the airport. Nils and Didier are arriving to the South of Spain to play in a badminton tournament. A mysterious and manipulative woman is also coming in to set things straight with the Spanish mafia. When they meet to exchange suitcases, all three of their lives are going to be turned upside down. Although Nils and Didier would never dream of becoming her sidekicks, they agree to tag along. Against all odds, they are going to become first class hitmen ... or maybe not. An unmarried 40-year-old woman turns to a turkey baster in order to become pregnant. Seven years later, she reunites with her best friend, who has been living with a secret: he replaced her preferred sperm sample with his own. A hate-crime has been committed in a the small city of Braxton, N.Y. Five migrant laborers have been beaten, shot, then ditched. This will upset the delicate balance of an ethnically diverse populace. A publicist for a racy burlesque troupe romances the daughter of the head of The Purity League, an organization that wishes to see such shows banned. A complete copy exists at the Museum Of Modern Art. This fascinating documentary explores the collaboration between Marion Mahony, the first registered woman architect in the world and the longest serving designer in Frank Lloyd Wright's practice, and husband Walter Burley Griffin. Their struggle with unyielding bureaucracy, the philosophies that underscored their life and work, and their passionate commitment to an architecture that expressed a balance between society and the environment and an affinity between the human spirit and the natural world. The film weaves together their personal and professional lives, drawing on archival and contemporary footage of their work, an extensive collection of photographs, the couple's own correspondance and writing, and interviews with prominent architects, social historians and the people who knew them. A night guard at an armored car company in the Southern U.S. organizes one of the biggest bank heists in American history. Four men are each looking for a way out. Their fates collide one night. A pair of working class stiffs kidnap the son of San Francisco's most feared gangster only to find out that the father doesn't want him back. On the lonely back roads of rural Australia a deadly secret from the past awaits returned soldier Sergeant Ben Cross. Vincent Malek, a cruel and uncompromising killer forces Ben to play his deadly game. Relentlessly hunted through unforgiving terrain, Ben must draw on all his strength to survive, and unravel the truth along the way. The ultimate psychological chase film with revenge at its core, The Backpacker is a thriller in the same chilling vein as the late 60's box office sensation 'Deliverance'. As Malek hunts Ben relentlessly through his forest hunting ground in a gruesome game of cat and mouse, the action revolves around one crucial question: how far would you go for revenge... Boozer, skirt chaser, careless father. You could create your own list of reporter Steve Everett's faults but there's no time. A San Quentin Death Row prisoner is slated to die at midnight - a man Everett has suddenly realized is innocent. An aging criminal is double crossed by his partner and sentenced to 15 years in prison. After escaping he seeks revenge. A story about a homeless teenager Chuma and her relationships with police. Set in the Balkans, this story concerns a bored journalist, Nora (miroslava) who is ordered by her boss (Wagner) to follow up a mysterious advertisement placed by Dr Ling (Linares Rivas). Ling turns out to be a misshapen creature who, rejected by his peers, has become the stereotypical mad scientist, here specializing in plastic surgery. He falls in love with Nora but fearing she will betray him he resuscitates a young man who committed suicide, Ariel (Navarro) by transplanting a new brain into him, and order him to fetch Nora so that he can kill her. Against a backdrop of magnificent landscapes and epic tableaus, banal conversations take place between characters who are comically oblivious to their surroundings.  In the late 1990s, a drug-addled nihilist resorts to murder to climb the ladder of the London music industry. Amber St Clair, orphaned during the English Civil War and raised by a family of farmers, aspires to be a lady of high society; when a group of cavaliers ride into town, she sneaks away with them to London to achieve her dreams. This is a documentary film chronicling the brutal Honour Killing of Banaz Mahmod, a young British Kurdish woman in London, killed by her own family for choosing a life for herself.  A kitten who is being tormented by a bulldog finds a savior in a black cat (from the "Black Cat Bad Luck Company") who merely has to cross the dog's path for something very unlucky to happen to the bully. In the winter of 2011, after a controversial election, Vladimir Putin was reinstalled as president of Russia. In response, hundreds of thousands of citizens rose up all over the country to challenge the legitimacy of Putin's rule. Among them were a group of young, radical-feminist punk rockers, better known as Pussy Riot. Wearing colored balaclavas, tights, and summer dresses, they entered Moscow's most venerated cathedral and dared to sing "Mother Mary, Banish Putin!" Now they have become victims of a "show" trial. The true-life story of a crazy-in-love Queens couple who robbed a series of mafia social clubs and got away with it... for a while... until they stumble upon a score bigger than they ever planned and become targets of both the mob and the FBI. When someone murders his beloved cat, Clinton, an adult child, demands justice. Taking it upon himself to solve the case, he teams up with an unlikely ally, Greta, and the two set out to find the culprit lurking in their small suburban town. But as Clinton searches for the truth, he begins to uncover a conspiracy that goes far deeper than he anticipated. Leon, the top hit man in New York, has earned a rep as an effective "cleaner". But when his next-door neighbors are wiped out by a loose-cannon DEA agent, he becomes the unwilling custodian of 12-year-old Mathilda. Before long, Mathilda's thoughts turn to revenge, and she considers following in Leon's footsteps. Chris is a once promising high school athlete whose life is turned upside down following a tragic accident. As he tries to maintain a normal life, he takes a job as a janitor at a bank, where he ultimately finds himself caught up in a planned heist. Affable hit man Melvin Smiley is constantly being scammed by his cutthroat colleagues in the life-ending business. So, when he and his fellow assassins kidnap the daughter of an electronics mogul, it's naturally Melvin who takes the fall when their prime score turns sour. That's because the girl is the goddaughter of the gang's ruthless crime boss. But, even while dodging bullets, Melvin has to keep his real job secret from his unsuspecting fiancee, Pam. The Immigration Paradox takes a critical and in depth look at one of the most divisive issues in human global history-immigration. After encountering an immigrant crossing the Arizona desert, Emmy Award Winner and Filmmaker Lourdes Lee Vasquez set out to understand why people would risk their lives to come to the U.S. Her quest takes a shocking twist when she musters enough courage to cross the line at a protest and has an encounter with whom she believed was her enemy. From there on her journey, spanning 7 years searching for answers and solutions to this complex social issue, takes her and the audience to places never before considered in the immigration debate. A hard-luck limo driver struggling to go straight and pay off a debt to his bookie takes on a job with a crazed passenger whose sought-after ledger implicates some seriously dangerous criminals. LITTLE BUDDHO is a dark ethnic comedy about Montenegrin teenager who is sent to Serbia in order to evade blood-feud caused by his father's reckless behavior. Little does he know that even greater dangers await for him. In Belgrade he will face both the avengers who went after him and this metropolis' very own nightlife and foxy ladies. And in cities like Belgrade - women and nightlife can be deadlier than a bullet. People of Montenegro are known for their specific mentality and system of values, not unlike Sicilians, Corsicans or Cretans.  In what would cause a fantastic media frenzy, Clifford Irving sells his bogus biography of Howard Hughes to a premiere publishing house in the early 1970s. In the frenetic underbelly of Los Angeles, Agent Maxwell closes in on an international cocaine smuggling operation run by criminal mastermind Vincent Camastra. When Agent Beverly Royce goes undercover with the drug dealers and finds herself deeper then she can handle - the case becomes personal for Maxwell who has to combat ruthless killers and dirty cops in an all-out action filled finale to bring the criminals to justice. Two crooks looking out for a drug lord's love interest scramble to find a look-alike after she dies unexpectedly.  Abbas Ali (Abhishek Bachchan) lives in Chandni Chowk, New Delhi with his sister Sania (Asin Thottumkal). They are legally fighting for an ancestral property-- land case. But the odds turn against them and they lose. Their well wisher, Shastri Chacha, advises and convinces them to migrate to his village Ranakpur where he assures Abbas that he will get him a job at his owner's place. The owner being none other than the powerful Prithviraj Raghuvanshi (Ajay Devgn). Abbas enters Ranakpur village and while saving a child trapped inside a temple, he breaks open the lock of an ancestral temple but fate plays an important twist in Abbas' life as the whole village including Prithviraj's step-brother Vikrant opposes Abbas' actions but Prithviraj arrives and handles the situation. An artist faces public outrage as she struggles to mount a large-scale exhibition of paintings based on a police poster of missing women, 26 of whom are found murdered on a serial killer's farm. The bonds of brotherhood, the laws of loyalty, and the futility of violence in the shadows of the US Mexico border gang wars. A drug dealer sells his soul to the devil to become the top drug dealer on the block. here is a bunch of four friends (Varun Sandesh, Sundeep Kishan, Naveen and Rakesh) are desperate for quick money. The only way of making money is to rob a bank. They devise a plan and get into a bank wearing masks and carrying fake guns. They take the money and are about to escape. A surprise followed by police round-up leads to a complicated situation. The rest of the story is all about how these four turn virtuous and victorious at the end Puck has been invited by her tutor at the university to celebrate midsummer at his secluded cottage on an island together with a group of friends, among them Einar Bure. Puck and Einar are having a secret relationship, and he is the reason she says yes to the invitation. Having been out on a romantic spree with Einar, Puck finds one of the female guests murdered. Einar contacts his friend Christer Wijk, but upon Christer's arrival, the dead body has disappeared. The contact with the outside world is broken when the island's only boat goes missing. They are trapped on the island - and someone among them is a killer... Publisher Will Randall becomes a werewolf and has to fight to keep his job. Charlie is a French-Canadian man involved in cross-border drug trade in Northern Ontario. After he decides he wants to leave the industry, his boss sets him up to force him to stay. A British propaganda expert goes to Hollywood to solve a CIA murder mystery - but his cameraman has other ideas. A study in family dysfunction, this crime story revolves around a series of interviews with inmate, Joel Stabler, who is being examined by a psychiatrist charged with determining whether Joel is fit to stand trial. Anders Breivik took the lives of 69 people on Utoya Island and 8 people in the downtown Oslo explosion. Quinn Forte had it all: power, money, a brother who idolized him, and a woman who loved him. He also had enemies. In the course of one night, he loses everything. Betrayed by someone in his inner circle, Quinn is set up and arrested. His father, the patriarch of the criminal empire is killed and his brother suspects that Quinn is behind it all. When he's released from jail he tries to escape the demons from his past, but that becomes an impossible task. Campbell, the ruthless new leader of "The Company" won't let him leave in peace. So instead of escaping them, Quinn fights back. He joins forces with his former henchman and friend, The Swede, and takes on his enemies head on. A grieving doctor is being contacted by his late wife through his patients near death experiences. A struggling motel owner and her daughter are taken hostage by a nearly blind career criminal to be his eyes as he attempts to retrieve his cash package from a crooked cop. A group of thieves reunite five years after a failed heist to determine what went wrong and who is to blame as they attempt to recover the missing loot. Starring: Max Casella (The Sopranos, Blue Jasmine, Inside Llewyn Davis) and 4x Tony-nominated actor Danny Burstein (Boardwalk Empire). Based on a true story, "House On The Hill" is a true crime melodrama with strong horror elements, chronicling the outrageous 1980s murder spree of serial killer Leonard Lake, who would target, kidnap, rob and kill people - and even whole families. Sonia, the only survivor of Lake's killing spree, teams up with a private investigator to help him locate a woman who disappeared into Lake's compound. In the process, Sonia recounts the horrors of the house, where Lake and his accomplice would force her to videotape the killings. For Pablo Escobar family is everything. When young surfer Nick falls for Escobar's niece, Maria, he finds his life on the line when he's pulled into the dangerous world of the family business. Eight years after fleeing the Congo following his assassination of that country's minister of mining, former assassin Jim Terrier is back, suffering from PTSD and digging wells to atone for his violent past. After an attempt is made on his life, Terrier flies to London to find out who wants him dead -- and why. Terrier's search leads him to a reunion with Annie, a woman he once loved, who is now married to an oily businessman with dealings in Africa. Susie Q was going to a dance one night when she and her boyfriend got into a car crash and fell off a bridge. Years later, a teenager named Zach Sands moves into Susie's old house. Zach's father died in a car accident so his family is his mother and his sister, Penny Sands. One night, Zach sees Susie, and she discovers that he can see her. Then Susie explains to Zach, there is a Heaven. But after death people are sent back to Earth to help their families. And sometimes when they can't help by themselves, they get special help. And that is why Zach can see her. So that he could help her family. In fact, Zach is the only one who can see Susie. And on the way, Zach falls in love with Susie. Is their love divine? Alien Boy: The Life and Death of James Chasse is a feature length documentary film about one mans struggle with schizophrenia and the extraordinary brutality that ended his life. It is the story of a city in denial that was forced to face the truth and learn, grow and change as a result. Alien Boy explores issues of impunity, police brutality, and mental illness. A humble housewife becomes an assassin for money, gaining self-confidence and rebuilding her life. The UFC has been breaking records and shattering expectations for 20 years -- this documentary traces the history of the company Mitraillette is 12 years old and lives in Rose City, a housing estate he would not leave for anything. His whole world comprises his family, especially his 16 year-old cousin Isma, who has taken a fancy to Narcisse, the local crime boss. His older brother Djibril is 22, a student at the Sorbonne who dreams of becoming a lawyer. As for Mitraillette, he has his eye on Oceane, the most beautiful girl in his school... 14 year-old The Orphan only wants to meet the notorious vigilante The Bad Samaritan, but when she comes face-to-face with her idol she finds he's a little further away from being the fatherly-figure she was hoping for as he threatens her serious GBH. Although he might have something to do with the fact The Orphan has just punched and mugged a woman of her handbag. Pistol in hand she is able to fend him off but she can't shake of the obsession she has as she sees from her TV he is becoming more than just a lone psycho in a mask. In a world where words such as 'peace' and 'justice' have different meanings The Orphan decides to go to one of his 'secret meetings' and face 'the hero of the people' one last time. Eddie is a very rich man who has everything he wants; money, family, success. But a car crash is all that needs to make him reconsider the life he leads. Searching for the happiness he lost, he remembers his one time lover, Gwen. Meanwhile his wife conspires to take his fortune. Ahmed Sakr is one of the best news photographers in Egypt, he always puts himself in the right place while the most dangerous events happen, his wife got killed while she was with him and no body knows the killer, he goes on a journey to know the killer until he finds an antique camera that changes the course of the events, the camera doesn't just shoot the present, it shoots the past... or maybe the future? Investigative journalist, Jeremy Scahill is pulled into an unexpected journey as he chases down the hidden truth behind America's expanding covert wars, and examines how the US government has responded to international terrorist threats in ways that seem to go against the established laws of the land. A rising Boston gangster (Ben Barnes) endangers those around him when he starts to make moves without the knowledge of his boss (Harvey Keitel). Colonel Casey discovers what appears to be plans by General Lloyd to use fake military excercises to assist Jack Giddings in his plans to remove President Foster from office. Colonel Casey, and President Foster must find evidence that there is a coup planned and stop it, before it takes place. Unfortunately, there isn't much time Katelin Ballantine, a struggling movie producer in search of an investor, reluctantly follows the promise of money into Dublin's drug underworld where she witnesses a botched murder attempt. Forced to finish the job, she is blackmailed into killing for Edmund Murren, a small time, ruthless drug supplier hell bent on becoming top dog. Two years later, Katelin has put a who's who list of drug bosses six feet under and uses her producer role to maintain a low profile. But, when a seemingly simple job unexpectedly spirals out of control, and her identity becomes known to Murren's remaining ambitious and vengeful rivals, she is cut loose. Now the target, and with family in the line of fire, Katelin must adapt to survive the onslaught of the drug underworld as the thin veil masking her double life slips away. The small city of Tarker's Mill is startled by a series of sadistic murders. The population fears that this is the work of a maniac. During a search a mysterious, hairy creature is observed. This strange appearance is noticed once a month. People lock themselves up at night, but there's one boy who's still outside, he's preparing the barbecue. In October 2009, the filmmakers went into an abandoned psychiatric hospital to explore the 'haunted' institution, famous for its radical treatment of patients with mental illness. Electroshock, insulin therapy, and lobotomies were commonplace. Once inside, the filmmakers quickly discovered that they were not alone. This short film shows how the war department utilizes a Ph.D., a chimp, and three dogs to help design aptitude tests for men applying for work. Trying to find inspiration for his next horror novel, Blake retreats to the Appalachian Mountains with his mistress, Angelica. Upon arrival they learn about the case of several missing boys in the area. When Angelica follows a lead to one of the missing boys and disappears, Blake becomes a prime suspect. After losing his memory in a traumatic accident, a government agent, Ian Tesh, must reconnect with his family and track down a criminal who is infiltrating the government intelligence agency. A woman awakes after a savage attack orchestrated by her former lover to discover that she has severe amnesia. She must elude the assailants before they can finish her off. When you become a detective in Warsaw Indiana - you go to Poker Night, where you play against some of the best cops in the business. They tell you stories about their time on the job - their successes and failures. When new Detective Stan Jeter leaves the game, he is caught by a vicious psychopath and locked in a basement. Using the stories he heard at Poker Night, he must match wits against his captor - and save not only himself, but the young girl trapped in the basement with him. Like Seven and Usual Suspect, Poker Night combines thrills and twists and turns that will leave you guessing till the very end. A babysitting uncle tells his charges three horror stories--about a killer witch, Little Red Riding Hood and a werewolf, and a story about "Goldi Lox" and the three bears. A veteran soldier returns from his completed tour of duty in Iraq, only to find his life turned upside down when he is arbitrarily ordered to return to field duty by the Army. January 2010: In the buckle of the Bible Belt, 10 churches burn to the ground in just over a month igniting the largest criminal investigation in East Texas history. No stone is left unturned and even Satan himself is considered a suspect in this gripping investigation of a community terrorized from the inside-out. Families are torn apart and communities of faith struggle with forgiveness and justice in this incredible true story. Control is the biography of Joy Division lead singer Ian Curtis, taking his story from schoolboy days of 1973 to his suicide on the eve of the band's first American tour in 1980. A common man who transforms into a gangster revolts against the very system he once obediently followed by declaring war on the police, the government, and the industrialists. Barney Thomson, awkward, diffident, Glasgow barber, lives a life of desperate mediocrity and his uninteresting life is about to go from 0 to 60 in five seconds, as he enters the grotesque and comically absurd world of the serial killer. In 1986 Michael Morton's wife Christine is brutally murdered in front of their only child, and Michael is convicted of the crime. Locked away in Texas prisons for a quarter century, he has years to ponder questions of justice and innocence, truth and fate. Though he is virtually invisible to society, a team of dedicated attorneys spends years fighting for the right to test DNA evidence found at the murder scene. Their discoveries ultimately reveal that the price of a wrongful conviction goes well beyond one man's loss of freedom. A brave warrior fights to restore peace to a town riddled by crime, one sword at a time, in this historical action saga. Blowtorch is the Brooklyn story of Ann Willis, a recently widowed and financially struggling, mother of three. When her oldest son is murdered, she inexorably takes the investigation into her own hands. Sam &amp; Fordy run a credit card fraud scheme, but when they steal from the wrong man, they find themselves threatened by sadistic gangster. They need to raise PS5m and pull off a daring diamond heist to clear their debt. Coward is a 28 minute film set during World War 1 that brings to light some of the brutal treatment soldiers received for suffering what would now be known as shell-shock. It follows two cousins, Andrew and James, from their home in Northern Ireland who join the British Army to fight for their Country and make their families proud. Through their eyes we see the reality of life on the front lines. When obscenely rich hedge-fund manager James is convicted of fraud and sentenced to a stretch in San Quentin, the judge gives him one month to get his affairs in order. Knowing that he won't survive more than a few minutes in prison on his own, James desperately turns to Darnell-- a black businessman who's never even had a parking ticket -- for help. As Darnell puts James through the wringer, both learn that they were wrong about many things, including each other. Over a series of video chats, a teenage outcast reaches out to his childhood friend, but finds that behind the veneer of popularity and a seemingly perfect life, she hides a disturbing secret. A Newspaper Man wants to be a detective ! A semi-autobiographical account of a move from Sri Lanka to Britain, which explores "being inbetween East/West, mother/father, male/female". The filmmaker was born in Sri Lanka and brought up in the traditions of European culture and Roman Catholicism. He moved to England to live and work, and the film, which combines drama and documentary, is a personal account of his "negotiation of his personal history". Detective Robert has his own office, a trench coat, a Bogart hat and Downs syndrome. The only thing he is missing is a case. But then a lady comes to his rescue. A grisly murder perpetrated by a deranged killer, Jake Johnson's wife and daughter were murdered by a Psychotic vigilante only known as The Laughing Mask. As the police look for clues and the body count begins to rise, Johnson will play a dangerous game in order to avenge his family' death. Originally a law enforcement tool, the mug shot has deviated from its fundamental purpose as a source of criminal identification. It has been sensationalized through celebritydom, exploited by the leniency of freedom of information, and has captivated the attention of the art world. Mugshot explores the personal stories of those whose lives have been transformed by these iconic photographs. Two strangers find their lives colliding in an impossible way. Alex is a methodical cargo thief working for a dangerous cartel. Sam is a determined paramedic trying to save the world while running from her past. A small town investigator's memories about a tragic love for her music teacher always come back.  After the town is shaken by a teenage girl murder, where the main suspect is her ex-lover, investigator is taking the case. 19-year-old Eric, arrogant and ultra-violent, is prematurely transferred to the same adult prison facility as his estranged father. As his explosive temper quickly finds him enemies in both prison authorities and fellow inmates -- and his already volatile relationship with his father is pushed past breaking point -- Eric is approached by a volunteer psychotherapist, who runs an anger management group for prisoners. Torn between gang politics, prison corruption, and a glimmer of something better, Eric finds himself in a fight for his own life, unsure if his own father is there to protect him or join in punishing him. Harsha Vardhan is out to avenge his wife's murder. But it will be a tough job when Alexander, the police officer of the city, is very cautious of what is happening around. Desperate to pay the bills and come through for their loved ones, three lifelong pals risk it all by embarking on a daring bid to knock off the very bank that absconded with their money. The tranquility of a small town is marred only by sheriff Tod Shaw's unsuccessful courtship of widow Ellen Benson, a pacifist who can't abide guns and those who use them. But violence descends on Ellen's household willy-nilly when the U.S. President passes through town... and slightly psycho hired assassin John Baron finds the Benson home ideal for an ambush. In 15-years the Black Mafia Family, or BMF as they were called, made close to 300 million dollars trafficking cocaine from Atlanta to Los Angeles. In the Hip-Hop music industry they created a front company called BMF Entertainment, which was a perfect mix of drugs, violence, and street cred that makes their story Hip-Hop's version of the Godfather. This film explores the story of the 15-year investigation by the DEA, FBI and an elite drug task force called HIDTA, which resulted in 41 defendants across the country being charged in one of the largest drug conspiracy cases ever. The rise and fall of gang lord Joe Sante.  A crime boss (Steve Cochran) appears before a Senate subcommittee; flashbacks tell his story. After a grizzly-bear poacher named Hanaghan kills her fiance and fellow Fish &amp; Wildlife Deptartment officer, Julie Clayton sets out to track the killer down and discover why the FBI is keeping its case secret from her. She is joined in her quest by Rollins, a police detective fresh out of alcohol-dependency rehabilitation. When a mysterious train accident forces a man to change his plans, he is confronted with a series of choices. Each decision he makes leads to a different scenario, each one filmed by a different director with a different cast. Seven policemen, seven deadly sins, a murder case, secrets and the filth of everyday police work: Traffic Department transports the viewer into the darkest Warsaw streets. Marta's case is particularly significant because it breaks many stereotypes about gender violence. For one she never suffered physical abuse before the attempted murder and she does not come from modest or marginal family. As she says: 'There is no profile for battered women and it can touch anyone.' She also is a strong woman and a fighter who is not afraid to criticize the ineffectiveness of institutions. For me as a man was also very important to approach the male and try to find out what happens inside a violent man and what leads him to violence. In this sense i found the work of the therapist Harald Burgauner, who is one of the most prestigious specialists in Austria, of particular interest. After being released from prison, a man known as The Rambler stumbles upon a strange mystery as he attempts a dangerous journey through treacherous back roads and small towns en route to reconnecting with his long lost brother. Two friends go on the run after committing a robbery together the night before. One of six 2017 Regal Short Film Showdown finalists. A divorced dad and his ex-con brother resort to a desperate scheme in order to save their family's farm in West Texas.  All Excess is Avenged Sevenfold's first DVD which was released on July 17, 2007. The DVD includes a documentary with footage dating back to 1999, four live performances, along with four music videos, and several out-takes.  The DVD was created to portray how Avenged Sevenfold started in a unique way different from typical mainstream band DVDs. This was done by giving the viewer a look into the thoughts of, the relationships between, and the background of the band. The suffocating love between between a father and a son who, as modern outlaws, struggle to survive in the depleted and neglected southern Dutch province of Limburg. When Gino meets racing driver Benedicte, it's love at first sight. But Gino has a secret. The kind of secret that can endanger their lives. Based on the novel Low Company. One of the most peculiar film noirs of the 1940s stars Barry Sullivan as a small-time hood who suffers a mental breakdown as his big plans begin to crumble. Beautiful Belita is the slumming society girlfriend who only fuels his paranoia. The Dope wakes up after his victory, but now the leader of The Martial Art Mafia is out for revenge... and he's got a new trick up his sleeve! On a college campus in modern America, ideas that have long been neglected as "issues of the past" emerge as racial tensions and frictions grow between different student groups.  Susan Applegate, tired of New York after one year and 25 jobs, decides to return to her home town. Discovering she hasn't enough money for the train fare, Susan disguises herself as a 12-year-old and travels for half the price. Caught out by the conductors, she hides in the compartment of Major Philip Kirby, a military school instructor who takes the "child" under his wing. The story about a boxer and a police in the forest following the traces of evil forces. A man looking for the release of a long-time prisoner takes a police officer, his daughter, and a group of strangers hostage. Lunch Break features 42 workers as they take their midday break in a corridor stretching nearly the entire shipyard. Inspired by a bad fall on a patch of black ice (that ultimately resulted in Brakhage's need for eye surgery), the filmmaker gives us something of a dreamlike descent through the fear and refractions of closed-eye vision regarding such an event. Dark thriller that follows the exploits of a psychopathic real estate agent. Keen young Raymold Avila joins the Internal Affairs Department of the Los Angeles police. He and partner Amy Wallace are soon looking closely at the activities of cop Dennis Peck whose financial holdings start to suggest something shady. Indeed Peck is involved in any number of dubious or downright criminal activities. He is also devious, a womaniser, and a clever manipulator, and he starts to turn his attention on Avila.  Ellen Burstyn interviews Hubert Selby Jr. Jake is a neurotic young man who is persuaded by his friend Sean to leave his hometown to live in the big city.  Sean is an eccentric poet who survives by swindling inexperienced customers on Craigslist.  Upon arriving, Jake finds that Sean has disappeared and - alone, jobless, homeless, and broke - he struggles to fit into the city's bleak, nocturnal landscape. Through riveting phone conversations the details of Jake's strained relationships with distant friends, former lovers, and forgotten family are revealed. Three hours outside of Addis Ababa, a bright 14-year-old girl is on her way home from school when men on horses swoop in and kidnap her. The brave Hirut grabs a rifle and tries to escape, but ends up shooting her would-be husband. In her village the practice of abduction into marriage is common and one of Ethiopia's oldest traditions.  Meaza Ashenafi, an empowered and tenacious young lawyer, arrives from the city to represent Hirut and argue that she acted in self defense. Meaza boldly embarks on a collision course between enforcing civil authority and abiding by customary law, risking the ongoing work of her women's legal aid practice to save Hirut's life. Seagal stars as mob kingpin Mr. Alexander, an old-school boss who rules his criminal empire with both nobility and brutality. For a simple prison hit, he sends his best enforcer and protege Roman Hurst (Foster). When the hit goes wrong, Hurst is forced to pay the price of his failure: banishment in the city that he almost once ruled. But a war is brewing for the soul of the city between Alexander, a cold-blooded gangster known as 'The Iceman" (Rhames) and a merciless Mexican cartel. Hurst, with the help of an ex-con restaurant owner (Trejo) who has a few hidden moves of his own, will rediscover his own will to survive the coming conflict and to wreak vengeance on those who have wronged him. A young British soldier must find his way back to safety after his unit accidentally abandons him during a riot in the streets of Belfast. A young nurse is kidnapped by a group of violent teens who escape from a mental hospital and take her on the road trip from hell. Pursued by an equally deranged lawman out for revenge, one of the teens is destined for tragedy and horrors that will destroy his mind, moulding him into a monster named Leatherface. A look at how a painter and a successful actor spend their last day together before the world comes to an end. What is happening to him? And more importantly, why is it happening? The deeper Ben digs, the more questions there seem to be. Based on a true events a girl fights for her live on the Road - Tears Of Souls -chased by a gang of slave traffickers. When a small town foul-mouthed drunk with an artistic gift for thievery is entrusted with his young niece for the summer, the question is not if he is ready for the task at hand-- but is she? In the summer of 1969, Bernard, a Gaspesian fisherman's son, arrive in Perce to fin work. He meets Paul, Jacques and Francis, Quebec Independence activists who have come to open the 'Fisherman's House'. They aim to organize public conferences and offer lodgings to young travelers. A motley crowd of Quebecers from all over the province soon flocks to Perce: artists, hippies, rockers, hitchhikers and the like shake local authorities. Bernard is won over by the trio's ideas and gets increasingly involved in their project. The following year, the will join the Front de liberation du Quebec (FLQ) and play a pivotal role in the Summer Crisis 1969. In Matringen, a small Swabian village, everybody knows Uwe, an outsider and notorious barfly. When Uwe witnesses the murder of the local beauty queen Susi Berger, nobody really takes him seriously. Left alone with his suspicion, Uwe starts investigating on his own. Step by step he starts to uncover the dark truths underneath the small-town idyll. A psychiatrist tries to put her life back together after a violent attack by seeking to repair the life of a new patient, but he has his own terrifying history. Deputy Officer of the United Nations Alliance, Simon Marcus, who aims to conquer the world with the terrorist organization Downfall along with the mad scientist Keiji Uraga, attack the Kamen Riders with overwhelming strength. It is only on Kamen Rider Grease that the enemy's abilities did not work. In order to defeat this new enemy and rescue Misora, Kazumi Sawatari must create a new item ... but it is told that it requires the  life of his friends, the Three Crows. The ultimate decision must be made. Sebastian (Hendler) meets Natalia (Bertuccelli) when trying to steal an important piece of art from a museum, and she wins the hand. Rivals declared, the two have to work together later in a robbery more complex: a valuable and unique bottle of Malbec from Bordeaux in the mid-nineteenth century, listed as one of the best wines in the world and jealously guarded in the vault of a bank, in Mendoza.  In a world full of glamor, between vineyards and mountains, the thieves will have to display their magic, but while preparing discover theft, each to his own, that nothing will be as thought With his cop companion shot and killed by terrorists, Reno The Dog pairs up with tough cop Jake in thwarting the criminal organization. A mad scientist turns himself into a half-man, half-bird monster to avenge the death of his ancestor. An old firm leader returns to Green Street for Revanche after receiving a call that his little brother was killed, but is he able to cope with a new type of hooliganism and can he find his killer? Persuasive viewpoints of over 1,700 architects and engineers who believe the unsettling theory that scientific forensic evidence points to explosive controlled demolition of the three World Trade Center skyscrapers on September 11, 2001. Two young women on the lam for a murder they didn't commit become lovers, and Detroit's Most Wanted. Abandoned by his father, he was a reform school kid with nothing going for him and a giant chip on his shoulder. He joined the Marines, but never stayed far from trouble. Then he discovered acting - and the woman who would be with him for most of his meteoric career. He was Steve McQueen, one of Hollywood's highest paid stars - and one of its most difficult, most rebellious and, when he wished, most charming. His story is told with film clips from his greatest performances, including The Magnificent Seven, Love With The Proper Stranger, The Cincinnati Kid, The Reivers, The Great Escape, The Thomas Crown Affair, and Bullitt. Also shown are home movies - and the recollections of those who knew him best, including Steve's first wife, Neile McQueen Toffel and their children, Terri and Chad, fellow actors Chuck Norris, Karl Malden, Don Gordon, as well as directors, producers, agents and the racing buddies who saw it all happen. Narrated by James Coburn. A mashup of three different movies about the infamous Amy Fisher case. Set in the year 2020, Shiori Genbo (Ayame Gouriki) runs the large corporation Funtom. Shiori is also a descendant of prestigious noble family Phantomhive of England. As a descendant of the noble family Phantomhive, Shiori solves difficult cases which are ordered by the queen. In order to take revenge, Shiori makes a deal with Butler Sebastian (Hiro Mizushima). Their deal involves Butler Sebastian protecting Shiori until her revenge is fulfilled and then Sebastian will consume her spirit. The conclusion to The Prophecy Trilogy. Once again, Christopher Walken returns as the Arch-Angel Gabriel. As the War in Heaven and on Earth rages on, Pyriel, the Angel of Genocide, rises to power, intending to destroy all of mankind. The only one who stands in his way is Danyael, who was born of an Angel and a woman. RANDOLPH BRIGGS is an ex-cop living in Port of Spain, Trinidad. After being drummed out of the force for unjust reasons he now works as a taxi driver on the grave yard shift.  He's a loner who cruises the streets at night in a city plagued with crime and violence. A serial killer posing as a taxi driver also prowls the city at night stalking young female victims.  Stripped of his official authority but burdened with a need to protect the innocent, Randolph Briggs eventually makes the ultimate decision to follow his instincts and Escape From Babylon. Mickey and Pluto go fishing. Pluto has a run-in with a clam, who eventually lodges in Pluto's mouth; Mickey thinks the clam is Pluto's tongue and can't understand why Pluto keeps begging for more food. After they get rid of the clam, Mickey's attempts to use his minnows as bait are thwarted by a hungry seagull; he brings his friends, and they chase our heroes away. Martin and Daniel are inseparable friends. One is a bureaucrat who seeks to overcome every day, even though deep down he knows he will never leave his office desk. The other is a womanizer unstable without goals, but with a mathematical gift. TRINIDAD - King Curtis, a vagrant on the streets of Port of Spain, is constantly ignored by passersby. He speaks and if he has to - sometimes shouts the truth about the stories behind the newspaper headlines. As the conductor of our story, King Curtis introduces us to a young man named Charlie...  Charlie, a resident east of the lighthouse, is trying his best to stay on the right path. However, with no job in sight, he is finding it hard to say no to other "opportunities". A chance of redemption presents itself when Dinah, a professional streetwalker, crosses his path in need of help.  As the story unfolds, King Curtis reveals the ripple effect created by a person's decision making; leading to moments of triumph and moments of tragedy.  'God Loves The Fighter' is a feature film. Set and filmed in Trinidad, W.I. A young boy uses his video camera that he got for his birthday to spy on his mother's boyfriend, who's plotting a crime. Mix in a nosy neighbor, jealous fiance, shady maintenance man, a UPS driver with a heist gone horribly wrong and you're bound to have some drama. Being a police officer in this big-bad city called Mumbai can be quite some task. Mumbai, contrary to the other parts of the country, works on its own unique little philosophy... Documentary of war atrocities with newsreel footage of concentration camps. An ageing judge's use of the death penalty comes back to haunt him. The real-life story of eight Pakistani terrorists, who sail to Mumbai and wage war on the populace for the next 24 hours. When JD is fired from his dull desk job his old buddies promise him the best vacation of his life. He can't refuse this one-time opportunity and travels to the sizzling heart of Thailand. Together with Gordon Goldman and John Walker he ends straight up in the city of sin: Pattaya. Soon the hooker count stacks as high as the amount of alcohol in his blood and JD gets more and more frustrated that his body isn't coping too well with the heat. His situation doesn't get any better when his buddies go away on some important business leaving JD alone in the land of a thousand smiles. Not knowing much else than ordering alcoholic beverages, JD soon drinks till he passes out. When he wakes up, he's in the middle of the jungle and can't remember anything from the night before. And while fighting his way back to civilization, he gets more and more tangled up in an ordeal he understands nothing of. Go behind the scenes of the infamous duo MC Randumb &amp; Jewish Dave for the most controversial rapumentary ever made. A look at America's lust for violence and fame. After being hypnotized by his sister in law, Tom Witzky begins seeing haunting visions of a girl's ghost and a mystery begins to unfold around her. On a dark Mongkok night, May, the cousin of Dai Tin-yee (Dominic Ho), was gang-raped to death by Med King (Deep Ng) and his men. The furious Tin-yee, together with his buddies, Ho-Nam(Him Law), Chicken (Oscar Leung), Pou-Pan (Jazz Lam) tracked down Med King to revenge May's death. As Med King was under the wing of Ugly Kwan (Sammy Sum), a leader of the Hung Hing triad, Kwan gave orders to get rid of Ho-Nam by all means.... Danny is a young cop partnered with Nick, a seasoned but ethically tainted veteran. As the two try to stop a gang war in Chinatown, Danny relies on Nick but grows increasingly uncomfortable with the way Nick gets things done. A feel-good, heart-warming film set in Yorkshire in 1977 about an adolescent boy's big summer after leaving school. It's about a boy and a dog, class and ambition, first love, and above all, family. When a spate of eerie murders erupts across HK two troub/emaking cops are assigned to the case. Young maverick Wang and grizzled vet Huang who is fed up with his reckless younger partner always landing them in hot water. Reaching a dead end after discovering all the victims were former boyfriends of aspiring starlet Liu, the detectives must play a deadly game. One of them must go undercover as Liu's lover to lure the killer out. Crime and suspense After years of toiling away inside the engine room of a towering locomotive, two antiquated robots will risk everything for freedom and for each other. A young man learns to relinquish responsibility for the things which are beyond his control, and to concentrate on those things which are not. Serial Killer Henry Sparks fall in love with his childhood sweetheart Detective Prospect Jenkins who is after him. Salma is not happy with her husband Jamal due to his drug addiction. Zaryaab tries to keep Jamal in this habit because he set some goals for himself. Zaryaab cannot achieve his goals without the help of Saieen. Jamal cross all the limits to get drugs regularly. Years after the institutionalizing and abandoning of their mentally unstable daughter, the Kilpatrick family becomes victim to mental instabilities of their own as their past comes back to haunt them. Ryan, a well-intentioned, young police officer with a troubled past, is just out of training when a Senior Officer singles him out as a perfect candidate for an undercover sting. Ryan is transformed into Max, a young criminal with a force-ten temper who infiltrates a notorious gang of bank robbers, headed by the enigmatic and elusive master-thief known only as "The Monopoly Man".  Struggling with his identity, Ryan is drawn closer to the gang and finds himself crossing the line to the point of no return as he takes part in their biggest heist yet. When the gang are caught and locked together in a cell, with rumours of a "snitch" in their midst, Ryan must maintain his criminal persona just to stay alive. Advertising man Roger Thornhill is mistaken for a spy, triggering a deadly cross-country chase.  Dubbed the "Five Tigers", Malaysian actors Melvin Sia, Henley Hii, Hero Tai, Rayz Lim and Billy Ng portray secondary school students who end up joining gangs for different reasons, including protection from bullies, financial problems, power struggles and various other temptations. A student at a private school uses his connections to establish a drug trafficking network. Follows five people intertwined in the legal and law enforcement world of LA as the story of a beaten woman, her missing tooth and their motives are revealed. Crime Drama starring  Brian William Woodward, Richard Douglas, Lloyd James  Living behind the shadow of her mother, Kristin falls in love with Shane, an aspiring musician, whom she soon discovers to have something innately in common with her. Three assassins deal with life, love, addiction and trust as each tries to find the answers to a better life. Together, they prove to be the most trustworthy in this tangled web of murder, greed, friendship and betrayal. A young couple need easy money. A few friends join them to plan a kidnap, but nothing goes right when some of them go after revenge and betray each other.  Two cops with very different philosophies must give-and-take when it comes to following the rules, or risk an all-out gang war. A raw, noir-tinged urban legend set to the cadence of slam poetry and the beat of street dance, Burn It Up Djassa signals the arrival of an exciting new artistic movement from Africa's Ivory Coast. It's the hope that sustains the spirit of every GI: the dream of the day when he will finally return home. For three WWII veterans, the day has arrived. But for each man, the dream is about to become a nightmare. Captain Fred Derry is returning to a loveless marriage; Sergeant Al Stephenson is a stranger to a family that's grown up without him; and young sailor Homer Parrish is tormented by the loss of his hands. Can these three men find the courage to rebuild their world? Or are the best years of their lives a thing of the past? An assassin forges an unlikely partnership with one of his targets: a woman seeking revenge for the murder of her family. Upstanding community leader Nils has just won an award for "Citizen of the Year" when he learns the news that his son has died of a heroin overdose. Suspecting foul play, Nils begins to investigate, and soon finds himself at the center of an escalating underworld gang war between Serbian drug dealers and a sociopathic criminal mastermind known only as "The Count." 'THE UPPER FOOTAGE' is the first film experience of its kind. The film is an edited version of 393 minutes of recovered footage documenting a young girl's tragic overdose death and subsequent cover up by a group of affluent socialites. What started as a blackmail plot played out over YouTube, became Hollywood's biggest drug scandal, turned into a heavily controversial film property that was rumored to be held by some of the biggest names in Hollywood. Now, after playing itself out in the media for 3 years it is finally making its way to the public. Step aside Dirk Gently, there's a new private eye in town. There's no case too big, too small or too odd for Young Gun. The frizzy haired, wispy moustached, Hawaiian shirted PI takes his work seriously. Pay no mind to his tarted up secretary/taskmaster or to the fact that his master of gadgets also happens to run a sex shop. Ignore also that his choice of attire hints at a deep admiration for MAGNUM PI. When you hire Young Gun the job gets done. Los Angeles Police Department detective Russell Poole has spent years trying to solve his biggest case -- the murders of The Notorious B.I.G. and Tupac Shakur -- but after two decades, the investigation remains open. Jack Jackson, a reporter desperate to save his reputation and career, is determined to find out why. In search of the truth, the two team up and unravel a growing web of institutional corruption and lies. Three struggling room-mates unknowingly become potential prey of a ruthless gangster The mid-70's: A timid young New Yorker leads an uneventful life until he is fatefully exposed to the pulsating rhythms of a brand-new genre of music....disco. Unable to control his murderous impulses that stem from a traumatic childhood experience, Duane Lewis transforms into a dangerous serial killer exiled to Montreal. An assassin teams up with a woman to help her find her father and uncover the mysteries of her ancestry. Mike Regan is a successful, self-made man who has it all: a gorgeous wife, a beautiful teenage daughter and a sleek, state-of-the-art "smart home". But he soon finds himself in a deadly, high-stakes game of cat-and-mouse when his I.T. consultant, Ed, starts using his skills to stalk Mike's daughter and endanger his family, his business, and his life. In a world where there is no privacy, and personal secrets can go viral by the click of a mouse, Mike needs to rely on his old connections to defeat a new kind of nemesis. The story is about faith and religious believes. A crime drama directed by Ruben Maria Soriquez. Max and Annie's weekly game night gets kicked up a notch when Max's brother Brooks arranges a murder mystery party -- complete with fake thugs and federal agents. So when Brooks gets kidnapped, it's all supposed to be part of the game. As the competitors set out to solve the case, they start to learn that neither the game nor Brooks are what they seem to be. The friends soon find themselves in over their heads as each twist leads to another unexpected turn over the course of one chaotic night. Having been imprisoned for his part in the Watergate scandal, Charles Colson undergoes a religious conversion. Following the mysterious death of a fellow hiker, four friends hauled up in a remote cabin begin to recall their strange encounters with a smiling man whilst out on the trails. Paul is a down-on-his-luck screenwriter who picks up a drifter and offers him a place to stay. However, when the deranged stranger takes Paul hostage and forces him to write, their unhinged relationship brings buried secrets to light. The year is 1975, the place is Mahim, Bombay, and this is the story of Tikku, a eunuch, the only child of yesteryear Bollywood actress Nazneen Begum, who has fallen upon hard times, is virtually destitute and is dependent on Tikku, who does make-up/hair-dressing of Bollywood actresses. When she passes away, Tikku is beside himself with grief. After the funeral, he witnesses a woman leaving a child in a garbage bin. A resentful 14-year-old girl is drawn into a seemingly innocent friendship with an older man, but the relationship turns sinister. On The Job is about the ambitions and passions of four men trying to make a living, for themselves and their families. It shows the parallels between two prison inmates who are contract killers, and the two agents of the law investigating the murders. As they get caught in a web of machination of corrupt government officials, their jobs lead them on a head-on collision against each other with their loved ones as collateral damage. A man is released from prison to help American and Chinese authorities pursue a mysterious cyber criminal. The dangerous search leads them from Chicago to Hong Kong. BET RAISE FOLD: The Story of Online Poker is a feature documentary that follows a new generation of Internet poker professionals during the meteoric rise and sudden crash of the multibillion dollar online poker industry of the 2000s. After the mysterious death of his Aunt, a confirmed skeptic lawyer, Bryan Becket, dismisses reports that her house is haunted and moves in. Immediately occurrences begin he cannot explain. And beyond the occurrences there is something about the house which gnaws at Becket - some strange connection he senses he has with the house's past. Soon, the haunting turns personal. Detectives are called to investigate a string of serial killings. Someone or something is killing people and driving locals into paranoid delusions with eyewitnesses saying it's a Sasquatch. The detectives discover that some legends are better left alone. As the world descends on London in 2012 for the Olympic Games, a very different kind of competition is taking place in the streets and alleyways surrounding the Olympic Park.  Described as a tale of local hoods 'stealing the hearts and souls of their own', it follows a group of local chancers who decide to, one way or another, cash in on the Olympic Games.  2K, a DJ from the area, returns from a kind of exile to reconcile with his father, only to find himself drawn into a world of criminality, deception and violence in the shadow of the Olympic development. Capital punishment is a subject that evokes passion from friends and foes alike. But, few consider the effect it has on those whose actual job is to terminate a life--the executioners themselves. Delving deeply into the spiritual, psychological, and philosophical dichotomies within and surrounding capital punishment, director Patty Dillon portrays an emotional journey inside execution through firsthand accounts. From a man of God to men trained to protect lives suddenly required to take them, paths intersect as they discover freedom from their own personal prisons. And, although we tend not to humanize executioners, these men reveal to us emotional conflicts and scars related to a job they never sought, but now accept. We not only glimpse inside prison walls, but also inside the heads of complex men who can't help but question the meaning of life in a way that few of us can even fathom. - Sandy Wolf A man's recently transplanted heart leads him on a frantic search to find the donor's killer before a similar fate befalls him. Following a ridiculously awful flight that leads to his pet's death, Nashawn Wade files a lawsuit against the airline, and wins a multimillion-dollar settlement. Determined to create a better flying experience, Nashawn starts his own airline, one that caters to an African-American clientele. Going into business with a tricked-out plane piloted by the smooth Capt. Mack, the airline hits a snag when it has to deal with the family of Elvis Hunkee. In 1960s New York, Walter Stackhouse is a successful architect married to the beautiful Clara who leads a seemingly perfect life. But his fascination with an unsolved murder leads him into a spiral of chaos as he is forced to play cat-and-mouse with a clever killer and an overambitious detective, while at the same time lusting after another woman. The negligent owner of a tenement slum becomes romantically involved with one of the building's residents. Future film director Sidney Lumet plays a key supporting role in this social-consciousness drama from 1939. Robert spends his nights hunting people for execution with his anarchic gang. But when he falls in love with one of his victims, he sees a new life open up. Can he escape from his life as a trained killer in time to save her? A soldier returns from Vietnam on special assignment, accompanying the body of his friend by train to California for burial. During the trip, he falls in love with a gentle college student. But their relationship is shattered by his flashbacks to combat. The tribes of Israel need to defeat the superior might of the Philistines: "Now appoint a king to lead us, such as all the other nations have." (I Samuel, 8:5). And so the prophet Samuel gives the Hebrews their first king, Saul.  Saul, however, has incessant doubts about his mission. The influential prophet Samuel turns away from Saul in order to select a new king according to God's will: David. He is still a young boy, tending sheep in the fields, when, secretly Samuel oints him as the next king of the Israelites. A former war vet, a misanthrope, and an illegal immigrant seek salvation in a pair of inexperienced drug dealers staked out at a run-down desert motel. Incensed by the tabloid culture which celebrates it, the L.A. Slasher publicly abducts a series of reality TV stars, while the media and general public in turn begin to question if society is better off without them. A biting, social satire about reality TV and the glorification of people who are famous for simply being famous, "L.A. Slasher" explores why it has become acceptable and even admirable for people to become influential and wealthy based on no merit or talent - purely through notoriety achieved through shameful behavior. Melbourne 1949:  Private eye Jack Mitchum is a good man in a dirty town.  When the beautiful and wealthy Valerie Richmond requests Jack investigate her philandering husband, Jack instead becomes witness to his murder.  Identified at the scene, Jack has only days to prove his innocence before he takes the fall.  His investigation takes him deep into Melbourne's seedy underbelly.  A world of shady bars, wild women and rampant violence. Jack has to play rough &amp; dirty just to stay alive as he learns that in this world, Only The Young Die Good.  A disgraced cop is hired by a wealthy former friend to rid his estranged daughter of a petty stalker. On Christmas Eve a group of ruthless masked terrorists kidnap the Prime Ministers daughter, fortifying themselves in an underground car park rigged with explosives. Crack SAS operative Chris Lowe and his team are sent in and must take the building one level at a time. "The Raid meets Die Hard" in this explosive action thriller. Bryce has been a crook since he was a kid in the projects. After a violent turn of events he's finally got a shot at the big time. Tony De Luca, one of the biggest crime bosses in the city, is looking to have Bryce get rid of a little problem: a man who can put him and many of his associates away for a long time. Bryce however has problems of his own when his latest dope shipment gets jacked and has to settle the matter, one bullet at a time   In her search for her biological father, after a long journey eastbound, Suzanne discovers a shrouded and horrifying part of her own past, that turns her greatest dream into a dark nightmare. Locked up for a minor crime, 19 year old JR quickly learns the harsh realities of prison life. Protection, if you can get it, is paramount. JR soon finds himself under the watchful eye of Australia's most notorious criminal, Brendan Lynch, but protection comes at a price. With the help of their high school's newest teacher, four Hispanic students form a robotics club. Although they have no experience, the youths set their sights on a national robotics contest. With $800 and parts scavenged from old cars, they build a robot and compete against reigning champion MIT. Along the way, the students learn not only how to build a robot but something far more important: how to forge bonds that will last a lifetime. Life as the sole sale item in the clearance corner of Eben's Bikes can get lonely. So Red, a unicycle, dreams up a clown owner and his own juggling act that steals the show. But all too soon, the applause turns into the sound of rainfall, as reality rushes back. Red must resign himself to sitting in the corner and await his fate. A psychopathic killer chats up Tina, a school girl, on the Internet and invites her to his house with the intention of raping her and murdering her only to find the tables turned on him. In the rural farm town of Appleton, Wisconsin, a harsh winter has set in and a rogue figure named Mitchell has returned to the town he once terrorized. Maddy Ballister lost her father at the hands of Mitchell and now she's ready to find him and settle the score. Chilling paranormal portmanteau following a researcher who stumbles across a collection of disturbing video evidence she has obtained from a mysterious source including a location recce made by two young filmmakers, Cain and Dion, who venture to the Australian outback in search of an interesting location for their next movie only to discover an ancient swamp spirit called Raluul, and a video diary of a man called Karl Hendry who starts hearing unusual noises once he finds a mysterious doll-house in the attic of his new house in the North of England. A desperate ex-con is forced to gather his old crew for one last job to pay off his sister's debt to a dangerous local criminal. Tizangara, Mozambique. After the peace agreement. A mystery. UN soldiers exploding. An investigation is begun and Massimo is appointed to solve the mystery. Joaquim will have to translate, not only the words but the facts, in order for him to understand. Fifth Avenue socialite Irene Bullock needs a "forgotten man" to win a scavenger hunt, and no one is more forgotten than Godfrey Park, who resides in a dump by the East River. Irene hires Godfrey as a servant for her riotously unhinged family, to the chagrin of her spoiled sister, Cornelia, who tries her best to get Godfrey fired. As Irene falls for her new butler, Godfrey turns the tables and teaches the frivolous Bullocks a lesson or two. Documentary about a group of transgender teens and young adults struggling to find the resources, safety, and confidence to express their gender identity. When a legendary escape artist comes up for parole after 30 years behind bars, a chance for freedom must be weighed against his infamous past. In 1971 the Knapp Commission, entrusted to expose corruption in the New York Police Department, faces a major problem. They have little physical evidence - their main source, Frank Serpico, won't wear a wire. They finally strike gold when a corrupt cop named William Phillips agrees to become their undercover agent, in exchange for immunity from a bribery charge. The evidence he eventually collects leads directly to the indictment of thirty New York cops. But the tables quickly turn when Phillips himself is convicted of a double-homicide. Three decades later and still in prison Phillips claims he's the victim of a massive police conspiracy. Surya (Nikhil) is a pick-pocketer accompanied by two more friends. Surya, the hero, does find his heroine in an incident but the real story follows - a stolen $100 million idol that falls in the hand of the Surya, but is chased by the goons. A wannabe professional thief has an epic fail when he's caught stealing a package and forced to take a young woman as hostage back to his gay friend's house where, despite pressure from his deranged, yoga-loving boss, he can't dispense with her and instead the three face a bunch of quirky thugs sent by the boss who will do anything to get his hands on the mysterious package. Although Brad has a satisfying career, a sweet wife and a comfortable life in suburban Sacramento, things aren't quite what he imagined during his college glory days. When he accompanies his musical prodigy son on a university tour, he can't help comparing his life with those of his four best college friends who seemingly have more wealthy and glamorous lives. But when circumstances force him to reconnect with his former friends, Brad begins to question whether he has really failed or if their lives are actually more flawed than they appear. An old traditional family and a modern family battle over land in a small English village and almost destroy each other. Through the socio-political overview of the problematic structure of fan clubs and football supporters in Serbia, this movie focuses on a particular case of an incident involving a French citizen - football fan in Belgrade, which led to 12 young people being convicted to 240 years of prison. One of them is Stefan Velickovic. This is the story about the man who became a part of a huge political scandal, and his right to defend himself. As someone who has not even been at the spot of the incident, he has been pronounced guilty of a crime. What are the interests and intentions for making Stefan a scapegoat? Years after walking away from her past as a teenage private eye, Veronica Mars gets pulled back to her hometown - just in time for her high school reunion - in order to help her old flame Logan Echolls, who's embroiled in a murder mystery. Lateef is a middle-class man who aspires to become a doctor. But, this dream is shattered when he gets arrested in a drug raid. Life of a teenage outsider: what makes him that way and how his anger flares into violence. Orthodox tells the story of Benjamin, an Orthodox Jewish man who alienated himself from his community by becoming a boxer. When his life took a wrong turn he ended up in prison, losing his wife and children in the process. Now he is out and desperate to reintegrate, he finds that acceptance harder than he ever imagined. He turns back to his old boxing coach thinking there he has an ally, but a truth about the past emerges which leaves him even more isolated than he once thought. Benjamin must make a choice which will effect not just his own future but the life of a young Jewish boy whose life he can relate to. He is determined not to allow history to repeat itself. Sons and daughters of international billionaires are sent to an boot camp where they are taught basic survival skills in hopes it will teach them responsibility. When they are taken hostage and taken for ransom by kidnappers, they will need to utilize every skill they learned to survive. When Johnny is released from prison following a forgery charge, he quickly lands a job as a short-order cook at a New York diner. Following a brief fling with waitress Cora, Frankie develops an attraction for Cora's friend and fellow waitress Frankie. While Frankie resists Johnny's charms initially, she eventually relents when her best friend, Tim, persuades her to give Johnny a chance. A spy thriller telling a historically based story of a man who alone dares to challenge Soviets being in the middle of the communistic system himself. Planning the maneuvers of Warsaw Pact forces he discovers that the American plans of nuclear counterattack against Soviet forces is planned to be executed on Polish territory. Thanks to his determination he starts a long, lonely and psychologically exhausting cooperation with CIA. From that moment the life of his and his family is in danger as one careless move can lead to tragedy. Evil wreaks pure havoc and bloody murder upon Leslie Van Hooten, a beautiful young girl, and her unsuspecting fellow grad students as they make their way to her family's extravagant and yet isolated estate. A retired assassins past catches up with him and his brutality surfaces as he goes on a final killing spree to make things right. Troubled 17-year-old Sean Holloway falls in with a group of teenage outcasts called 'The Misfits,' whose charismatic leader, Ricky, takes him under his wing. But as Sean becomes more and more entangled in the gang's anarchist ways, things begin to spiral out of control, and Sean realizes Ricky is a ticking time bomb on a rampage of revenge. On the eve of Halloween, as night comes, everything explodes... Their world is in the grip of a lethal outbreak. A mysterious blue substance is leading to catastrophic destruction. Who is behind it all? A divorced mother, her young son and her new boyfriend set out on a road trip through Death Valley and run afoul of a local serial killer. A bored housewife stumbles into stripping as a way to pass the day. "Acceptance" is a movie that is equivalent of being slapped on the wrist by your mother for not being like everyone. Forget about being different from others and being yourself. In the movie it shows how crazy students and parents can get when it comes to being accepted in different colleges. Jean, a forty-year-old struggling, out-of-work actor has hit rock bottom. Although open to any kind of work, he can't get a break. At the unemployment office, his counselor has a rather odd proposal: he can get a job helping the police reconstruct crime scenes, by standing in for the dead victim. Jean's obsession for detail impresses the detectives, allowing him to take a leading role in a sensitive investigation in Megeve ski resort, during low season, after a series of murders A break-in and murder at a New York City museum sparks an investigation by Interpol Agent Nathan Nelson. When he finds an ancient artifact, Nelson takes it home to conduct more research. A lightning storm, a pet chameleon and the artifact gives his daughter, Maggie, mystical powers to shape-shift her appearance at will which includes the ability to mimic other people and animals. In Ireland, American lawyer Ingrid Jessner and her activist partner, Paul Sullivan, struggle to uncover atrocities committed by the British government against the Northern Irish during the "Troubles." But when Sullivan is assassinated in the streets, Jessner teams up with Peter Kerrigan, a British investigator acting against the will of his own government, and struggles to uncover a conspiracy that may even implicate one of Kerrigan's colleagues. Abandoned and filled with a mysterious past, Holy Angel School for Girls is about to reveal its secrets of betrayal, jealousy, and vengeance. Rumours of haunting, paired with the desire to forget the painful tragedy that took place years before, have kept the truth buried with the innocent victims. A troubled teenage sharpshooter decides to avenge the death of her estranged sister after she is found murdered in a public bathroom. After the death of his brother (Tommy), RJ moves in with Gang Leader (Cane) and quickly finds himself wrapped up in a world of abuse and drugs. Local businessman (Dave) is watching the things he loves disappear in front of his very eyes. What happens when these two people, with nothing to lose, abuse protocol? When their elderly neighbor suddenly drops dead, a young Brooklyn couple investigates signs of foul play. Mona and Don's seemingly perfect suburban bliss is disrupted by a sexy extortionist and Mona will stop at nothing, including killing the competition, to keep her little slice of heaven. Underwater deep-sea miners encounter a Soviet wreck and bring back a dangerous cargo to their base on the ocean floor with horrifying results. The crew of the mining base must fight to survive against a genetic mutation that hunts them down one by one. A sheltered Amish child is the sole witness of a brutal murder in a restroom at a Philadelphia train station, and he must be protected.  The assignment falls to a taciturn detective who goes undercover in a Pennsylvania Dutch community. On the farm, he slowly assimilates despite his urban grit and forges a romantic bond with the child's beautiful mother.  Mi-young is playing hide-and-seek with a doll. Oh-gun lives hiding his dark history and Min-su follows Oh-gun to revenge. One day, destiny of these three was entwined, and their story begins. Alex, the son of a gang boss from Marseilles, joins the French Foreign Legion to avoid a hit put out on him by the Corsican Mafia. Four years later, Alex deserts and returns to Marseilles to get back together with Katia, his former girlfriend. But in the city, relationships have changed... Based on a true story, 15 year old Tina Spangler discovers she is pregnant. Her choices are abortion, adoption, or a lonely, exhausting life as a single parent. Abandoned by her boyfriend, she turns to her mother. Tina discovers although it has torn her world apart, her pregnancy could re-unite her shattered family and help her find her true purpose in life. The film is set in the Tricity in 2003, ten years after the end of communism in Poland. The plot, apparently based on the real-life experiences of Krakow businessmen Lech Jerzorny and Pawel Rey, is about three young, talented businessmen who open a high-tech factory. This comes to the attention of the local state 'mafia', the local Prosecutor, played by Janusz Gajos, and tax office boss, played by Kasimierz Kaczor, who are both jealous and would like to make money for themselves. We are in Poland, so success must be punished. SITTING ON THE EDGE OF MARLENE is a darkly comedic feature film drama that centers on a mother-daughter con artist duo. An adaptation of the Billie Livingston novella titled The Trouble With Marlene, it is a bittersweet and emotional journey that deals with dysfunction, love and addiction and ends with an unusual deliverance for the compelling mother and daughter duo. Bill Scanlin loses his job and embarks on a life of crime. As Bill stays ahead of the law, he discovers that sometimes the only thing worse than getting caught is getting away with it. The Shadow Behind You 2015 movie A cook has his hands full with three mischievous devils, who pop in and out of his kitchen. The young Tore seeks a new life in Hamburg among the religious group called The Jesus Freaks. When he by accident meets a family and helps them to repair their car, he believes that a heavenly wonder has helped him. He starts a friendship with the father of the family, Benno, and soon he moves in with them at their garden plot, not knowing the cruelty there is to come. True to his religious belief Tore stays with them although the increasing violence by Benno is torturing him... An amazing murder mystery taking place in a setting that no one would expect the coast of Mississippi. A young woman tried to live a normal life despite a horrible upbringing. But she will learn her past will haunt her once more. A young man on leave from prison, his straitlaced brother, his best friend, a rookie cop and a young actress collide over the course of 72 hours. During a car accident, Vincent Eastman watches his whole life flash before his eyes, and he doesn't like what he sees. While maintaining the semblance of a marriage with his wife, Sally, Vincent has been carrying on with a mistress, Olivia. She's everything Sally isn't -- warm, passionate, carefree. So why can't he choose between the two, especially when his indecision is taking its toll on his daughter? A young athlete takes a wild turn in life after suffering a serious injury. A famous actress has been killed just before her big premiere and an intriguing murder mystery is revealed by the investigating cops. Not so long ago, Ronny Tersago and his gang where at the top of the Flemish showbiz as Clown Norry and Co.. Their heyday are over. Nowadays they are working overtime at night as burglars. Ronny's son Wesley was kicked out of the Amsterdam film school, filming their passionate performances and crimes, their nocturnal excesses and turbulent private life. It seemed it was going downhillwith for the gang when suddenly they hit hte jackpot. And then the problems really start.. Ryan Jackson is a successful criminal in Manchester. Having lost most of his family, Ryan tries to keep younger brother, Chris, away from his world of criminals and gangs. When Ryan is accused of stealing from his bosses, he finds himself out of his depth. Chris is keen to follow in Ryan's footsteps and is given the chance to do so when he's asked to carry out a hit. Little does he know that his target is his brother... A philanderer falls victim to an extortion scheme when four masked strangers demand restitution for his sins. When a young man is executed for committing murder, he leaves behind a curse letter, promising vengeance for all those connected to his unfair trial. The true story of Forrest Tucker, from his audacious escape from San Quentin at the age of 70 to an unprecedented string of heists that confounded authorities and enchanted the public. Wrapped up in the pursuit are a detective, who becomes captivated with Forrest's commitment to his craft, and a woman, who loves him in spite of his chosen profession. The true story of underdog boxer, Chuck Wepner, who gets a shot to fight the champ, Muhammed Ali. A wealthy banker lies brutally murdered. The bankers daughter and only heir, Rana (Alex McKenna) calls upon Cyrus (Randy Wayne) a brilliant but eccentric freelance writer, to assist in the investigation. Teaming up with homicide detective, Leon Weed (Sean Astin), Cyrus and Leon are quickly thrust into the cryptic world of Freemasonry, pursuing a legendary relic. They begin by interviewing Grandmaster Sheldon Lombard (Richard Dutcher) and a 32nd Degree Freemason named Jericho Beck (Joseph James). As the evidence leads them to a few select members of the bankers inner circle, the duo is forced to examine elements beyond their natural senses- and must do so quickly before the killer strikes again! Inspector Richard Kemp never got around to putting the handcuffs around the Eardrum Slasher, a dangerous serial killer whose rampage began 20 years before. When Helene, a psychologist, witnesses the Slasher's latest crime and offers to testify, Kemp falls in love with her at first sight. In a mysterious turn of event, Kemp is suddenly transported back in time to the site of the Eardrum Slasher's first murder, he realizes that this could provide a second chance to catch the killer... A documentary about a 12 year old girl. One day she met the lady Shanti in a Shrine. She was drugged and brought to a brothel. There are thousands of adolescents in 70 brothels of Bangladesh. Some men have a high demand for children. Every day, children are facing inhuman torture. No one is there to stand beside them. Four men succesfully robbed a bank but unfortunately one of their gang members was injured and had to be brought to the hospital. At the same time, a lady who cares for the elderly at an old folks home, brings one of its occupants to the same hospital for treatment. What unsues is the unravelling of a hidden agenda where no one suspects the least, while being pursued by a police investigator at the same time. When local heavy and ex-boxer Tom Sheridan (Ian Pirie) agrees to hire his strip club out to lifelong friend and colleague Ian Levine (Michael Mckell) he soon discovers the private party involves child prostitution and trafficking, catering for wealthy paedophiles. Feeling betrayed and disgusted, Tom obtains secret photo evidence of the party and threatens exposing Ian to his associates and family. This sparks a bloody feud between the two old friends and their foot soldiers, in a story of Morality, Loyalty and Betrayal. A drama based on the true story of a college professor's bond with the abandoned dog he takes into his home. A female detective does everything she can to mop up the mess brought into Korea by Hong Kong drugs lords. On the hunt for the Russian mobsters that murdered their best friend, football hooligans turned career-criminals, Mike and Eddie are led to Brazil where a major drug deal is set to take place under the cover of the World Cup. Looking to hijack the deal and gain the ultimate redemption, the pair become caught between international drug cartels, local thugs and corrupt police as they are plunged into the murky depths of the Brazilian underworld. Heli must try and protect his young family when his 12-year-old sister inadvertently involves them in the brutal drug world. He must battle against the drug cartel that have been angered as well as the corrupt police force. In the summer of 1991 an elderly woman Ghislaine Marchal is found murdered in the basement of her home with the message "Omar M'a Tuer" (Omar has kill me) written beside in her own blood. Despite a lack of forensic or DNA evidence, her Moroccan gardener Omar Raddad is found guilty and sentenced to 18 years in a French prison. Shocked by the case, and convinced of his innocence, journalist Pierre-Emmanuel Vaugrenard moves to Nice to investigate, and uncover the truth... A man is wrongly jailed for murder while the real killer roams free. The murderer is an intellectual frustrated with his country's never-ending cycle of betrayal and apathy. The convict is a simple man who finds life in prison more tolerable, when something mysterious and strange starts happening to him. Ariane Felder is pregnant! This is surprising with her being a young hardened judge with strict morals.  But what is more surprising is that, according to paternity testing, the child's father is none other than Bob, a criminal from the prosecution charged with an atrocious attack!  Ariane doesn't remember any of what has happened, so she has no idea what to expect... Ace assassin Frank Kitchen is double crossed by gangsters and falls into the hands of rogue surgeon known as The Doctor who turns him into a woman. The hitman, now a hitwoman, sets out for revenge, aided by a nurse named Johnnie who also has secrets.  Danny and his old school friend Ben, get in farther than they can handle, when they accidentally 'switch' a case containing unmarked bills. Soon after this, unbeknown to them, they are hunted by local gangsters and hard men. 22 minutes got Russian marine to free a hijacked oil tanker far from shore. Based on real events, and set in Rio de Janeiro, A Wolf at the Door is the nerve-rattling tale of a kidnapped child and the terror of the parents left behind. When Sylvia discovers her six-year-old daughter has been picked up at school by an unknown woman, police summon her husband, Bernardo, to the station for questioning. From that point on, the film takes increasingly sinister turns as it delves into the events that led to the girl's kidnapping. With plot twists that will keep the audience on the edge of their seats, A Wolf at the Door is a darkly disturbing journey into the extreme limits of the human capacity for obsession and revenge. Love Me Do is a twisted love story which follows the relationship between a female investment banker and an out-of-work actor. As the couple learn to bridge their differences and fall in love, a romantic bond develops, which drives them to commit a terrible crime. Real Gangsters tells the story of the Lo Giacamo family, one of the most successful crime syndicates in New York City. Run by cousins Vincent Lo Giacamo and Jack Lo Giacamo, Real Gangsters shows how these two men maintain control of their dangerous extended family and volatile business ventures by very different means. A film about non-territorial office space, multi-mobile knowledge workers, Blackberries and Miles&More. A road movie discovering the working world of tomorrow. This documentary will take you on a journey through the post-industrial knowledge and services workshops, our supposed future working place. In this new world work will be handled more liberally. Time clocks cease to exist. Attention is not compulsory any more. The resource "human" comes into focus. The film closely follows the high-tech work force - people who are highly mobile and passionate to make their work their purpose in life. Further episodes resume this topic and lead into the world of modern office architecture and into the world of Human Resource Management. A documentary about juveniles who are serving life in prison without parole and their victims' families. As his wedding day approaches, Ben heads to Miami with his soon-to-be brother-in-law James to bring down a drug dealer who's supplying the dealers of Atlanta with product. When Lou Bloom, desperate for work, muscles into the world of L.A. crime journalism, he blurs the line between observer and participant to become the star of his own story. Aiding him in his effort is Nina, a TV-news veteran. Three teenage friends get in way over their head when they cross a down-home crime syndicate. They hope to make a break for it and escape their dead-end existence in a cotton-mill town but get sucked into the seedy underbelly of organized crime when one of them steals from the wrong man. A documentary that chronicles Pras Michel's 9-day experience as a homeless man in downtown Los Angeles. Given a dollar a day to live, his worldview is shattered as he sees firsthand the fight for survival on the violent streets. France in the early 60s. Simon, a wrestler, wears a white mask. In the ring, he is known as "The Specter". He suggests to his friend Victor who has just returned from combat to be his adversary in the ring and wear a black mask, and be known as "The Slaughterer of Belleville". But for Victor, still shaken from his experience in combat, this is too much; for once in his life he would like to be the good guy, the one people cheer on. Simon then suggests they switch masks. But it proves less easy to fool the rest of the wrestling crowd... "Indigo Lady" is a Rashomon-style interview movie. The story is "a Nebraska ranching empire heiress murders her husband, butchers him the way her father taught her to butcher a hog, and 'cures' him in the meat cellar." The story is loosely based on various Nebraska news items, rumors, and a play written by the director. The play was produced by The Lorraine Hansberry Theater in San Francisco CA in 1993. The director and the actors completely improvised the dialogue and action. The movie was mostly green screened and each scene is a 'painting.' In a small rural town hit hard by the Depression, Katie Connors resides in a middle-class home with her bootlegging husband Melvin. When the opportunity arises to bump him off without getting her hands dirty, she takes a chance she may never get again. After his murder at the hands of criminal Richard Hayden, she begins to receive inopportune visits by Melvin's old business partners about a large shipment of moonshine in her possession. Contacting the FBI for help, agent Ron Sheridan is assigned to her case and develops an unrequited love for Katie. But when a full-scale war develops, she learns the FBI may not be much help to her as she thought, and Katie must take matters into her own hands to pay off her husband's debts for good. Dass specialises in small time kidnapping and has his own set of rules. The primary and most important among them is not to get involved with influential people. Three jobless youngsters meet Dass and the four take up an assignment for a hefty sum that throws away this primary rule and end up being chased by a dreaded policeman. The story revolves around a brave heart Barun Biswas, who raised voice against numerous gang rapes in a village called Dukhiya. Dukhiya, where gang rapes had become a festival. These were celebrated by some political criminals. Eleven tales of love connected by padlocks on a gate - a journey exploring the heart behind the worldwide phenomenon that is Locks of Love. Graced with a velvet voice, 21-year-old Violet Sanford heads to New York to pursue her dream of becoming a songwriter only to find her aspirations sidelined by the accolades and notoriety she receives at her "day" job as a barmaid at Coyote Ugly. The "Coyotes" as they are affectionately called tantalize customers and the media alike with their outrageous antics, making Coyote Ugly the watering hole for guys on the prowl. Elvis Martini is in deep shit. His dilapidated Detroit apartment building is about to be foreclosed on by the bank; most of his tenants are behind on rent; he's in big debt to bookies and his daughter's school. He finds some ill-gotten cash in an evicted tenant's apartment and it briefly keeps the wolves at bay, but it brings out a bigger wolf, one that wants his stolen money back. When his daughter is kidnapped by the mysterious menace he's accidentally messed with, Elvis has 24 hours to come up with $25K - cash only. A master thief recruits a notorious thief to help him steal two famous Faberge eggs from an impenetrable vault in an effort to pull off one final job and repay his debt to the Russian mob. A young golfer is mugged by an escaped convict and finds himself in a prison where he foils a jailbreak. Sacrifice is the story of consultant surgeon, Tora Hamilton, who moves with her husband, Duncan, to the remote Shetland Islands, 100 miles off the north-east coast of Scotland. Deep in the peat soil around her new home, Tora discovers the body of a young woman with rune marks carved into her skin and a gaping hole where her heart once beat. Ignoring warnings to leave well alone, Tora uncovers terrifying links to a legend that might never have been confined to the pages of the story-books. After her divorce Mina is in need to financial and emotional supporting. She meets a guy and thinks that this is the man of her dreams. But things are not just as their first seem to be. When TROY turned on crime boss DMITRI DEBARTOLLA he was forced to leave Los Angeles and lay low in Miami. After two years, and the loss of his leg in a shootout with a Cuban crime syndicate, Troy returns to LA to reclaim what is rightfully his. A reunion with his former partners in a rundown hotel sets the stage for an explosive encounter where past and present collide. Fifteen years ago, a group of men's lives were forever changed by a strange occurrence. Now, the same group of men will spend a night together ... in terror.  Two friends and their sweet and endearing misadventures and one of these misadventures sees them land in the middle of a kidnapping investigation. No Fire Zone is a feature length film about the final awful months of the 26 year long Sri Lankan civil war told by the people who lived through it. The millionaire Diego Verastegui has been murdered at his house, and somebody has taken a valuable briefcase from the safe-deposit box. Dimas -Verastegui's bodyguard- comes back to the house and finds three suspects: Carlos, the millionaire's son, Anna Karina, a sweet girl, and Andres, a bohemian magician. They retell the scenes of the murder from contradictory points of view, each claiming a different version of who committed the crime. Ex-hitman John Wick comes out of retirement to track down the gangsters that took everything from him. A young gymnast battles a group of bank robbers at the home of her boyfriend. In the international world of gun running... loyalty, honor and discretion are valuable commodities, but nothing is more priceless than the bond of family. Power begets enemies and a loved ones betrayal cuts like a knife. Sides will be chosen, wars will be fought. In the end, there can only be one King. Swing Lowe Sweet Chariote is an emotionally charged urban drama about a good girl whose best friend is murdered just before graduation. She gets caught up with Ace, a local drug dealer that takes her deeper into the violent futility of the streets. Two very different people become friends and partners in this nautical drama. Nikos (Stephen Rea) is a radio man working on a Greek freighter when he finds himself stranded in Hong Kong after the firm that owned his ship suddenly goes out of business. Nikos is already depressed over his recent breakup with his girlfriend, and this latest turn of events hardly makes him feel any better; he develops a dependence on opium as he works a variety of odd jobs trying to keep himself together while waiting for his ship to return to the sea. Li (Ling Chu) is a ten-year-old Chinese girl, cut off from her mother and father, who has a sampan and asks Nikos to help her get the boat ready for the water. Nikos doesn't much care for Li at first, but her youthful optimism and determination to succeed make an impression on him, and in time he leads her on a voyage to find the family she left behind years before. The true story of the kidnapping of Freddy Heineken, the grandson of the founder of the Heineken brewery, and his driver. They were released after a ransom of 35 million Dutch guilders was paid. Los Reyes County, Arizona. Leland, a retired lawman, works with Wallace, the new sheriff who replaces him, when a vicious hit man, sent by a Mexican drug cartel, threatens their border small town. A boozy lowlife tries to bury the truth about his crazy stepson's suspicious death, but a nosy newspaper columnist and the young man's mother complicate matters. In a failed diamond heist, two hopeless thieves hide out in an apartment taking a ten-year-old boy hostage. With a gang of dirty police closing in on them each thief must decide to what lengths he will go to survive--a decision that will change the boy's life forever. Two brothers, both with troubled paths, find themselves in the middle of one last bank job. An ex-call girl hires private investigator Jon Kane to find her missing husband. Area 51, flying saucers from another world - and the program to create a fierce technology. Bob Lazar remains the singular most famous and controversial name in the world of UFOs.  The reason you know about Area 51 is because Lazar came forward and told you about it. His disclosures have turned his life upside-down and he has tried to stay out of the spotlight. For this reason, he has never let any filmmaker into the private world of his daily life - that is - until now.  Corbell's film explores Lazar's claims through the lens of thirty years - providing rare and never before revealed footage - guaranteed to alter the landscape of the debate. Courbevoie (France), 1971. Julien Bouin, a former typographist, and his wife Clemence, who used to perform in a circus, hardly talk to each other in their small house, soon to be demolished. His cat Greffier being the only one he still gives affection to, he becomes the object of Clemence's anger. A look into the judicial scandal that rocked the nation. The discovery of the mutilated body of a mentally challenged young mother begins a journey into madness that is so unbelievable the mastermind behind the crime ultimately got away with murder. Revealing for the first time how and why it happened filmmaker J. David Miles ventures into the insane mind of a small town crime family's matriarch and uncovers a conspiracy that continues to elude law enforcement to this very day. By going straight to the murderers themselves for interviews it is a true crime investigation like you have never seen, unveiling an alternate motive to what was presented in the courtroom that is as bizarre as it is heartbreaking. Written by Anonymous One man's desperation to save his dying wife sparks a chain of tragedies in the dark crime thriller Circle of Crime. The film offers a complex story that first depicts several seemingly unconnected incidents: the escape of a serial killer, a man being chased by loan sharks after taking the money to save his wife's life, a taxi driver's hit-and-run and a woman's suicide attempt. As the plot unfolds, the connection between these incidents begins to become clear. A guerilla leader falls in love with a mysterious woman in World War II Lisbon. Paralyzed at a young age, Jing (Kwai Lun-Mei) is a kind piano teacher who leads a quiet life. One day, she accuses her doctor Zhou (Chang Chen) of molesting her during a typical medical examination. Zhou is promptly arrested, charged and put on trial. The prosecutor of the case is Tim (Aaron Kwok), an idealistic lawyer who joined the law world to punish the guilty. However, as Tim's investigator Nam (Liu Kai Chi) helps him peel back the pieces, the more complex the case becomes. Soon, Tim begins to question the truth surrounding Jing's story. In 1976 in Nice, Agnes, the daughter of the owner of the Palais de la Mediterranee, falls in love with an older lawyer. One fatal decision leads to a cascade of errors and misjudgments that send the story of "Lust &amp; Found" into a crazy chase through Hong Kong to its comedic denouement where everyone gets what they deserve, though not necessarily what they want. Six criminals are tasked with kidnapping a young for ransom, but when they get locked inside her mansion, what they find is not what they expected. Professor Anderson brings a gun into his class. What happens when he threatens to start shooting? A film about peer pressure. Eight drug addicts are waiting for their connection in a New York apartment belonging to Leach. Jim Dunn, a budding filmmaker, has agreed to pay for the fix if the addicts will allow him to film the connection scene. After the men get their shots, they talk Dunn into trying heroin in order to understand the subject "first hand." He becomes ill and while sleeping, Leach takes an overdose that puts him into a coma. Dunn recovers, with the aid of the connection, and writes off the film as a failure. A thriller set in New York City during the winter of 1981, statistically one of the most violent years in the city's history, and centered on a the lives of an immigrant and his family trying to expand their business and capitalize on opportunities as the rampant violence, decay, and corruption of the day drag them in and threaten to destroy all they have built. An aging ex-con struggles to adapt to the outside world after many years in prison--and begins to build a relationship with the grown son he never knew. A group of teenagers go to the family farm of one of them only to be attacked by a killer scarecrow. After a break-in at their house, a couple gets help from one of the cops that answered their call. He helps them install the security system, and begins dropping by on short notice and unofficial patrol, and spends a lot of time discussing the couple's problems with the wife. The husband begins wondering if they're getting too much help. The Akiba and Shimura crime families run the streets of "K City". With the construction of new buildings and new factories underway, the city has sprouted into a boomtown and business is good. Two of the most infamous mobs of Tokyo want a piece of the pie. As out-of-town yakuza flood the city overnight, the crime boss of the Akiba family, Tezuka (Joe Shishido), is released from prison after a five year sentence. He does not like the "change" he sees. The dark and gritty story of where the Joker came from and how he became the villain that he is today. Enemmy is a 2013 Indian Hindi-language action thriller film directed by Ashu Trikha. From Director Brandon Ho &amp; Writer Joseph Reidhead comes the Romantic Comedy "Missed Connections" a story about love, identity, the universe, and well, sandwiches.  Marc Reid (Kevin O'Keefe), a discouraged romance novelist, is setup on a blind date with girl named Melissa by his over excited sister Julia (Sarah Kent). Marc, a little less than enthusiastic, ends up picking up Jessie (Tatum Langton) instead of Melissa from the apartment complex. As the night unfolds Jessie and Marc meet up with old friends Gary (Bryce Chamberlain) and Mary (Renny Grames) and make a couple of new friends along the way.  Things are complicated by Jessie's boyfriend Trent (Lawrence Fernandez). But will Jessie and Marc be able to find love? Can Jessie help Marc rediscover romance and his passion of writing or are they cursed to simply be another missed connection? Watch the drama unfold when the city of Las Vegas blows up the town's impromptu movie set. A woman is kidnapped on her honeymoon and her ex-soldier husband endeavors to free her. A kidnap thriller set in New York and Turkey. Neil, a self proclaimed film geek and owner of Gumshoe video, has always been content to live vicariously through his favorite films noir. But when he meets Violet, a real-life femme fatale, his mundane world gets turned upside down and the line between reality and the movies quickly begins to blur. Will Neil step up and embrace a life full of adventure or retreat back to his comfortable couch? Follows the early years of two unknown 18 year old amateur boxers who quickly fought their way to becoming the most feared and respected villains in all of London. Told through the eyes of a close friend that survived them, we see them rise to infamy through drugs, sex and murder. Eva accidentally witnesses (and tapes) the suicide of a girl.  The tape is stolen but retrieved by Dieter, with whom she starts an affair. Reconstructing the details of the death of his brother, Rafael Burlan da Silva, twelve years ago, the filmmaker Cristiano Burlan launches a personal journey that leads to the heart of a cycle of violence in the outskirts of Sao Paulo -- like the neighborhood Capao Redondo, where his family lived and where his 22 year-old brother was killed with 7 shots in 2001. Exploring his brother's reasons for involvement with drugs and car theft, the director exposes parts of his own family history, listening to relatives and friends, whose testimonies bring to light the fates of several characters, mapping the history of painful emotional wounds. A loner fresh out of rehab and hunted by both sides of the law returns home to solve the murder of his sister, and finds himself entangled in a game of revenge on the LA club circuit. Aasma is a story about lives of six friends, set out on a mission : a mission to touch the sky with their brilliance, talent and sheer dedication. The success story of a theatre group that embodies the love and togetherness amongst these friends. It's a story of people who have faith in spite of the agonies and tribulations that life presents to each of them. Story follows two best friend on private investigation. They are going to their hometown to prove that Michals mother was killed by his stepmother. James Bond helps a Russian General escape into the west. He soon finds out that the KGB wants to kill him for helping the General. A little while later the General is kidnapped from the Secret Service leading 007 to be suspicious. Godfather's story is the story of the greatest of Czech post-revolutionary 'entrepreneurs'. His activities often crossed the edge of the law, and his life ended bullet assassin. A martial arts instructor working at a police academy gets imprisoned after killing a man by accident. But when a vicious killer starts targeting martial arts masters, the instructor offers to help the police in return for his freedom. Pussy Riot: The Movement embarks on the odyssey of the girls who rocked a country and continue to fight for human rights throughout the world. Documentary follows Masha Alyokhina, Nadezhda Tolokonnikova, and Yekaterina Samutsevich through their harsh two year sentences for playing music to their freedom. What started as a punk rock collective has catapulted to a world movement for human rights. Olga is a complex young woman desperate to break free from her unfeeling family and social conventions. With her Louise Brooks-like tomboyish looks she drags herself, chain-smoking, from one job to another until she appears to find her niche as a truck driver. Although she has female lovers she does not form a bond with any of them; instead she clashes, time and again, venting herself in wordless emotional outbursts and other behavioural extremes. Ex-con Johnny is forced into pulling a heist he wants nothing to do with. Mob boss 'Shrewd' Eddie has one million is dirty cash stashed at his home, just waiting to be stolen. But what Johnny doesn't know is that seven other very dangerous criminals also have plans to steal the money... Yukio is a typical high school student in every way except that he's an only child in a family of five. This is because he has four fathers, each with their own unique personalities and interests. The only thing they share in common is their love of their son. When Yukio witnesses a robbery, he becomes involved in a bizarre string of incidents involving his fathers. A doctor desperately tries to save his wife and their 5 year old son after their vacation in the Bahamas takes an unexpected turn. Financial tycoon and former triad member Yu Shun-tin tries to eradicate the drug market while 'Jizo' aims to singlehandedly take over Hong Kong's drug exchange as the number one drug lord.  Meanwhile, Lam Ching-fung, a cop from the Narcotics Bureau works towards preventing drug abuse but faces uncertainty. In a totalitarian communist state a private detective who works for vodka vouchers searches through a dark urban wasteland for missing children. Darwin meets Hitchcock in this documentary. Directors Dan Geller and Dayna Goldfine have created a parable about the search for paradise, set in the brutal yet alluring landscape of the Galapagos Islands, which interweaves an unsolved 1930s murder mystery with stories of present day Galapagos pioneers. A gripping tale of idealistic dreams gone awry, featuring voice-over performances by Cate Blanchett, Diane Kruger, and Gustaf Skarsgard. The movie is about the life of Ajarn Noo the master of yantra tattooing. He first started to study about magic spells and yantra tattooing at the age of six. His name became renowned as many people tried to test the efficiency of his ability even though he tried to avoid them. The movie shows the way he dealt with his life until he can became who he is today. This groundbreaking film reveals the truth surrounding Australia's love-hate relationship with its beloved icon. The kangaroo image is proudly used by top companies, sports teams and as tourist souvenirs, yet when they hop across the vast continent some consider them to be pests to be shot and sold for profit. KANGAROO unpacks a national paradigm where the relationship with kangaroos is examined. An intruder breaks into the home of an unsuspecting family in order to make a home made murder film. A fisherman with money problems hires out his boat to transport criminals. Both a journalist and a documentary filmmaker chase the story of a murder and its prime suspect. An uptight by-the-book cop must protect the widow of a drug boss from crooked cops and gunmen. A former race car driver is abducted by a mysterious thief and forced to be the wheel-man for a crime that puts them both in the sights of the cops and the mob. Franz, the local police officer in a tiny bavarian village has to investigate in a case involving a disliked school principal who commited suicide? Or was it murder after all? HA Yoon-ju becomes the newest member to a unit within the Korean Police Forces Special Crime Department that specializes in surveillance activities on high profile criminals. She teams up with HWANG Sang-Jun, the veteran leader of the unit, and tries to track down James who is the cold-hearted leader of an armed criminal organization. Returning to his homeland after years of slavery, a Norman prince seeks revenge on his father's  murderer - his ruthless uncle, Earl Durant. Gaining the trust of a band of exiled farmers, he leads them into battle against Durant, exploiting them in his inexorable quest for vengeance. As one by one they are slaughtered in the brutal battle, will the prince sacrifice everything an everyone to fulfil his quest for blood? Agent Coulson informs Agent Sitwell that the World Security Council wishes Emil Blonsky to be released from prison to join the Avengers Initiative. As Nick Fury doesn't want to release Blonsky, the two agents decide to send a patsy to sabotage the meeting... Friends and admirers of iconoclastic film director Sam Fuller read from his memoirs in this unconventional documentary directed by Fuller's only child, Samantha. In this short film of Cowan Court, which was completed by 6a architects in late 2016, Rivers has turned his camera onto the interactions between architecture and landscape within which the students of Churchill College, University of Cambridge live and work. A seductive teen befriends an introverted high school student and schemes her way into the lives of her wealthy family. A news report circulates about a man who died after being kicked by a horse on a small island located 300km away from Tokyo. National Police Agency director Takeru Kanbe assigns Vice Director Mineaki Kai the task of making sure rumors surrounding the incident are fully investigated. Soon, partners Ukyo Sugishita and Tooru Kai are dispatched to the island to conduct the investigation. When Ukyo and Tooru arrive on the island, which is privately owned by a wealthy businessman, they discover a unit of former Self-Defense Forces personnel who have set up a small community as they participate in training exercises. While Ukyo initially expected to be investigating an accidental death, he quickly becomes convinced it was actually murder. However, when they finally manage to uncover conclusive evidence of this, the soldiers attack. If Nick Barrow can stay alive for 21 days, he'll die happy. Everyone Nick knows wants him dead; Mob bosses, contract killers, and dirty cops. Performing the last act of a desperate man, Nick takes out a million dollar insurance policy on himself, payable to his estranged daughter. The problem? The policy doesn't take effect for 21 days. Nick knows they'll be lucky to be alive for twenty-one hours. Enjoying college life as a popular student, Laura shares everything with her more  than 800 friends on Facebook. But one day, after accepting a friend request from a  social outcast named Marina, Laura's life is cursed... An ordinary man, who goes against all odds to forge his own destiny and become a star in the glittering sky of 'Bombay,' thriving on jazz and violence. Vamsi, a thief adept at scaling high-rises, is hired by Maya along with two others to carry out a huge burglary. The events unfold to reveal Maya's true motives as well as Vamsi's painful past. A soldier introduces himself to the Peterson family, claiming to be a friend of their son who died in action. After the young man is welcomed into their home, a series of accidental deaths seem to be connected to his presence. Everyone hates Ward's wife and wants her dead, Ward (Donald Faison) most of all. But when his friends' murderous fantasies turn into an (accidental) reality, they have to deal with a whole new set of problems -- like how to dispose of the body and still make their 3 p.m. tee time. Scott Foley's directorial debut, also starring Foley, Patrick Wilson, Amy Acker, and Nicolette Sheridan, is a blackly comic caper about helping a friend out of a bad relationship by any means necessary. A tormented jazz musician finds himself lost in an enigmatic story involving murder, surveillance, gangsters, doppelgangers, and an impossible transformation inside a prison cell. During an exclusive tour, a power breakdown inside a secret prison known as the Death House sends two agents fighting through a labyrinth of horrors while being pursued by a ruthless army of roaming inmates. As they fight to escape, the agents push toward the lowest depths of the facility where they learn a supernatural group of evil beings is their only chance for survival. American businessman Brian Chandler has a perfect life with a great job and beautiful fiancee. When his boss, renegade coffee mogul Calvert Jenkins sends him to Thailand to inspect a crop for purchase, Brian meets Ticha, a beautiful Bangkok executive who has long-since given up on the prospects of finding love. When two friends open a Halloween fun house on Devil's Night it is all fun and games until their former sorority sisters begin to arrive. These six sisters are confronted by their past as the night spins out of control. The true story of Carolyn's Raeburn's daughter who graduated from high school at the age of 16. Laura was bright, popular and enthusiastic about the future, but the summer before she was to begin college, an event occurred changing forever the lives of her and her family. Laura visited a boarding ranch in the country to learn horseback riding. And there, she entered a world dominated by a strange and fearsome woman who took control of Laura's mind. She was groomed to replace the woman's dead daughter. Carolyn spent the next five years of her life, much of her sanity and more than half a million dollars to get her daughter back. A boatswain finds himself stranded on an island. Though surrounded by starving, and poor islanders, the boatswain soon learns that the misery is not caused by the people themselves, but rather by a pack of blood-thirsty pirates. They come from all over Eastern Europe: Russia, Romania, Chechnya. They are Eastern boys. The oldest appear no more than 25; as for the youngest, there is no way of telling their age. They hang around the Gare du Nord train station in Paris. They might be prostitutes, but there is no way of knowing for certain. Muller, a discreet man in his late fifties has his eye on one of them - Marek. One afternoon, Muller gathers his courage and speaks to him. The young man agrees to come visit Muller the following day, at his place. However the next day, when the doorbell rings, Muller doesn't have the faintest idea that he has fallen into a trap. A heightened homage to the City of Angels, Electric Slide riffs on the real-life story of Eddie Dodson, the notorious "Gentleman Bank Robber." With a debonair sophistication and a serious talent for flirt, Dodson managed to lure money from mesmerized female tellers at over 60 banks during an epic spree in the 1980s. A life of a mother and her two children breaking down quietly without showing any events happening out of their house. The film is about a child neglect and a corruption of the belief, motherhood exists in all female, based on a true incident happened in Osaka, Japan. A young man, unaccustomed to children, must accompany a young girl on a train trip. Pedro Calungsod, a young Filipino man, leaves his Visayan native roots to join the Spanish Jesuit priest Fr. Diego de San Vitores in his mission to the Marianas Islands (Guam) in 1668. The San Diego Mission arrives in the Marianas where the young Pedro, a trained catechist and mission assistant, begins work for Fr. Diego de San Vitores in baptizing the Chamorro natives, preaching the holy gospel and spreading the good news of salvation through the Christian faith amidst paganism, doubt and disbelief. Despite the longing for his father and the threats to their lives, even at the peril of death, Pedro and Fr. Diego continued their missionary work. They roamed the dangerous islands and baptized many more natives and continued to enlighten them about Christianity. Sridhar, a hitman, wants to start his life afresh and decides to quit. However, his gang leader, unhappy with his decision, commands him to be murdered. An accident involving a 16-years old prompts private eye Corso to an investigation that will unearth a deep web of corruption in today's Rome. Mahonri, the brother of Jared, is a righteous man in wicked Babel. After the tower of Babel is destroyed and the language of the people is confused, the Lord shows Mahonri how to build barges to carry the righteous across the sea to the Promised Land. When the brother of Jared asks the Lord to touch stones to light the barges, his faith is so strong that he receives a great revelation. Nick Naylor is a charismatic spin-doctor for Big Tobacco who'll fight to protect America's right to smoke -- even if it kills him -- while still remaining a role model for his 12-year old son. When he incurs the wrath of a senator bent on snuffing out cigarettes, Nick's powers of "filtering the truth" will be put to the test.  Marking the 75th anniversary of his birth, Shotaro Ishinomori's classic spy heroine manga "009-1" has been adapted into a live-action motion picture for the first time ever. The death of his safe cracking grandfather has landed Johnny as the only one left alive who can open a safe for a degenerate crew of violent gangsters,but he's just a junkie with little more on his mind than getting that next fix. During the 1980s, a failed stand-up comedian is driven insane and turns to a life of crime and chaos in Gotham City while becoming an infamous psychopathic crime figure. A homicide detective teams up with a criminal profiler to catch a serial killer whose crimes are inspired by the children's game, Hangman. Two retired bank robbers agree to one last job. A face from their past steals their proceeds and divides the cash into 7 Cases.... each one is left with someone they know. If they take a case, the victim dies... if they don't get there in time... the victim dies.... if they tamper with the traps...they all die... Their day goes from bad to worse as they encounter all the faces from their past and have to make some heartbreaking decisions. Set in a Nigerian city Confusion Na Wa is a dark comedy about a group of strangers whose fates become intertwined over the course of 24 hours. At the heart of everything is a phone found by two opportunist wasters Charles and Chichi who, having read through its contents, decide to blackmail the owner Emeka. Little do they realize that their misdemeanors have set in motion a chain of events that will lead to their own downfall. Confusion Na Wa was winner of the 'Best Picture' category at the 2013 African Movie Academy Awards. The film is inspired by Miyamoto Musashi who was one of the most famous Japanese ronin and warrior philosophers. This very alternate and visual interpretation of the fate of Miyamoto is brought into a mixture of contemporary Yakuza underworld and a hypnotic Samurai after-life. We flow seamlessly between through life, death, rebirth and the afterlife and challenge our traditional definition of the past, present and future. The film explores the agonizing and painful processes that go through the shattered mind of Miyamoto, as he desperately tries to hold on to the only thing he has left - The rapidly fading memories of his undying love for a woman named, Otsu. A love that for a Yakuza-Samurai is strictly forbidden and which will prove to have catastrophic consequences. A pair of Tactical Units Police Officers from different walks of life come together to rescue an ambassador's daughter. Karen and Jack met in a mental hospital and fell in love. They set out to follow what Jack thinks is his destiny: killing Elvis Presley. CIA Agent Bill Pope is on a mission to track down a shadowy hacker named 'The Dutchman'. When he gets mysteriously killed, an experimental procedure transfers his memories into a dangerous ex-convict. When he wakes up Pope's memories, his mission is to eliminate The Dutchman before the hacker launches ICBMs and starts World War III. A narcissistic plastic surgeon, who prefers women of a certain high quality, meets an everyday woman who questions his morals, his methods and his meaning to life. In writer-director Nick Whitfield's black indie comedy, a pair of "exorcists" (Ed Gaughan and Andrew Buckley) with the power to rid people of their secrets agree to help a woman (Paprika Steen) whose daughter (Tuppence Middleton) is mute -- and whose husband is missing. Jason Isaacs co-stars as the mysterious Colonel, who seems to be calling the shots from the sidelines of the duo's shadowy enterprise. Billy and Steve have to get some money to pay off their drug dealer Tyvan. Their plan to rob a Carwash gets complicated when the plan gets shared and everyone has an ulterior motive. Crime/drama with a supernatural edge. Claire is under the grip of a mysterious new cult called Faults. Desperate to be reunited with their daughter, Claire's parents recruit one of the world's foremost experts on mind control, Ansel Roth. Jack and Diane, two teenage girls, meet in New York City and spend the night kissing ferociously. Diane's charming innocence quickly begins to open Jack's tough skinned heart. But, when Jack discovers that Diane is leaving the country in a week she tries to push her away. Diane must struggle to keep their love alive while hiding the secret that her newly awakened sexual desire is giving her werewolf-like visions. Once Pedro Chazarreta found murdered in the wonderful gated, El Tribuno newspaper hires retired detective novelist Nurit Iscar/Betibu that is installed in the area and a series of newspaper columns about the case. Along with the Chief of police of the newspaper, Mariano Saravia, and a veteran journalist, Jaime Brena, Betibu starts to investigate the murder. Using an old photo of the adolescence of Chazarreta, which shows him with fellow high school, the Group discovers an apparent connection between this murder and a succession of apparently trivial deaths of members of the photo. At the same time, Betibu must face its past emotional with the editor of the newspaper, Lorenzo Rinaldi, who seeks to restore the relationship. A docile and shy girl transforms into a new persona, a dark and merciless woman with only revenge on her mind to get justice at her own hand. Tom chases Jerry through the streets of Naples; they meet a local mouse who recognizes them from their cartoons and shows them around. Meanwhile, some local dogs are shadowing them. The film revolves around the lives of three friends-cum-petty crooks whose biggest crime is the fact that they reside in Mumbai's notorious area, where nefarious activities of the organized-crime syndicates take shape. A documentary focused on the transitional years from the totalitarian regime to democracy in Bulgaria. A thorough interpretation of the period as a reference note to world-famous French philosopher and sociologist Jean Baudrillard's notion of 'simulation'. The film's title is an ironic extension of Sigmund Freud's famous quote, "America is a mistake, admittedly a gigantic mistake", which implies the Austrian scientist's disappointment from empty American life in which money is the utmost value. The basic story of the movie revolves around P.K. Jayan aka 'Vattu' Jayan (played by Indrajith) and Roy Joseph aka Che Guevera Roy (played by Murali Gopy). Vattu Jayan is a corrupt cop who manages his daily necessities through bribed money and does not touch his salary for anything. Che Guevara Roy is an ex-communist comrade who now teaches in a school with his wife. UFC 35: Throwdown was a mixed martial arts event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship at the Mohegan Sun Arena in Uncasville, Connecticut on January 11, 2002. The event was seen live on pay per view in the United States, and later released on home video. In the midst of a deadly drug turf war in Cape Town, a gangster tries to secure the future of his young family amidst a community of dangerous rivals with the same goals. A Manic depressive artist survives a suicidal fall only to be possessed by a murdered gangster, who uses the artist to seek vengeance on those that ended his life. The love of an enchanted young girl brings wonder and healing to a broken family. Fraser's unrequited love for the beautiful and rich Ginny gets a chance to prove itself, when she is suddenly kidnapped. He teams up with rebel Mac, who's got a score to settle with the kidnappers. Together they cross the country, looking for Ginny and the bad guys. Benjamin, a young German computer whiz, is invited to join a subversive hacker group that wants to be noticed on the world's stage. Amanda and Jason are happy marriage now, after years of frustration have finally managed to take a beautiful girl from a country in Eastern Europe through an international adoption agency. But when the doctor will perform a DNA test to small, finds that there have been irregularities in the adoption process. In 1825, Claire, a 21-year-old Irish convict, chases a British soldier through the rugged Tasmanian wilderness, bent on revenge for a terrible act of violence he committed against her family. She enlists the services of an Aboriginal tracker named Billy, who is also marked by trauma from his own violence-filled past. Art dealer, Charles Mortdecai, searches for a stolen painting rumored to contain a secret code that gains access to hidden Nazi gold. An Indian Kannada crime film directed by Suri and produced by M. Chandru. The story revolves around Kaddipudi, a rowdy sheeter who yearns for a peaceful life. But politicians like Renukaji, his son Gaali and Shankarappa use him as a pawn for their selfish ends and don't allow him to lead a normal life. The hero becomes the reason for the incidents that occur in Uma's life. A drama about two orphan brothers who leave their home village and try to survive in big city. Potosi, a rural town in Latin America, is the crossfire of the ravaging that has devastated the north of the country. An accident along a deserted road connects three stories, an 82 year old goat herder that has not shot his gun in 40 years, a woman who is a victim of domestic violence and a humble peasant living on guard to protect his family from the country's war against organized crime. A thorough exploration of the themes and making of Fassbinder's "I Only Want You to Love me". Two brothers, Malek and Jai, are indirectly thrust headlong into the world of gangsters and crime when their father died 10 years ago. Since their father's death, Malek, Jai and their mother have been threatened by gangsters whom their father owes money to. Desperate, the wild Jai turns to crime, and will do anything as long as it pays well. Jai's behaviour sees vehement opposition from Malek and their mother, which breaks up their family. To make things worse, Malek finds out that his sister Shera has been raped and their mother has cancer... Twenty seven years after his UCLA graduate thesis film Shot Down was banned in his home country and went on to festival acclaim and cult status, writer-director Andrew Worsdale returns with this noir romance set among the marginalised white underclass. The film follows a police investigation into four murders and charts the doomed romance of the outlaw lovers. A deeply romantic, elegiac and universal crime story where the murders are not the point of the movie. Three thugs kidnap Emma, the daughter of a drug kingpin, and have no idea that murderous blood that runs through her veins. As time passes, the unlucky threesome finds themselves in danger from the police, gangsters and their captive. A man researches the mistakes made by mafia dons to reinvent the underworld. Comedy inspired by paperback crime novels tells the story of an adventurous search for a mysterious murderer who just after the end of the First World War has begun a rampage in Wilson City, a jerkwater town somewhere in Eastern Europe. The investigation is being led by an inhomogeneous pair of detectives - a greenhorn and local police cadet named Eisner and an experienced FBI officer Food, who has been sent to Europe by US President Woodrow Wilson himself. Based on true events, The Wannabe, a story about Thomas, a man obsessed with Mafia culture during the 1990s in New York City.  When Thomas's failed attempts to fix the trial of infamous mobster John Gotti gets him rejected by the people he idolizes most, he sets off on a drug infused crime spree with his girlfriend and longtime mob groupie, Rose, by brazenly robbing the local Mafia hangouts. After waking up in a hospital with amnesia, professor Robert Langdon and a doctor must race against time to foil a deadly global plot. NOIR chronicles the lives of four people living in a neighborhood plagues by poverty and violence, aspiring to freedom and happiness. Kadhafi, a 26 year old aspiring rapper and ex-member of a street gang, just out of prison, wants to steer clear of troubles. Fleur, a 17 year old Haitian mother in an abusive and passionate relationship with her daughter's father, dreams of leaving the ghetto and becoming a nurse. Suzie, a 20 year old stripper who falls for a gang member. Dickens, 16 year old Haitian wants to be part of the street gang controlled by his older brother. The jungle animals and creatures have all come to the point where they are living together in peace and harmony, thanks to the efforts of the great Mighty Mouse. But the peace is broken when the buzzards attack a helpless baby hippo. The super hero is kept busy fighting off the attacks of the sneaky buzzards while also catering to the needs and whims of the hippo. Finally, after the attackers are vanquished, all the animal parents leave their babies with Mighty Mouse as their baby-sitter. Two fast-talking insurance salesmen meet Mary, who is running away from her wealthy mother, and they agree to help her run a hotel that she owns. When they find out that the hotel is run down and nearly abandoned, they launch a phony PR campaign that presents the hotel as a resort favored by the rich. Their advertising succeeds too well, and many complications soon arise. Canadian documentary A one-time (and now one-handed) master film editor toiling in the cinematic sweatshops of 1970s Italy becomes the prime suspect in a series of brutal murders. Set 10 years after "Kids Return." Shinji and Masaru have graduated from high school with different paths in their lives. Shinji attempted to become boxer and Masaru a yakuza. They both tried to rise to the top of their respective fields. True Tales Of Slaughter and Slaying is a live DVD recording by Macabre performing on stage in Dordrecht, Holland. This is the band's debut DVD released for their 20th anniversary. In their third cinema adventure the Famous Five are searching for a pirate treasure... The son of a wealthy Vancouver businessman discovers his previously-unknown half-brother in Hong Kong will inherit half of his father's company, much to his wife's consternation. Diana was born and raised in the neighborhood of Estrela Polar, lost his parents when he was a child and leads a band of criminals who negotiates for drugs, money laundering, weapons, paintings, jewelry and tobacco. A lost film. Dan Barret, a forger, is sought by Balfour, a detective. Barret finding the States a rather dangerous abiding place, goes to Cuba to avoid the officers. After the FBI receives a threat that endangers the entire city, an interrogator and an I.T. specialist are plunged into a series of mind games with a criminal mastermind, desperately racing against time to uncover the villain's true agenda as they fight to protect thousands of lives. A desk-bound CIA analyst volunteers to go undercover to infiltrate the world of a deadly arms dealer, and prevent diabolical global disaster. The Earth is attacked by unknown forces. As people everywhere watch the world's great cities fall, Los Angeles becomes the last stand for mankind in a battle no one expected. It's up to a Marine staff sergeant and his new platoon to draw a line in the sand as they take on an enemy unlike any they've ever encountered before. Criminals and a beautiful but cunning hitchhiker must battle a supernatural force known as the Reaper. Eric and Kurt Sloane are the descendants of a well-known Venice, California-based family of martial artists.  Kurt, the younger of the two,  has always been in his brother Eric's shadow, and despite his talent has been told he lacks the instinct needed to become a champion.  But when Kurt witnesses the merciless murder of his brother at the hands of Muay Thai champion Tong Po, he vows revenge.  He trains with his brother's mentor for a fight to the death with Tong Po. At first it seems impossible to turn Kurt into the living weapon he must become to beat Tong Po, but through a series of tests and dangerous encounters, Kurt proves he has a deeper strength that will carry him through to his final showdown with Tong Po. Crime writer Sean Flynn returns home to Riverport, North Carolina from New York after a long absence when authorities reopen the old murder case that ended his father's political career. To uncover the truth about a suspicious death and further his own literary ambitions, Sean must confront the shared demons that have long distanced him from his father, Chuck Flynn, a former District Attorney turned defense lawyer who is now trying the case and pissing his life away in a local bar across from the courthouse. As the trial unfolds, nothing about the case is what it first seemed, and it is the secret behind it coupled with the same forces that have kept them apart that will ultimately test father and son together in the end. After the engagement ring meant for his girlfriend is stolen, a young man and his friends plot to steal it back.  Denis (Praneet Akilla) has got all that he needs. Namely, two best friends Chad (Jian Choo) and Huey (David Schnetkamp), a job that earns him enough money to smoke pot, and most importantly, Aly, his devoted girlfriend of four years (Azra Lallany). Wanting to show Aly that he's serious about their relationship, he devises a plan to propose to her with his grandmother's impressive diamond ring. When criminals steal the ring, Denis and his friends must put aside their slacker ways and craft the perfect plan to steal it back. As the men race to recover the ring, they stumble into a criminal underworld more dangerous than they could have imagined. In 1952 Ruby McCollum, a black woman, killed her white doctor in Live Oak, Fla after years of sexual abuse. The remarkable secrets and terrible truths revealed during her trial and incarceration haunted jurors and prosecutors for decades. An ex-mercenary turned smuggler. A Mende fisherman. Amid the explosive civil war overtaking 1999 Sierra Leone, these men join for two desperate missions: recovering a rare pink diamond of immense value and rescuing the fisherman's son conscripted as a child soldier into the brutal rebel forces ripping a swath of torture and bloodshed countrywide. After surviving an explosion in Iraq, Mr. Thomas leaves the infuriating desk job the army had created for him and enters the underground world of the contract killer. His brother, Sam, had been caught selling on army secrets to the highest bidder and is now working for the illusive Harry Montagu. They use Mr. Thomas as a very effective way of eliminating problems they encounter in their business. That is until Mr. Thomas begins to question whom these problems are that he is removing, and why they deserve this fate. Teen stepbrothers, Danny, a wannabe entrepreneur, and Ajay, an artistic dreamer, pull off an elaborate prank--involving a lot of dildos--on the last day of school. Caught in the act, they're assigned to a summer mentor: lascivious bar owner, Tyler Lavey. When Tyler enlists the boys to make a delivery to a private party, they unwittingly stumble upon an underground society hiding some very dirty secrets. After Tyler's own niece is taken captive, he turns to proteges Danny and Ajay and former CIA agent Grandma Alice to stage one kick-ass rescue. An anger management patient John gets his world torn apart when he can not manage his fiance's adversaries.  He is determined to prove himself to be the right man to marry Sara but the pressure from other candidates who  had unhealthy interest in Sara takes it's toll. With deceit, brutality and police chase, John soon realises, he cannot  marry Sara and remain in the country to face what was coming to him. Despite the signing of the Paris Peace Accords and the withdrawal of 540,000 U.S. troops in 1973, the America government kept funding South Vietnamese forces and their war against North Vietnam and Viet Cong spread across the country. Against this backdrop, Japanese businessman Toshio Sugimoto (Yusuke Kawazu) enjoys a leisurely existence, buying seafood in the relatively safe climate of Saigon. After accidentally killing a Vietnamese, his entire existence falls apart. Suddenly stripped of all privileges -- from no. 1 to no. 10 -- as well as having to put order in his love affair with the beautiful club singer Lan (Lan Tanh) and falling into the Saigon underworld, one mistake at a time, Sugimoto goes into hiding. But soon, hiding isn't enough. He must flee across a war-torn Vietnam, taking his lover Lan and newfound ally Taro (Kenji Isomura), son of an ex-Japanese soldier and a Vietnamese woman, along for the bumpy ride. Fiona Shaw stars in this crime drama, based on real events. After a police investigation, a young mother, confused and scared, confesses to a crime she did not commit and is charged with murder. When a women's husband is brutally murdered and casterated, she enlists the help of a paranormal expert to analyze strange phone calls from his phone and her investigations lead her to a group of swingers that expose her husband's double life. Porter Wren is a Manhattan tabloid writer with an appetite for scandal. On the beat he sells murder, tragedy, and anything that passes for the truth. At home, he is a dedicated husband and father. But when Caroline, a seductive stranger asks him to dig into the unsolved murder of her filmmaker husband Simon, he is drawn into a very nasty case of sexual obsession and blackmail--one that threatens his job, his marriage, and his life. An unflinching chronicle of Charles Manson, the ex-con who was able to amass a dedicated following of young people in the late 1960s. The era of peace and love was ultimately brought to its knees following his orchestration of the notorious Sharon Tate and LaBianca murders, which sent a shockwave throughout the U.S.A and the world. To this very day, Manson remains a fascinating figure in today's world and remains incarcerated... Prepare to enter the mental and depraved world of Charles Manson. In a Bronx dispatch the aspirations and misdeeds of cab drivers, call girls and low level thugs collide in one wild night. The journey of a professional wrestler who becomes a small town pastor and moonlights as a masked vigilante fighting injustice. While facing crises at home and at the church, the Pastor must evade the police and somehow reconcile his violent secret identity with his calling as a pastor. Marc, in his 40s, is a professor of literature at the University of Lausanne. Still a bachelor -- and still living with his sister Marianne in a huge, isolated chalet that they inherited when they were very young -- he carries on one love affair after another with his students. Winter has almost ended when one of his most brilliant students, Barbara, suddenly disappears. Two days later, Marc meets Barbara's mother, Anna, who wants to find out more about her vanished daughter. On the Edge is about suicidal patients discovering their true selves while going through therapy in a treatment center. An urban love story set on the hard streets of the Bronx. A struggling female pimp, named Wednesday, grows up learning the game from her dad. Once he's gone she's left to look out for her prostitute mother and girlfriend Nikki. Three people from different walks of life find themselves trapped inside a stalled elevator. What at first seems like an inconvenience rapidly escalates into a nightmare. When a 747 crashes shortly after take-off, the sole survivor is the pilot. Virtually unhurt, he and the investigators look for the answers to the disaster. Meanwhile mysterious deaths occur in the community and only a psychic, in touch with the supernatural, can help the pilot unravel the mystery surrounding the doomed plane. Franck and Simon are both good cops. They work as partners. But their lives take a tailspin when Simon, driving drunk, causes a tragic car wreck. A few years later, out of the police, he is forced to take matters into his own hands when his family is in danger. This documentary introduces the unbelievable talents of Valeriy Sokolov. A short introduction gives way to concert footage guaranteed to amaze. The repertoire includes Beethoven's 7th Violin sonata, Prokofiev's 2nd sonata, Saint-Saens' Introduction and Rondo Capriccioso, and Miroslav Skorikh's Spanish Danse.  A man tries to warn his brother away from the new girlfriend he brings home during Thanksgiving, but ends up becoming infatuated with her in the process. The story of an impossible love between a cisgender woman named Fred and a transgender woman named Laurence who reveals her inner desire to become her true self. "The Legend of Cool 'Disco' Dan" is the story of black Washington DC told from the perspective of Cool "Disco" Dan starting with his birth during the civil rights era and follows his life parallel with the rise of Go-Go music through the 1980s (which is the unheard but yet dominant urban music of DC) and also local DC politics with Marion Barry's rise and fall. Despite ending up homeless Cool "Disco" Dan used graffiti to escape the social problems D.C. had in the 1980s when things turned violent and became known as the Murder Capital of the United States. Cool "Disco" Dan ends up as a cult character of DC and his name becomes a symbol of survival during DC's most trying years. Two French policemen, one investigating a grisly murder at a remote mountain college, the other working on the desecration of a young girl's grave by skinheads, are brought together by the clues from their respective cases. Soon after they start working together, more murders are committed, and the pair begin to discover just what dark secrets are behind the killings. Law was a chauffeur for the rural tycoon Luk, and he was jailed for killing a major land owner in a car accident. It was rumored that Luk was behind the land owner's death, which gave Luk a competitive edge in the native apartment development deal. When Law gets out of prison five years later, the world has changed. Luk's corporation has grown more powerful, while Luk's right-hand man Keung has his own agenda to pursue. But things take a surprising turn.  With the help of Law's prison mate and computer whiz Joe, Law drugs Sean and his brothers in the drinks, then modify their mobile phones for wiretapping,  Joe gets acquainted with the materialistic single mom Eva, who turns out to have a dark history with both Law and Keung. Through the eavesdropping, Law realizes Keung's ultimate plan, which may change Hong Kong's land development forever. Mina (Priscila Fantin) is arrested for defrauding the Social Security and beyond to defend the other inmates need to escape from the prison director of surveillance (Tuca Andrada). The crime involved a Senator (Antonio Calloni), trying in every way to prevent your participation to surface. After months staking out high profile mafia figures in New Jersey in 1981, undercover FBI agents Joey Caruso and Davee Price get more than they bargained for when a video camera comes into their possession. They embark on a wild ride in discovering the truth behind this group and suddenly disappear, never to be seen or heard from again. Fast forward decades later when the survellience video reappears. Will this shed light on their lives and answer the mysteries from long ago? Undercover Police Detective Danny Myers must infiltrate a new street gang that has formed in the city of Smithville. This small but powerful crew of thugs have taken control of all criminal activity in the city. Detective Myers must gather as much evidence as possible to take down this criminal organization. Myers works his way into the gang through an informant and soon discovers that the Boss of the operation is an old childhood friend of his, Joey Kenefick. Joey has not seen Myers since they were kids and has no idea that Myers is a cop. Joey welcomes Myers into his crew of ruthless criminals with open arms After a shocking presidential victory flings an anti-gay Christian warrior into the Vice Presidency, Ethan  must grapple with his fear of the future and decide how many bridges he's willing to burn, and how far he's willing to go to do something about it. A bomber has planted 7 bombs on a transatlantic cruise ship. While a crack bomb squad team try to defuse the bombs the police attempt to track down the mad bomber. Two brothers barely scrape by as their father continues to gamble and drink away the money they do bring home. They hatch a plan for a robbery but at what price? In Okinawa, a down-and-out middle-aged yakuza underling named Shidara kidnaps and confines a high school girl named Yui, the daughter of a fellow yakuza's mistress. Honor Diaries is the first film to break the silence on 'honor violence' against women and girls.  Honor Diaries is more than a movie, it is a movement to save women and girls from human rights abuses - around the world and here in America. If you think reality shows are all fake &amp; scripted and competition reality shows are rigged, wait until you see what the producers of FACE OFF are willing to do to make their show look real: anything and everything including breaking the law. In FRANKENFAKE the documentary about the making of the fake reality competition show FACE OFF you will witness actual events-caught in the act crimes being committed, on camera, actual court proceedings, documents, and audio recording's of the events that took place to keep a contestant quiet. Joanna Crane lives a double life. During the day she works as fashion designer but during the night she is the high class prostitute China Blue. As she is accused for industrial spying, Bobby Grady is hired to shadow her. However, they fall in love.  Meanwhile a psychopathic preacher starts stalking her. Simon, a burglar on probation, agreed to go on the biggest shot of his life: The flight of the "Florentine", a mythical diamond set auction by its owners. To succeed, he must approach Julia, expert diamond for sale which is a considerable personal and family issue. Beyond a jigsaw particularly daring, Julia Simon will lead to a destiny she could not imagine. A recent college graduate decides to sell marijuana on the streets of Manhattan after losing his job at a consulting firm. He soon meets the girl of his dreams. With an unsupportive girlfriend, an increase of clienteles, and the growing threats of being caught or killed, he soon realizes he is in way over his head. Bad City is on the edge of falling into the hands of a madman, you dig? A strange and funky new party drug is killing kids left and right and that jive-ass, crooked city councilor Dominic Kincaid is behind it all. After murdering the mayor, Kincaid has his sights set on taking over and running the city his way, the bad way. Thankfully, the one and only superfly Detective Franky New Guinea and his new partner, the truly unruly Detective Reverend Grizzly Night-Bear, are here to make sure that Bad City stays groovy and is run the good way: the Bad way (it's different from the first bad way, and better). So get ready to boogie, cats, 'cause these cops are outta sight like dy-no-mite and the only thing they love more than sex, drugs, and growing body hair is taking down turkeys like Kincaid who threaten their BAD CITY. Denmark, 2014. A former police officer asks Carl Morck, head of Department Q, to find out who brutally killed his young twins in 1994. Although a local inhabitant confessed and was convicted of murder, Carl and his partner Assad soon realize that there is something in the case resolution that is terribly wrong. Israel Ticas is El Salvador's only criminologist. In one of the world's most dangerous countries, his job is to unearth the hundreds of missing people murdered and buried by the rival gangs MS-13 and 18 Street as their street war rages. Without him, the murdered would go uncounted. The gangs may have declared a truce in 2012, but as we discover on the job with Israel, the murder rate has increased and El Salvador's missing remain without justice. "El Chano" is a homeless man who wanders like a ghost through the streets of eastern Mexico City. Something hurts inside; for some reason has he abandoned himself to such misery. One day he meets an old acquaintance, Rosa, who asks him for a favor: "El Chano" must help her godson, accused by corrupted cops of sexual abuse and murder. He comes out of his lassitude and looks for ways to help the boy, but what can be done that is legal? Corruption, violence and inexorable fate are the main topics of Hari Sama's third feature film that draws upon the power of sequence shot to tell this story. Garralda is a troubled college student who only has to pass one last subject to obtain his academic degree. When his teacher catches him copying on a test, he requires him to perform a very unethical task in exchange for passing and thus achieving his goal. Penguin: Bird of Prey A mysterious man, Dean, returns to his hometown of Grimsby after many years abroad in the Army. His arrival is met with animosity, particularly from his father, an avid pigeon racer. Dean is drawn back to confront his demons, and confess a secret to a childhood friend, Jess, only to discover she has been struggling since the untimely death of her husband. Whilst attempting to raise her child and battling a crumbling economy and dearth of opportunities, she is pulled into a harsh underworld. Dean must help her, throw her a lifeline, but the situation only darkens. When their lives are threatened he will do all it takes to make sure she is safe. Towards the end of the 90's two singers, a dancer, and a novel music producer find themselves in a hard personal and professional battle where the main thing is to be the best at trying to fulfill their dreams. Although its internal conflicts will take them to the depths of the urban world of music and dance today called reggaeton, they will unite their talents to achieve their goals. Inspired by the history of a genre full of conflicts. A married woman's affair comes back to haunt her when her obsessed lover infiltrates every part of her life. Ace is an impressionable young man working for a dry cleaning business. His friend, drug dealer Mitch goes to prison. In an unrelated incident, he finds some cocaine in a pants pocket. Soon, Ace finds himself dealing cocaine for Lulu. Via lucky breaks and solid interpersonal skills, Ace moves to the top of the Harlem drug world. Of course, unfaithful employees and/or rivals conspire to bring about Ace's fall. On the 6th December 1995, three Essex gang members were brutally murdered in cold blood. It's now early 1997 and whoever killed the three men have yet to be brought to justice. An associate of the men, still mourning the loss of his friends, is convinced that it's only a matter of time before he's next. For him, the only way out is to go back in and work his way back up the criminal ladder. The higher he gets, the more violent the jobs become, his quest for power turning into an obsession. With life and family on the line can he hold his nerve together one last time in order to get out alive? When an angry teenager discovers a close friend has been killed, grief jeopardizes his future and he finds himself engulfed in danger. When his fiancee is kidnapped by human traffickers, Roman and his ex-military brothers set out to track her down and save her before it is too late. Along the way, Roman teams up with Avery, a cop investigating human trafficking and fighting the corrupt bureaucracy that has harmful intentions. After fighting his way through an apartment building populated by an army of dangerous criminals and escaping with his life, SWAT team member Rama goes undercover, joining a powerful Indonesian crime syndicate to protect his family and uncover corrupt members of his own force. The Dark Knight returns for a fan-film that does Batman justice. "Caped Crusader: The Dark Hours" is a film that delves deep into the psyche of a seasoned Batman. Convinced Gotham City is in his able hands, Bruce Wayne learns mind-shattering truths about the world he lives in. A group of aging London gangsters go on a vigilante killing spree when one of their number is murdered by a street gang. A pair of reformed gangsters try to find a husband for their newly discovered sister, but complications arise due to mistaken identities. Erroll Babbage has spent his career tracking sex offenders and his unorthodox methods are nearly as brutal as the criminals he monitors. When he links one of his deranged parolees to the disappearance of a local girl, he and his new partner must scour the S&M underground to find her before it's too late. Layla, a 15-year-old living in Brixton, London, becomes involved with a gang and must set up a boy to be killed. In 1986, Fall Creek Valley is turned upside down by the disappearance of 10 year-old Bobby Maxwell. Twenty years later, he seeks revenge on his tormentors. A once-abused woman devotes herself to ridding victims of their domestic abusers while hunting down the one she must kill to be truly free. Jack Conrad is awaiting the death penalty in a corrupt Central American prison. He is "purchased" by a wealthy television producer and taken to a desolate island where he must fight to the death against nine other condemned killers from all corners of the world, with freedom going to the sole survivor.  Vietnam, 1969. War is Hell.  For Marine Sergeant Jack Stryker (Brian Schulz), however, Hell is just the beginning.  Trapped outside a Viet Cong village, Stryker takes two bullets to the leg.  Sent home from the war, he discovers his ex-girlfriend (Cheryl Hausen) has been kidnapped by a religious cult with a vicious Manson-like leader (Sam Raimi).  Stryker teams up with some marine friends to form an assassination squad and annihilate the gang of crazed killers. Whether you love him or hate him, there is no question that George W. Bush is one of the most controversial public figures in recent memory. W takes viewers through Bush's eventful life -- his struggles and triumphs, how he found both his wife and his faith, and of course the critical days leading up to Bush's decision to invade Iraq. Northern Ireland's first feature-length crime anthology, Noirland, has a Pulp Fiction-style structure. Three stories are woven together as the murder of a female student is investigated. Jim Traficant was a legendary quarterback turned mob busting Walking Tall Sheriff who rose to power on a platform of "honesty in politics". He quickly ascended to the hallowed halls of Congress, becoming its most outspoken member. "Jimbo" as his die-hard supporters called him, was known for his polyester thrift store suits, shock top wigs, vulgar humor and profanity laced rhetoric against the FBI, IRS, and every president since Reagan. His one minute speeches made C-SPAN must see programming, as he signed off with his patented "Beam Me Up!"  In his post-industrial hometown of Youngstown, Ohio -- dubbed Crimetown, USA for being the most mobbed up city in America -- "Jimbo" was a living legend, once garnering more than 90% of the vote. However, the eccentric maverick also had a dark side, becoming only the second Member of Congress expelled since the Civil War, eventually spending over seven years in federal prison on bribery and tax evasion charges. Documentary filmmakers assert that Anthony Porter - a former death-row inmate who was spared the death penalty thanks to the efforts of a college journalism program - was actually guilty, and an innocent man was sent to prison. The movie is a comical social satire portrays a 'Guru' and a 'Shishya' trying to change other's viewpoints and make them walk on the right path. As I Walk Through The Valley is a journey into the underground music scene of Texas' southernmost border-region. Follow four generations of Valley musicians as they struggle to find a voice of their own in the land of charro beans and Tejano legends. After an accident, Tom wakes from a coma to discover that fragments of his smart phone have been embedded in his head, and worse, that returning to normal teenage life is impossible because he has developed a strange set of super powers. Alex, an immigrant from Ukraine comes to Canada and becomes involved with an online criminal organization called Darkweb. What starts off as a way to help his parents financially, soon becomes a personal vendetta against the entire banking system, when his mother is fired from her job at the bank DAUGHTER OF THE KING follows Ashley Miller as she rebuilds herself after a drug filled episode trying to live a normal life. An outstanding debt gets her sucked back into the underworld that is ruled by Haydar, a ruthless man that forces her into slavery. She becomes his property. Ashley is forced to prostitute and deal drugs hoping to regain her freedom. The abuse that comes from all sides and in all forms crushes her to the ground making her believe she's worthless. In the darkest moments Nadia, her close friend, descends in her life like an angel bringing her back to the light and setting her free. David Cork (Lachlan Woods) is a lowly data processor slaving away in the cubicle wasteland of Endo Bank's notorious Data Processing Centre, the DPC. But his real passion is manga. David is obsessed with the superhero Foxy Chaos - and he aspires to meet her creator, Takuya Fujimoro. David's manga dreams are shattered when a sinister Russian HR guru arrives at the DPC. Max Menkoff (Noah Taylor) has big plans and no worker is safe from his "method". Murder, chaos and office zombies take hold! Only David, in alliance with the brilliant and determined Ruby Jackson (Jessica Clarke), can stand in Menkoff's way. But what is the Menkoff Method? And what does it mean for David Cork? When his lover becomes the latest victim of a serial killer, Guru blurs the line between good and evil in his pursuit of revenge. A sci-fi post-holocaust tale set in Singapore. Civil defence and futuristic weaponry are highlighted. When 18-year-old Sam begins a no-strings-attached summer fling with uninhibited older woman Mary, it seems like the perfect relationship. But after Mary begins using him to make her uptight police officer husband John jealous, he becomes an unwilling pawn in a dangerous emotional game. Can Sam avoid John's wrath, or will he pay the ultimate price for giving in to his carnal desires? Two down-and-outs bonded together in misfortune devise a plan to rob a small town amusement arcade. When Alex, an infiltration expert with a secret past, accidentally reveals her identity during what should have been a routine heist, she quickly finds herself mixed up in a government conspiracy and entangled in a deadly game of cat-and-mouse with a master assassin and his team of killers.  Armed with her own set of lethal skills, Alex looks to exact revenge for her murdered friends while uncovering the truth. The film centers on the titular character Salvi, a survivor in a post-apocalyptic world trying to save his older sister, Isabel who had been take away during their younger years. Seven moments, common situations, broken lives, encounters that, like the image in a kaleidoscope, show up and disappear.  An imaginative boy who frequently makes things up witnesses a murder, but can't get his parents or the police to believe him. The only people taking him seriously are the killers - who live upstairs, know that he saw what they did, and are out to permanently silence him. Two American expatriates, Jack and Sam, unwittingly steal a drug lord's money when they rob a series of banks in Southeast Asia and become the target of the gang's vengeance. After the death of his wife and child, an author travels to Barcelona to see his estranged brother and dying father, where he learns that his life is plagued by events that occur on 11/11/11. In the summer of 1967, Kumla is shaken by a shocking event. That summer, the life of 17-year-old Mauritz life will also change. He begins a fumbling romance with the girl next door, but through music he longs to leave the small town and see the world. The head of the Reykjavik police department's internal affairs unit decides to use his investigation into a corrupt police lieutenant to take down a major criminal organization. Chan, an articulate senior detective nearing the end of his career, is taking care of the daughter of a witness killed by ruthless crime lord Po. Martial arts expert Ma is set to take over as head of the crime unit, replacing Chan who wants an early retirement. Three brothers Mitch, San, and Dee along with childhood friend Carl are all looking for fortune, fame and an escape from the poverty stricken world they live in. The three brothers use cocaine as their vehicle of escape. Middle brother San has dreams of becoming a huge rapper. He shares this dream with his educated, completely legal friend Carl Finley who is San's manager. The dreams of all four come true but at a very expensive price. Watch relationships become destroyed, families jeopardized and integrity compromised as this tale unfolds. After their newly adopted daughter goes missing in a small town, Steven and Shannon will stop at nothing to uncover the truth behind her disappearance and the dangerous secret behind the adoption agency they trusted. Risking their own lives, they will discover just what being a parent means and how far they will go to get their child back. Attempting to recover from a recent family trauma by escaping into the woods for a peaceful hiking trip, an ex-lawman and his young son stumble across a dangerous contract killer. A thief makes a disturbing discovery in the house where he breaks in. Later, when he returns to the same house with his partner in crime, things are no longer how he expected. Two brothers and their wives meet up at a haute-cuisine restaurant to discuss what to do about a horrific crime that their sons committed together. As the quartet debate their options, the conversation reopens old wounds between the siblings. Detective Ricardo Colletti's personal life is turned upside down when his wife is raped by members of a notorious street gang. When two of the gang members are found dead, Internal Affairs Bureau makes a bold move to catch their suspect. After posting a video of herself robbing a convenience store, Kiya amasses a huge social media following. A reckless loner, she seeks some form of genuine human connection. Through her travels, she encounters a drifter, an Internet troll and a paint huffing outsider who are all pulled into her circle of chaos, junk food, and drugs.  Boo, Miu and TT each are facing problems with life, friendships and love, and decides to go on their journey to Malaysia due to an attractive pay job. In the hope of returning with a wealthy lifestyle, they found themselves in the trap of mysterious lady Zhu Ge. They soon realized that their task is not as simple as it looks, Zhu Ge is not merely a troublesome rich lady, but there is a significant plot behind. The girls were forced to get into a brutal boxing tournament, and found themselves trapped in a huge underground maze. At the brink of death, they deftly fight the syndicate with the combination of high heels, bras and female intelligence, creating a wild comedy.  WKBA kickboxing champion and hard-action star Gary Daniels (The Expendables) takes to the screen in a border-crossing, barrier smashing all-action explosion that pits his will to live against the merciless murder machine of a Mexican drug cartel.  Hardened DEA agent Cole finds himself sucked into the deadly underworld of Tijuanna in search of his ex-wife, a journalist who may have gone too far in search of a story. She's been abducted by a charismatic Cartel boss who publicly aspires to public office while privately slaughtering anyone who gets in his way. Now, in a place where two cultures clash and life is cheaper than bullets, Cole is about to discover the cost of shooting to kill when you Misfire. A portrait of controversial Breitbart honcho and Donald Trump advisor, Stephen K. Bannon. North Philadelphia, PA - Kev, El and Andy are three men united by one struggle: they are trying to defy gravity. As part of the 700,000 prisoners released into society every year, they find themselves faced with a chilling outlook: 67% of ex-offenders re-offend within three years. What explains this invisible force that keeps former inmates in a seemingly unending cycle of incarceration?  Filmed on the street over the course of two years, Pull of Gravity is an intimate portrait of these three men that confronts head-on the gritty details of lives cut short by poverty and drugs, where dealing is seen as the only route to economic prosperity, where using offers an escape from powerlessness, and where prison is too often the next stop. The film's unfiltered lense captures its subjects as they lay bare their stories, fears, and tentative dreams. A man is out for justice after a group of corrupt police officers are unable to catch his wife's killer. Wolfgang Beltracchi got away with forging art masterpieces for over 40 years. He may be egotistical and nihilistic, but his genius in undeniable. He managed to fool gallery owners, historians and investors with the stroke of a brush. This documentary follows his last days as a free man.  A drifter with a violent past comes to the city to kill somebody for money. On his way to do it, a young woman crashes into his life, giving him the choice - to continue on this path of self destruction or leave it all behind and start again. Martha Barlow, a modern day outlaw, must reconcile her dark past after her teenage son commits a horrible crime. Life for the residents of a tower block begins to run out of control. Does sentencing a teenager to life without parole serve our society well? The United States is the only country in the world that routinely condemns children to die in prison. This is the story of one of those children, now a young man, seeking a second chance in Florida. At age 15, Kenneth Young received four consecutive life sentences for a series of armed robberies. Imprisoned for more than a decade, he believed he would die behind bars. Now a U.S. Supreme Court decision could set him free. 15 to Life: Kenneth's Story follows Young's struggle for redemption, revealing a justice system with thousands of young people serving sentences intended for society's most dangerous criminals. Four boyhood pals perform a heroic act and are changed by the powers they gain in return. Years later, on a hunting trip in the Maine woods, they're overtaken by a vicious blizzard that harbors an ominous presence. Challenged to stop an alien force, the friends must first prevent the slaughter of innocent civilians by a military vigilante ... and then overcome a threat to the bond that unites the four of them. Michel, a murderous womanizer, meets introverted Gloria online and treats her to a whirlwind one-night-stand. Offering herself as an accomplice in his seductive crimes, the unhinged lovers embark on a deadly odyssey amplified by wild sex, unbridled jealousy, and passionate forays into the dark arts. This smart and gory shocker breathes new life into the lovesick horror genre to serve up a chilling tale of white-hot desperation and terrifying devotion. Uncle John revolves around the struggle to keep a mysterious disappearance unsolved After his father is killed in an altercation with drunken thugs, Salah's world is plunged into darkness. Forced into running the family kebab shop alone, Salah struggles to manage the increasingly rowdy night life and when a fight with an angry customer goes fatally wrong, he finds himself with a dead body on his hands.  With no faith in the authorities Salah disposes of the body in the one place he knows best... the kebabs. A color remake of the Sam Fuller film, Pickup on South Street. Eccentric scientist Victor Von Frankenstein creates a grotesque creature in an unorthodox scientific experiment. During a space voyage, four scientists are altered by cosmic rays: Reed Richards gains the ability to stretch his body; Sue Storm can become invisible; Johnny Storm controls fire; and Ben Grimm is turned into a super-strong ... thing. Together, these "Fantastic Four" must now thwart the evil plans of Dr. Doom and save the world from certain destruction. After a devastating urban wildfire kills her boss, auditor Mercedes Lara must fight to expose a corrupt city government that fronts for an international criminal enterprise. The mystery is unraveled with found footage from a wide variety of sources. In an attempt to rectify their criminal past, a once successful Hollywood starlet, turn prostitute, and a petty, misogynistic thief, set out together to solve a high profile child abduction case in San Francisco. A genetically created Anaconda, cut in half, regenerates itself into two aggressive giant snakes, due to the Blood Orchid. Gangland Wire tells the story of how the Midwest La Cosa Nosta Families lost Las Vegas. Executive Producer Gary Jenkins obtained hundreds of hours of audio tapes from court-ordered wiretaps and hidden microphones. Hear from the mouths of Mafia bosses Joseph "Joey the Clown" Lombardo, Nick Civella, Morris Shenker and Carl "Tuffy" DeLuna how they schemed to skim millions from Vegas casinos and how the real Sam "Ace" Rothstein, Frank "Lefty" Rosenthal blew the money train. The real story behind Martin Scorsese's Casino. "Something hit us...the crew is dead...help us, please, please help us!" With these terrifying words, 22 of Hollywood's greatest stars find themselves aboard a pilotless jumbo jet headed on a collision course with destruction in the nerve chilling sequel to the greatest disaster movie ever made. Sister Jeannine Gramick is an American nun who ministers to gay and lesbian catholics. Ordered to stop her activities, the sister has refused and is attempting to take her case to the Vatican. According to legend, the mansion's "blue room" is cursed--everyone who has ever spent the night in that room has met with an untimely end. The three suitors of the heroine (Gloria Stuart) wager that each can survive a night in the forbidding blue room. An abused beagle runs away from his owner. On the road, he meets young Marty Preston and follows him home. The boy immediately forms a bond with the dog and names him Shiloh. His stern father won't let him keep the dog because it belongs to Judd Travers, a local hunter. After Shiloh is mistreated again, he runs away and returns to Marty. Knowing his father will once again make him bring Shiloh back to Judd, he makes a home for the dog in an old shed up the hill from the Prestons' house and hides him from his family. His secret is soon discovered when a stray attacks the dog one night and he must turn to his father for help. Dave and Joe, just evicted from their Oakland apartment, turn to stealing cars and dealing Fluoride to make their financial ends meet. One night they find Summer Hayes, star of a popular 1990's teen soap, in the trunk of a stolen automobile. Shoot-outs, car chases, and overdoses ensue. In the Fluoride heightened world of "Medias Res", nothing is what it at first appears to be. A young man comes to possess a supernatural notebook, the Death Note, that grants him the power to kill any person simply by writing down their name on the pages. He then decides to use the notebook to kill criminals and change the world, but an enigmatic detective attempts to track him down and end his reign of terror. Serial Killer Culture examines the reasons why artists and collectors are fascinated by serial killers. Sixteen-year-old Jennifer Lynn's life is turned upside down when she gives birth to baby Zoe. Being a teen mom is not what she had planned for high school. Her boyfriend Randy refuses to step up and her mother Alicia is not interested in raising another child. But when Zoe is kidnapped, Jennifer's maternal instincts kick in and she will stop at nothing to find her baby. 1's is Mariah Carey's sixth DVD/video release. It contains 14 of Mariah' s #1 hits such as Heartbreaker, My All, Honey, Al ways Be My Baby, One Sweet Day with Mariah & Boyz ll Me, and much more. After quitting his job, a man decides to go after the one person responsible for ruining his life. A captivating diva, incarnation of Acapulco, remembers when she was the most famous movie star of Mexico. Meanwhile, Marco, Javier, Felix, Alfonso and Yolanda are getting ready for Easter Week, the period when the city revives, recovering for a few days its past glory. Each one tries to survive his own way in that paradisiacal set that everyday looks more like hell. April and May are two young girls running away from the police. They have murdered, beheaded and eaten parts of their victims. Li Xunhuan comes back to his home after three years of wandering. He had decided to have a normal life, but a group of skilled martial arts fighters and leaders are bent on killing him, so they can be ranked top by Bai Xiaosheng in his renowned list of the best warriors in the martial arts world. Li Xunhuan battles them as he searches for his estranged friend A'fei, who is now married and living in seclusion. Li asks A'fei to join forces and fight against a new threat that wants to rule the world: the Money Clan. Directed by Ian Gabriel, "Four Corners" revolves around a 13-year-old chess whiz drawn into the Cape Town's well-known child-gang culture. Touted as the first film to delve into the 100-year-old war between South Africa's so-called Number gangs, the 26 and the 28, it blends the Sabela, Tsotsi-taal and Cape Afrikaans dialects and mixes established talents with non-actors and first-time thesps from schools and communities across the Cape Flats. Trailer Park Boys: Don't Legalize It is the third film in the Trailer Park Boys franchise, and a sequel to Trailer Park Boys: Countdown to Liquor Day (2009). In the film, Ricky (Robb Wells), Julian (John Paul Tremblay) and Bubbles (Mike Smith) attempt a series of get-rich-quick schemes after being released from prison, but are again pursued by former Sunnyvale Trailer Park supervisor Jim Lahey (John Dunsworth). Tale of Kurdish Yazidi, a small, non- Islamic religious community with close ties to nature. Vittoria (Valeria Solarino) is a magistrate, from the north and believes in justice. Assumption (Daniela Marra) is the widow of a soldier's' Ndrangheta, is never out of his land and the only ties that recognizes are those of the family. For her revenge is a right and not be afraid of blood a duty; and that is a duty that is forced to marry his brother Nando, as has already happened to his sister Catherine (Lorenza Guess) wife of fugitive boss Alfredo Raso at war with the clan of Macri. Victoria has a goal: to disrupt the silence of women towards the patriarchal system that is the basis of the most influential criminal organization in the world. Investigations and arrests weapons useless for the purpose; to win her battle the only option is to remove the parental rights to all mothers who send their children to die. A disgraced former cop, fresh off a six-year prison sentence for attempted murder - returns home looking for redemption but winds up trapped in the mess he left behind. A Foreign Service Officer in London tries to prevent a terrorist attack set to hit New York, but is forced to go on the run when she is framed for crimes she did not commit. William Walker and his mercenary corps enter Nicaragua in the middle of the 19th century in order to install a new government by a coup d'etat. Joao is a 50 year old actor who lives with his 72 year old mother, Celina. He spends his time between his work at night as a crossdresser in small gay bars and his parts in small plays, movies and TV shows. Tormented and haunted by ghosts from his past, day after day Joao starts to merge the reality in which he lived with the fiction he is interpreting. Foreigners living in a small town in South Korea fight to regain their individual freedoms during a mafia take over of their neighborhood. Internal family conflicts within the mafia present their own needs for freedom. Twenty years ago, Kurt Cobain was found dead of an apparent gunshot wound to the head. The world was told it was a suicide, but evidence would lead many people to believe it might be otherwise. The film investigates the possibilities that exist that Kurt Cobain's death might not have been a suicide, that the Seattle Police Department rushed their verdict, and the global media perpetuated lies and misinformation fed to them by Courtney Love that created the belief in many that Cobain killed himself--but when revealed to be lies--lead many to now question what happened. The Spanish deep South, 1980. A series of brutal murders of adolescent girls in a remote and forgotten town bring together two disparate characters - both detectives in the homicide division - to investigate the cases. With deep divisions in their ideology, detectives Juan and Pedro must put aside their differences if they are to successfully hunt down a killer who for years has terrorized a community in the shadow of a general disregard for women rooted in a misogynistic past. A young man seeking a father he has never met, through no fault of his own, ends up barricaded in a liquor store with five other people on Christmas Eve in the fictitious town of El Camino, NV. After his owner dies, a dog wander alone in Tehran, following people and their stories. Upwardly-mobile executive Jane (Sarah Butler) uncovers evidence that that her high powered boss may have been murdered, prompting the corporation to dispatch a "crisis manager" (D.B. Sweeny) to ensure that the truth never gets out. Now, trapped in an elevator during a holiday weekend, Jane realizes that she must climb for her life to avoid taking a fatal plunge. An overdose of gas at the dentist's office causes Willie to float like a balloon. He floats out of the office, through the stratosphere, and into outer space. There, he meets an alien scientist who has created a ray gun that will immediately process pigs and cows into cuts of meat... None supplied  He Jianhao is released from the Boys' Home and his mother Huifang, is worried that he would be led astray again. Thus, she wants him to look after her stall in Bugis under her stepsister's supervision. Jian Hao's girlfriend Shanshan also manages to convince him to retake his O-levels. Jian Hao is getting back on the right path and his future seems promising. Jianhao's friend, Zach, joined a gang Yi Ren Tang to get protection as he is always bullied by Alex. Wang Guodong is a gang leader of 660 and also the father of Alex. Jianhao joined the Yi Ren Tang after much persuasion from Zach... The film brings the paintings of Vincent van Gogh to life to tell his remarkable story. Every one of the 65,000 frames of the film is an oil-painting hand-painted by 125 professional oil-painters who travelled from all across the world to the Loving Vincent studios in Poland and Greece to be a part of the production. As remarkable as Vincent's brilliant paintings are his passionate and ill-fated life and mysterious death. When Jimmy finds a mysterious package in the trunk of his latest boost, he is thrust into a violent underworld of criminals, and a race against the clock to save a little girl's life. Set in the exotic terrain of the Yucatan Peninsula, NO BAD DAYS is an action/adventure film that manifests all the qualities that make for an entertaining and captivating film. The fast-pace style makes for a surprise at every turn, while the charisma and chemistry of the main characters create a romantic subplot. The story begins when evil tomb-raiders rob precious Mayan artifacts and soon face their most difficult opponent an unpredictable, rugged, ex-military operative who discovers his true self after ending 5 years in hiding. Our hero finds himself being chased through jungles, spying in underground waterways, and falling in love with an attractive, yet stubborn American woman searching for her missing mother, an archeologist who was in the wrong place at the wrong time. This gripping, action-packed, humorous tale peaks in one of the most unique and alluring tropical locations in the world, leading the two heroes on a crusade against evil forces even greater than they anticipated. Our film portrays the precarious destiny of a former employee of the Soviet customs service. Sent into 'forced' immigration on an assignment in the 1980s, he is forgotten after the regime changes that take place in Russia in the early 1990s. Supported by neither Russian nor American governments, he is forced into a struggle against the international drug mafia. Alone, he will have to find a way out of a labyrinth of highly complex and unforeseen difficulties. A former boxer, who is now a drug runner, is given a chance to come back to the ring. A handsome, carefree yoga instructor has breezed through life, women, and jobs, but when he breaks up with his girlfriend -- who's also his partner at their successful yoga studio -- he's forced to face reality for the first time. A satirical look at LA's yoga culture that stars Josh Casaubon (I Just Want My Pants Back), Paget Brewster (Criminal Minds), and Kris Kristofferson (Lone Star). The human life and the struggles it presents, test a group of life long companions. Broken trust, and a serial rapist leads to suffering and heartache for many in its wake. In this violent tale of normal America, no one is safe. A cop (Balaji Venugopal, who with his pencil moustache resembles a swashbuckling Ranjan-era villain) steps into the scene of a murder and gets down to his interrogation. His first question: What is your national bird? Elsewhere, another cop (Venkatesh Harinathan) asks the dead man's offspring what the father was doing before he died. The answer: He was living. When Addison investigates the murder of his friend Kevin with the help of Phoebe, they discover that the truth is darker than they had ever imagined. A Russian Police Major is enlisted by the LAPD to help solve a series of gruesome murders perpetrated against young women by a sadistic sociopathic killer on the mean streets of Hollywood. Adults share their most embarrassing teenage writings and art in front of total strangers at Mortified stage shows across the country, as the filmmakers explore what the show's popularity says about all of us. When Colin Warner was wrongfully convicted of murder, his best friend Carl King devoted his life to proving his innocence. Programming prodigy and information activist Aaron Swartz achieved groundbreaking work in social justice and political organizing. His passion for open access ensnared him in a legal nightmare that ended with the taking of his own life at the age of 26. Eight years after the disappearance of Cassandra, some disturbing incidents seem to indicate that she's still alive. Police, parents and Cassandra herself, will try to unravel the mystery of her disappearance. The film is a Slovak version of The Thin Blue Line, recounting the unsolved disappearance and murder of a young woman that happened thirty years ago. It was a case that was paraded in the communist media at the end of which seven individuals were found guilty of this heinous crime. They are the same individuals who at present proclaim their innocence. Fed up with the evils of today's Society? So is Reverend Smith, but unlike you he has a remedy for it. See how he deals with murderers, rapists, white supremacists, child pornography, crooked lawyers, drug dealers, gang-bangers, prejudice and the over all ills of our society. Take a ride through Reverend Smith's vengeful mind, where no one is safe and all are judged in "Music Store Massacre". LAPD homicide detectives Ernie Godunov and Jordan Daniels experience a violent departure from their routine duties when a series of homicides coincides with the theft of a legendary, allegedly cursed painting. According to the legend, the painting is destined to reappear periodically, bringing death and destruction. The detectives investigate, increasingly desperate as bodies pile up and the criminal conspiracy behind the painting's theft mobilizes. With time running out before the painting again disappears into the night, the detectives plunge headlong into a bloody confrontation. Out of Nature is a journey inside Martins head. A family father in his 30s living in a small town of Norway. He feels alienated in his own life and longs to get away. Away from his job, away from his family, into the woods, up to the mountains. While spending a weekend alone on a hiking trip, he is forced to confront the way he lives his life. Out of Nature is an original, funny and tender film about how to take part in your own life as a husband, father and son. Jayabrata Ray, a teacher of a reputed school in Kurseong, finds himself in a helpless situation after losing his eyesight. Although the school authorities allow him to continue with his job for a while, but all hell breaks loose when he starts getting threat calls from the management asking him to vacate his property that is situated right inside the school premises. Jayabrata, who had also been a student of the same school, could see through their real intention and simply refuses to budge. Joe Moore has a job he loves. He's a thief. His job goes sour when he gets caught on security camera tape. His fence, Bergman reneges on the money he's owed, and his wife may be betraying him with the fence's young lieutenant. Moore and his partner, Bobby Blane and their utility man, Pinky Pincus find themselves broke, betrayed, and blackmailed. Moore is forced to commit his crew to do one last big job. Three stories of the supernatural are recounted in this anthology. Rick, an Aboriginal boy living near a swamp on Bribie Island, is haunted by an American solider who drowned in quicksand. Ruby and her family live in a house near long-abandoned train tracks, which still carry ghostly apparitions. A landlord has trouble evicting the tenants of an old warehouse: a couple that's been dead for years When a low level mobster is nearly rubbed out by the boss, he decides to take the bonus he was promised by force, so he kidnaps the boss and demands a hefty ransom. In the absence of Behzat C., a superintendent named Himmet gets replaced as the president of the murder Bureau. When the murder of minister of Interior makes a big impact, Himmet decides to take advantage of it and he makes his team help the fight against terrorism bureau. A boxer suffers a serious head injury during a fight, and must deal with the consequences. Two Step is a fast-paced Texas thriller in which the lives of James, a directionless college dropout, and Webb, a career criminal with his back against the wall, violently collide. A hit man on the run and a woman with a secret try to evade teams of assassins headed by the lethal and relentless Mr. Gray. A retelling of Romeo and Juliet set within the Los Angeles underworld. Alka Singh, the leader of a political party, and her obsessive love for Rohan Mehra, a rising star of Bollywood. Teen stepbrothers, Danny, a wannabe entrepreneur, and Ajay, an artistic dreamer, pull off an elaborate prank--involving a lot of dildos--on the last day of school. Caught in the act, they're assigned to a summer mentor: lascivious bar owner, Tyler Lavey. When Tyler enlists the boys to make a delivery to a private party, they unwittingly stumble upon an underground society hiding some very dirty secrets. After Tyler's own niece is taken captive, he turns to proteges Danny and Ajay and former CIA agent Grandma Alice to stage one kick-ass rescue. A freelance computer hacker discovers a mysterious government computer program. He breaks into the program and is thrust into a revolution. Herbert Blount is a crowdfunding contributor for the new Adam Rifkin feature KNOCKED OFF. Unhappy with the film, he steals the footage and kidnaps actress Missi Pyle to star in his own "director's cut!" In Dr. Wayne Dyer's public television special, taped live in front of a thousand fans in Boston's historic theater district, he transforms conventional thinking about making things happen in our lives into a profound understanding of how each person possesses the infinite potential and power to co-create the life he or she desires. To accomplish this, Dr. Dyer takes the audience through a journey into the seven faces of intention - 1: creativity, 2: kindness; 3: love, 4: beauty, 5: expansiveness, 6: abundance, and 7: receptivity. Throughout the program, Dr. Dyer illustrates his points with signature stories that move the audience to tears--as well as abundant laughter.  Inspired by a true story, the film begins with the arrest of a boy and a girl (Antonio and Elena) both in shock and stoned by a mix of drugs and alcohol. The two guys are admitted to hospital where they both confess the murder of their friend Angela. A brutal murder and devoid of logic that will lead investigators to suspect that the two killers were not alone. Investigators soon discover a reality completely unknown to them: that of Satanism. When bachelor Walter Davis (Bruce Willis) is set up with his sister-in-law's pretty cousin, Nadia Gates (Kim Basinger), a seemingly average blind date turns into a chaotic night on the town. Walter's brother, Ted (Phil Hartman), tells him not to let Nadia drink alcohol, but he dismisses the warning, and her behavior gets increasingly wild. Walter and Nadia's numerous incidents are made even worse as her former lover David (John Larroquette) relentlessly follows them around town. The Crash Reel tells the story of a sport and the risks that athletes face in reaching the pinnacle of their profession. This is Kevin Pearce's story, a celebrated snowboarder who sustained a brain injury in a trick gone wrong and who now aims, against all the odds, to get back on the snow. Every man has a different recollection of the beautiful young woman who wreaked havoc on their lives during one heated night.  I am the double of the shadow of my own image. An allegory that occupies my place. This is my act of contrition. Beyond good and evil, I stand as an equation: Its result cannot be manipulated By morals or ethics. In mathematics there is no place for beliefs Just as life and death Are a certain fate. Four athletically gifted brothers face the hard reality that despite the different paths and success in their professional lives, their past will forever be entwined. When a former CIA operative is kidnapped by a group of terrorists, his son learns there is no plan for his father to be saved--so he launches his own rescue operation. Three generations of the rowdy Cutler family live as outlaws in some of Britain's richest countryside - hunting hares, ram-raiding stately homes, and taunting the police. Struggling to retain a way of life fast becoming extinct, Chad Cutler ends up caught between his father's archaic principles and trying to do right by his kids, whilst the full force of the law is finally catching up with him. "Jaffa Gate Is Ours!" screamed the headlines in 2005. Greek Orthodox Patriarch Irineos was accused of selling church property to Jewish settlers. He denied all the accusations. But for the first time in the church's 2000-year history, its leader was ousted. For 11 long years, Irineos was imprisoned in his chambers. In this first-person account, filmmaker Danae Elon unravels what really happened to the former Patriarch. With unprecedented access to the inner workings of the church, a riveting, mysterious, disturbing, and often humorous story is revealed about an unknown world within the walls of Jerusalem's Old City. Three friends are in their quarter life crisis. Seeking adventure and thrills, they spend most of their weekend nights on brothels and night clubs. One night, an unexpected incident will change their lives permanently.  New Blood Rising was a professional wrestling pay-per-view produced by World Championship Wrestling that replaced WCW's August PPV event Road Wild. It took place on August 13, 2000 from the Pacific Coliseum in Vancouver, British Columbia. The name is a reference to the New Blood faction within WCW. The main event was Booker T defending the WCW World Heavyweight Championship against Jeff Jarrett. Another primary match was a Triple Threat match between Goldberg, Kevin Nash, and Scott Steiner. Other matches on the card included KroniK defending the WCW World Tag Team Championships against The Dark Carnival (Vampiro &amp; The Great Muta), Lance Storm defending the WCW United States Championship against Mike Awesome in a Canadian Rules match with Jacques Rougeau as the special guest referee, Rainer has a miserable life. He works as a pizza delivery guy in a small eastern german town. Unhappy with his situation and apparently short on money he's also struggeling with the dementia of his mother, who he cares for. Soon he can't take it anymore having anything accomplished in his life. With his mother in a home and a self-made bomb in the back of his delivery scooter he's heading north to Berlin. The road trip begins. Marshall Philips, experienced commercial jet pilot, tries to unscramble a puzzle that's bothering him. When he and his children are shot dead, local authorities rule it a murder-suicide. Journalist Madison Freeman pursues answers. Control is the biography of Joy Division lead singer Ian Curtis, taking his story from schoolboy days of 1973 to his suicide on the eve of the band's first American tour in 1980. A naive young couple looking for work find themselves immersed in the dangerous and clandestine world of the black market organ trade. At the same time, a devoted husband has his world turned upside down when his wife falls ill with heart disease. At the end of his rope, he is shown an opportunity to save his wife, and he is just desperate enough to take it. His last ditch effort sends the new couriers on a harrowing job that will put their love to the ultimate test and leave them changed forever. A story that confronts the broken health care system in this country by showing the lengths people will go to save the ones they love. A divorcee's love for her ex-husband pulls her into a deadly crime ring when he goes missing, and the local authorities refuse to search for him. A group of friends discover gold deep inside an old mine. But by taking the gold and think they've hit it big, they awaken a long dead miner who's Hell Bent on protecting his treasure. The Bridgewater Triangle sits within Southeastern Massachusetts, and includes a number of locations known for unexplained occurrences; the most prominent of which include the legendary Hockomock Swamp and the infamous Freetown-Fall River State Forest. The triangle's traditional boarders are revealed by connecting the dots between Abington to the North, Freetown to the Southeast, and Rehoboth to the Southwest. The region hosts an unusually high volume of reports involving strange occurrences, unexplained mysteries and sinister activities. From ghostly hauntings and cryptic animal sightings to UFO encounters and evidence of satanic ritual sacrifice, the Bridgewater Triangle serves as one of the world's most diverse hotspots for paranormal activity. The first-ever feature-length documentary on the subject, The Bridgewater Triangle explores the history of this fascinating region. Expecting the usual tedium that accompanies a summer in the Catskills with her family, 17-year-old Frances 'Baby' Houseman is surprised to find herself stepping into the shoes of a professional hoofer--and unexpectedly falling in love. City police surround a building attempting to capture a suspected murder. The suspect knows there is no escape but refuses to give in. Multiple lives intersect in the aftermath of the violent mugging of a Columbia University philosophy professor. An FBI agent teams with the town's veteran game tracker to investigate a murder that occurred on a Native American reservation. Jens has accepted far too much for too long. Being the shy night-owl he is, he keeps to himself, but the world will not let him be. The new master baker's quality starts slackening, and when a bunch of yobs one day smash the window of Jens's car, he takes one of them out. Intoxicated by his own new unexpressed vigour, Jens comes out of his shell, but the destructive driving force leads him towards a free fall. Minnesota, 1990. Detective Bruce Kenner investigates the case of young Angela, who accuses her father, John Gray, of an unspeakable crime. When John unexpectedly and without recollection admits guilt, renowned psychologist Dr. Raines is brought in to help him relive his memories and what they discover unmasks a horrifying nationwide mystery. A drama about black-on-black violence in America's inner cities. Between 1978 and 1979, the inhabitants of the Oise are in fear of a maniac who kills several hitchhikers and escape the police. He was then dubbed "the killer of the Oise" is actually a shy young policeman who will investigate his own murder, only to lose control of the situation. In the year 2019, where the world is under martial law, two rookie cops are tasked to patrol District C-11 where death is just a bullet away. When hard drugs invade a small town, local and federal law enforcement find themselves working together. Navigating the minefield of local political officials and junkie confidential informants, the team seeks to root out a sinister network of "meth" cooks and dealers threatening to change the face of Long Island's picture perfect suburban north shore. When a trio of struggling and increasingly desperate thirty-something actors - Alberto, Molly and Richard -  discover that A-list talent agent Carlo Lombardi is taking classes at the yoga studio where Molly teaches, they concoct the perfect scheme to convince him of their talent: Lay siege to the yoga studio, tie Carlo up, and with a gun to his head give the performance of their lives. A perfect plan! Now what could go wrong? A documentary that captures the sensational trial of infamous gangster James 'Whitey' Bulger, using the legal proceedings as a springboard to explore allegations of corruption within the highest levels of law enforcement. Academy Award-nominated filmmaker Joe Berlinger examines Bulger's relationship with the FBI and Department of Justice that allowed him to reign over a criminal empire in Boston for decades. A jewel thief named Frank Stone is a very deeply disturbed, anti social, milquetoast who finds no joy or humor in anything - until he awakens from a deep coma. Dominik, a PhD student of the History of Art, goes to Porto Ercole, to survey the last works of great Michelangelo Caravaggio. Unexpectedly, Dominik deepens into mysterious series of criminal events. Former Los Angeles gang leaders unite to stop the violence they were once a part of. We capture the summer of 2013 as these men strive to break the cycle of retaliation killing and rebuild a sense of hope in their communities. Based on a true story, "Dynamite: A Cautionary Tale" follows family man Max Bornstein who was a full-time dope fiend working within the underground, highly illegal pornography industry in 1968's New York City. While running books and films to delivery points and mob headquarters around the east coast, Max had the Feds on his tail. But even in the wake of a federal investigation, Max's truest worry was his wife and two young children, a family kept in the dark about Max's reality and the walls of it caving in around him. As Max battles his consuming addiction, dissolving family unit and the growing suspicion about his drug use amongst his associates, Max watches helplessly as his well-crafted reality falls to pieces, leaving him searching for the spaces in between. When a female guard becomes a prisoner of his mind, a male inmate struggles to keep the truth from escaping. In the town of Cutter, most people keep to themselves. But when John comes home to find his girlfriend missing, he sneaks into his neighbor's house, finding his girlfriend and several other kidnapped people tied up in the basement. When the neighbor come home, John is forced to get out of the house alive and lead the group to safety. Female inmates at a Lebanese prison share their personal stories of domestic violence, traumatic childhoods and more through a 10-month theater project. Une petite fille envoie un ballon avec plein de dessins a sa maman qui est au ciel... Conan Edogawa sets out to apprehend Lupin the Third, the suspect of stealing a jewel called Cherry Sapphire. A sequel to the TV special "Lupin the Third vs. Detective Conan" (2009). When fun-loving American agents Dennis Quaid and Kathleen Turner are called back from maternity leave for a special assignment in New Orleans, the spy parents decide to skip the sitter and give their bouncing baby girl the adventure of a lifetime. There's nothing to the dumb story about a deadly arms dealer in the Louisiana Bayou, but you'd be hard put to find a friskier pair of doting parents. Twenty years after Britain's most notorious gangland murders, the next generation of Essex Boys vie for control as revenge is sought by all sides. TIERRA CALIENTE is the story of an ordinary family in the state of Guerrero, Mexico. As they go about their normal lives, they are caught in the crossfire between the Narco drug cartels and the military. The screenplay is an edited transcript of conversations from the family recorded over a period of two years. Actors play the members of the family to protect their identity, but we are able to hear the actual recordings throughout the film, to remind the audience that these people are real. Firefighter Jesse Graves has to save ornithologist Jennifer and other people caught in a forest fire, which was set up by the lawyer of convicted killer Earl Shaye, who escaped from the prison with several of his inmates posing as firefighters to recover $37,000,000 in stashed loot. The police investigate the murder of a young woman whose corpse was frozen and dressed up like a doll. A teenage interracial couple in the 1950's rob and steal to escape the bigotry of the American South. But when things turn violent, they are forced to confront the dark secrets of their own.  The four kinds of sex - Love-Sex, Money-Sex, Like-Sex and Hate-Sex are illustrated by scenes involving two lovers (Love-Sex) and the participants in an orgy (Money-Sex, Hate-Sex and Like-Sex). JAM (Christian Clavier), a French "master of the universe" is on the brink of a major takeover when he starts suffering from anxiety attacks. His doctor (Lhermite) thinks it is to do with childhood experiences and suggests he searches back in his mind to something that could be the trigger and will prove to be the antidote. Erik has is own motorbike workshop in a sleepy little town. He may have the telling word 'scoundrel' tattooed onto his lower arm but he nonetheless creates an impression of a well-behaved average Joe. His relationship with his girlfriend Julia is going well and her daughter Linda is very fond of her new Dad. But then all of a sudden the mysterious Henry appears and begins following him about like a sinister shadow. The more Erik tries to shake off his diabolical guest the more Henry intrudes into his life. But then when a violent gangster named Keitel enters the fray and threatens not only Erik but Julia and Linda, Erik's seemingly ideal world begins to run off the rails. The eccentric members of a wealthy Brazilian family each go through personal torment, debauchery and intense guilt in this symbolic and gory film. The father has made a fortune in the slaughterhouse business and ignores the feelings of his wife and his workers. He frequents a mulatto woman, who is always seen naked. His daughter and her friend act on their lesbian fantasies before her friend marries her brother. An elderly aunt seduces the brother before she drowns herself in the swimming pool. His lesbian sister shoots the girl, and the boy incestuously attacks his mother. When the mother threatens to leave, the father begs for her to stay and continue the hollow charade of their marriage for the sake of social appearances. The father grovels before his mistress after his daughter slashes her wrists. Any comparison between this dysfunctional family, the Manson family, and Shelley Winters' sick Barker brood in Bloody Mama is all an unfortunate artistic coincidence. Elizabeth, a voluptuous, shy and unpopular girl, is the object of ridicule at school by the cool in-crowd. Her life spirals downward after the death of her only friend, her grandmother. But she has a crush on a popular boy at school, and a deranged plan to make all her dreams come true!  Two Narcotics Detectives find themselves in an intense investigation lead by a determined Internal Affairs Detective after a child is wrongfully shot dead in a violent drug bust.  Oliver and Cassi, a couple from Brooklyn, spend the day apart, meandering NYC, each with their respective best friend, trying to decide whether or not they should stay together and renew their lease or call it quits after five years. Blood Riders is a blood soaked adventure comedy about 4 young friends who stumble upon a body after stealing a car. That discovery pushes the friends on a road trip around town during which they try get rid of the increasing amount of corpses. Along their wild ride the kids encounter neo-Nazis, punk artists, devil worshipers and a plan to resurrect Hitler. A disgruntled Mexican cop is forced to work with a teenage hacker to hunt down the criminals who killed his wife, and dismantle their operation. After her mother's death, Ruth struggles to support herself as a seamstress. While Ruth delivers shirts to the factory owner, the owner's son steals some money and Ruth is accused of the crime. She flees the ghetto of New York's Lower East Side and hides in the country where a young farmer takes her in and they fall in love While Arturo tries to gain the love of Flora, he witnesses the history of Sicily from 1969 to 1992, miraculously dodging the crimes of the Mafia and supporting as a journalist the heroic struggle of the judges and policemen who fought this infamous organization. Chin-Ching gets lost in Shanghai and is befriended by American playboy Tommy Randall. She falls asleep in his car which winds up on a ship headed for America. Susan Parker, also on the ship, marries Randall to give Chin-Ching a family. Puthagam is an Indian Tamil film, directed by debutant Vijay Adiraj, a television actor/anchor and produced by S. Manjula for Ram Pictures Private Limited. The movie is about three youngsters whose lives turn upside down after a crucial incident. A former hit-man for a drug cartel becomes a vigilante to pay for his sins and find redemption. University graduate students and prison inmates meet weekly to discuss literature and share personal essays and stories. Classroom sessions and interviews explode the stereotypes of brutish convicts, out-of-touch scholars and callous prison staff, while offering viewers a sense of hope. Shot on location in a minimum-security facility in Wisconsin, this feature-length documentary pays homage to the power of the humanities, the art of teaching and the possibility of redemption for those shunned by society When his SUV breaks down on a remote Southwestern road, Jeff Taylor lets his wife, Amy, hitch a ride with a trucker to get help. When she doesn't return, Jeff fixes his SUV and tracks down the trucker -- who tells the police he's never seen Amy. Johnathan Mostow's tense thriller then follows Jeff's desperate search for his wife, which eventually uncovers a small town's murderous secret. One in four women experience violence in their homes. Have you ever asked, "Why doesn't she just leave?" Private Violence shatters the brutality of our logic and intimately reveals the stories of two women: Deanna Walters, who transforms from victim to survivor, and Kit Gruelle, who advocates for justice. A couple of English tourists arrive at the island of Almanzora, off the Spanish Mediterranean coast, where they discover that there are no adults in a small fishing village, only some children who stare at them and smile mysteriously. The Dwarves, Bilbo and Gandalf have successfully escaped the Misty Mountains, and Bilbo has gained the One Ring. They all continue their journey to get their gold back from the Dragon, Smaug. Minka is a teenage Polynesian boy living in the heart of the city. With his P-addicted mother well on the way to going completely off the rails, three people enter his life - each with a promise - each with the power to destroy. Daryl Graham (Lamman Rucker) has just moved into a Jamaica, Queens, apartment building and his neighbors, both male and female alike, can't stop talking about him. From his extreme attractiveness to his undeniable swag, Daryl is the man every woman wants and every man wants to be. Connie (Brely Evans), an unhappy wife, turns to Daryl for help losing weight, hoping to fix her marriage. But when Daryl starts making Connie feel beautiful again, she questions whether her marriage is worth saving. Benny (Robert Ri'chard), a spoiled teenager raised by a single father, looks up to Daryl. When an unexpected event occurs, Benny is left questioning everything he's ever known to be true. Krystal (Nafessa Williams), Daryl's first love, wants to make things work with her current boyfriend. Yet having Daryl back in her life sends her happy home spiraling out of control. The over-ambitious Koralnik has a dream job: he is a contract killer for a secret EU programme. But even eight years after his training he still hasn't had a single hit. Bored and frustrated, he lives according to the programme's strict rules - withdrawn, no social contact and constantly undercover. One day, the shy Rosa crashes into his car and life. Before he knows it, Koralnik is having dinner with her. For the first time, he can flee his everyday misery for an evening of company. But then the telephone rings. It's Koralnik's first job. With Rosa alongside, Koralnik sets off on a chaotic odyssey through a night in which nothing goes according to plan. It is only when Koralnik's target is revealed to be none other than one of his colleagues that the rigid concept by which he lives finally comes into question. He is confronted with the dilemma of either protecting his secret programme or drawing a line under his unfulfilled existence as a killer. How can it be that, despite the corruption scandals he has been associated with, Jorg Haider is portrayed as a hero after his accidental death? Nathalie Borgers goes to investigate in Carinthia. Her discoveries range from the comically bizarre to the strangely vexing. Swedish-Eritrean radio host Meron Estefanos produces her weekly program at home in Stockholm where she broadcast, devoted entirely to the hundreds of Eritrean refugees held hostage in the Egyptian Sinai Desert. The Bedouins kidnap Eritreans making their way to Israel and demand large ransoms from their families. We follow Meron in her attempts to turn the tide by calling the hostages and kidnappers alike during her radio show. The film focuses on the stories of two hostages: A) Hiriyti was pregnant when she got kidnapped. We hear the young woman talking with her husband Amaniel in Tel Aviv, who is doing everything he can to free his wife and their baby from the torture camp. B) The ransom for 20-year-old Timnit has been paid, but her brother haven't heard anything from her since her flight to the Egyptian-Israeli border. The battle for Hiriyti's release and the search for Timnit takes Meron to Sinai. There, she stumbles on the marks left by the many atrocities. In the year 2045, a Los Angeles Police Department detective and his new android partner enter the Zone, a forbidden section of the city plagued with an unknown disease. There, they discover the source of the illness and attempt to stop it using the android's advanced technology and weaponry. Elizabeth June tries to put the loss of her eight-year-old daughter behind her by going back to teaching. Under the stress of the tragedy her husband Brian has moved out while Elizabeth is desperate to save her marriage and return to a life of normalcy. In her new job she is assigned a mentor, Paul Allenham, who is hiding a deep dark violent past. Paul has an immediate and unsettling attraction to Elizabeth; he will do anything to secure her love. Jes Macallan, Aaron Douglas, and Nic Bishop star. Malpe, a small fishing town on the Arabian Coast. Located 6 kms to the west of the temple town, Udupi. Malpe's beaches are washed clean everyday by the sea. The waves ensure that nothing gets left behind on the sands. But then, the waves cannot reach everything. It is the time of the year when Udupi and its surroundings are decked up to celebrate Sri Krishna Janmaashtami. Men and children walk the streets dressed up as characters from mythology. Teams painted as tigers are seen dancing to drum beats all around the town. But violence seems to be brewing in Malpe this Krishna Janmaashtami.  An idealistic FBI agent is enlisted by a government task force to aid in the escalating war against drugs at the border area between the U.S. and Mexico. 25 years later after the events of Samurai Cop (1991), Detective Frank Washington is forced to team up with his long estranged partner Joe Marshall to solve a series of assassinations being committed by a secret group of female vigilante killers. A thief comes out of prison and begins searching for his sister. Along the way, he meets another thief, a girl, they work together to gather money, but things don't go well.  A psychologist, a psychiatrist and a prison warden open up a long-closed prison, unaware that the ghost of an electrocuted convict haunts it. When a Native American casino controlled by the mob begins to destroy a close-knit rural town, a band of lovable low-tech misfits hatch a plan to beat them at their own game by pulling off an audacious casino heist. Based on Keigo Higashino's award-winning novel, THE DEVOTION OF SUSPECT X follows a professor (Wang Kai) assisting in a murder investigation, only to find that a longtime rival and friend (Zhang Luyi) from his early university days may be involved. Dae-gil has been skilled with his hands and has shown a strong desire for winning ever since he was a child. He will succeed his uncle and jump into the world of Tazza, risking his life in competition. Hungary was the site of serial murders on ethnic basis. Over the course of one year, the murderers killed and seriously injured Roma children and adults. The state charged 4 men with committing the crime with racial motivation. This historical trial started March, 2011, and ended August, 2013 in Budapest. The 167 days of hearings was only documented continuously by our crew. We had exclusive permission to use multiple cameras in the court-room. The film is a classical chamber-drama, taking place in a small, claustrophobic court room, in the middle of Europe. What will be the outcome of the marathon, 3 year-long trial? Genius Belgian detective Hercule Poirot investigates the murder of an American tycoon aboard the Orient Express train. A young guy Siamak has a list of 25 youngsters in his pocket. He has to deliver drugs to them but his father Reza is coming from abroad after many years. He was a runaway but now wants to be a good father for his son. Johnny, an aspiring bodybuilder from Boston leaves behind his troubled past and heads to LA in hopes of training with his mentor from YouTube. His plans are quickly derailed by a shady porn director and a lifelong friend who is a murderous drug runner. The story of a family marked by tragedy gives rise to a reflection on memory, emotional ties, family secrets and the difficulty for new generations of knowing and accepting life events. Set to a classic Duke Ellington recording "Daybreak Express", this is a five-minute short of the soon-to-be-demolished Third Avenue elevated subway station in New York City. A group of teens break into a blind man's home thinking they'll get away with the perfect crime. They're wrong. A psychosomatically deaf, dumb and blind boy becomes a master pinball player and the object of a religious cult. A gritty urban thriller inspired by real events, Adios Vaya Con Dios is the authentic story of two friends within the world of Chicago's Latino street gangs. A day of reckoning approaches for Rory, a rising Irish-Mexican street lieutenant for the Olmecs, when his trusted life-long friend Eloy, just released from prison, dives right back into the chaotic crucible of violence and retribution that engulfs their neighborhood. Their friendship and loyalty to each other is tested to the limit. 25 million dollars, 8 safety deposit boxes, and months before anyone will know it's gone. But Harrison's perfect heist turns deadly when his safe-cracker, Mack, discovers their getaway pilot brutally murdered. Someone knew about the job, someone set them up. Stranded in a frozen hangar, held hostage by someone outside, loyalty turns to suspicion and friends turn to enemies. Now it's a race against time as the band of thieves try to uncover the rat and escape their troubled pasts...if they can survive the night. A documentary about a theorized gang of serial killers that has been killing young men in the United States since 1997. It's believed they have murdered upwards of 80 college-aged men and do so by drowning their victims and then dump the bodies in nearby lakes and rivers for authorities to find. The lives of an arrogant young motivational speaker in debt to the Chinese mafia, his lookin'-to-get-out girlfriend, and a single father in dire straits fatefully intertwine in this nail-biting thriller from Singapore that is based, almost unbelievably, on a true story. Gene Reardon (Hauer) is a twice-divorced police detective who lives with his daughter. When a well-heeled local man is kidnapped, the FBI is called in, which introduces Longsworth (played by Paulina Porizkova). Longsworth happens to have been Reardon's first wife. Reardon's police reputation stinks because he botched a high-profile kidnapping case many years ago, which resulted in a baby who was never found. When ransom demands are finally heard, Reardon must try to solve the case without repeating his mistakes. A teen winds up in over his head while dealing drugs with a rebellious partner and chasing the young man's enigmatic sister during the summer of 1991 that he spends in Cape Cod, Massachusetts. Georgekutty lives a happy life with his wife and daughters. Things take a turn when his daughter gets indecently filmed using a hidden camera, by the son of a police inspector. A satirical thriller about L.A.'s real estate roller coaster. Double crosses, adultery, murder, mistaken identity, and revenge ensues when a mysterious power player and his sultry wife hire a disgraced Los Angeles property broker to discreetly market and sell their Malibu villa. 23-year-old Nikhil comes to Canada from India to find his fortune and is convinced by his uncle to work as a companion and care-giver to Sam, an elderly Jewish man. An unlikely friendship ensues, which gives both men new insight into life. Walter Sparrow is an animal control officer that becomes obsessed with a mysterious book that seems to be based on his own life. As soon as he opens the book, he notices strange parallels between what he reads and what he's experienced. But now he's worried that a fictional murder might materialize. Professional baduk (go) player Tae-seok loses a high-stakes game to infamous underground gambler Sal-soo, and ends up framed for the murder of his own brother and locked up in prison. He vows revenge and trains ferociously. After serving his seven-year sentence, he gets in touch with his brother's former associate "Tricks," hermit and blind master player "The Lord," and skillful junkyard owner Mok-su; together, they begin formulating a plan to get back at Sal-soo and his men. Tae-seok slowly penetrates Sal-soo's inner circle and his gambling joint, and eliminates Sal-soo's men one by one. But Sal-soo discovers Tae-seok's true identity and engages him in one final game that will seal the fates of the two men involved. The lone survivor of the brutal Oakhurst Sanatorium Murders, suffers from severe post-traumatic dissociative disorder in a state run mental health facility. Budget-cuts lead to the transfer of the criminally-insane killer she escaped right to her hospital, while the true supernatural force behind the killings wants to finish what begun the night of the murders.  Lea Tsemel, a Jewish-Israeli lawyer, defends Palestinians: from feminists to fundamentalists, from nonviolent demonstrators to armed militants. As far as most Israelis are concerned, she defends the indefensible. As far as Palestinians are concerned, she's more than an attorney, she's an ally. <<Advocate>> follows Tsemel in real time, including the trial of a 13-year-old boy -- her youngest client to date. When Simon's' dog is taken from him, he stops at nothing to get her back.  Psychiatrist Dr. Lila Colleti is divorcing her husband and is devastated when he wins custody of their two little girls, whom he gets largely because Lila's job, being a psychiatrist for the criminally insane at the local prison, is a potentially dangerous one that forces her to keep long, erratic hours. When one of Lila's patients, Ed Baikman, is released into a half-way house, he decides under the delusional influence of his psychosis to help her out by murdering her ex-husband and his girlfriend, and then threatening to tell the cops they'd planned it together when she refuses to become romantically involved with him. Though Lila's lover, police detective Macy Kobacek, stands by her loyally, Baikman does such an ingenious job of implicating Lila in the crime that even Macy begins to have his doubts about Lila's innocence When the film broke out that a young man coming from a rich adopted family murdered his birth father, the controversy around the case hit a nerve with the public at large. An experiment was held through the form of virtual court inside a college to discuss this hot topic. During the process of virtual court, 12 Chinese people from different walks of life got together and discussed the case like a jury. Through intricate and thought provoking questions from the main character, people start to think more critically about the case. During this process, one sees the revelation of people's bias and emotional-preconceptions about the suspect, about each other, and also about the society. The hunt, capture and trial of Guy Georges, one of France's most notorious serial killer. Pop singer Kari and his girl dump a tightly wrapped mattress on a frozen lake. Things don't quite go as planned, and the two go to Kari's old drummer friend for help. Paranoia, jealousy and a series of increasingly absurd events ensue. Present time. A squad of young soldiers of the Russian army during the march-throw splits from the main group. In order to save time, they decide to cut the path, but get into the strange fog, which transfers them to the past, right into the World War the Second. Boys, who saw fight only in the movies, and imagined it on the training field, get into the heart of the real WAR. Real courage, real fear, real love and hate, and real DEATH. No time to ask questions. Survive and fight for your country! Pedro, Arturo and Eligio are three college professors who lost their job because of economic crisis. Accidentally they find a solution for all of their problems;  a multi-vitamin that allows them to party all night long without any side effects. The three professors will be launched into the world of nightclubs and the shady business, in order to market the merchandise. Of course, it seems that they are not as prepared for it as they thought. Lila, a grief-stricken mother reeling from her son's murder, attends a support group where she meets Eve, who urges her to take matters into her own hands to track down her son's killers. In 1974, 12-year-old Jan Broberg is abducted from a small church-going community in Idaho by a trusted neighbour and close family friend. Ben and Annie are a young couple on a weekend trip to Annie's small North Carolina hometown who, after meeting a charming old friend, embark on an impromptu 'Bigfoot hunt' that threatens both their relationship and their lives. A man takes over a TV station and holds a number of hostages as a political platform to awaken humanity, instead of money. Delving into our collective nightmares, this horror-documentary investigates the origins of our most terrifying urban legends and the true stories that may have inspired them. An under-appreciated intern entrusted with a million dollar necklace races to find out which of his money hungry room-mates betrayed him as he battles a desperate criminal duo bent on stealing. Olivia Pascal stars as Vanessa who was raised in a convent after the death of her parents. Due to an inheritance she travels to Hong Kong to find out the inheritance is a chain of bordellos Security guard Paul Blart is headed to Las Vegas to attend a Security Guard Expo with his teenage daughter Maya before she departs for college. While at the convention, he inadvertently discovers a heist - and it's up to Blart to apprehend the criminals. The prison population of the United States is enormous with over two million individuals currently incarcerated nationwide. Nearly 80,000 of those are held in solitary confinement. They have no human contact and every element of their environment is controlled. Meals come through a slot in the solid steel door, as does all communication with prison staff. They might be allowed to shower once a week. They might not see the outdoors for months or years on end. They spend 22-24 hours a day in their cell with little to no human contact for days or even decades. The sensory deprivation they endure causes severe psychological damage. These people are invisible to us--and eventually to themselves. The UN has condemned solitary confinement. But it continues. (This is a virtual reality project featured as an installation for the first time. It is also a 2016 TFI New Media Fund grantee.) Seduced by the challenge of an impossible case, the driven Dr. Carl Jung takes the unbalanced yet beautiful Sabina Spielrein as his patient. Jung's weapon is the method of his master, the renowned Sigmund Freud. Both men fall under Sabina's spell. A desperate young woman, on the run from the law, takes a job at a remote desert motel. She quickly discovers the motel's patrons are rendezvousing after a large robbery. With nothing to lose, and all to gain, she hatches a plan to steal their loot. Chiller 13 takes another slash at the countdown, this time involving the most iconic Horror movie Villains of all time. Includes guest appearances by Robert Englund, Kane Hodder, Jamie Lee Curtis, Tony Todd, Heather Langenkamp, Gunner Hansen, and many more. 20 years after going MIA in Desert Storm, Aaron returns home under mysterious conditions, not having aged since his disappearance, and must reestablish relationships with loved ones before an imminent return to an ambiguous other-worldly existence. Two friends get tangled up in debt with the local mafia called The Unit. As they look for ways to pay the debt before The Unit comes to collect, they find out there in deeper waters than they thought. To Kill a Dead Man is a short film made in 1994 by the trip hop group Portishead. The film is a spy movie which revolves around an assassination and what happens afterwards. Bounty hunters seek shelter from a raging blizzard and get caught up in a plot of betrayal and deception. Dexter, age 11, who has AIDS, and his next door neighbor Eric, a little older and much bigger, become best friends. Eric also becomes closer to Dexter's mother than to his own, who is neglectful and bigoted and violently forbids their friendship upon learning of it. Dexter and Erik start the journey to find "The Cure" they had read about in the local newspaper. Contrast is the 2009 dvd release from Nimbus Independent. Contrast shows four different skiers that have a very different style of skiing from the rest of the world. American Hostage pulls back the curtains on a terrorist plot centered on a group of terrorists holding two American soldiers hostage on U.S. soil. They demand the release of all prisoners of Guantanamo Bay or they will kill the soldiers. In Seoul in the Republic of Korea, a young couple stands accused of neglect when "Internet addiction" in an online fantasy game costs the life of their infant daughter. Love Child documents the 2010 trial and subsequent ruling that set a global precedent in a world where virtual is the new reality. This is a story about the biggest financial fraud attempted in Hong Kong, directed at the Government of Hong Kong and involved all 7 million Hong Kong citizens... no one is free from the scheme. Within the four decades of guarding Hong Kong's financial integrity, the ICAC has never come across an opponent so huge and so well organized as in the Z Torrent file... shadowy figures from the underworld of South America, Italy and Europe all ready to plot against the estimated 150 million dollars of Hong Kong citizens' tax money which was pooled in a fund called the WELFARE FUND. High profile chartered accountants, high ranking law enforcers, power lawyers, the super entrepreneurs; they all have their shares of play but none can really grasp the big picture; they are there only for what they desire most. Two former cops start investigating the series of murders that tanked their careers when the killings begin again. Heroes Behind The Badge - Sacrifice &amp; Survival is a heart-wrenching true-life crime saga about the men and women of law enforcement and their selfless acts of courage under fire. Rio de Janeiro, in the period in which the Police Pacification Units (PPUs) were beginning to be deployed in the city. Edna (Lilia Cabral) is the mother of Julio (Pedro Nercessian) and Silvio (Fiuk). One day she wakes up desperate to see that Julio just disappeared! Bhanumathi (Swathi) works in the sales department of an energy drinks company. She is in need of money and her lecherous boss (Harshavardhan) tries to take advantage of her position. Fed up with everything, Bhanumathi conspires with Vamsi (Navdeep), who works as a sound technician cum electrician in the mall, and plans the robbery of a truck containing some gold coins belonging to her company. As their plan unfolds, their fate becomes unexpectedly connected to the lives of a pizza delivery boy as well as a rich landlord from Bhimavaram. Can Bhanumathi and Vamsi pull off the heist? That is the story of 'Bangaru Kodipetta' Central London, today; Dee is an anarchic street-artist confronting the system, Marcus is an armed robber on a jewellery store crime-wave. For the two brothers, being Anti-Social is a way of life. Henry and Fay's son Ned sets out to find and kill his father for destroying his mother's life. But his aims are frustrated by the troublesome Susan, whose connection to Henry predates even his arrival in the lives of the Grim family. Bruno Hamel is a thirty eight year old surgeon. He lives in Drummondville with his wife Sylvie, and their eight year-old daughter Jasmine. Like many happy people, he is leading an uneventful life until a beautiful fall afternoon, when his daughter is raped and murdered. From then on, the world of the Hamel family collapses. When the murderer is arrested, a terrible project germinates in Bruno's darkened mind. He plans to capture the "monster" and make him pay for his crime. The day the murderer appears in Court, Hamel, who had prepared his plan in great detail, kidnaps the monster and later sends the police a brief message stating that the rapist and murderer of his daughter was going to be tortured for 7 days and then executed. Once this task accomplished, he will then give himself up. U.S. Forces and the Afghan National Army repell an attack on a Joint Outpost named after a fallen comrade: SPC Patrick Allen Devoe. Apaches engage and kill insurgents in combat. Through flashbacks, Full English Breakfast follows the violent career of Dave Bishop (Dave Courtney) a small-time London villain who kills his way to the top of Britain's drugs empire. Now happily 'retired' on the Kent coast Dave becomes embroiled in a bloody battle of wits with Al Qaeda terrorists who want to take over his criminal empire. Adding to the old mobster's woes is his younger trophy wife (Lucy Drive) wanting to play away with his new driver (Jamie Bannerman). In his first feature film, director Bob Bowdon takes aim at America's public school system, revealing a self-serving network of wasteful cartels that squander funding and fail to deliver when it comes to academic testing and basic skills. Both parents and teachers want change, but reform is an uphill battle in the face of heel-digging bureaucrats and so-called "dropout factories." It's a bona fide crisis that's burgeoning out of control. After his father, an assassin, is brutally murdered, Nick Gant vows revenge on Division, the covert government agency that dabbles in psychic warfare and experimental drugs. Hiding in Hong Kong's underworld, Nick assembles a band of rogue psychics dedicated to destroying Division. Together with Cassie, a teenage clairvoyant, Nick goes in search of a missing girl and a stolen suitcase that could be the key to accomplishing their mutual goal. Based on the story of a notorious real-life con man, this twisty Bollywood thriller revolves around cunning fraudster Raja Natwarlal, who pulls off a series of two-bit scams in Mumbai on his way to a big swindle. A small-time con man wants to get into the big leagues and take on a Goliath in the world of scams. Bay Area experimental filmmaker Kathleen Quillian's latest work artfully examines the art of deception for personal gain. When Jessica Parker's former high school boyfriend, superstar baseball player Chase Taynor, returns to town, she finds the inspiration to reinvent her struggling diner... and revisits the past to find something even better for the future. Meet Shivani Shivaji Roy, Senior Inspector, Crime Branch, Mumbai Police, as she sets out to confront the mastermind behind the child trafficking mafia, which makes the mistake of kidnapping and smuggling a teenage girl who is like a daughter to her. Fighting a war which is very personal and in an obsessive hunt for the girl, Shivani stumbles into the world of debauchery, cruel desires and exploitation and onto a case that will change her life forever. What follows is a cat and mouse game between a fearless cop and a young and ruthless mafia kingpin. Catch Rani Mukerji in the lead, playing an edge of the seat role of a lifetime, in this raw and gritty film which will be a distinct departure from Pradeep Sarkar's style of filmmaking. A pair of star-crossed dancers in New York find themselves at the center of a bitter rivalry between their brothers' underground dance clubs. This is the story of a small Indiana town, a robbery that turned for the worse, the murders of three innocent construction workers, and the trial that followed. It is an account of a young woman named Charity Payne who would become the focal point of a small town's frustration with the criminal justice system. What caused this young woman to become involved in such horrible circumstances? Who were the three victims? What impact did it have on a small rural Indiana town? This film explores the crimes and asks the question: Without Charity, would these crimes have taken place? An ex-special services veteran, down on his luck and desperate for work, takes a job as a security guard at a run-down mall in a rough area of town. On his first night on the job, he opens the door to a distraught and desperate young girl who has fled the hijacking of a Police motorcade that was transporting her to testify as a witness in a trial. Hot on her heels is the psychopathic hijacker and his team of henchmen, who will stop at nothing to extract and eliminate the witness. A defense attorney works to get his teenage client acquitted of murdering his wealthy father. When a contract killer (Steven Seagal) encounters a girl on the run from a dangerous mob boss (Vinnie Jones) with powerful political ties, running a human trafficking operation, he is torn between protecting the girl, and remaining loyal to the government agency that hired him. In a small Parisian building, a diverse group of people crosses paths, likes and observes each other, without always seeing each other. Can we really be fully human without Free Speech? Is free speech the oxygen of our society? Without it we crumble. Free Speech Fear Free get's to the core of what free speech really is, and the impact it has on our day to day lives. It compares the UK with Belarus and shows what life is really like without Free Speech. It tells chilling stories of a dictatorship that destroys people's standard of living. Once America's Jewel, Sewer City sits on the edge of her toilet seat, as all citizens tremble in fear of the Sewer City Killer. This foul, possibly eternal serial killer, has taken a liking to coming up through the sewer pipes, and murdering people as the sit on the toilet. The Citizens are fed up, and Mayor Fred Tickle-burger is feeling the backlash. He hires a homeless plumber, who goes only by the name, Bum Plum, to hunt the serial killer, and destroy him. To make sure the bum doesn't lose his nerve, he holds his hooker wife, hostage. Who will win in the epic battle between circle saw, and plunger? After his best friend dies in an unexpected accident, black market dealer Young-gyu decides to wash his hands off his illegal activities and start a new life with his girlfriend Yu-ri. But his dream stalls when he learns that Yu-ri needs money for her father's surgery. To help her out, Young-gyu decides to do the job one last time. His smuggling ring operates out of a boat that runs between Korea and China, picking victims from its voyager pool and harvesting their organs. Meanwhile, a married couple, Sang-ho and Chae-hee, boards Young-gyu's passenger boat heading to Weihai, China. That very evening, just when the boat enters international sea waters where countries' laws cannot be enforced, Chae-hee goes missing and all her pictures and belongings vanishes without a trace. Young-gyu finds Yu-ri on the same ship, and she claims to be the only witness to Chae-hee's disappearance. Kyle Braddock has spent the last decade moving witnesses over the border to Mexico and has always avoided confrontation or suspicion until now. Not only has he been framed for kidnapping but there's a malevolent and unrelenting figure on his trail and he is falling in love with his latest passenger, who has a dark secret that completely goes against all of his moral beliefs. Now he must protect the first person he has cared about in over ten years, discover who he is as a man and outrun a mysterious killer who is more akin to a force of nature, with an ever increasing path of human collateral in his wake. Jim Harvey is hired to guard a small wagon train as it makes its way west. The train is attacked by Indians and Harvey, hoping to persuade Aguila, the chief, to call off the attack due to Harvey's having saved his son's life, leaves the train to negotiate. He is captured and the rest of the train is wiped out except for two sisters. Escaping and showing up in town later, Harvey is nearly hanged as a deserter, but gets away. Eventually caught by the sheriff and his posse, they are attacked by Indians. This time the Indians are defeated and Aguila, captured and dying, reveals the identity of the white man who engineered the initial attack on the wagon train, just as the perpetrator rides up behind them. Once again, David Graham Scott examines how some addicts use the plant medicine iboga to detox rapidly--and how, sometimes, the conditions in which they detox put them at risk. By a strange twist of fate, dutiful Hong Kong policeman Dan saves the life of the leader of a violent gang of armed robbers.  When they commit another crime, Dan is determined to put an end to their activities.  He works with the leader, whom the gang had betrayed, to engineer a plan to wreak havoc within the gang and let the gangsters kill one another.  But it becomes increasingly obvious to Dan and to his colleagues that Dan is suffering from a severe mental disorder, and Dan finds that instead of upholding the law as a righteous police officer, he has now become a fugitive wanted for murder. Based upon the true story of Bruce Johnston Sr., his son, and his brothers; together, they constituted one of suburban Philadelphia's most notorious crime families during the 1970's. Their criminal activities ranged from burglary, theft... and ultimately, murder. An Iranian expat living in London has a shady past and an enigmatic present. A convict, wrongfully accused and sent a harsh prison colony, attempts to escape. Glen, a former sperm donor and recently diagnosed sociopath, takes his daughter on a murder spree of his sperm-donated offspring in the dark comedy, 'Spermicide.' Two unemployed people lose control and start earning money through some frauds. A job interview goes horribly wrong when a lie detector exposes people's true feelings about each other. Communication gaps surface when a man returns home after a 14 year prison term and is finally forced to take his tormentor head on A clash of two cultures, one primitive and the other exotic wild and cunning, but both of them with a violence and crime story, will face with each other in a house. Based on a Urban Legend Breaking out of prison with a child in her womb and a dream of a normal existence, Arlene Holsclaw (Rebecca De Mornay) resolves to get a job and lead a good, Christian life. But the ghosts from her past -- including an ex-boyfriend (Rob Knepper) who wants to pimp her out and a sadistic mother (Ellen Burstyn) who plots to take away Arlene's baby -- have other plans. This made-for-TV drama is based on Marsha Norman's off-Broadway play. When a systems engineer blows the whistle on a dangerous technology, Charlie's Angels from across the globe are called into action, putting their lives on the line to protect society.  After Sara Silverstein suddenly finds herself involved in a series of violent attacks she realizes she needs to unravel her father's past in order to neutralize this threat. Hollywood veteran Bing Russell creates the only independent baseball team in the country--alarming the baseball establishment and sparking the meteoric rise of the 1970s Portland Mavericks. A mother has lost her child to the most appalling crime - the police are compromised, the private investigator she hired in her desperate search for answers has disappeared. Her only hope for retribution is to contact the man she swore would never be a part of her life. Over a slow-burning 24 hours we pass through the lives of seven lost souls, all damaged and all strangely linked to each other and the terrible events that are about to unfold. Caught behind the Iron Curtain at the close of the Cold War, CIA agent Alec Carville (Brian Bosworth) has spent 11 years held captive by the KGB in a mental institute. But he's finally offered a shot at freedom by an old nemesis -- if he steals a much-coveted formula for unlimited energy, a formula sought to ignite a global war. Now, he'll have to run his own covert mission to outmaneuver the enemy. Muzafar and Feruz are two easy going shepherds from Taboulistan, a tiny country in Asia that is unknown to the rest of the world. To alert the world to his country's existence, the son of Taboulistan's president decides to instigate a program of publicity terrorism. To that end, he recruits our two naive shepherds, their mission: to destroy the Eiffel Tower! But the France that Muzafar and Feruz discovers is far from what they had expected... Jakob, Dominik and Oliver are best friends, they play soccer and work as priests. They are united in their belief that the catholic church can make the world a better place. But when Dominik is confronted with allegations that he abused a boy, Jakob's world collapses. Torn between his beliefs and the friendship to Dominik, he's committed to finding the truth. A lonely hotel by a lonely road. Sarah is lost, looking for somewhere to sleep. She's come to the wrong place. A lonely hotel by a lonely road. Sarah is lost, Jenny is looking for her. She's come to the right place. The Bridgeburn Hotel Industrious high school senior, Vee Delmonico, has had it with living life on the sidelines. When pressured by friends to join the popular online game Nerve, Vee decides to sign up for just one dare in what seems like harmless fun. But as she finds herself caught up in the thrill of the adrenaline-fueled competition partnered with a mysterious stranger, the game begins to take a sinister turn with increasingly dangerous acts, leading her into a high stakes finale that will determine her entire future.  This action-packed sequel to the original "Atlanta HEAT" 2012 embarks on Detective Sadie Parks (Jarneen Brown) and the team of undercover detectives efforts to get the drugs off the streets of Atlanta. Sadie has engaged in both sides of the fence and has such compromised the team. Her Chief (Jeanine Chait) must create a diversion from internal affairs. A must-see action drama packed with HEAT! A renowned former army scout is hired by ranchers to hunt down rustlers but finds himself on trial for the murder of a boy when he carries out his job too well. Tom Horn finds that the simple skills he knows are of no help in dealing with the ambitions of ranchers and corrupt officials as progress marches over him and the old west. After 16 years in jail is Harms attracted by the big bucks: a raid on the central bank, 70 to 100 millions in cash. A former staff member can arrange access to the bank. However, the team needs to be careful - too many bills, too many problems. One third of the money should suffice but Harms underestimated the deadly power of greed. The project gets out of control... The third movie about a Chinese special force soldier with extraordinary marksmanship. 35 Cows and a Kalashnikov is a joyously made triptych about warrior-farmers, colorful dandies and voodoo wrestlers in Ethiopia, Brazzaville and Kinshasa. It paints a loving and attentive portrait of African pride and beauty. Lying is a universal language, spoken and understood by 7 billion people. none of us can evade the jinx of The Seventh Lie - Self Deception. Chauffeur Song claims to be a part-time killer. Or is he a womanizer, tries to get in the heart of his chum's wife Julianne? Julianne checks into a hotel with Song to discover his frightful plan. A sneaky Hotel Bellhop bumps into them. Could he come to Julianne's rescue? Or is he a brilliant con-artist who attempts to rip off moneyed guests of the hotel? In this hotel, he uncovers his darkest secret and comes across a Runaway Bride Gwen. The lives of these seemingly unassociated souls are interlaced together to face the appalling truth beneath their lies. Diamond Babu (Sumanth Shailendra) is person who is obsessed with brands, he inherits the quality from his father who ensures even the match box used in his house is of reputed brand and dress code at a funeral is white and white, he moulds his son like him. A Manic depressive artist survives a suicidal fall only to be possessed by a murdered gangster, who uses the artist to seek vengeance on those that ended his life. When blonde bombshell Meredith Lake breezes into his office, New York private eye Bob Signorelli can't resist giving her "personal" attention. But their one-night stand becomes a deadly liaison when they are linked to a homicide; and a night of steamy passion snowballs into a marathon of madness and murder... FREEWAY: CRACK IN THE SYSTEM tells the story of broken dreams, drug dealers, dirty cops, and government complicity--more compelling than fiction, it's the real story behind America's longest war. This documentary by award-winning filmmaker Marc Levin (SLAM, Mr. Untouchable, Brick City) exposes how the infiltration of crack cocaine destroyed inner-city neighborhoods across the country. At the center of it all is the rise, fall and redemption of Freeway Rick Ross, a street hustler who became the King of Crack, and journalist Gary Webb, who broke the story of the CIA's complicity in the drug war. Featuring exclusive interviews with Freeway Rick Ross, not to be confused with the rapper who took his name Pulitzer Prize winning journalist Gary Webb, his source Coral Baca, and wife Susan Webb former Los Angeles Deputy Sheriff Roberto Juarez drug trafficker Julio Zavala and many more. Sonny "Sundown" Garcia is the top cocaine distributor in the United States, which has made him a very rich and powerful man. It has also made him plenty of enemies. John Doe is just such a man. A nameless man of mystery, John lives to see Sundown not just dead, but to suffer six meaningful losses before his death--his fortune, his freedom, his love, his reputation, his most valuable possession and, finally, his life. John hires six hit-men, each one assigned to inflict one of the six meaningful losses upon Sundown.  Motive is an edgy thriller that centers around Emery Simms, a highly educated and successful business tycoon who happens to be married to the quintessential wife Constance. Things go dangerously awry when the thrill seeking Emery engages in an adulterous fling with the wildly free-spirited and exotic Allanah. Timing couldn't be any worse when the politics of high society, shady business deals, bad press, and a violent murder collide, they threaten to destroy more than just his shaky marriage. As police probe into his situation, they uncover a labyrinth of deception, agendas and motives, where the stakes are enormous and nothing is what it seems. A young man fired from his job finds bundles of cash at his doorstep. He decides to keep it but two gangs, to whom the money belongs, come after him. Can he dodge them and getaway with the cash? Sunny, a priest, comes to know that Vavachan is running an old age home with vile intentions. He wants the corpses of the inmates for the medical college run by his son. Sunny decides to expose this. A poet suffers feuding psychiatrists and shifting reality while committeed to a mental institution. The local theater is producing a mystery that crime fiction expert Amy unearthed. When one of the actress' life is threatened, Amy & Travis must uncover which character is playing for keeps. Deep in the jungles of Southeast Asia, a terrorist organization has stolen materials to create a dangerous chemical bomb. It is up to Captain Max Randall and his team of Marines to stop them. But when Randall's team kill the terrorist leader's son, the group responds by kidnapping General Wallace's daughter. It is up to Randall to save her and stop the terrorist attack. A costume drama / satire about financial skull-duggery, and confidence tricksters in both the upper and lower classes in Victorian London. A working class man impersonates a lord who is supposedly very rich and a financial wizard. As such he is invited to all the best peoples' parties. The life of Kim Davis, the young live-in girlfriend of legendary casino owner Ray Easler, is thrown upside down when she falls for Matt Duvall, the man Ray hires to bury his $20 million fortune of silver on the floor of the Nevada desert. A struggling Mongolian stuntman returns to the big city after suffering a serious head injury but soon finds himself thrust back into the fray when presented with an opportunity to become a serious actor. Vettri joins a detective agency and is assigned a series of subjects to observe. He falls in love with Madhusree, one of his targets, and just when everything seems to be going fine, Vettri's subjects start dying mysteriously. Can he save Madhu before it is too late? A brother's journey to unravel the truth about the mythic death and little known life of Kitty Genovese, who was reportedly murdered in front of 38 witnesses and has become the face of urban apathy. Mafia daughter Suki finds herself at the wrong end of a drug deal and left for dead. Set in a timeless mythical forest inhabited by fairies, goblins, unicorns and mortals, this fantastic story follows a mystical forest dweller, chosen by fate, to undertake a heroic quest. He must save the beautiful Princess  Lili and defeat the demonic Lord of Darkness, or the world will be plunged into a never-ending ice age. An aspiring director targets a ruthless gangster for making a violent gangster film. His discreet attempts to research the gangster fail miserably. Finally when he gets caught snooping, the tables are turned on him. No overview found. After 5 years of calm, these foul-mouthed rappers returned with the release of their 6th album To The 5 Boroughs, the most eagerly anticipated new record of the year so far. This documentary includes exclusive and previously unseen film footage and in-depth interviews with the band and those that have worked closely with the Beastie Boys during their career, including close friends, colleagues, journalists, producers and musicians. Psychiatrist Sam Foster has a new patient, Henry Letham, who claims to be suicidal. In trying to diagnose him, Sam visits Henry's prior therapist and also finds Henry's mother -- even though Henry has said that he murdered both of his parents. As reality starts to contradict fact, Sam spirals into an unstable mental state. Then he finds a clue as to how and when Henry may try to kill himself, and races to try to stop him. Trade in drugs in Serbia (Balkan). Thirteen young people we spoke to, who are serving their sentences for this crime, are telling a story about the entrance into that vicious circle, and about how difficult is to find the way out of it. A photojournalist suffering from PTSD returns home from Iraq and finds himself struggling to keep his sanity and family intact. Returning to themes he first explored in La strada (1954), Fellini crafts a parable on the whisperings of the soul that only madmen and vagabonds are capable of hearing. The odd couple, Ivo Salvini (Benigni), a fake inspector of wells, and Gonnella (Villaggio), a former prefect, wander through the Emilia-Romagna countryside of Fellini's childhood and discover a dystopia of television commercials, fascism, beauty pageants, rock music, Catholicism, and pagan ritual. A professional poker player falls deep into underworld when he takes an unexpected wager from a mysterious high roller. From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia: High Diving Hare is a 1948-produced Warner Brothers Looney Tunes theatrical cartoon short starring Bugs Bunny and Yosemite Sam. Released to theaters on April 30, 1949, the short is an expansion of a gag from Stage Door Cartoon, which was also directed by Friz Freleng. Jessica and Dave along with three other young couples are kidnapped in Griffith Park by unseen Abductors and must fight to escape certain death only to discover the world will never be the same. After 3 DEA agents are killed by crime boss Mr. Li (Hong), the DEA reluctantly calls in New York cop and martial arts expert Tyler Wilson (Blanks) and sends him undercover on assignment to Toronto to team up with Canadian vice cop Michael Reeds (Merhi). Wilson and Reeds must infiltrate Li's gang, so enter a martial arts tournament that Mr Li is known to attend to recruit talent. A young woman lies dead in a house, strangled by her boyfriend in a fit of jealous rage. Full of steroids and remorse, he waits for the law to arrive. But the law is his father, a powerful and corrupt detective who races to the murder scene first so he can tamper with the evidence and thwart the police case. When the son literally gets away with murder, the dead woman's distraught brother Jeremy arranges his own justice. A homicide detective traumatized by the death of his father has to investigate a series of strange murders, while the hit man responsible for them confesses to a priest that he will be his next victim. A teacher's world is torn apart when his wife and children are brutally murdered at the hands of a ruthless gang. Left for dead and with no one to turn to, he takes matters into his own hands and hits the streets in search of justice. The lone surviving thief of a violent armored car robbery is sprung from a high security facility and administered an experimental drug. A feature-length documentary film about hip-hop DJing, otherwise known as turntablism. From the South Bronx in the 1970s to San Francisco now, the world's best scratchers, beat-diggers, party-rockers, and producers wax poetic on beats, breaks, battles, and the infinite possibilities of vinyl. Working class Danny aims to kick start a revolution by turning the tables on the establishment with a deadly game of chance. When Tuva's parents die in a car crash, she learns that she is adopted. Disappointed with those around her for never telling her the truth, she sets off with her own daughter in search of her biological mother. The film tells the life of Tito Pereyra since his childhood in a town of Tucuman (with an absent father) until the 1980 s in Buenos Aires, when democracy was restored. During that period he makes decisions that will change his life forever.It shows a human being with both bright and dark aspects, whose contrasts seem to determine his destiny. John Faust, a guilt driven detective, is offered a pact by the demon of vengeance. John Faust's lover is trapped in Hell. If he kills three serial killers using their own signature styles, he will be granted access to Hell to set her free. Three stories of people driven to extremes as the reality of violence creeps into their lives. Three overgrown punk women set their violent anti-male sights on a beauty pageant and its buffoonish billionaire director. One Woman Waiting evokes questions of subjectivity in the mirrored performance of two women. The single take, tableau composition forms the structure for catalytic change between the characters. The sensuous desert environment accentuates the poetic and ephemeral quality of this film. Though Kevin has evidenced 23 personalities to his trusted psychiatrist, Dr. Fletcher, there remains one still submerged who is set to materialize and dominate all the others. Compelled to abduct three teenage girls led by the willful, observant Casey, Kevin reaches a war for survival among all of those contained within him -- as well as everyone around him -- as the walls between his compartments shatter apart. Bhai Ji is a high-tech robber who changes his looks frequently. Disguised as jewelry experts, he and his team members hatch a plan to steal precious jewelry from a palace in Kerala. 32-year-old Janete has her life on hold. With her dad ( a reformed colonel from the military police) facing a death state in the hospital, she does nothing but spend his last days beside him. While waiting for the inevitable end of this painful journey, Janete writes incessantly, sometimes on her laptop, sometimes on a notebook. Following the dealings of a Melbourne-based hitman Ray as seen through the eyes of his ex-neighbour and friend Max, an Italian film student. Max and his camera witness Ray's work life as it unfolds from day to day, giving an insight into a world we rarely see, and at the same time developing an unusual friendship with his subject. The story of a drifter named Paul who arrives in a small town seeking revenge on the thugs who murdered his friend. Sisters Mary Anne and Ellen, who run the town's hotel, help Paul in his quest for vengeance. Welcome to Sin City. This town beckons to the tough, the corrupt, the brokenhearted. Some call it dark... Hard-boiled. Then there are those who call it home -- Crooked cops, sexy dames, desperate vigilantes. Some are seeking revenge, others lust after redemption, and then there are those hoping for a little of both. A universe of unlikely and reluctant heroes still trying to do the right thing in a city that refuses to care. A young, single pastor needs a date for a church dinner, so he hires his neighbor next door, who works as a prostitute, to accompany him. As she becomes more entangled in his life, her demands become more outrageous. Now he must navigate a moral minefield as he uses the unholy alliance to advance his ministry career. And things get more complicated when he starts to fall in love with her. A comedy about people who desperately want to convert each other. The last two decades have seen a striking decline in the quality of sound and listening experience. Compressed music, MP3s and streaming, have diminished the quality and flattened the emotion. Marketing gimmicks and convenience now take the place of excellence. The Distortion of Sound is an eye-opening expose of the current state of sound starring Linkin Park, Slash, Quincy Jones and more. This documentary will open your ears and inspire you to reach for richer, more soul-stirring musical experiences. A team of hardened detectives come face to face with evil as they investigate a killing spree in San Bernardino California. A serial killer is terrorizing a small college town. When a student begins to have psychic visions of the killer with clues as to who he is, he gives this information to the police - only to find that he himself is suspected of committing the murders. Time-lapses of cacti and succulent over the course of a year. Environmental data drives the tone and filtration of the sounds while the rising and setting of the sun illuminates plant growth in and out phase with each each other. Set in the Golden Age of Aviation, Andrew Lancaster follows the life and times of his great uncle, Captain Bill Lancaster. Against his family's wishes, he uncovers a fascinating tale of high adventures, obsession, a love triangle and a sensational murder trial. All self-taught dancer Kate Parker has ever wanted to do was perform with the American Academy of Ballet. But when she doesnt make it after auditioning, she learns that it takes more than precision and perfection to succeed in the dance world. When his fiancee is kidnapped by human traffickers, Roman and his ex-military brothers set out to track her down and save her before it is too late. Along the way, Roman teams up with Avery, a cop investigating human trafficking and fighting the corrupt bureaucracy that has harmful intentions. The film tells the story of three teenagers, based on real life gangsters Charles "Lucky" Luciano (Michael Nouri), Benjamin "Bugsy" Siegel (Joe Penny) and Michael Lasker (Brian Benben) (a fictional character who was most likely modeled after Meyer Lansky), growing up in New York's ghettos during the early 1900s to their rise though organized crime. Buenos Aires in the 1980s. Detective Chavez, a family man and a tough cop, once again must solve a mysterious crime. To reveal the identity of the murderer, Chavez must clarify the enigma waiting in ambush to capture his own heart. Passion surprises even the most astute detective. What will triumph: law or desire? Jamaican Gangsters Apex Rising 2016 JONAH, an unemployed gambler, takes his estranged pot-smoking teen-aged daughter AURORA on a dangerous road trip to Churchill, Manitoba to show her the magnificent Northern Lights - before her vision disorder renders her completely blind. Rachel Watson, devastated by her recent divorce, spends her daily commute fantasizing about the seemingly perfect couple who live in a house that her train passes every day, until one morning she sees something shocking happen there and becomes entangled in the mystery that unfolds. Each year in the United States, unparalleled innovations in medical diagnostics, treatment, and technology hit the market. But when the same devices designed to save patients end up harming them, who is accountable? A migrant worker named Austin finds himself the target of a deadly corporate cover-up in a small Wyoming town. Five criminals unknown to each other are hired to complete a bank robbery. What should have been a smooth operation soon descends into paranoia, violence and horror. The sequel to Paul Tanter's "He Who Dares" will continue to follow the Special Air Service (SAS) anti-hijacking counter-terrorism team. In the thriller, Christopher Lowe finds himself summoned to 10 Downing Street to be dishonorably discharged from the SAS for disobeying a direct order, despite the fact that he saved the Prime Minister's only daughter. Brenner returns to Graz, the city where he grew up. When confronted with his old friends, his former girlfriend and the major sin he committed when he was young, murders and a fateful gunshot to the head result. After Brenner comes out of a coma, he begins to search for the person who tried to kill him - however, everybody claims that he himself is responsible. In the beginning Brenner was at the end of his rope, but he could face a new beginning in the end. STEVIE D is a humorous crime drama about a Los Angeles construction magnate whose only son has accidentally killed a connected man. A sinister plan is hatched that sends the son into hiding while an unsuccessful actor is hired to fill his shoes and unknowingly take the hit. Thriller set in the world of Forensic Pathology. Coroner Paul Herzfeld finds a capsule in the head of a heavily mutilated corpse, containing a phone number and single word: the name of his daughter. Ronnie lost her brother, Faye lost her first love. These two best friends take off on a debaucherous road trip to the mountains to get over the death of the guy they both loved. There is a murder while at prayer. Selman Bulut, the imam of mosque, starts to investigate the murder and faces with people in the neighborhood. A year after becoming the toast of New York City's art scene, photographer Max Martin has lost his ability to take a decent picture. On the night before his make-or-break gallery opening, surrounded by the trappings of success but devoid of inspiration, Max embarks on a bizarre trek through the city in search of ten mysterious photographs that could save his career. Shot in brilliant color and dramatic black and white, first-time director Jeremy Stein's industrial New York City is a wonderland, roamed by witches and magical creatures, where survival hinges on the completion of a simple quest. Accompanied by an unlikely crew of strangers he meets along the way, Max trips through a modern-day Oz and rediscovers the easily forgotten value of seeing magic reflected in everyday life. Radicals. Agitators. Troublemakers. Liberators. Called many names, the abolitionists tore the nation apart in order to create a more perfect union. Men and women, black and white, Northerners and Southerners, poor and wealthy--these passionate anti-slavery activists fought body and soul in the most important civil rights crusade in American history. What began as a pacifist movement fueled by persuasion and prayer became a fiery and furious struggle that forever changed the nation.  The Abolitionists takes place during some of the most violent and contentious decades in American history. It reveals how the movement shaped history by exposing the fatal flaw of a republic founded on liberty for some and bondage for others. In the face of personal risks--beating, imprisonment, even death--abolitionists held fast to their cause, laying the civil rights groundwork for the future and raising weighty constitutional and moral questions that are still with us today. An ex-con reunites with his estranged wayward 16-year old daughter to protect her from drug dealers who are trying to kill her. David Sakurai 'Iron Fist', 'In Order of Disappearance') stars as Le Accelerator, an assassin who goes on a spiritual journey. He believes that the only thing everyone has in common is that we are going to die, we are all heading for the same final destination. However, he will be there to accelerate your journey. Shot entirely on Super 8mm in Marrakech, Copenhagen, London, Bangkok and NYC, 'Le Accelerator' also stars George Khan ('Fifth Element'), Bobby Rhodes ('Demons'), James VanBebber ('Manson Family') and Elvira Friis ('Nymphomaniac'). When his girlfriend is kidnapped by an underground prostitution ring, a neighborhood loser clashes with a pimp, Asian gangsters, and renegade killers.  An overview of the life of the most shocking, vile, and notorious of punk rock legends. Valencia, Spain. On a rainy morning, six armed men in disguise assault a bank. But what seemed like an easy heist, quickly goes wrong with nothing unfolding as planned, and mistrust quickly builds between the two leaders of the gang. A hooker, a bank robber and an innocent young woman clash over love and loot from a robbery. Jussi Vares find two bodies of Turku outskirts of women, which has been shot in the head, and the man whose body is full of runes similar to the cuts, which suggest that the murder would have been part of the dark ritual. A year later, Vares is hired to investigate these homicides. Cable Wires take Varesta towards Turku underworld dominant invisible godfather, sheriff. Sheriff is the man whom nobody knows and we do not discuss. Vares drifts dangerously close to the "jury", the secret underworld lord clubs, the members of the human spirit is a cheap commodity. Rummaging through the case Vares get too close to the truth. The Addams family's lives begin to unravel when they face-off against a treacherous, greedy crafty reality-TV host while also preparing for their extended family to arrive for a major celebration. An ambitious lawyer finds himself caught in a power struggle between a corrupt pharmaceutical executive and his firm's senior partner. When the case takes a deadly turn, he must race to uncover the truth before he loses everything. Aiello plays a powerful salesman whose world is falling apart. An Episcopal Bishop, Henry Brougham, has been working for months on the plans for an elaborate new cathedral which he hopes will be paid for primarily by a wealthy, stubborn widow. He is losing sight of his family and of why he became a churchman in the first place. Enter Dudley, an angel sent to help him. Dudley does help everyone he meets, but not necessarily in the way they would have preferred. With the exception of Henry, everyone loves him, but Henry begins to believe that Dudley is there to replace him, both at work and in his family's affections, as Christmas approaches. Laura manages to escape from dangerous old gangster Don Fabiano and his crew. With a motorcycle and a bag filled with money and weapons, she hits the road leaving her obscure past behind. Her escape route ends up at a farm house in the middle of nowhere, were she will meet a shady local family, a little girl Julie, her mother Eli and her tormented father Richie. Laura thinks she has left her past behind, but her past has not left her yet and soon various assassins will arrive to the house as Laura and her new family will have to survive the attacks. A fanatic medical student has developed a serum that causes extremely realistic visions. When a young woman who is a subject of his, begins taking the serum, she has terrifying visions of her own death. On the heels of The New York Times' breaking news story revealing new information about President Trump's financial history, David Barstow, Russell Buettner and Susanne Craig expose the untold story of how Donald Trump became rich. Following the death of his employer and mentor, Bumpy Johnson, Frank Lucas establishes himself as the number one importer of heroin in the Harlem district of Manhattan. He does so by buying heroin directly from the source in South East Asia and he comes up with a unique way of importing the drugs into the United States. Partly based on a true story. When an Asian American girl from the wrong side of the tracks is accepted by a prestigious university, she finds that her academic prowess can be put to lucrative use.  A big shot prosecutor Teodor Szacki divorces his wife and leaves Warsaw to "start a new life" in picturesque town in southeast Poland  Sandomierz. After a short while he is called in to investigate a strange and mysterious murder case. Alienated in provincial reality he struggles to find a killer, when he stumbles upon more victims. While the investigation continues he realizes that all murders are connected to alleged historical Jewish ritual killings. Those murders prompt a wave of antiSemitic hysteria in the town. In his investigation Szacki must wrestle with the painful tangle of PolishJewish relations and real findings of his work  that roots of some legends arefantasy, not a grain of truth... It's been 24 years since the serial killer Douglas Fisher was executed on Easter night. This year, a group partying teenagers not only raise some hell, but literally raise the dead. Set in a near-future, militarized world marked by closed borders, virtual labor and a global digital network that joins minds and experiences, three strangers risk their lives to connect with each other and break the barriers of technology. Based on the life and hardships faced by a journalist JD. He faced rape charges from his fellow journalist. Film also shows how politician use media for their own benefit. Woo-gon, a passionate manager who lost everything due to stock advertisements and a specialist gets together to find out the truth behind the rumors that have shaken up the country. From precious information to distribution, this crime chasing movie surrounds the invisible truth. Masao (Kokone Sasaki) was once famous for having supernatural powers, but she now lives as a prostitute. Her special power is to know when a person will die by touching them. Masao has sex with men about to die.  One day, a man named Tachibana (Shima Ohnishi) appears in front of her and expresses his wish to film her. In reality, Tachibana wants to take revenge on her. His wife killed herself after learning from Masao that she would die. Tachibana though becomes attracted to Masao. When a murder suspect is found dead, homicide detective Doug Ellis is forced to close one case, only to open another. But his obsession with the truth places him squarely in the middle of the case he's supposed to be investigating. Andre Nickatina Presents: 'Ugly Money' a film written, directed and starring Gino Carnell as Mack, a smooth talking pimp and his two ladies, Carmela (Lucia Reveles) and Amber (Amanda Colmen). This movie takes the audience on a journey through the trials and tribulations of modern urban survival with sharp edged insightfulness. The soundtrack features YukMouth, Andre Nickatina, Equipto and G-Noc. A Yo Yo Singh wannabe desi rapper is arrested and blackmailed by the NYPD into becoming an undercover police informant. A nebbish of a morgue attendant gets shunted back to the night shift where he is shackled with an obnoxious neophyte partner who dreams of the "one great idea" for success. His life takes a bizarre turn when a prostitute neighbour complains about the loss of her pimp. His partner, upon hearing the situation, suggests that they fill that opening themselves using the morgue at night . An investigation into accusations of teenagers being sexually abused within the film industry. Mitrice Richardson, a lovely 24 year old African-American woman, was released late at night from the Malibu, California Sheriffs jail after having been detained for not paying her bill at an upscale restaurant. She was described as 'acting crazy' and, in fact, was having a mental crisis. She was released into the mountainous region with no cell, no purse, no ID, no car, no way home and vanished. Eleven months later her remains were found in a desolate Malibu canyon. 'Lost Compassion,' shot from ten days after Mitrice went missing, tells the complex, emotional inside story of the search for Mitrice and struggles with the Los Angeles Sheriff's Department, whose deputies lied about her arrest and likely were involved with her disappearance and murder. This Disney drama, originally broadcast as a three-part TV episode, tells the story of a vicar's double life. Outwardly, he is the model of upstanding citizenship and loyalty to an oppressive British government. But he is also a notorious smuggler who uses his ill-gotten gains to benefit his impoverished village. A girl and her friends find a game in the attic that summons a creature known as The Midnight Man, who uses their worst fears against them. Burma, a gangster and politician, is after Vijay, who, he thinks, has swindled him of a huge amount of money. But Vijay claims that the money was stolen from him. Is he lying? If not, who has stolen the money and why? Pierre Hunter, a bartender with unyielding optimism, returns to his tiny hometown after his parents' death. When he falls for the enigmatic Stella, Pierre is unknowingly pulled into a cat-and-mouse game that involves a duffel bag full of cash, a haphazard yet determined criminal, and a mystery that will determine all of their fates. A contemporary fable about the ways we struggle to control time and fate in a possibly predetermined universe. Four young men make a risky investment together that gets them into trouble with the mob. A fragile young artist (LILY), fresh out of University, meets an attractive young man in a club (FINN). Lily invites Finn to come and stay with her at her house while her parents vacation in Italy for the summer. When Lily's jealous younger brother (JAMIE) finds out that Finn is not who he claims to be, Jamie decides to play a sinister game to get rid of him. Delves into the shooting death of Mark Duggan, a young black British man, by London Metropolitan Police in 2011. An inexperienced detective and a psychologist must learn to work together to stop a masked killer who's terrorizing their small town. Percy and Veronica have been housesitting at a palatial modern spread in the Hollywood Hills for the summer, but the real world of New York, jobs and young professional struggles are merely days away. Nonetheless they are in a hurry to leave this paradise, because the tranquility was broken by an unwanted visit by former college classmate Freedgood. His time since their liberal arts' years has been marked by imprisonment, shady business associations, and drug dealing. And as we learn quickly, this has lead to the man's demise, an interested LAPD detective, and a longing for the everyday strife that seems so much more desirable than staying in their false Eden. A Boston police officer goes to Nantucket to investigate the murder of his partner, but he finds more than he bargained for. In this imaginative independent drama, Angela (Chloe Winkel) is a French art student living in Germany who loves to draw comics and creates elaborate tales drawn in a soft and romantic style. One night, Angela meets Yamamoto (Jon Yang), a club DJ from Japan, who invites her to come to Tokyo with him. Infatuated with Yamamoto, Angela impulsively agrees, and is soon sharing an apartment with a handful of Western expatriates who work at a nightclub where Japanese businessmen drink, sing karaoke, and date the "hostesses" for a fee. Henry Steele is a basketball phenom at his small town high school, but when he matriculates to a big city university on a scholarship, soon realizes that he has few skills outside the sport. Expected by his coach to contribute significantly to the team, Henry is overwhelmed by the demands on his time, the "big business" aspect of college sports, and the fact that he never fully learned to read. Things look bleak for Henry when Janet Hays, a pretty graduate student, is assigned as Henry's tutor. Her intellect and strength lift Henry out of his doldrums just in time to battle the coach, who attempts to rescind Henry's scholarship. A crew of scientists arrives on a far, cold planet to examine archaic artifacts of unknown origin. They discover that their German enemies already have a ship there. When they seek their help after a failed landing, they only find the Germans' bodies, obviously slaughtered by one of the archaic creatures, awoken to new life. Now the alien is after them. As a killer stalks the streets, a troubled young courier suspects that a doctor may be the long-lost sister he hasn't seen since childhood. A hacker group empty a bank account of a big strong person. The story goes on and now they must pay for that. Capturing John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Ringo Starr in their electrifying element, 'A Hard Day's Night' is a wildly irreverent journey through this pastiche of a day in the life of The Beatles during 1964. The band have to use all their guile and wit to avoid the pursuing fans and press to reach their scheduled television performance, in spite of Paul's troublemaking grandfather and Ringo's arrest. A couple with sexual fetishes find themselves kidnapped by a pair of dimwitted gangsters. When a world renowned Chinese sommelier residing in France is contacted by his childhood buddy in China to help him auction for a bottle of 1855 vintage wine on behalf of the Chinese government, he agrees without question. Little does he realize he is about to be sucked into an age-old feud between rivaling vineyards and a historical mystery that might shatter the whole oenological industry. A cerebral revenge film about two adopted siblings who fall in love, and hatch a plan to kill their abusive father. A small-town Sheriff discovers there is something wrong with the sleepy town of Golden Torch, and he quickly realizes he may not get out alive. WORST LAID PLANS is a darkly hilarious story about four friends who find themselves in dire straits when they get behind on rent at their shop, A-1 Tattoo. Humiliated by their landlord, the guys hatch a plan to make some quick cash...but their biggest obstacle is not killing each other first. Waging his one-man war on the world of organized crime, ruthless vigilante-hero Frank Castle sets his sights on overeager mob boss Billy Russoti. After Russoti is left horribly disfigured by Castle, he sets out for vengeance under his new alias: Jigsaw. With the "Punisher Task Force" hot on his trail and the FBI unable to take Jigsaw in, Frank must stand up to the formidable army that Jigsaw has recruited before more of his evil deeds go unpunished. Kicking Off starts with the most important game of the season. Loyal fans Wigsy and Cliff watch in trepidation as their football team score the goal that will save them from relegation. Victory is bliss as a chorus of supporters chant and cry with elation. However, this frenzy of happiness quickly turns ugly as the referee disallows the deciding goal. With their hearts and fists pumping, adrenalin running and fury racing through their bloodstream, the fans take matters into their own hands and Cliff makes the fatal mistake of planning while intoxicated. Wigsy, a confirmed idiot, follows through with the said plan and in the darkest hours of the night he commits a crime that will cause chaos and catastrophe for him and his best mate Cliff. Kicking Off is cleverly filmed with split screen shots and slow motion montages. The characters are lovable thugs who will leave you laughing and grimacing at their lack of common sense.  The beautiful game just got ugly. Inspired by true events, "The 86" highlights the activities of a band of 86 street thugs that were famous for their strong presence in the venezuelan capital city during the 1980's. A small town loner and a rebellious punk rocker unexpectedly fall in love as they are forced on the run and soon discover violence follows them everywhere. Kira's skin starts to age rapidly, dry out and crumble away. But then she discovers that she can replace her own skin with somebody else's. A spy satellite has malfunctioned and is going to crash into the Earth. The US government bring on line a power laser. When the laser strikes the satellite, it causes a rip and time and sends Monroe High school 200 years into the future, including teachers, students and an escaping criminal. The students find themselves in a barren world, where they are set upon by the escaped criminal and a fierce monster. Two corrupt cops in New Mexico set out to blackmail and frame every criminal unfortunate enough to cross their path. Things take a sinister turn, however, when they try to intimidate someone who is more dangerous than they are. Or is he? After a mysterious, beautiful Latin woman named Miranda makes a dramatic appearance at the funeral of a man, shocking his affluent Southern California family, Victor, the man's son, heads to Mexico to find out the truth about the nature of her relationship with his dead father. He finds Miranda in the city of Guanajuato living with another man, Tobias. When Victor confronts Miranda, she denies meeting his father and says they will never hear from her again. If Miranda is telling the truth, what exactly was she doing at Victor's father's funeral? Who is the man that she is living with now? Their confrontation is the beginning of a chain of events where the protagonists will have to solve the dilemma that happens when true love comes twice at the same time. Sathuranga Vettai 2 ("Chess Hunt 2") is an upcoming Indian Tamil-language thriller film directed by Nirmal Kumar and written by Vinoth. We were warned in an ancient Mayan prophecy that the 21st December 2012 would be the beginning of the end, but not how and where this new era would unveil itself. Until now. Franklin and his family flee from New York City to the countryside to defect from the evil Woodlawn Crime Family and its leader Don Gatti. From DC Comics comes the Suicide Squad, an antihero team of incarcerated supervillains who act as deniable assets for the United States government, undertaking high-risk black ops missions in exchange for commuted prison sentences. The new female warden of a high-security prison faces challenges when an inmate puts up a bounty to anyone who can break him out of jail. A young woman bound in the front seat of a parked car watches helpless as her captor methodically digs a grave in the desert ground. The bloody lifeless body of her boyfriend lies framed in the rear-view mirror, a fate she will fight at all costs to avoid for herself. But this is only the beginning of a brutal struggle where survival could be worse than death. When Michele, the CEO of a gaming software company, is attacked in her home by an unknown assailant, she refuses to let it alter her precisely ordered life. She manages crises involving family, all the while becoming engaged in a game of cat and mouse with her stalker. The story of Jack Durant, notorious restaurateur and ladies man whose connections to the mafia remain a mystery. Direced by Travis Mills. Under the neon lights in a gay-friendly neighborhood of New York City, four young African-American lesbians are violently and sexually threatened by a man on the street. They defend themselves against him and are charged and convicted in the courts and in the media as a 'Gang of Killer Lesbians'. Profiled is a feature length documentary that knits the stories of mothers of Black and Latin unarmed youth murdered by the NYPD into a powerful indictment of racial profiling and police brutality, and places them within a historical context of the roots of racism in the U.S. Driven by anger when their demands for justice are ignored the women transition from grieving parents to activists participating in the grass roots movement now spreading across the country since the much-publicized deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner. Death, which did not happen - it's just the beginning. Iryna miraculously survived after an accident. Facing death changed her forever. From time to time, Iryna started to see visions. They were short fragments episodes, fragmentary images. She couldn't understand it, and how does this relate to her. Over time, she learned to analyze what is happening in her head, and it started to bear fruit. Iryna began to solve the crime scenes. This is a story that is dangerously balancing on the edge of life and death, reality and dreaming, white lie and killing truth. A story that will change forever the fate of the inhabitants of a small town. A romantic comedy with action and suspense. Two sophisticated jewel thieves join forces to steal $30 million in uncut jewels. Despite a continuous exchange of quips they eventually become romantically involved. A group of five college graduates rent a cabin in the woods and begin to fall victim to a horrifying flesh-eating virus, which attracts the unwanted attention of the homicidal locals. Zorawar is a Punjabi action film featuring Yo Yo Honey Singh in the titular character, alongside actresses Gurbani Judge and Parul Gulati. Filmed mostly in Durban, it is directed by Vinnil Markan A struggling actress must play the role of a detective in order to save an adorable Maltese puppy from a murderous group of Goth Thugs, a Devilish Dominatrix, and a handsome, lying doctor. An American businessman with a stake in a pharmaceutical company that's about to go public finds his life is thrown into turmoil by an incident in Mexico. A cool and dangerous neo-noir crime film that revolves around the disturbed lives of two unlikely partners: Mickey Rady, a rogue undercover cop and Kook Packard, a smooth and charismatic con man. Together they rip off those operating outside of the law...for their own personal gain. But things go awry when one heist suck them deep into a city-wide conspiracy... The story of the investigation and trial of abortion provider Dr Kermit Gosnell. Harvey Middleman (Eugene Troobnick), a New York fireman, lives a very ordinary life with his wife (Arlene Golonka) and children. After he rescues a beautiful girl (Patricia Harty) from a fire, he fancies himself to be in love with her, leaving his wife and seeking help, in the process, from a nutty Psychiatrist (Hermione Gingold). There is no place in the world where the prison population grows as fast as in Brazil, a country that have the fourth largest population of inmates in globe. Sentence on Trial dives deep into the hellish everyday life of the Brazilian prisons to expose how moroseness, prejudice and the culture of fear amplify violence and the social abyss of the country. The chilling story of the charismatic Dr. Kermit Gosnell and the squalid abortion clinic he operated for years in Philadelphia despite many pleas to health authorities to investigate the deaths of women and infants. Johnny and Peter, former paramilitary operatives, search Bangkok - leaving carnage in their wake - to find the men who killed Johnny's daughter, Angel. At the beginning of 2012 the so called war against crime, led by the Mexican Federal Government brought, as consequence, a number of nearly 50,000 casualties and a social climate of violence and distrust. How was this experienced by the men and women who fight this violence from the trenches of science? To the End of Reckoning tells through the eyes of the Jalisco Forensics Institute the development of this engagement, in one of the most violent states in the Country. Five girls from the city go on a rural getaway surrounded by lush jungles and beautiful beaches. But there's trouble in paradise when an excursion into the forest leads the five girls into a dangerous encounter with local criminals, who are endangering the surrounding ancient cultural relics. However, these aren't docile city girls who cower to danger; these vicious vixens decide to take action. All vile things must come to an end, and for Daria Morgendorffer that means it's time to look beyond high school to college. Our little girl has grown up so fast. It's time for higher learning, lowered expectations, and a heavy dose of sarcasm. Life can't suck more after high school, can it? When a young man, down on his luck, learns about his father's killer's parole, it sets off a cat and mouse chase through the hostile desert, searching for a hidden family inheritance. A newly possessed cheerleader turns into a killer who specializes in offing her male classmates. Can her best friend put an end to the horror? Stranded after a tragic plane crash, two strangers must forge a connection to survive the extreme elements of a remote snow covered mountain. When they realize help is not coming, they embark on a perilous journey across the wilderness. A pair of cops investigating a drug invasion stumble upon a mysterious bank vault. A nurse is forced to spring a wounded murder suspect from the hospital when the man's brother kidnaps his pregnant wife and wants to make a trade. The true story of four student athletes from Carter High School in Dallas, Texas in the 1980s, whose bright futures irrevocably changed due to their off-field activities. Stelios Dimitrakopoulos has 32 hours left before he loses everything. From the jazz bar he painstakingly keeps running for years, to his own family. The Romanian gangster who lent him money, now demands the debt to be paid. The middle-man and former friend, makes Stelios take care of illegal errands. His wife is seriously thinking of abandoning him, and a night club owner, not thinking about the consequences, finally starts to stand up for himself. Christmas is coming, the clock is ticking, and the tree in Stelios' house must be decorated. Shankara is coming on a road on the way he asks one address with a girl and accordingly he reaches a Haveli. There Rani Maa introduces him to everyone and tells her decision to marry her daughter with Shankra. On hearing this Diwanji and Munshiji become perturbed. One dacoit Kaher Singh and makes a plan against Shankra in the Haveli Munshi's nephew Popatlal also thinks to marry Seema. When Seema getting married to Shankra and even three Phera had been completed Kahar Singh with his men and starts firing. Seema and Shankra are injured. In the winter of 2117, a runaway vehicle crashes into the Public Safety Bureau Building. The driver is identified as Izumi Yasaka, a psychological counselor at the Sanctuary, a Latent Criminal Isolation Facility in Aomori Prefecture. But right before her interrogation, Enforcer Mika Shimotsuki and Inspector Nobuchika Ginoza are tasked with promptly escorting Yasaka back to Aomori. What awaits them there is a False Paradise. Meera and Arjun are professionals living in Gurgaon. On their way to a luxurious desert holiday they stop on a Highway dhaba for dinner, where they witness a young girl being picked up by a bunch of hoodlums. Arjun chooses to step in, unmindful of the danger ahead. In a world with only one rule, the crime boss of Queens, Alphonse Trapani, discovers that there is a snitch in his house that has been helping dirty cops to put the heat on his family, and all the crime families in New York. The film focuses on the moral dilemmas one faces in life. Five men have been imprisoned by the Canadian government without ever having seen the evidence against them. A family facing the challenges of addiction becomes entangled in the web of a small town criminal organization. Their struggles mount as circumstances conspire against them, pushing toward a dramatic climax from which no one will emerge unbroken. Preface In criminal law, law-breakers especially youth who are released on probation are being supervised by Probation Officers. Story If being bad is being evil, hell will have a full house! Tinky, Rainbow, Angie, Kane, Tung and Demon Queen are friends. They are line-steppers. Angie was put into a drug center for taking drugs. Kane and Tung are boys. They love Brother Sam. Tung hates being a boy. Friends of Kane raise money for his trans-gender operation by robbing friend's homes. Tinky saw Brother Dragon give his wife a ring. Tinky stole it. Dragon offers a bounty to get it back. To her surprise, the ring Tinky has is a fake one. Rainbow had it traded for her drug business... After suffering a heart attack, Bill (Bill Oberst) takes his doctor's advice literally to eliminate the stresses from his life. The plan is working until his killings attract the attention of a psychotic cop (Armand Assante) who isn't sure whether he wants to arrest or join him.  Complications deepen when it becomes apparent to Bill that the biggest cause of stress in his life might be his wife. Construction worker Douglas Quaid discovers a memory chip in his brain during a virtual-reality trip. He also finds that his past has been invented to conceal a plot of planetary domination. Soon, he's off to Mars to find out who he is and who planted the chip. Amal works as a security guard in a mall and is tempted by the world of wealth surrounding him. When a close friend introduces him to the underworld element, he becomes trapped in a web of greed, lust and crime. A feature documentary about the writer JT LeRoy - Ethically charged, controversial, and confusing, JT's life and death sprang open a Pandora's box of powerful questions about literature and culture, identity and celebrity, and the reality of the society we live in. Fraud? Art? Mental illness? Complicity? The Cult of JT Leroy will be a testament to this bizarre and elaborate story that has captured the attention and fascination of the world's media, and perplexes to this day. Two brothers try to break free of the gang life, only to be attacked in retaliation for their decision. The younger brother is seriously burned and dying in a hospital, which drives his older brother to take vicious revenge. The story of Santo Bastucci, a local banker with a rare gift for memorizing numbers; he is unwittingly cast into the forefront of an aging wiseguy's bid for power, Manny "The Hand" Mistera. Santo is caught between the loyalty he has for his cagey father-in-law, Benny, his childhood friend, Basta, and his streetwise uncle, Matteo, the pastor of their Brooklyn church. A private investigator helps a former flame solve the murder of her wealthy grandfather, who lived in a sprawling estate surrounded by his idiosyncratic family. Three friends on a wilderness excursion must outrun a white collar criminal hellbent on retrieving his cash, but soon their greed turns them against each other. A modern re-telling of Treasure of the Sierra Madre (1948). Featuring menacing tracking shots; a cool, metallic color palette; surprising third-act reversals; and a terrific ensemble cast, Arthur Harari's first feature is a poised, stylish, and utterly assured revenge thriller in which, following his estranged father's death, a man vows vengeance against his relatives who had abandoned him and returns to the family diamond business with an elaborate robbery in mind. A Lord poses as a stableboy and rides a girl's horse when a crooked knight injures her jockey.  Robert McCall, who serves an unflinching justice for the exploited and oppressed, embarks on a relentless, globe-trotting quest for vengeance when a long-time girl friend is murdered. Rodney is a former boxing champ who, after a deathbed visit to his trainer and mentor, is propelled into reclaiming victory for his now simple life as a nightclub bouncer. He partners with a no-nonsense, lesbian photographer and an aspiring starlet to make a compromising tape with Isaac--a married, devout, Orthodox Jewish real estate mogul--that sets off a chain of events that brings down an empire. Rick and Reni came to California in search of a new lease on life. Unfortunately, all they found was each other... In a last ditch effort to save their struggling relationship, the duo twist their couples' counseling therapy into a plot that would see them turning back into their Texas low-life roots as petty criminals. As has been the case throughout the history of Rick and Reni's calamity plagued relationship, their haphazard scheme to hold up a dive bar goes horribly wrong. When a diverse cast of bar patrons gets caught up in their failed plot, Rick and Reni begin to not only wonder if they'll survive the day, but if they can survive one another. When new kid in town Ed Wallis is given an assignment to interview an older person, he turns to his mysterious neighbor, Ashby Holt for help.  That new connection leads to unexpected journeys for both of them, as Ashby - who turns out to be a retired CIA assassin - deals with a terminal prognosis, and Ed deals with adjusting to life with his newly single mom and developing relationship with a brainy classmate, Eloise. With their parents away on a trip, two sisters with a rocky relationship must live alone for a week. Things go from bad to worse when the youngest begins to have sleepwalking episodes.  The story of three employees of a security depot who plan and execute a multi-million pound cash heist. As they approach the end of childhood, three elementary school kids must brave the woods on Halloween to face a monster born from their nightmares. Six people are thrown together during an elaborate bank heist where any move can alter the outcome. Is it coincidence, or are they merely pawns in a much bigger game. Pedro Ruiz is a Dominican real estate broker by day and a savvy but out-of-luck thief by night. Desperate to look for respect climbing the money ladder the easy way, he gets in the wrong mansion at the wrong time. When three young women receive shocking videos anonymously, a nightmare is reawakened that ignites a thirst for bloody vengeance. They embark on a journey to locate the house, their sadistic captor and to discover the truth behind those locked doors. But, the most shocking revelation of this chilling tale is the identities of the victims. Novak cannot sleep. Not to disturb his girlfriend, he spends his nights in the streets of Budapest and gets into weirder and weirder, more and more impossible and dangerous situations and liaisons. Unless he dies, he may regain his dreams by them. When a systems engineer blows the whistle on a dangerous technology, Charlie's Angels from across the globe are called into action, putting their lives on the line to protect society. Ling (Lo Lieh) and Guan are the Black and White Chiefs of the Eagle Escort security firm: during the opening credit sequence, we see them recover a stolen shipment of gold; by the time the credits have run, the two are literally knee-deep in bodies. A group of wayward teens at a wilderness boot camp must fight for their lives against the attacks of a ruthless blood-sucking alien. The attacks begin after they discover a strange "orb" in the middle of the desert. With no communication, and nowhere to hide, they realize their only chance for survival is to fight. A high target criminal nick named the Mouse is captured after a 15 year search. He is sentenced to Execution by lethal injection and is set to transfer to Anoka State Penitentiary.He escapes and chaos ensues. A Japan where time stands still; men and women bound to their land and their work; bodies floating in thermal springs... shown through the eyes of a painter (inspired by the characters in Soseki's novel "Pillow of Herbs") where these references give a free interpretation to the images, so that we make the journey in search of temporary solace.  The traveller has understood that "everywhere it is difficult to live" (Soseki) and tries to make a picture from real things so that, through the act of painting, he no longer suffers. All is good for Jacob. A plumber by trade, he has a job he enjoys, and a fiance whom he loves. He's the quintessential, everyday man living his life in a provincial coastal Queensland town. A veritable bomb soon shatters his path by way of an old demon from his childhood.  Surrounding lush cane fields turn to icy tundra, as Jacob tries to cope with the crippling anxiety and haunting trauma that he's managed to suppress over the years. Facing his biggest task yet, he is forced to tackle these issues before they swamp his soul and ruin his life. How will he cope with his mental demons? Can he hide them from his loved ones, and continue on with his life unabashed? Will he choose to confront the very source of his anguish head on?  Set with northern Australia's cane country as its backdrop, Talking Back At Thunder delves fearlessly into the barely- lit cavern that is anxiety, trauma, and rage in the everyday Aussie male. A private eye investigates the apparent suicide of a fading porn star in 1970s Los Angeles and uncovers a conspiracy. Desperate to turn his life around, a hard-luck gambler risks everything to sell stolen casino chips to a ruthless gunslinger. It's the worst bet of his life. During a disturbance in the prison, two twin brothers serving a sentence for drug dealing are locked into the shower blocks, only to be confronted by the savage and deranged Darrell. El Cholo, a Peruvian taxi driver, flees from justice in his country and comes to Venezuela in search for a better future. After running into a gang of con-men who leave him penniless, he meets a peculiar group of Latin Americans who work for a gangster known as The Russian as hitmen. El Cholo is quickly trapped in a world of blood and ambition that makes him realize the true cost of life and death. An incident brings together three reckless and struggling souls who are chasing their ambitions and desires. Former cop-turned-bar owner Kwok and his underachieving half-brother befriends a drunken woman, they soon find themselves targeted by both her former lover, a high-powered attorney, and the gangster he employs. A suitcase full of tainted cash enters the picture as Kwok finds himself torn between the gangsters and his former colleagues. A young up and coming artist in New York city has his life and dreams forever altered when the tragic events of 9/11 take the lives of his two best friends and he accepts guardianship of the couple's two young daughters. Now eleven years later, and teaching art at an elementary school, he raises the girls as if they were his own, but the financial grind to live in NYC is too much, so he decides to take the girls away from the only place they've ever called home and move back to Buffalo where he grew up. This "non-traditional" family now faced with change, new surroundings, and a new journey, must learn how to adjust to this new life, while trying to find themselves along the way. The life story of the famous pianist and band-leader of the 1930s and 1940s. Former NHL hockey player Sheldon Kennedy was sexually abused by his junior hockey coach, and has since become one a leading advocate for victims of child abuse. During a speaking engagement at a University in Ontario, Canada, Sheldon met two students who disclosed the sexual abuse they had suffered as children to Sheldon and the audience. The film tells the story of these victims and the challenges they face while attempting to recover from the trauma they suffered as children. A film about a man's journey for redemption, as he tries to clear his name of a robbery he didn't commit. Emma, a college student with a crippling fear of clowns, must come face to face with her worst fear when an evil spirit in the body of a clown is summoned terrorizing the town she calls home.  A young girl lives in a van with her little brother & her mom. Tired of the embarrassing situation which was promised to be temporary, she decides to try to fix it all on her own. But how to get the money needed first? One day, the girl comes across a flyer offering a reward for a lost dog. Under the mistaken impression that a house could also really cost just that much, she then plots to do exactly that- with the additional help of her best friend, little brother & some others, they'll find a "missing" spoiled pup, return him & get a new home just in time for her birthday! Or at least, that's the plan.. what could go wrong? U.S. Marine Sergeant Logan Thibault returns from his third tour of duty in Iraq, with the one thing he credits with keeping him alive-a photograph he found of a woman he doesn't even know. Learning her name is Beth and where she lives, he shows up at her door, and ends up taking a job at her family-run local kennel. Despite her initial mistrust and the complications in her life, a romance develops between them, giving Logan hope that Beth could be much more than his good luck charm. Two kids find themselves in the centre of a deadly game of cat and mouse after taking a sheriff's cruiser for a joy ride. It took a missing finger to find God. JUNE BRIDE: REDEMPTION OF A YAKUZA is a feature-length documentary about Tatsuya Shindo, a former mobster turned preacher, who seeks forgiveness for a life's worth of disappointment and crime in his makeshift church - June Bride - at one time a smoke-filled bar. Hanging on Shindo's every word is his loyal congregation, an eclectic mix of tattooed ex-convicts and wayward souls who want to start over. Through his journey from the criminal underworld to a mission from God, Shindo declares, "Loyalty to my yakuza boss is the same as the one to God." But will his faith cost him more than just his finger? After the horrific death of his wife and two sons, suicide seems to be the only escape for small town attorney Kent "Mac" McClain... until he's assigned a capital punishment case that begins to transform his life and those around him forever. It's Christmas Eve in Tinseltown and Sin-Dee is back on the block. Upon hearing that her pimp boyfriend hasn't been faithful during the 28 days she was locked up, the working girl and her best friend, Alexandra, embark on a mission to get to the bottom of the scandalous rumor. Their rip-roaring odyssey leads them through various subcultures of Los Angeles, including an Armenian family dealing with their own repercussions of infidelity. The Cake Maker is a comedy-thriller centred around one woman, Roxy, and the men in her life. Matt bakes for his Boss, nightclub owner Frank, and occasionally works as a lookout on the street. Roxy is a prostitute who does a runner after a business disagreement. Boss wants her found and sends Rick, his right hand man, to do the searching with henchmen Aristotle and Max in tow. None of the lookouts have seen her, it's as if she's vanished. Everyone's looking for Roxy whilst Matt keeps his head down and Roxy hidden in his flat. In the continuation of Popoy and Basha's love story from "One More Chance," we find the couple walking down the aisle and vowing to love each other "forever and ever." "A Second Chance" explores realities and intricacies and Popoy and Basha's married life. We find Popoy as a failed achiever, struggling to keep his business and self-esteem intact, while Basha has given up so much in her life to keep their marriage together. Images coming from the crimes committed by a deranged pair of murderers bring a small town woman to the attention of a celebrity lensman. But how much danger will enter her life as a result of all this attention? Los Reyes County, Arizona. Leland, a retired lawman, works with Wallace, the new sheriff who replaces him, when a vicious hit man, sent by a Mexican drug cartel, threatens their border small town. This comedy, set in 1983 in small town Virginia, centers around a 13 year old and her family. The story of a hairstyle gone incredibly wrong and a young girl's plight to fit in while encountering bullies at a new school. Admiral James T. Kirk is feeling old; the prospect of accompanying his old ship the Enterprise on a two week cadet cruise is not making him feel any younger. But the training cruise becomes a life or death struggle when Khan escapes from years of exile and captures the power of creation itself. One of the most celebrated war correspondents of our time, Marie Colvin is an utterly fearless and rebellious spirit, driven to the frontlines of conflicts across the globe to give voice to the voiceless. Four friends take off on an 1800 mile road trip to retrieve an illicit tape mistakenly mailed to a girl friend. Lupin &amp; Jigen have their sights set on a treasure called the Little Comet, which is located in the heavily fortified country of East Doroa. During the heist, Jigen is almost killed by a sniper named Yael Okuzaki. His specialty is preparing tombstones for his targets before executing them. It's said that no one can survive after Yael makes their tombstone. After meeting online, Jack and Kristy go on a weekend getaway to the woodlands of rural Missouri. While discovering each other, they soon learn of the terrorizing horrors that the forest has in store. Magically able to hear what men are thinking, a sports agent uses her newfound ability to turn the tables on her overbearing male colleagues. A hardened mercenary in the Foreign Legion begins to find his own humanity when confronted with atrocities during the fighting in Bosnia. Chelios faces a Chinese mobster who has stolen his nearly indestructible heart and replaced it with a battery-powered ticker that requires regular jolts of electricity to keep working. An ensemble cast telling 10 stories with intertwining characters. One story is about a father and son who are dating the same woman . Another features a woman who long ago gave her baby up for adoption but is now being blackmailed by a documentary filmmaker who claims to know the now-grown child's whereabouts. A group of men parachute into Japanese-occupied Burma with a dangerous and important mission: to locate and blow up a radar station. They accomplish this well enough, but when they try to rendezvous at an old air-strip to be taken back to their base, they find Japanese waiting for them, and they must make a long, difficult walk back through enemy-occupied jungle. Gunz is thrust into a world of excitement when he joins the TIC crew. The crew, led by the ruthless Hoodz, goes from low level weed peddling to full on armed robberies within a fortnight. Their new found infamy affords them a life of guns, drugs, and girls but they also catch the attention of the police and a rival gang. To make matters worse they have been infiltrated by an undercover police officer. Does he have "THE INTENT" to remain a criminal or abide by his oath to the force? It's getting late on a Friday night and Ralph is keen to get out of the office, but the boss won't let him. No big deal, right? It's just that the full moon is rising and Ralph is a werewolf. Bouchra Khalili's meditation on revolutionary histories considers the poet Jean Genet's secret 1970 visit to the United States at the invitation of the Black Panther Party. Rik Boskamp is tired of being bullied all the time. After he sees a maffia movie, he decides to pretend that his dad is an important - and dangerous! - mob boss. In the 1980s, ruthless Colombian cocaine barons invaded Miami with a brand of violence unseen in this country since Prohibition-era Chicago. Cocaine Cowboys is the true story of how Miami became the drug, murder and cash capital of the United States. But it isn't the whole story - Pulling from hundreds of hours of additional interviews and recently uncovered archival news footage, Cocaine Cowboys has been RELOADED: packed with footage and stories that have never been told about Griselda Blanco, the Medellin Cartel, and Miami's Cocaine Wars, with firsthand accounts by hit man Jorge 'Rivi' Ayala, cocaine trafficker Jon Roberts, smuggler Mickey Munday, and others. Cocaine Cowboys: Reloaded recreates Miami's Cocaine Wars like you've never experienced it. Two people express the familiar feeling of being the Kreep, one through dance, and one through song. When Max, a down on his luck strip club owner, has his life and livelihood threatened by local gangsters, he turns to his wife's connections for help and hires a hitman to solve the problem once and for all. But before long, Max is blinded by his newfound power and his family finds him spinning off the rails as the body count piles up. After an explosion at a chemical factory gives him the power of invisibility, a former officer of the law becomes a vigilante in order to take revenge on those who have wronged him. Malcolm is carefully surviving life in a tough neighborhood in Los Angeles while juggling college applications, academic interviews, and the SAT. A chance invitation to an underground party leads him into an adventure that could allow him to go from being a geek, to being dope, to ultimately being himself. Cash and Curry is a fast-paced, comedy-drama, set in multi-cultural London. Raj and his friends are tired of being "errand boys" at the bottom of the food chain. Ambition, leads Raj and his friends into the middle of a gang war between two of the biggest drug lords in London: Gabbar and Isaac. Realising the consequences of his actions, Raj seeks refuge in the countryside with an old friend, Tony. Based in an old abandoned farm, Tony runs the largest pirate DVD manufacturing operation in London. To elude capture, Raj and his friends are forced to submerge themselves in farm life. Meanwhile, Gabbar and Isaac are hunting down Raj and his friends - but who will find them first This incredibly disturbing story follows the exploitation of an apprentice butcher, Hermogenes, and his trial after he murders his boss in broad daylight. Hermogenes, a farmhand from northern Argentina, relocates to Buenos Aires in search of a better life for himself and his young wife, but soon finds himself at the mercy of a corrupt boss. The film is based on a thorough investigation of a real event that happened in Buenos Aires 10 years ago. Almost every scene in the film is inspired by real facts or based on well documented daily practices of the "meat business" and its environment. Both a shocking expose of unscrupulous practices in the meat industry and a heart-wrenching personal story, El Patron became one of the most successful Argentine films of 2014. Weighed down by his deadbeat father and unrelenting financial debts, Joss is forced to sink deeper into a criminal underworld to escape his burdens. As the line between his two lives thins, Joss frantically begins constructing an escape from his sins he commits before they swallow him whole. Wolf, a young metis hunter living on the mountain. While hunting deep in the woods he discovers Crane, an older man with a mysterious past and the scars to prove it. Wolf nurses him back to health. Over time their bond gets deeper and they fall in love. When outsiders begin to show up looking for Crane, blood begins to flow. Cornered by an army of crooked cops, Wolf and Crane work together to boobie trap the mountain, taking them out one at a time until they come face-to-face with the man who pulls the strings.... Bretten Hannam's debut feature is an ambitious action/thriller with outstanding performances from Justin Rain (Defiance) and Festival favourite Glen Gould (Rhymes for Young Ghouls, Charlie Zone). In this crime comedy, bizarre assassins must come together to unravel the puzzle of Stegman's blackmail secret, and why he's already dead on the set of his own porn film. Middle-aged suburban husband Richard abruptly tells his wife, Maria, that he wants a divorce. As Richard takes up with a younger woman, Maria enjoys a night on the town with her friends and meets a younger man. As the couple and those around them confront a seemingly futile search for what they've lost -- love, excitement, passion -- this classic American independent film explores themes of aging and alienation. Following two death-obsessed teenage girls who use their online show about real-life tragedies to send their small Midwestern town into a frenzy and cement their legacy as modern horror legends. After a painful breakup, Leah seems to meet the perfect guy. But she soon discovers his violent side that disrupts her life. Enrique Hubermann, homeopathic physician, travels in flight from a love. By a joke of fate, in that distant place he meets the woman he wants to forget, a beautiful young woman like a demon who manipulates men and triggers dangerous passions. The film shows how passion can save lives and push the human experience beyond limits around the work of glass artist Jeremy Wintrebert. Saigon, early 2000s.  Photography student Vu has just arrived from Vietnam's backwaters and is immediately attracted to his handsome roommate Thang, who works odd jobs as a bouncer and low-level drug dealer.  Entranced by the nocturnal rhythms of Thang's world, Vu follows him around the city where he meets Van, a ballet-cum-exotic dancer and Thang's sometimes-girlfriend. A security guard, trapped in a run-down inner-city medical clinic, is terrorized by supernatural forces which threaten to overtake her. Beneath Anna Poliatova's striking beauty lies a secret that will unleash her indelible strength and skill to become one of the world's most feared government assassins. Three dysfunctional couples in Barcelona, Spain end up colliding due to nothing but bad decisions. There's Paula, a beautiful klepto who lives with her abusive, alcoholic brother Ramsey and his annoying drunk girlfriend Faye. Paula and her gorgeous punk girlfriend Anna terrorize the streets of Barcelona stealing hearts, wallets and anything they can get their hands on. From young tourists to old men, these girls don't care who they target as long as they get what they want. Then there's Molly and Christina, two working-class women in a long-term relationship very much in love. Molly warns Christina not to speak to a local loser skinhead named Robert that is a regular at the punk bar. Christina doesn't listen and does as she pleases. Molly is Christina's first lesbian lover and her most successful relationship to date until a series of terrible choices leave the girls in a bad situation. A Finnish superhero, a masked vigilante Rendel seeks for revenge and fights against VALA, the huge criminal organization. Director Srinivas Raju's world of Dandupalya, as seen in the first two films of the series, will finally come to an end. The third film in the series will mark the end of the franchise, which has received a great deal of critical acclaim in both Kannada and Telugu. A group of Delta Force soldiers, accompanied by a CIA agent, are sent to the Belzan forest in Chechnya in search of a rogue American weapons researcher, Dr. Benton Walsh. As they search for Walsh's camp, they are attacked by genetically-altered carnivorous bats. The survivors attempt to reach helicopter extraction but encounter various challenges, including Chechen rebels. Crisanto Espina, A cop on investigation, is tasked to eliminate the suspects involved in the bank robbery/massacre that cocked the whole nation After being coerced into working for a crime boss, a young getaway driver finds himself taking part in a heist doomed to fail. A retired widow has her daily routine derailed when she starts receiving mysterious, anonymous phone calls. Follows the journey of a 90-year-old atheist and the quirky characters that inhabit his off-the-map desert town. He finds himself at the precipice of life, thrust into a journey of self-exploration. The most sensational 'media crime' investigation of history has started. In RE-EVOLUTION the flashbacks and the interrogatories weave, challenging the audience to rebuild the story of four suspects accused of having freed humanity. Story starts with a summer fling between a provincial guy and a big-city girl. The holiday is over, the beauty returns to the city and receives a marriage proposal from a rich admirer. The provincial boy comes back being unable to let her go. Things get messy when their passion oversteps all the limits. Soon contemporary Romeo and Juliet get confused about what is really important turning into consuming 'Locust': overwhelming love they have leads them to commit brutal murders. Paul meets John while he's out running. A sinister chain of events arouses his suspicions about his new friend. But by then it's too late - their lives are bound together by a shared fate. A former narcotics smuggler, now living peaceably in the Calabrian hills, is drawn back into his family's drug-trade dynasty by his impetuous teenage son. No overview found. Two room mates finally get a new fridge from their landlord but it is old, broke, and haunted. While in the employ of Mr. Worthington, James, Mickey and Whitey have made several successful and uneventful pickups, but one last pickup will prove to be an adventure and the difference between life as free men and life behind bars. Bruno Hamel is a thirty eight year old surgeon. He lives in Drummondville with his wife Sylvie, and their eight year-old daughter Jasmine. Like many happy people, he is leading an uneventful life until a beautiful fall afternoon, when his daughter is raped and murdered. From then on, the world of the Hamel family collapses. When the murderer is arrested, a terrible project germinates in Bruno's darkened mind. He plans to capture the "monster" and make him pay for his crime. The day the murderer appears in Court, Hamel, who had prepared his plan in great detail, kidnaps the monster and later sends the police a brief message stating that the rapist and murderer of his daughter was going to be tortured for 7 days and then executed. Once this task accomplished, he will then give himself up. Former cop Filip Marold doesn't want to be reminded of some things from his past. But others remind him... He works as a private detective, sleeps with his secretary and spies on people for money. All up to the moment when he meets seductive Raluca and his life turns upside down. Is it just a coincidence? Fate? Or has someone set a trap? Even in his wildest dreams he wouldn't imagine the things that were about to happen. Things that involve sex, murder, the big reveal and a harsh reminder of that damn past... When Vicki Maloney is randomly abducted from a suburban street by a disturbed couple, she soon observes the dynamic between her captors and quickly realises she must drive a wedge between them if she is to survive. Five years after taking the fall for his younger brother, a tormented ex-con flees parole to find his kidnapped baby niece. One step ahead of the police, and one behind an unraveling criminal syndicate, he must once again sacrifice everything in the name of family. When a small town near the Arizona-Mexico border is wiped out overnight, suspicion falls on the lone survivor. But a roll of photos the survivor took that night tells a different story. The Vigilante Diaries is a high octane action-adventure film featuring 90's movie heroes, explosive action, and international espionage. The film revolves around a team of black-ops agents turned crime-fighters, led by a brooding anti-hero, known only as "The Vigilante." These jam-packed missions of rescue and revenge take us from the mega-mansions and underbelly of Los Angeles to far away places like Iraq, Armenia, Russia, and The United Kingdom to introduce us to a cast of colorful, dangerous, and hilarious characters. From Beverly Hills filmmaker Mike Hanover, to a trio of Asian femme fatales, to ruthless Armenian mobsters, and at the top, a pair of deep cover super spies hell bent on throwing the world into chaos. When Lonnie Franklin Jr. was arrested in South Central Los Angeles in 2010 as the suspected murderer of a string of young black women, police hailed it as the culmination of 20 years of investigations. Four years later documentary filmmaker Nick Broomfield took his camera to the alleged killer's neighborhood for another view. On the day of his daughter's birthday, William "D-Fens" Foster is trying to get to the home of his estranged ex-wife to see his daughter. His car breaks down, so he leaves his car in a traffic jam in Los Angeles and decides to walk. He goes to a convenience store and tries to get some change for a phone call, but the Korean owner does not oblige, tipping Foster over the edge. The unstable Foster, so frustrated with the various flaws he sees in society, begins to psychotically and violently lash out against them. While confronting his unfaithful boyfriend, Dusty blacks-out. When he comes to, his boyfriend has been murdered and he's the prime suspect. The tribes of Israel need to defeat the superior might of the Philistines: "Now appoint a king to lead us, such as all the other nations have." (I Samuel, 8:5). And so the prophet Samuel gives the Hebrews their first king, Saul.  Saul, however, has incessant doubts about his mission. The influential prophet Samuel turns away from Saul in order to select a new king according to God's will: David. He is still a young boy, tending sheep in the fields, when, secretly Samuel oints him as the next king of the Israelites. The thing you need the most drives you to unbelievable depths... They don't really know each other. She lives in penury. He holds a pawnshop. Poverty makes her marry him, despite she doesn't love him and even despises. After the marriage takes place, the family war begins. Based on a novel 'A Gentle Creature' by Fyodor Dostoevsky. Madhavan Mahadevan, who comes into the city from a village to see off his sister-in-law and her daughter after the death of his elder brother, an upright Customs Officer (KB Ganesh Kumar).  While running around to claim the insurance money, he comes to know that his brother was actually murdered by the underworld don Irumbanakkal John (Joy Mathew). A crime syndicate places a hit on a billionaire's daughter, making her the target of an elite assassin squad. A small band of down-and-out mercenaries protects her, fighting tooth and nail to stop the assassins from reaching their target. When an IMF mission ends badly, the world is faced with dire consequences. As Ethan Hunt takes it upon himself to fulfill his original briefing, the CIA begin to question his loyalty and his motives. The IMF team find themselves in a race against time, hunted by assassins while trying to prevent a global catastrophe. When law student Lily O'Brien's father is found killed as the latest in a series of murders, she and garda James Buckley are determined to find the killer. But the more they find out, the more they begin not only to question the killer's morality, but their own. An exhilarating documentary film that celebrates the unsung hero of aviation - the local airport - by tracing the life, history,and struggles of an airport icon: Southern California's Van Nuys Airport. Featuring thrilling aerial photography and a sweeping original score, the film dispels common misconceptions and opposes criticism of General Aviation airports. Through the love story of one airport The rise and fall of a Neapolitan crime syndicate through the story of a local boss, split between the aspiration for a middle-class life with his family and the deep impulses of the "malavita". In the early 1900s, a wealthy alchemist, Jacques St. Germaine travels to New Orleans to seek help from the legendary voodoo priestess, Marie Laveau. When multiple murders are uncovered, Jacques and the quarreling locals butt heads as they try to discover the identity of the killer. Featuring a cast of characters pulled from actual police reports, Dinner With the Alchemist weaves historical fact and imaginative storytelling into a mysterious supernatural drama. A teenage Quebecer in the 1960s evolves from pro-independence activist to radical terrorist, in this gripping chronicle of the origins of the FLQ in the decade preceding the 1970 October Crisis. Based on true events, the movie follows the story of three low class gangsters from a small Chinese province as they travel to Shanghai to offer an unique deal to the city most powerfull mob boss Raoul Kai (Christian Kang Bachini), steal a huge amount of gold for which they have exclusive and proved intel. The deal seems too good to be true and soon Raoul finds out that the three gangsters have been sent by his long time rival uncle Tong (Shui Re) in order to destabilize his organization from the inside and finally kill him. With no one left to trust Raoul must count on his own survival and strategical skills in order to save his life and protect his empire. 89 tells the incredible story of one of football's greatest triumphs: when against all odds Arsenal snatched the Championship title from Liverpool at Anfield in the last minute of the last game of the 1988/89 season. It's a universal tale of a band of brothers who, led by a charismatic and deeply respected manager, came together to defy the odds and create history. Based on real-life events, this crime thriller traces the terrible trail left by a serial rapist and killer, highlighting the ensuing media coverage, public panic and one police officer's personal crusade to capture the psychopath. Kistimaat is a bengali movie, directed by BUET graduate Ashiqur Rahman. It is a action-romantic film, casted by Bodybuilder hero Arifin Shuvo, Achol, Misha Shawdagor, Tiger Robi etc Rathaavara means the King's General who is also the best warrior.  After narrowly escaping arrest in Prague, Czech mobster Radim "Kacko" Kraviec flees first to Seychelles and then to South Africa where he continues with his criminal endeavours. However, his illicit activities cannot go unnoticed forever. This is a film about Christopher Kirk, an American IT guy who moves to Colombia after reading about Pablo Escobar's hippopotamuses. It is also a film about the story of V., a story that Kirk obsessively tells and retells about his infatuation with a mysterious Japanese-columbian woman. A story that may or may not have to do with his arrest in 2009 in Brazil for international drug trafficking. Moreover, it is also a film about two directors. In another dimension of time and space- five anti heroes battle it out as their nefarious pursuits lead to the likely destruction of their B-grade universe. Dirk is an intergalactic drug smuggler who's cargo of spice is stolen by a sexy space pirate pirate named, Draca. Little does she know the lengths Dirk will go through to get his revenge. The spice itself is to be used in a exchange for weaponized microbes that are designed to destroy Iraqueefia- a planet made entirely of oil. A planet that is the sole energy source in their crappy, B-grade universe Lockdown Follows a police officer who returns to duty after recovering from a gun shot wound to discover incriminating evidence of illegal activities against those closest to him. He quickly finds himself trapped inside his own precinct, hunted and in search of the truth, as the crooked cops stop at nothing to recover the evidence. Having pulled off the smallest ever train robbery, Little Walter and his crew decide to get out of London. The six of them set up business in a disused monastery off the Cornish coast, despite the fact that none of them really qualifies as a monk - least of all Walter's moll Bikini. Bit by bit, the quiet way of life starts becoming a habit. A framed bank clerk breaks jail and is sheltered by a vicar until the culprit is caught in Soho. Prostitute Roberta lives with her retarded brother and demented mother in an Argentinian rural village. Mother warns Roberta that she can have sex with almost any man in the village, except one - because then she would be killed. However, this last candidate, Sicilio, has put his sights on her. An untraceable group of elite bank robbers is chased by a suicidal FBI agent who uncovers a deeper purpose behind the robbery-homicides. It's okay to feel intimidated - it's one night out with four talented women who are probably smarter than you, most likely sexier than you and definitely funnier than you. Top comediennes and close friends Amy Schumer, Rachel Feinstein, Nikki Glaser and Marina Franklin come together in New York City for a special evening of killer comedy and sharp humor that will have you doubled over with laughter and begging for more. In this smart and incisive thriller, a Dutch cop of Moroccan heritage goes undercover in a Moroccan drug ring and finds there a feeling of belonging he never experienced in "normal" society. A psychologist interviews a death row inmate to determine whether or not a stay of execution should be granted. Three years after the fall of the Berlin Wall; six months before the split of Czechoslovakia. Despite all warnings, a young homicide detective sets on investigating a convoluted case that involves Catholic clerical elite and high-ranked agents of the former secret service. Fan Ruyi, a detective, finds himself framed after getting a top secret mission. Along the way he meets a blind performer and a powerful warlord's daughter that further complicates his quest to clear his name. Prequel to "5th of a Degree." Frank is the type of guy who takes pride in his work, and wants nothing more than a clear mind to focus on his career. This is completely wrecked when his friend Jeff turns up in the early hours of the morning, calling on an old favour they both drunkenly agreed too. He's got a dead body, and wants some help - no questions asked. Facundo is a lawyer and he's having an affair with Violeta, his brother Rafa's girlfriend. When Rafa finds Violeta dead in their apartment, Facundo has to help him get rid of the body. The night turns into a perverse game of spite, violence, revenge and death. Josh McManus, a traveling salesman with a cloudy past, finds himself in a dusty West Texas town at the wrong time. After a crippling series of earthquakes throws the entire world into chaos, a traveling salesman will have to fight his way through a vicious outlaw biker gang known as the Barbarians to get home to his family. Peace, a hustler is shown to be the center of various issues in the small town of Owerri, also known as O-Town. City police surround a building attempting to capture a suspected murder. The suspect knows there is no escape but refuses to give in. Three different countries and one case of deadly violence each. Three men who have killed and three families who have lost a beloved one.  In the common idea of guilt and punishment this makes three who get punished and three who are meant to forget. Unthinkable to imagine the two sides will ever get closer. The film tells three times the impossible story: To meet your enemy - in thoughts, in messages, in real life.  A film that challenges our ideas of guilt and punishment. IN PLAIN SIGHT: Stories of Hope and Freedom is a feature-length documentary focused on six modern-day abolitionists as they fight sex trafficking across America. Journeying to six US cities, the film opens the viewer's eyes to what's happening down the street "in plain sight". Through engaging interviews with numerous victims of sex trafficking, the force, coercion, and deception of the children and women becomes apparent. In the midst of the darkness, stories of hope and freedom emerge as each survivor shares how she was impacted through the work of a sex trafficking aftercare home. Though no one can see him, Hollow Face lurks in the corners, desperately desiring love but only knowing how to spread fear and hate. He creeps into the life of John Farrow after Farrow's beloved 13-year-old daughter Mia is assaulted in their home. The line between the real and the imaginary blurs as fissures start to open within the family unit. It seems that no security measure can keep Hollow Face out. When an artifact known as the "King's Seal" is stolen during transport from Soul Society, Hitsugaya Toushirou is assigned to retrieve it. Toushirou goes missing after a battle with the thieves, leading Seireitei to suspect him of treachery. They order his immediate capture and execution. Unwilling to believe him capable of such a crime, Ichigo, Rangiku, Rukia, and Renji set out to find Toushirou. Failed architect, engineer and vicious murderer Jack narrates the details of some of his most elaborately orchestrated crimes, each of them a towering piece of art that defines his life's work as a serial killer for twelve years. A thrice-divorced radio DJ meets the woman of his dreams but can he convince her of the truth of his feelings? An exploration of love, adapted from the novel by Pulitzer prize winning author Carol Shields. Mercedes' fantasy turns into a nightmare. Juan's greatest fear takes the shape of a strange man entering his house. The city has fallen into chaos and anarchy, so it's going to be difficult to get some ice for the drinks; but tonight, Mercedes is an object of desire to men, so nothing else matters. War hero turned villain George Martin escapes from prison, but he is handcuffed to a naive young crook Willie Stannard. After using a clever plan to obtain railway tickets, and with the police, and the press in hot pursuit, George has to find a way of breaking loose from Willie, and to make his escape. Exposure follows a rookie Detroit African-American female cop who stumbles upon corrupt officers who are murdering a drug dealer, an incident captured by her body cam. They pursue her through the night in an attempt to destroy the footage, but to make matters worse, they've tipped off a criminal gang that she's responsible for the dealer's death. Clover is finishing a veterinary course when her brother dies and she is called home to her family's struggling Somerset farm. The two young Swedish journalist's Erik Gandini and Tarik Saleh have worked one year with Sacrificio, a film about the events surrounding the death of Che Guevara. They have traveled the world around and met among others the man who shot Che Guevara and the former CIA agent who walks around with Che's last tobacco in his pistol butt. In their attempts to find out what really happened they discover that the man who is accused of having betrayed Che Guevara as a matter of fact lives in Malmo, in the south of Sweden. Londoner Harry Fabian is a second-rate con man looking for an angle. After years of putting up with Harry's schemes, his girlfriend, Mary, becomes fed up when he taps her for yet another loan. His latest ploy, promoting an aging Greek wrestler, goes awry when the wrestler dies and everyone points the finger at Harry. Hiding out in a riverfront barge, Harry sees his grand ambitions spiral into a nightmare of fear and desperation as the underworld closes in. While on his travel across the Southwestern United States, with his Jeep CJ Renegade and his chestnut colt named Joe Brown, Luke meets Matt, son of a friend of his, Moose, who is in jail. Moose asks Luke to take care of Matt, and to help him to take possession of a piece of land. So starts their travel, full of adventures... A failed porn actor, working as an enforcer for a mafia kingpin, finds himself confronted with an all-out turf war after an errand goes drastically wrong. Going on the run is his only option. Two strangers, both at the end of their rope, suddenly meet in the middle of the unpredictable waters of Lake Michigan. After witnessing a miracle, a young Latina woman experiences strange things as a police detective searches for the truth behind his partner's death. A college teen named Rege slowly becomes engulfed in the criminal underworld when he crosses the path of a mysterious small-time gangster named "M Bhai". A boxer suffers a serious head injury during a fight, and must deal with the consequences. A group of five college graduates rent a cabin in the woods and begin to fall victim to a horrifying flesh-eating virus, which attracts the unwanted attention of the homicidal locals. A rock band gets stuck on a haunted farm while visiting its lead singer's family. Gil Garcia is at the end of his life. Wounded and bleeding in a church confessional, he tells an unsuspecting Father Wade his tragic story. At a young age, Gil's father takes him to America in search of a better life, forcing him to leave the girl he loves in Mexico. Orphaned shortly after arriving, Gil is taken in by his father's only friend, Dustin, who raises Gil along with his own son, Rod. Fifteen years later, Gil &amp; Rod have yet to find their way in life, still living at home and playing basketball on the streets for money. When cancer overtakes Dustin, they are faced with a funeral bill they cannot afford. Desperately searching for a solution, Rod suggests kidnapping for ransom. Gil knows of the perfect person: a woman married to a wealthy man who would never risk the life of his loved one for the relatively small amount of money in question. But Rod doesn't know the whole truth - the woman is Desdemona, Gil's childhood love from Mexico. Frank, a single man raising his child prodigy niece Mary, is drawn into a custody battle with his mother. Convicted of murder, Masayuki Ueda is sent to Hiroshima Prison along with his accomplice. But for a man like him, breaking out of prison is easy. A series of mysterious events take place and upon investigation it is revealed that a revenge is been taken of The Murder which was committed many years ago in Federal B Area,Islamabad. In the 1980s, Charles, an enigmatic con man and a vicious killer and Commisioner Amod Kanth are embroiled in a game of cat and mouse. A gangster known as "Samurai" wants to turn the waterfront of Rome into a new Las Vegas. All the local mob bosses have agreed to work for this common goal. But peace is not to last long. After his best friend dies in an unexpected accident, black market dealer Young-gyu decides to wash his hands off his illegal activities and start a new life with his girlfriend Yu-ri. But his dream stalls when he learns that Yu-ri needs money for her father's surgery. To help her out, Young-gyu decides to do the job one last time. His smuggling ring operates out of a boat that runs between Korea and China, picking victims from its voyager pool and harvesting their organs. Meanwhile, a married couple, Sang-ho and Chae-hee, boards Young-gyu's passenger boat heading to Weihai, China. That very evening, just when the boat enters international sea waters where countries' laws cannot be enforced, Chae-hee goes missing and all her pictures and belongings vanishes without a trace. Young-gyu finds Yu-ri on the same ship, and she claims to be the only witness to Chae-hee's disappearance. In this 120 minute feature we watch as a childhood friendship shaped by necessity, turns to an adult one of comfort. Local drug dealer Thurgood Jacobs (aka T), and his closest friend Lazarus James (aka L) have been in the business for years. Our story find the two just days before T's 30th birthday. With the wear and tear of the business weighing on his conscious, the Police bearing down on his team and a purported rat in their ranks, T wants out. However L, who has always had somewhat of a sinister influence over T's decisions somehow connivance him to stick it out for this one last big score. In February 1945, Jules Ternes returns to Luxembourg. To escape conscription, he fled the country and joined the resistance movement in France. Back in his hometown, Jules hopes to find peace of mind and put the war behind him. But he returns to a country devastated by the Battle of the Bulge and deeply divided from four years of occupation. His sister Mathilde is now engaged to Armand, the leader of the local resistance and his girlfriend Leonie has another man in her life. Jules nevertheless resumes a relationship with her and accepts a post as an auxiliary policeman. When Leonie is assassinated along with the German farmers she works for, the life Jules was struggling to rebuild collapses. The ensuing investigation will reveal grey areas of the Occupation along with the efforts made in high places to cover them up. Struggling with his new life in New Orleans, Clive follows Trevor, a former professor to his country home on the bayou to gain a new perspective. While Trevor helps Clive deal with his demons, Clive is sucked into a mission to kill. An ex-con sets out in search of his kidnapped sister through the criminal underbelly of Shreveport, Louisiana. Part of the Optofonica #1 series In upstate New York, two teenage boys are tasked with cleaning out their father's old mobile home on an abandoned property, but the boys are in for a surprise when they discover three crooks on the run have taken refuge in the trailer. Raj Malhotra is a luckless architect who seeks success but in vain. He bumps into a social activist named Priya. Raj finds out that Priya is a lucky charm for him but unfortunately she is protecting the community center for which he aims to win the contract of demolishing for a brand new shopping mall. When a poker player hits rock bottom he enlists his best friend to pull off a high-stakes heist. A man who returns home to find his wife cheating on him on their anniversary. He holds her and her naked and humiliated lover captive at gunpoint while he decides whether or not he's going to kill them. The story, inspired by true events, takes place over one day and is set in New Orleans during a stifling heat wave. At a writers' retreat on an isolated island, novelist Zandra joins a group of strangers confronting their darkest secrets. But when a member of the party mysteriously disappears, they realize there's something else on the island. A wealthy young man is conned into staging a fake kidnapping in order to be a hero and win the affection of a girl he's madly in love with. But when one of the hired kidnappers is accidentally killed during the charade, he's forced to actually save her life while not revealing that it's been a ruse all along. h)ac(k)tivist-noun: a person who uses technology to bring about social change. The Hacker Wars - a film about the targeting of (h)ac(k)tivists, activists and journalists by the US government. There is a war going on- the war for our minds. The Hacker Wars. A comedic thriller that re-imagines Mark Twain's iconic literary characters of "Huckleberry Finn" and "Tom Sawyer" as grown men in current day. Seven years ago director Sheldon Wilson set out to tell a story involving crooked cops, a mafia godfather, murder, a public poisoning, Elvis Presley, prison gang leaders and a cocaine-addicted newspaper editor who printed it all. As it turns out, this was just the beginning. This film follows the extraordinary story of two innocent men whose lives are torn apart solely because of their race. Mike Borrelli, an Italian-American NYPD detective and his partner Bob Davis, one of the first African-American detectives in New York, are convicted of first-degree murder. But Borrelli and Davis are innocent. Law enforcement agents know it too, but they are hell bent to connect the murder to the mafia. Incredibly, they give the real killer immunity and place him into witness protection in exchange for his false testimony against the two officers. This incredibly moving story is a testament to their courage and a friendship that has spanned over 50 years. A domestic comedy about a couple who take in boarders to pay the rent on their large house. A group of honest police is sent to a country town to solve the problem of high crime. Soon they solve the problem while newcomer Francis (Cleo Pires) must overcome their limits to prove that it has value. They are acclaimed by public opinion. But before long the application of the force of the law begins to annoy everyone and the true enemy is revealed. The story of the short life, and brutal gang rape and murder in Delhi in December 2012 of an exceptional and inspiring young woman. The rape of the 23 year old medical student by 6 men on a moving bus, and her death, sparked unprecedented protests and riots throughout India and led to the first glimmers of a change of mindset. Interwoven into the story line are the lives, values and mindsets of the rapists whom the film makers have had exclusive and unprecedented access to interview before they hang. The film examines the society and values which spawn such violent acts, and makes an optimistic and impassioned plea for change. Slaking a thirst for dangerous games, Kathryn challenges her stepbrother, Sebastian, to deflower their headmaster's daughter before the summer ends. If he succeeds, the prize is the chance to bed Kathryn. But if he loses, Kathryn will claim his most prized possession. Colonel Robert Sikes is on a mission to rid his city of crime. As a stealthy, one-man assault team, he will take on street gangs, mobsters, and politicians with extreme prejudice until his mission is complete. His former protege, William Porter, teams up with the local police department to bring his former commander to justice and prevent him from further vigilantism. The brutal brothers from Bethnal Green are back and bloodier than ever in FALL OF THE KRAYS. Following on from the ferocious Rise Of The Krays, FALL OF THE KRAYS picks up the story of the infamous Firm as the cracks start to show in the brothers business plans and their sanity. Having secured their empire and their infamy, the brothers must now fight to keep hold of both as the obsession of one police officer becomes entwined with a burgeoning romance and a dangerous state of mind for Reggie and Ronnie respectively. Starring Brian Patrick Butler, George Jac and directed by Tony Olmos. An ex-con trying to find work in a new Depression is lured back to a life of crime, but his gang passes the point of no return once they become fugitives. Bob Wagg and Walter Lane live in a tarpaper shack, hunting, fishing, trapping and logging with oxen. They prefer the sounds of the birds to the roar of highway traffic, and scorn the money-chasing of city life. Covering a period of four seasons in the remote backwoods of Maine, Dead River Rough Cut presents a revealing look at an individual way of life. Wagg  and Lane earn a living and accept their isolation for the independence it allows them. But not everyone would want to draw water from a hole in the ice. They share their reflections about women, politics, taxes, the lone life and death. Florida Justice Transitions is home to 120 convicted sex offenders. Like in many other U.S. states, sex offenders are not allowed to live within 1000 feet of places frequented by children. Because of this, many sex offenders live under bridges or in woods - or in the trailer park Florida Justice Transitions - known as Pervert Park. The crimes committed by the residents range from simple misdemeanors to horrendous acts unbearable to contemplate. 'Don't build prisons, they cost too much!' In this era of Great Recession, the conservative and tough-on-crime State of Texas takes an unprecedented path by becoming a social justice leader with programs that rehabilitate offenders. Looks like rape, abuse and death are no longer parts of the solution for modern-day Bonnie and Clyde... On 24th August 1992 in the eastern German city of Rostock a rampaging mob, to the applause and cheering of more than 3,000 bystanders, besieged and set fire to a residential building containing, among others, more than 120 Vietnamese men, women and children on what has since become known as "The Night of the Fire." The riots became a symbol for xenophobia in the just recently reunited Germany. This film recounts the incident from the perspectives of three very different characters. This FDA film explores the history of hallucinogenic drugs, and specifically the effects and therapeutic uses of lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD). Combining graphics that suggest a hallucinogenic experience, snippets of interviews with users (who explain their reasons for taking the drug) and doctors, and taped sessions of research with volunteers, the film delves into the destructive as well as possible positive uses of the drug. A retired bodyguard who has settled into a corner of the world where China, Russia and North Korea meet as he suffers from early dementia finds a new friend in a young girl. When her life is threatened by her father's connection with a local crime lord, .the bodyguard must call upon his long forgotten skills to save her. Max Lowe is a Houston surgeon who has grown weary of the bureaucracy of American medicine. When he loses a patient on the operating table, Max impulsively decides to leave America and travel to India in the hope of finding himself. Not long after he arrives in Calcutta, Max is attacked by a group of thugs and left without money or a passport. Peace Officer is a documentary about the increasingly militarized state of American police as told through the story of Dub Lawrence, a former sheriff who established his rural state's first SWAT team only to see that same unit kill his son-in-law in a controversial standoff 30 years later. Driven by an obsessed sense of mission, Dub uses his own investigation skills to uncover the truth in this and other recent officer-involved shootings in his community, while tackling larger questions about the changing face of peace officers nationwide. The Dead End If you've never been good at anything in your life, why would murder be any different? Patrick (David Hewlett) has always had a somewhat combative relationship with his little sister Marilyn (Kate Hewlett), but when she brings home her new sci-fi soap star fiance Ryan (Paul McGillion), it's all out war. When Patrick fails to drive a wedge between the happy couple, he reaches for sharper instruments. The danger is palpable as intrepid young filmmaker Nanfu Wang follows maverick activist Ye Haiyan (a.k.a Hooligan Sparrow) and her band of colleagues to Hainan Province in southern China to protest the case of six elementary school girls who were sexually abused by their principal. Marked as enemies of the state, the activists are under constant government surveillance and face interrogation, harassment, and imprisonment. Sparrow, who gained notoriety with her advocacy work for sex workers' rights, continues to champion girls' and women's rights and arms herself with the power and reach of social media. The true story of Billy Moore, an English boxer incarcerated in Thailand's most notorious prison. Thrown into a world of drugs and violence, he finds his best chance to escape is to fight his way out in Muay Thai tournaments. After many controversies Poland's biggest military intelligence and counter-intelligence agency (commonly known as WSI) is liquidated, but its place is immediately taken by a new, secret military organization. Forced to deal with obscure cases, Its three members soon begin to doubt both their mission and the people they work for. Three people who have lost everything, a soldier tired of fighting, a young woman and a little girl, pose as a family to escape the civil war in Sri Lanka. They emigrate to France and settle in a chaotic neighborhood on the outskirts of Paris, where apparently the law no longer exists; but they, who barely know each other, struggle to survive there, even when the ghosts of war begin to haunt them again. An extraordinary film about memory, and specifically the fading memory of an 86-year-old political activist who has fought tirelessly against historical amnesia and for justice in Argentina. The director's grandmother, Laura Bonaparte, was one of the founders of the Mothers of the Plaza de Mayo, formed during the 1970s by women whose children and family members had been disappeared by the Videla military dictatorship. Laura herself lost three children and their partners, including the director's parents. Today, after a lifetime battling that the disappeared never be forgotten, Laura faces her own struggle to remember. "Voices From Within" brings you into a world most people never see-a mental institution. For the first time in the history of Saint Elizabeth's Hospital, cameras were allowed inside and placed into the hands of four individuals in care: Jimmy, Lee, Kevin, and Calvin, who have been residents for a combined 160 years. All of them have series mental illnesses. A rebellious teenager, a hardcore gang member, and an idealistic cop risk everything to find their place in the crumbling fabric of modern America.  While idealistic rookie cop David is able to keep his family safe until use-of-force incidents put him under pressure to make a fateful decision, hardcore gang member Lito steps into dangerous territory when he defies gang matriarch Tia in his hustle for wealth and power. At the same time, rebellious teenager Rio flirts with gang life until he has to deal with his own guilt over a tragic death. A dishonest insurance salesman's life quickly disintegrates during a Wisconsin winter when he teams up with a psychopath to steal a rare violin at the home of a reclusive farmer. Comedian Willie Barcena, a 12-year comedy veteran, never shies away from a challenge. He just completed a 2-year run with The Morning Show on KSFM 102.5 Sacramento. During that time The Morning Show shot to the number one spot in this highly competitive market.  Willie s talent has garnered him sold-out standup shows all over the country and 10 appearances on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno." Jay even invited Willie to perform for the troops in Afghanistan. Barcena helped provide much-needed laughter to that part of the world.  Willie s has a unique perspective on life and his comedy is honed from his numerous jobs as security guard and plumber to roofer and limo driver. After 12 years of stand-up roadwork Willie is now ready to unleash his brash and unabridged comedy on the world. Based on real events, and set in Rio de Janeiro, A Wolf at the Door is the nerve-rattling tale of a kidnapped child and the terror of the parents left behind. When Sylvia discovers her six-year-old daughter has been picked up at school by an unknown woman, police summon her husband, Bernardo, to the station for questioning. From that point on, the film takes increasingly sinister turns as it delves into the events that led to the girl's kidnapping. With plot twists that will keep the audience on the edge of their seats, A Wolf at the Door is a darkly disturbing journey into the extreme limits of the human capacity for obsession and revenge. A murderer must be found in a little town in Baden-Wurttemberg, Germany. The reinvigorated elderly group that left Earth comes back to visit their relatives. Will they all decide to go back to the planet where no one grows old, or will they be tempted to remain on Earth? In the Mexican narco-war, thousands of mothers search for their missing sons and daughters. In Portraits of a Search, the stories of Natividad, Guadalupe and Margarita intertwine to convey the different forms of confronting the search and uncertainty: one turns to the FBI, another obtains the Nation's president's personal promise, and the other tries to return to her routines so as to save her grandson. A portrait of Mexico today. Filmmaker Luigi Acquisto and two young sisters help former Australian police and Special Forces officers rescue children from Filipino sex bars, and investigate the man who allegedly abused their younger sister. In the midst of the Balkan wars, a squad of Navy SEALs attempts to unravel a long-forgotten mystery after discovering an enormous treasure trove hidden at the bottom of a lake in Serbia. Along one day, powerful Argentine Federal Judge Alberto Franccioni receives at his house different people from his inner circle asking for advice and council, typing their lives and grouping in power. Faced with losing his daughter, a widower attempts to cover up an accidental death, only to come face to face with his darkest ambitions for revenge. While sorting her dead grandmother's affairs, a young woman boards in a southern mansion and soon discovers the matriarch may desire more than just her company. A group of Meerut rogues aspire to become crime kingpins and local politicos. But, a major kidnapping makes them lose their all. The US President and the UK Prime Minister are planning on launching a war in the Middle East, but--behind the scenes--government officials and advisers are either promoting the war or are trying to prevent it. In the early 1990s, a Japanese samurai detective series was aired in Australia and became a cult success. Titled in Japan "Ronin Suiri Tentai" (meaning roughly "Deductive Reasoning Ronin"), it was soon known in the West as "Top Knot Detective." The original series was legendary in Japan, a cultural train wreck led by Takashi Tawagoto, a crazy writer, producer, director and lead actor; one who could not act, fight or write at all. The film traces modern-day slavery in Cambodia by disclosing the fate of this young woman and following, in parallel, the daily lives of two human traffickers, a local recruiter and the head of an agency. Cambodian people call these traffickers Mey Kechol: The Storm Makers. When a  successful young artist named Benjamin is involuntarily committed, he is completely baffled, for he doesn't remember anything about what happened. Life in the psychiatric institute is violent and absurd, but step by step, Benjamin seems to come to grips with himself again. He starts to realize how narcissistic he used to be. When he is released and meets up with his old friends, he is confronted with yet another truth. Three skinheads learning about the meaning of life and true friendship. Yamraaj (Gulshan Grover), has a major hold in the underworld, and has got his own stylish life fall of luxuries. Seeing this, Birju (Mithun Chakraborty) and Krishna (Jackie Shroff), dream to become Yamraaj one day. Inspector Dharamveer (Prem Chopra), warns them not to indulge in completion of this dream, but they wont listen to him. They start working for Yamraaj, and slowly impress Yamraaj with their work and get lots of money and other luxuries. One day an incident makes Krishna feel whether this life is good or the life they were living before this was better. He decides to part ways from this underworld and live the normal life of humanity. Now, Birju is alone to reach to his goal of becoming Yamraaj while Krishna starts helping police. Will Yamraaj let Krishna live? Will Birju get to reach his dream? What was that incident that changed Krishna alive? Will Birju and Krishna solve their fight? This is what the story is all about. Black Friday, the day after Thanksgiving November 2012, four boys in a red SUV pull into a gas station after spending time at the mall buying sneakers and talking to girls. With music blaring, one boy exits the car and enters the store, a quick stop for a soda and a pack of gum. A man and a woman pull up next to the boys in the station, making a stop for a bottle of wine. The woman enters the store and an argument breaks out when the driver of the second car asks the boys to turn the music down. 3 1/2  minutes and ten bullets later, one of the boys is dead. 3 1/2  MINUTES dissects the aftermath of this fatal encounter. This film adaptation of Irving Berlin's classic musical stars Betty Hutton as gunslinger Annie Oakley, who romances fellow sharpshooter Frank Butler (Howard Keel) as they travel with Buffalo Bill's Wild West Show. Previously off target when it comes to love, Annie proves you can get a man with a gun in this battle-of-the-sexes extravaganza, which features timeless numbers like "Anything You Can Do" and "There's No Business Like Show Business." Summer, New York City. A college girl falls hard for a guy she just met. After a night of partying goes wrong, she goes to wild extremes to get him back. Crime comedy set in a village somewhere in Bavaria, centering around a village policeman's attempt to solve a murder case, his chaotic private life and the dysfunctional relationship with his wacky father. Three lighthouse keepers on an uninhabited island off the coast of Scotland discover something that isn't theirs to keep. Accused of a crime he did not commit, Tommy decides to take the blame and serve a sentence at Glasgow's Barlinnie prison, presuming his family will be looked after. However, he finds himself at the mercy of prison life whilst his family are left to fend for themselves. When he is finally released he is forced to pick up the pieces of his life and face the reality of his situation. Meet the dirtiest cop in NYC history. Michael Dowd stole money and dealt drugs while patrolling the streets of '80s Brooklyn. Utaji heard that her ex-lover Seijirou would get married to Ochiyo a daughter of Ise-ya. She murdered Ochiyo and took over the Ise-ya's shop with Hikoroku a head clerk of Ise-ya. Moreover Utaji killed Hikoroku. But... Yi-Hwan (Lee Min-Ki) is a former professional baseball player. He was involved in fixing games and lost everything. Gang boss Sang-Ha (Park Sung-Woong) runs a money lending business and a gambling location. He makes Yi-Hwan work for him. Meanwhile, Yi-Hwan falls for bar owner Yeon-Soo (Lee Tae-Im). A research scientist explores the boundaries and frontiers of consciousness. Using sensory deprivation and hallucinogenic mixtures from native American shamans, he explores these altered states of consciousness and finds that memory, time, and perhaps reality itself are states of mind.  Welcome to Flavor Country. Sandbox is back again with another great mix of many different styles of snowboarding. Flavor Country features some of the top pro riders along with a group of talented up and comers. We have been out shooting in some amazing locations this season such as Whistler/Blackcomb and Whistler backcountry, Blue River, the Alberta Rockies, Colorado, Japan, New Zealand, Quebec, South America, and Turkey.  Athletes:Andrew Hardingham, Kevin Sansalone, Dustin Craven, Mark Sollors, Joni Makinen, Rube Goldberg, Ryan Hall, Tyler Lepore, Paul Gonzalez, Scott Shaw, Jonas Guinn, Brendan Keenan, Jeff Keenan, Rusty Okenden, Jeff Pepperdine, Geoff Brown, Andrew Burns, Mike Sudermann, Mikey Pederson, Logan Short Friends hatch a plot to retrieve a stolen cat by posing as drug dealers for a street gang. Wong Kam-Kwei, a gang boss on the decline, overseeing bathhouses and karaoke bars, falls for a small restaurant owner, Mei. He begins to help her business, and learns that Mei is already in love with Leung, a member of his gang. He's also like a brother to Kam-Kwei. When a rival gang hoping to steal his territory kills Leung, the only thing left for Kam-Kwei to do now is to protect Mei and avenge Leung. A stranger arrives to the small town of Passo Fundo, south of Brazil. And he's on a manhunt of a killer that turns in a giant drug conspiracy running by an international conglomerate. Ken was making his life by smuggling methamphetamine with long time buddy, Kazu. Ken has decided to start a new life when he learned that his girlfriend, Saki, became pregnant. At the same time, Ken finds out that Kazu started selling on the side without getting approval from his boss, Mr. Todo. Ken tries to stop Kazu; however, instead, Kazu approaches a new partner. Knowing that this new deal puts their lives in great danger once Mr. Todo finds out... Suspicious of their dangerous involvement, Saki decides to leaves Ken. Mr. Todo finds out and decided to take action... Todo's guys start chasing Ken and Kazu. After their mother ends up in jail, two sisters turn to train robbery in order to support their family. Bill Williamson is back, alive and well and doing a recon mission around D.C. This time he wants to cause a major population disruption within the USA which result in devastating consequences reverberating throughout the world. His new mission this time to bring down The President of the United States and his Secret Service detail. Bill brings with him all the freak-in havoc and acidity of the previous 2 movies. The famous five George, Julian, Dick, Anne and Timmy the dog are spending holidays together. But when they are invited by Berhard, father of Julian, Dick and Anne, to visit an egyptian exhibition they see a burglar. They have a look at the mummy the burglar was tempering with to find a golden amulet. The famous five decide to visit Egypt to hand over the amulet. When arriving in Egypt Bernhard is arrested because he's asserted he stole the amulet and replaced it with a fake. Now its up to the young detectives to solve the case and prove their fathers innocence.  Minna, a drug addict who makes a living dealing drugs, can't pay rent and after cheating some delinquents she runs with the money. She meets Katja and they move together to an illegal residence outside the city, where a group of people have decided to join and live by their own rules. The Manzoni family, a notorious mafia clan, is relocated to Normandy, France under the witness protection program, where fitting in soon becomes challenging as their old habits die hard. A crime drama set in 1970s Boston, about a gun sale which goes wrong. A group of teens break into a blind man's home thinking they'll get away with the perfect crime. They're wrong. Miller lives alone in an abandoned Alabama slaughterhouse. His memory and sanity are shattered and his only company is the spirit of his lover, who was murdered a decade ago. Ruth arrives, desperate to discover the truth about her mother's death. She stays with Miller for three nights. Together they piece together the fragments of his memory, but they are horrified at what they uncover.  Due to psychological issues with performing his secret mission the undercover detective visits a private psychiatrist and tells her about the reason for his visit. When she thinks the detective is just another ordinary patient with a need for a "cathartic" conversation and discussing his heady action detective experience, she realizes he's a much more complicated case, a case she might not be able to take in her stride. A young bride in the midst of her wedding finds herself mysteriously transported to the TARDIS. The Doctor must discover what her connection is with the Empress of Racnoss's plan to destroy the world. 27 well-to-do people have all vanished under similar circumstances. J.G. Reeder, an elderly gentleman who fancies himself a detective, decides to investigate the matter. Cruel revenge...a confession even crueler than that.  Movie director Byeong-cheon invites high school student Se-yeong over to his house to interview her for a character in his next movie. He relives her nerves with some vodka and starts the interview on a good note but things change when Byeong-cheon brings out his real intentions. Gang leader Jeet Johar and his young, loyal, and often-brutal crew dress like peacocks, love attention, and openly compete with an old style Indo crime syndicate to take over the Vancouver drug and arms scene. Blood is spilled, hearts are broken, and family bonds shattered as the Beeba Boys do anything to be seen and to be feared in a white world. Set in 20th Century Japan the documentary explores the role and power of Central Banks and how they can be used to change a country's economic political and social structures A documentary adaption off the book by Professor Richard Werner. A dangerous international spy is determined to give up his high stakes life to finally build a closer relationship with his estranged wife and daughter. But first, he must complete one last mission - even if it means juggling the two toughest assignments yet: hunting down the world's most ruthless terrorist and looking after his teenage daughter for the first time in ten years, while his wife is out of town. After decades behind bars, three men set out to prove success can lie on the other side of tragedy. Follows the stories of Harrison, Noel, and Chris as they return home from San Quentin State Prison. After spending most of their lives incarcerated, they are forced to reconcile their perception of themselves with a reality they are unprepared for. Each struggles to overcome personal demons and reconstruct their fractured lives. Grappling with day-to-day challenges and striving for success, they work to reconnect with family and provide for themselves for the first time in their adult lives. Told in an unadorned verite style, we experience the truth of their heartaches and triumphs. As their stories unfold over weeks, months and years, the precarious nature of freedom after incarceration in America is revealed. Humberto works as a night watchman at a remote and desolate construction site. One night he becomes, unwittingly, the sole witness to a cover up. Afraid of being retaliated against lest he come forth, he decides to keep quiet. Gradually and without him being aware of it, Humberto ends up inflicting on his family the same violence from which he's running away. When Alana, a naive stripper, is raped by her boss, Stag, and his drug dealer friend, she turns to her fellow dancers for help. Joined by the beautiful Roxy and seductive Crystal, they hatch a plan to kidnap Stag and force him to give them the combination to his safe. Using his own vices against him, they seduce and drug him. When he wakes he is cuffed in his office where three women he has wronged in different ways hold him captive. In what becomes a grim battle of wills, the girls use physical and mental torture to try to force the combination from him, needing the money to flee before he gets free and kills them all. But they quickly realize they're in over their heads as everything that can go wrong does. As the walls close in around them they have until dawn to get even, get the money and get gone. A paleontologist gets a tip from an oil worker in the Badlands that may set her career back on track. The police commissioner asks some local street kids to toughen up his sissy son. Deep in an inner city hell, a ghastly figure is killing off the bad guys. A vigilante, or a demon? For the beautiful high school student, Jada, that's the question that will bring her face to face with the killer clown Killjoy. Varun Blake is an Atlanta police officer that consumes himself with hunting and bringing to justice a shadowy killer. After being adopted from India by American parents, Varun dedicates himself to the city that doesn't accept him. After a few unexplained murders happen at the newly outsourced company, InfoTech, his ex-wife is in danger of being the next victim. A young, recently-released and unpredictable ex-con with bad luck, and a sexy, listless girl-next-door with a troubled family, become trapped in a downward spiral of crime and obsessive love, as they try to ditch their dead-end town for a better life. Since his childhood, interested in cars, car races and dreamed to be a rally pilot but became a minibus driver in Ankara. This movie tells Yusuf's story full of action as well as comedy. UFC 11: The Proving Ground was a mixed martial arts event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship on September 20th, 1996, at the Augusta Civic Center in Augusta, Georgia. The event was broadcast live on pay-per-view in the United States, and later released on home video. A father's past involves him and his teenage daughter in a cycle of violence. Two siblings on a mission. After their elderly father gets hurt in an accident, they run to his side. He has breaking news about their mother, who abandoned them. He also hid something valuable and now brother and sister must work together. Following a group of students who leaves hateful comments on the page of a fellow pupil who recently committed suicide. A movie by Jon Jost, who is the maestro of the American experimental movie world. The film tells us the strange incidents that happen in the ruined old village. Comparing to Jon Jost's previous movies, this film has a clearer narrative and is more experimental with the structure as well. The essay film, which takes place in Missouri where they live an outdated lifestyle and where old culture still exists, confuses the boundary between fiction and non-fiction. The movie is based from a true story but instead of telling the exact story, the director casts real actors and gives a little twist to it. The actors explain about the inhumane incidents that happened in the village and while reviving it, they create their own narratives. Almost all the employees of a spicy sauce factory are slaughtered. Responsible for this drama: hitman Victor Patibulo, notorious for sucking on a pacifier ever since his favorite poodle got killed. One body is absent among the dead: big boss Heraclito, who had just created a revolutionary new sauce. Is there a connection? There's only one man who'll be able to find out: the handsome, strong and clever Marcello Risk, star of the anti-terrorism unit K.K.D.B.B. Together with his sidekick, Guadalajara Man, big fan of martial arts and bananas, he'll try to solve the mystery. But there are many weird and wonderful enemies on their path, their boss is mind-bogglingly dumb and their residential science genius hasn't eaten in weeks. Cutbacks, you know! There is no normal. We all wear masks. Applecart is a portmanteau film featuring stories dealing with the perversions, shame, rage, and secrets we all keep hidden. Applecart is presented to you as an experimental silent film with a unique sound design and stunning black and white cinematography. It is graphic, transgressive, and honest. Molly Bloom, a young skier and former Olympic hopeful becomes a successful entrepreneur (and a target of an FBI investigation) when she establishes a high-stakes, international poker game. Toro (Spanish for "Bull") is a young con man and the right hand of Romano, a powerful mob boss in Torremolinos, Malaga (Andalusia, south to Spain). After Toro decides to leave Romano to get a life free of crime, his last sting fails, resulting one of his brothers dead and he sent to jail. Five years later, Romano realizes that Lopez, Toro's older brother, is robbing him money from his tourism business and he orders to kidnap Diana, Lopez's little daughter, until this one get back the money. Without options, Lopez visits Toro, now a touristic driver with the third grade prison close to get the parole, who only wants to be free to marry his girlfriend Estrella. When Toro accepts to help Lopez and both meet Romano looking for a solution, Toro ends attacking Romano's men and fleeing with Diana, trying to escape from Romano's revenge. But Romano starts a ruthless searching for they three, meanwhile Toro counts the hours to back the prison according to the third grade... Stuart, a 72 year old Jehovah's Witness suppressing his sexuality since childhood, is eventually exposed by his religious community for seeing another man in secret. A police shootout leaves four thieves dead during an explosive armed robbery attempt in Chicago. Their widows have nothing in common except a debt left behind by their spouses' criminal activities. Hoping to forge a future on their own terms, they join forces to pull off a heist. Year 2116--The Japanese government begins to export the Sibyl System unmanned drone robots to troubled countries, and the system spreads throughout the world. A state in the midst of a civil war, SEAUn (the South East Asia Union), brings in the Sibyl System as an experiment. Under the new system, the coastal town of Shambala Float achieves temporary peace and safety. But then SEAUn sends terrorists to Japan. They slip through the Sibyl System and then attack from within. The shadow of a certain man falls on this incident. In charge of the police, Tsunemori travels to Shambala Float to investigate. The truth of justice on this new ground will become clear. A pickpocket assumes various identities to steal from the aristocracy in early-20th-century Rio de Janeiro.  A rebellious teen is sentenced to serve time on his uncle's organic farm, only to learn that there's much more to the farm than meets the eye. Victoria Spick, a criminal lawyer who is single, turns up at a wedding and meets three men there: David, the father of her daughters; Vincent, a friend of hers; and Sam, a former drug dealer who she bailed out. The next day, Vincent is accused of attempted murder by his partner. The movie is about engineer named Mantra, who shifts to Hyderabad after landing a job. When unidentified goons attempt to murder her, she seeks help from her friend. The special bond that develops between plus-sized inflatable robot Baymax, and prodigy Hiro Hamada, who team up with a group of friends to form a band of high-tech heroes. Birthed in violence a new villain is born now three detectives job is to bring him down before they or someone else becomes his next victim A journalist, who is still in love with his ex-girlfriend, becomes the obsession of his landlord's daughter. Director, Umut Gunduz, is Stevie's brother. Whilst Stevie served his last prison sentence to date, the two made contact again after many years silent. It wasn't long before they both began to talk of their childhoods and it was then that Umut suggested the making of a film to Stevie. Having never really grown up together, Umut attempts to discover his brother through the medium of film. As he collects the footage and sifts through hours of family home video, he learns more and more about Stevie and begins to piece the young man together for himself, telling a complex story of guilt and misguided choices that inevitably lead to a life of crime, violence and separation. Yoon-seok, Sang-woo, Won-seon, Ho-young are 4 best friends living in Susaek, the poor town in Seoul. Having the waste landfill nearby, Susaek is full of smells and trucks carrying the metropolitan garbage. When Korea holds the 2002 World Cup, Susaek is mentioned for the place of new soccer stadium. Rich dealers crowd into the town and villagers get excited for the hope of redevelopment. Meanwhile Won-seon is recruited by the regional gang and gets involved in the redevelopment business, and the petty jealousy of Sang-woo cracks down their friendship... Lucas, a young lawyer obsessed with crime novels, turns a chance encounter with a beautiful woman into a date ending in his bed. But when he wakes up alone, missing a secret stash of cash, the game's afoot. Inspired by his favorite gumshoes, Lucas looks for clues. What was once a love story becomes the caper to end all capers. Prison Dogs is a story of redemption, strength, fear, love, and dedication. In this wonderfully human tale, prison inmates, along with veterans suffering with PTSD, find a path to a second chance at life through their love and care of a puppy. Fireworks revolves around a young man (played by Anger himself) associating with various navy sailors, who eventually turn on him, stripping him naked and beating him to death, ripping open his chest to find a clock ticking inside. Several fireworks then explode, accompanied by a burning Christmas tree and the final shot shows the young man lying in bed next to another topless man. During the Vietnam War, the CIA recruited Hmong tribesmen in the hills of Laos to fight the Communists, then brought them as refugees to America. Forty years later in California, someone who might be a CIA operative approaches a Hmong human rights activist about buying weapons to continue the fight. Upon his return home, a U.S. Marine must face up to the consequences of a shameful tragedy that has defined his past before he runs out of time. Follow the adventures of Belle, a bright young woman who finds herself in the castle of a prince who's been turned into a mysterious beast. With the help of the castle's enchanted staff, Belle soon learns the most important lesson of all -- that true beauty comes from within. In the 19th century, England controlled the biggest Empire the world had ever seen. Scientific breakthroughs, huge scale engineering, and great leaps in medicine led Britain's reign of global power. And yet, behind the facade there was darkness: an unimaginable world of evil - theft, rape, murder and more. This was the real world of Jack the Ripper and Sherlock Holmes. But there was a lesser known killer on the loose who was far worse than any of the others, a woman who would succeed in becoming one of the world's most prolific serial killers. Her name was Amelia Dyer and she killed over 400 innocent babies. A seemingly gentle old lady, Amelia would take in children under the guise of nurturing and caring for them when in reality she starved and strangled them to death. Explore inconceivable recesses of humanity in this shockingly true documentary study of human darkness and depravity at the turn of the century. Two feuding brothers (one a policeman, the other a martial arts expert) of different political views, join forces to avenge the death of their father, a retired agent, killed by the mafia. Viktor Karppa was forced involuntarily in the middle of Russia's internal power struggle. Soon bunch of assassins as well as Security Police are trying to catch Karppa. Karppa's family is also in great danger. In order to save themselves and their families they need to resort to Karppas friend, the police Korhonen , as well as his brother Aleksei. Two retired killers working at a cemetery decide to take a new gig. A Russian film-noir with an unexpected ending. A middle-aged couple has a drifter enter their lives. The fish-store owners find that the mysterious young man awakens the couple in ways they didn't expect. Things get tense when the drifter begins an affair with the woman of the house. When Natalie Conway's father passes away, she believes she will forever be on her own. So when her long lost brother, Luke, returns after a twenty-year hiatus she's elated. He's a missing piece to a familial puzzle that she believed lost. There's only one problem - Luke is a notorious scam-artist, and Natalie is the sole heir to their family's small fortune. Her feelings and his motives collide as brother and sister vie to get what they desire. A gunfighting stranger comes to the small settlement of Lago. After gunning down three gunmen who tried to kill him, the townsfolk decide to hire the Stranger to hold off three outlaws who are on their way. The story of a small .22 caliber gun ties together several episodes involving a cross-section of characters in the Caribbean underworld. In this anime anthology, a salvage ship crew happens upon a haunted vessel in "Magnetic Rose"; a cold tablet turns a lab worker into a biological weapon in "Stink Bomb"; and an urban populace carries on an endless war with an unseen foe in "Cannon Fodder." By 1933, Prohibition has proven a booming enterprise, where average citizens break the law, hide in the shadows and operate at night. The new world order has even lined the pockets of corrupt cops like Jack Malone. He collects a 'luxury tax' from every bootlegger and scofflaw in the small town he has sworn to protect. While shaking down the newest speakeasy in the local underground, Jack and his men uncover a clan of vampires hell bent on taking over the town. Now Chesterfield, an ancient vampire, and his horde must hide their secret at any cost. The bloody result leaves several bodies and innocent townsfolk taken as lambs to await the slaughter. With nowhere else to turn, Jack joins forces with a busboy and a crazy preacher to save the town and make a final stand against Chesterfield and his vampires. A comedy in which the tenants of a high rise work together to defeat a cruel loan shark. Mark is a nomad fighter who is taken in the backseat of a car to fight in underground combats. He meets Sandy, a young and beautiful prostitute who shares his same desire: forget the pain and begin their lives from zero. But Mark's past will catch up to him, putting in danger Sandy, his escape plan, and all the people who surround him. Professor Jay Verma finds himself in a precarious situation amidst his failing career and crumbling marital relationship. Struggling to make his way out, he seeks help from Ronnie, a student in lieu of his help to complete Ronnie's thesis. The two strike a deal, however, soon things go awry and the professor begins to question his own sanity. A menacing shark-like predator attacks a Hawaiian tourist area in this low-budget creature feature. An uncredited Roger Corman served as executive producer. When the Muslim princess Ameera is kidnapped by a local crime syndicate, undercover cop Lt. Jamal Razul a.k.a Magnum  is given the task of getting her back. Aided by fellow officer Joselito Ibanez, Razul discovers that there's more to the kidnapping than mere ransom. In the late 1970s, Cockney crime boss Harold Shand, a gangster trying to become a legitimate property mogul, has big plans to get the American Mafia to bankroll his transformation of a derelict area of London into the possible venue for a future Olympic Games. However, a series of bombings targets his empire on the very weekend the Americans are in town. Shand is convinced there is a traitor in his organization, and sets out to eliminate the rat in typically ruthless fashion. When Lloyd, a photographer slowly dying of a brain tumor, realises the growth killing him is breathing life into the recently dead, he uses his camera lens as the conduit to reanimation. After discovering a disturbing snuff film of a beautiful naked woman being tortured and murdered, he is compelled to bring her back to life. Enchanted by her grace and charm he resurrects her night after night and gradually falls in love. However, each night Lloyd also unwittingly resurrects her killer... SHAPE. It is the Second World War. The Nazis have invaded Britain. There is a split between the resistance and those who prefer to collaborate with the invaders for a quiet life. The protagonist, a nurse, is caught in the middle. Ji-hyuk is an expert safe-cracker who lives the highlife stealing antiques and jewelry with his team. CHO, a powerful and cruel gang boss threatens them to steal $150 million with him. Ji-hyuk plans to get revenge on CHO, but ends up falling into his trap. However, CHO later realizes it was all part of Ji-hyuk's scheme. When Ji-hyuk, who was thought dead, reappears, hidden secret relations between the technicians also surface. After her daughter is kidnapped, a lawyer is forced to defend a criminal in exchange for her daughter's freedom.  Jane is a beautiful but troubled American girl backpacking through Japan, when her raw street fighting skills draw the attention of Oshima, Japanese karate champion, who recruits and trains her to fight in the vicious, all-female, underground martial arts tournament known as "The Kumite". After months of rigorous preparation, Jane is ready to face off against the deadliest female fighters in the world, including Ling, the Chinese apprentice of Oshima's nemesis. But other nefarious forces lie in the shadows, and Jane and Ling will have to unite on a journey that will take them from the gritty underworld of Hong Kong to the glitz of Macao, before deciding who really is the best female fighter on the planet. Thiller based on the Detective story Rwin by Shirshendu Mukhopadhyay. The film is directed by Arindam Sil, and produced by Reliance Entertainment and Mundus Services. This is the second directorial venture of the director after Aborto. The film is based on the investigation of the murder of Mitali Ghosh (Swastika Mukherjee).What follows is a revelation of certain shameful truths that are prevalent in the life of a typical high society person. The movie, for the most part, charts the AIDS epidemic in France from 1980 - present through the microcosm of a family, but particularly through their gay son Nicolas, who narrates the story. A rookie black journalist investigates the tensions of the Watts section of Los Angeles in the bloody summer of 1965. In the shadow of the Range Rover murders, drugs, violence and revenge continue to reign in a criminal underworld even darker and deadlier than before as a new generation of Essex Boys begin to carve their bloody mark. Part crime caper gone awry, part survival horror film, this 1970s set thriller depicts a harrowing fight for survival after a pair of wannabe crooks botch a bank heist and flee into the desert, where they inexplicably stumble upon Carnage Park, a remote stretch of wilderness occupied by a psychotic ex-military sniper. This captivating documentary follows tough-as-nails lawyer (and former Mrs. Wisconsin) Kimberley Motley, the only American allowed to practice law in Afghanistan. Motley defends US and European citizens caught in the country's legal and political quagmire, even as she finds herself under threat of assassination. While Motley brazenly chastises Afghani judges on behalf of her clients, she must also balance the needs of her family a world away. Marcus is not having a good day. He never seems to have a good day. He has to smash in his rear window just to get out of his Volkswagen Beetle, having parked it too close between two other cars. He has to do all the dirty work in the office, while his spoiled rich kid colleague cooks the books for profit and shamelessly flirts with all his female co-workers. He's attracted to his next-door neighbor who gets beaten and cheated upon by her boyfriend, but she doesn't want to leave him. And he gets robbed at knife-point right outside his apartment building. Marcus manages to take the knife and chase away his attacker, but not before he gets stabbed in the shoulder. The incident awakens something dark in Marcus. He becomes a man with a mission, determined to set right all the injustice done to him. But ones the blood starts flowing, there's no going back. A crime-drama, about the cultural aversion of a group of punk rockers in a conservative Texas town. Their ongoing battle with a rival, more-affluent clique leads to a controversial hate crime that questions the morality of American justice. "If you don't have your own plan, you'll damn sure be a part of someone else's." That quote kicks off the first of multiple story lines, in the crime ensemble "Bubblegum &amp; Broken Fingers." This character-driven collage of sex, violence and survival is equal parts western, gangster and love stories. We follow the journey of a mysterious silver briefcase and witness the havoc it brings each new owner. Dubbed the "Five Tigers", Malaysian actors Melvin Sia, Henley Hii, Hero Tai, Rayz Lim and Billy Ng portray secondary school students who end up joining gangs for different reasons, including protection from bullies, financial problems, power struggles and various other temptations. Jeckie Farnish is a level-headed young woman, unlike her spoiled younger sister, Rushie. When the sisters become involved with charming businessman Charles Mortimer, the resulting tragedy leads to a lust for revenge on Rushie's part. However, Jeckie knows that she can always turn to reliable Joe Bartle in times of need. Between personal obligations and training for his next big fight against an opponent with ties to his family's past, Adonis Creed is up against the challenge of his life. In a time of corruption, four brothers are deputized to apprehend the man behind all of it. Until everything goes terribly wrong. Uisdean wants forgiveness. After 16 years in prison, released to to the Highlands, he wrestles ambition with caring for his father. When the law catches up, a fraught love story intervenes, pitting euphoric reinvention against inevitability. A timid accountant tries to earn his living as a rather unsuccessful hitman, until one stormy night he pulls a trigger for the first time and becomes a target for the vengeful mafia boss, murderous gangsters, trigger-happy cops and a gorgeous blonde from hell - and if he's not careful his own wife might catch wind of his double life too. When an explosion at a top-secret government lab injures an elderly janitor, no one could have expected the terrifying results. Exposure to mysterious chemicals causes him to undergo a bizarre transformation. He is slowly... incredibly... growing younger every day. Now, a ruthless CIA assassin will stop at nothing to take him prisoner and turn him into a government guinea pig. With his future on the line, the janitor goes on the run with his wife and a feisty female agent. All the while, he continues to transform... into a being with powers that are as deadly as they are unimaginable. A young man gets involved with a street gang. Soon the motorbike that earns the living for his family is stolen. Arjun (Shiv Pandit) come to Mumbai to visit his fiancee Maya. He reaches the City court to meet her and is taken aback when he is not able to find her anywhere. He begins to search for Maya and in an unexpected turn witnesses an unlikely murder. Frantic and exasperated, he is left with no choice but take passerby's as hostages before he is framed as the killer. The cops try to tackle the situation and within no time realize that Arjun is no ordinary hostage-taker and it seems next to impossible to apprehend him. Now, with nothing to lose, Arjun lays down his terms: "I have 7 hostages! And I am giving the Police 7 hours to find out the killer...! I need progress every 60 minutes or one hostage dies every hour!!" The clock ticks and the investigation begins. A lifetime hood has one night to repay a debt to an up and coming shot caller before he can leave town, all the while trying to duck a crooked P.O., a former partner with a grudge and a burned out Narc Cop, as well as do his best to win back the woman he left behind, who has spent her last few years paying a hard price for his mistakes. 'Zinzana' is a psychological thriller set in a prison. Our hero finds himself locked in a cell with no I.D and no memory of what happened the night before. But being unable to make bail is the least of his problems when he's forced to play a madman's twisted game in order to save his family's lives. Horror/Comedy that takes place in a movie theater as patrons watch the trailers of B Movie trailers. A millionaire and his wife are shipwrecked after a yachting accident with their former servant, Manuel. The film is set in Hong Kong before its handover to China in 1997, when the city's booming economy inadvertently attracts three infamous criminals from Mainland China to cross the border and make their fortune in Hong Kong. Although unknown to one another, their notoriety has bred the rumor that the triumvirate will join forces to stage a shocking heist together, so much so that the criminals themselves get wind of it and are tempted to do just that. Two men find themselves chained and trapped inside a room, which is being monitored through a video camera by a mysterious figure who tells that they will have to kill the other if they wish to escape. Newlyweds Claire and Ryan have just moved into a new house. Both are hoping Claire's pregnancy will be the cement needed to hold their already fraying relationship together. Little do they know their marital issues are the least of their problems. For unbeknownst to them, their scruffy, sleazy and lascivious landlord has installed numerous miniature cameras all over their home and has been spying on them from Day One. Then Ryan begins an office affair, and the landlord kits out the secret basement with chains and soundproofing. Something is going to give in this suburban shocker packed with nasty surprises. A spineless photographer is swept up in a game of life or death after stumbling upon the dark deeds of a notorious big shot in this neo-noir thriller. This is a story about a common man who has extraordinary events in his mundane life. The film depicts the protagonist's turns of events in three eras, three seasons, three nights, in the same city, as told with reverse chronology. She was innocent, pure and unsuspecting. Now, Stephanie Milo (Krystal "Pixie" Adams) has been kidnapped and taken to a seedy hotel room by a junkie pimp (Joe Makowski). It is here that she discovers her destiny! Left for dead she must learn to survive the streets or face returning to a lifetime of service industry slavery. "We are still fighting for freedom in this country. You overstand?" How far would you go for your career and do to get the job done? Lady Detective, Simone Williams (played by actress Jacinth Sutphin), a Jamaican immigrant to the US, dreams of working undercover on a high profile case. She finally gets her chance to go undercover to catch a notorious drug dealer, Winston Bailey aka Bucky. She falls victim to his charming personality; compromising her assignment. Lines begin to blur as she gets in deeper. Over time, Williams develops a close bond with Bailey, and their loyalties are put to the ultimate test. This film is about the proliferation of student school shooter and bombers who kill their classmates and teachers in kamikaze attacks. In a spooky small town, when a slew of pizza delivery boys are slain on the job, two daring survivors set out to catch the culprits behind the cryptic crime spree. Dino and Franco, two mechanics in Rome, unrepentant bachelor and friends to the skin, leave for Las Vegas to attend the international gathering of Harley-Davidson, one of the great passions they have in common ... In the California apple country, 900 migratory workers rise 'in dubious battle' against the landowners. The group takes on a life of its own--stronger than its individual members, and more frightening. Led by the doomed Jim Nolan, the strike is founded on his tragic idealism--'courage, never submit, or yield'. Meredith Hendricks happens to be the best cop in her quiet town on Lake Tahoe. When a black-market exotic species dealer named Clint is paroled from prison, something he let loose begins to make its presence known. Swimmers and land-lovers alike begin to become part of the food chain at an unbelievable rate. Meredith and her team discover that they're not just hunting one eating machine, but a whole family of them. Not everyone will make it out alive, but those who do will never forget this summer at Shark Lake. Terrence McDonagh, a New Orleans Police sergeant, who starts out as a good cop, receiving a medal and a promotion to lieutenant for heroism during Hurricane Katrina. During his heroic act, McDonagh injures his back and later becomes addicted to prescription pain medication. McDonagh finds himself involved with a drug dealer who is suspected of murdering a family of African immigrants. "GAME" is about Abhimanyu (JEET), an army man and a secret DIA agent, who returns to Kolkata on vacation. He has a loving family who wish to get him married to Trisha (Subhashree) a girl With the impending ice age almost upon them, a mismatched trio of prehistoric critters - Manny the woolly mammoth, Diego the saber-toothed tiger and Sid the giant sloth - find an orphaned infant and decide to return it to its human parents. Along the way, the unlikely allies become friends but, when enemies attack, their quest takes on far nobler aims. The explosive follow-up to We Still Kill The Old Way (2014). Regarded as the best in the business, The Archer Gang is an aging criminal outfit who carry out a daring robbery, but are caught mid-heist.  They are sentenced to do time in Britain's toughest prison.  Once inside, they encounter their old nemesis Slick Vic Farrow (Billy Murray) who is intent on murdering the gang.  The old-school criminals need to use all their wits to stage a daring escape, while dodging Slick Vic, and setting in motion a chain of events which leads to an explosive prison riot. A tale of two art students who, after a horrific event, are forced to take off across country in a stolen taxi to evade the law. In the suburbs of Rome, two disparate lives with only desire for vengeance and redemption in common find their destinies intertwined. Massimo's mind is plagued with images of his wife's violent death at the hands of a criminal gang involved in the production of snuff films. With every memory of the woman he loved replaced by unforgettable images of her horrific final moments, Massimo sees only one chance to take back his life: find the wealthy individual who commissioned the sickening murder - and make them pay. Barabba, a recently released convict, hopes to keep a promise he made to his father and start a new life with his brother, Spaccio, far from the violent world that they used to inhabit. Discovering that his brother is involved in the snuff gang, Barabba seeks to change things the only way he knows how: through violence and bloodshed. A young gambler makes a large, risky bet on a horse race. When the odds turn in his favour, more than one party has sudden interest in the winning betting slip, and they'll do anything to get their hands on it. A trusted driver must deal with his dead boss's Muslim mistress, her dark past pulling him into a life-and-death showdown with her notorious gangster cousin/ex-husband. Based on an actual incident at the University of Virginia Medical Center, this made-for-TV drama (also known as "Switched At Birth") tells the story of Sarah and Linda, two mothers who give birth on the same day in the same hospital. 18 months after the two women had contentedly gone home with the babies, a DNA test proves the infants were switched at birth by the hospital... John Wick is forced out of retirement by a former associate looking to seize control of a shadowy international assassins' guild. Bound by a blood oath to aid him, Wick travels to Rome and does battle against some of the world's most dangerous killers. Four retired mobsters plan one last crime to save their retirement home. Georgekutty lives a happy life with his wife and daughters. Things take a turn when his daughter gets indecently filmed using a hidden camera, by the son of a police inspector. The Great British Mortgage Swindle stands as a damning indictment of the sheer scale and state-sanctioned brutality of the institutionalised mortgage fraud running rampant on the shores of Britain. A political thriller steeped in illegal oil trading, the Russian Mafia, and governmental cover-ups. In a politically divided America, a man struggles to make it through the Thanksgiving holiday without destroying his family. The insurgence of substance abuse among the young in the Indian state of Punjab through the stories of a rock star, a migrant laborer, a doctor and a policeman. When Kate and Abby are mistaken for famous art thieves, their fun night out quickly goes from good to bad. Dora, a girl who has spent most of her life exploring the jungle with her parents, now must navigate her most dangerous adventure yet: high school. Always the explorer, Dora quickly finds herself leading Boots (her best friend, a monkey), Diego, and a rag tag group of teens on an adventure to save her parents and solve the impossible mystery behind a lost Inca civilization. A group of people stop by a mansion during a storm and discover two magical toy makers, and their haunted collection of dolls. When troubled, cynical teen Rick chooses service at a camp for the blind over serving time at a correctional facility, he thinks he's found the easy way out. Instead, it's the way to a new life. Friendship. Step by step, as Rick helps a blinded Gymnast rediscover the joys of competition through equestrian show jumping, they begin to take control of the most important journey of all... a journey called life. Emerging from twenty years locked away in jail, Johnny must now confront a heartless society to ensure that the son he never knew does not go down the same criminal path that he took in his youth. Cold Moon takes place in tiny Babylon, Fla., where the granddaughter of Clark's character is murdered by a mysterious assailant, her body sunk into the black waters of the Styx River -- the river where her parents disappeared from their boat a decade earlier. Suspicion falls on a duplicitous banker and his wealthy father, played by Stewart and Lloyd. Texas Ranger Samantha Payne reopens a 15-year-old missing person case, and uncovers evidence that suggests that the boy was likely murdered on a ranch belonging to wealthy family man, Scott Briggs. When Scott's estranged son unexpectedly returns home during the investigation, Samantha becomes even more convinced that the Briggs family was involved, and will stop at nothing to discover the truth about the boy's death - even putting her own life in jeopardy. On a quiet suburban street tucked within a 'safe neighborhood', a babysitter must defend a twelve-year-old boy from strangers breaking into the house, only to discover that this is far from a normal home invasion. A revolutionary is sentenced to death for his anti-national activities. And so begins a battle of wits between the prison officer and his comrades, who try to rescues him with the help of the reluctant hangman who has been selected to deliver the punishment. While on a covert mission, two cold blooded mercenaries form an unlikely bond as they race across the desert in the dead of night. When their violent and desperate world implodes, past atrocities come to the surface threatening to tear each of them apart. DRUGLAWED is the explosive documentary exposing how New Zealand has been co-opted by the US into fighting the failed War On Drugs.  Filmed in six countries over four years, this is the documentary that finally clears the smoke around the international prohibition of cannabis.  Over the last 100 years the US government has forced its drug control policies on almost every country on earth. 40 years since Richard Nixon declared the War On Drugs in 1972, 22 million Americans have been arrested for marijuana. Only one country in the world has higher arrest and conviction rates: New Zealand.  DRUGLAWED examines how New Zealand fell in lockstep with US policies, and shows how smaller countries can break out. An enforcer for the mob enacts revenge on those who wronged her. New anti-gay laws have just been approved in Russia. After a competition in St. Petersburg, Italian swimmer Massimo meets a Russian of his own age, Vladimir, working as an interpreter for the delegation of which Massimo is a member. The two men fall in love, but they will have to face the cultural barriers between them, as well as old and new macho stereotypes. Political and social processes in recent and current Turkish political history. Based on a Vertigo Comic Series. Of Dogs and Men explores the lengths people will go to change their station in life, and whether the path to survival is to betray-or to adopt the traits of-the monsters who feed them. Noir thriller about a criminal seeking redemption by tracking down the daughter of the woman he killed. Along the way he is haunted by his guilt in the guise of the woman's ghost. American Matt Quigley answers Australian land baron Elliott Marston's ad for a sharpshooter to kill the dingoes on his property. But when Quigley finds out that Marston's real target is the aborigines, Quigley hits the road. Now, even American expatriate Crazy Cora can't keep Quigley safe in his cat-and-mouse game with the homicidal Marston. Viktor Navorski is a man without a country; his plane took off just as a coup d'etat exploded in his homeland, leaving it in shambles, and now he's stranded at Kennedy Airport, where he's holding a passport that nobody recognizes. While quarantined in the transit lounge until authorities can figure out what to do with him, Viktor simply goes on living - and courts romance with a beautiful flight attendant. Christian Karl Gerhartsreiter lived a life of deception and crime before settling on his ultimate scam - impersonating a Rockefeller. How was Gerhartsreiter able to dupe so many people from so many walks of life? A story that begins in a Bavarian village, continues in the most exclusive clubs on the American East Coast, - and ends in a Los Angeles court. About the extraordinary doctors and activists--including Paul Farmer, Jim Yong Kim, and Ophelia Dahl--whose work 30 years ago to save lives in a rural Haitian village grew into a global battle in the halls of power for the right to health for all. A highly controversial sequel from the creators of the original film which was eventually banned by the Judicial system. Featuring interviews from experts who have researched the multi-billion "child trafficking" industry, parents who have lost their children to the care system, whistle-blowers within the trade and many shocking secret recordings of UK public employees at work. Traffic 2 highlights what the main stream media is not allowed to cover and what the Local Authority do not want you to see. Welcome to the very dark world of "Child Protection."  A group of mercenaries hired as contract killers are hunted down by the Mafia, the Yakuza, the Russian Mob, and the Tongs all at once. Bob the Tomato tells the tale of Nicholas. Sathyasena (Gummadi), the king of Gandhara, suffering from paralytic legs leaves the rule to his vicious brother-in-law Soorasimha (Rajanala), the army commander. Dharma Nayaka (Chittoor V. Nagaiah) is one of the victims of Surasimha's tyranny. Dharma's brother Veera Nayaka (Mikkilineni) as a masked man rebels against Surasimha by leading a group of men. He robs the royal wealth and distributes it to the poor. While he is looting the wealth of princess Mandaramala (Krishnakumari), Dharma's son Narasimha (N. T. Rama Rao) fights with the masked brigand and is surprised to find it is his uncle. He learns from Veera how Soorasimha has ruined their lives. Meanwhile, Surasimha plots to ascend the throne by marrying Mandaramala. In an act of deceit, he eliminates Dharma Nayaka and Veera Nayaka. Narasimha takes the place of Veera Nayaka as the masked rebel, annihilates Soorasimha and ascends the throne after marrying Mandaramala. Wall Writers promises unprecedented access to the early years of American graffiti. Interviews with TAKI 183 and CORNBREAD, along with other legendary artists, illuminated a time when a new form of wall writing emerged from dilapidated city neighborhoods. When Scott and Kate Johansen's daughter gets into the college of her dreams it's cause for celebration. That is, until Scott and Kate learn that the scholarship they were counting on didn't come through, and they're now on the hook for tuition they can't begin to afford. With the help of their friend and neighbor Frank also in need of a major payday they decide to open an illegal casino in his suburban house, risking everything together on a Vegas-style bacchanal where money flows, inhibitions are checked at the door, and all bets are off. Valerie Graves, a misanthropic, disillusioned woman in her mid-twenties, is haunted by sadistic urges that she has struggled to repress since childhood. After losing a major fight, a professional MMA fighter returns home from Vegas, where he reunites with various individuals from his past - including a father/son duo who recruit him to engage in their daring bank heists. Whether you or someone you love is challenged with diabetes, understanding the disease and being motivated to lead a healthy lifestyle is your key to good health and satisfaction. Grindsploitation 4 is going to be nastier than ever, more shocking, more gore, more blood. Killer faux grindhouse film trailers a homage to the video nasty era of films. Joe just told his boyfriend, George, that he is a serial killer. George thinks that his boyfriend, Joe, is hilarious... and he just saw Patricia Arquette at Target!!! In the horror/comedy hybrid, 'You're Killing Me', we take a look at the life and death consequences of dating in the age of incessant chatter. Joe and George meet just as Joe is coming out to himself as someone who loves to kill. George, on the other hand, can't decide which wig to wear for his next YouTube video. As George's friends start disappearing, one by one, he must face the undeniable fact that Gretchen might not be coming back with crushed ice for his party #YouDontNeedIceForChardonnay. Flat 211 is Latest Bollywood Crime Mystery Thriller Film directed By Sunil Sanjan,The star cast of the Film Jayesh Raj, Samonica Shrivastava, Digvijay Singh Documentary - 'Ideas can move mountains, and can bring about whole changes in attitudes, and at the moment it is the ideas of our party and our beliefs which are changing the world'. As Margaret Thatcher knew, her ideas changed how people thought and what they aspired to. Inequality was a necessary engine to progress, greed and envy emotions to be celebrated, capitalism could find its own solution to every problem. Tracing from the convulsions of the 80s through to the 2008 financial crisis and beyond, this film examines the spread of her influence and ideology.  - Foundling Beaky Buzzard is adopted by a couple of polite, English sparrows, named Monte and Gwendlyn. When Monte tries to teach lame-brained Beaky to catch a chicken, Beaky's ineptitude results in Monte being repeatedly struck with a mallet and caught in a grenade explosion. Khali (Richard Cabral) is a murderer and commits his murders in East L.A. His last job is the first time that his actions make him think about what he does for living. A pair of married white-collar swindlers run afoul of their latest victims.  In 2005, 20-year-old Ryan Ferguson was convicted and sentenced to 40 years in prison for a crime he did not commit. dream/killer is the story of how his father Bill embarked on 10-year campaign to prove Ryan's innocence. The film is chock-full of incredible characters. From the questionable District Attorney Kevin Crane, and the highly-confused witness Chuck Erickson, to the high-powered Chicago attorney Kathleen Zellner, the doc depicts both a highly flawed justice system, as well as one that can work brilliantly. For Lieutenant Pete 'Maverick' Mitchell and his friend and co-pilot Nick 'Goose' Bradshaw, being accepted into an elite training school for fighter pilots is a dream come true. But a tragedy, as well as personal demons, will threaten Pete's dreams of becoming an ace pilot. Starring Garrett Schweighauser, Casey Nicholas Price and directed by Matthew Rocca. A vampire posing as a priest creates a cult of blood thirsty humans and is responsible for a number of killings beginning with a massacre at a church. An ailing attorney, a relentless bail bondsman and a ruthless cowboy cross paths in the most dire of circumstances. Mathivanan relocates to Australia as a result of his job transfer. There he meets an Australian girl, Emily played by Melissa and falls in love. Meanwhile, Australia Police are in search of Emily who is claimed to be missing for the past 10 days. Meantime, Police find Emily's dead body that was killed and buried in Vijay's garden and hence he is arrested. Emily's postmortem report says that she was murdered and was buried. Further it shocks the police as they find that Vijay had actually arrived at Australia, just a day before Emily's murder. As a result, Vijay is released by the police. Following which, Vijay is all set himself to find about Emily, that who was she actually, who would have murdered her and what would have been the reason behind it, how is it possible for a deal girl to meet and speak wit him.. Finally, all these investigations result to unfold many interesting and shocking informations. Charlie Croker pulled off the crime of a lifetime. The one thing that he didn't plan on was being double-crossed. Along with a drop-dead gorgeous safecracker, Croker and his team take off to re-steal the loot and end up in a pulse-pounding, pedal-to-the-metal chase that careens up, down, above and below the streets of Los Angeles. Based on true events (mostly), Freddie, a 15-year-old runaway becomes intimately acquainted with California's "Murder City" after being released from jail, just shy of midnight. Absurdly self-reliant, completely broke and 120 miles away from her friends she has nothing to depend on but her wit and youthful charm. Directed by Justin Hunt. The story starts from pile murder, murderer exactly ten years ago, a woman was shot dead by police. A decade ago, it has not found an important clue surfaced, what old things associated with the murder a decade ago after a decade of existence in the end? All this seems to be back to square one again. Liu Ye plays Justin was forced to intervene series of investigations, throws a period spanning 10 years of disputes, he played with Chiu ??? what will happen to the story, the same two men who have lost a loved one, the final showdown, behind, relating to a shocking secret, life and death, love and hate, good and evil, black and white, good and evil, truth and lies a major reversal in Entangled in his Uncle's gambling affairs, Scott and his dim-witted companion, Joel, find themselves desperately strapped up in the company of debt collectors, dog thieves and an unsuspected psychopath. A newsreel spoof with WWII homefront gags, including rationing, air raid drills and women filling in men's jobs. A record label executive has a celebratory night out and meets a beautiful socialite. This night out finds him in the hands of some desperate thugs, out for a ransom in exchange for his freedom. Four brothers and the inevitable clash between their lives in modern day Seoul. From Sweden, a survivor of Iranian state terror follows the Iran Tribunal. He dreams of confronting the perpetrators with their crimes.  Four loser gangsters devise a scheme that is eviously ingenious (or profoundly stupid): to disguise a minibus as a police vehicle to rob cross-border rucks that carry human carcasses with money inside. The ploy kicks into action one evening in the New Territories, and the plot thickens with spooky and deadly encounters, including one with an identical police car - also a fake, but manned by killer gangsters who are after the same dead bodies. A spoiled young rich girl is sent to prison for accidentally running down a pedestrian. There she learns about a life and people she had never even imagined existed before. A drag racer becomes a paraplegic, but he undergoes a religious conversion. The story of a teenager, Richard Wershe Jr., who became an undercover informant for the police during the 1980s and was ultimately arrested for drug-trafficking and sentenced to life in prison. Six young adults in the woods run afoul of a berserker, a viking warrior who dons the fur and snout of a bear, and are slain in turn by him. Sent by her father to live in Paris under her uncle's protection Isaac that she barely knows, and who deals with young drugs addicts like her, Mai, a young Berliner, crosses the paths of people who are not what they claim to be. After breaking the deadlock, she discovers a dark secret whose revelation could have changed the course of her existence. Producer Malek Akkad, producer Paul Freeman, writer Robert Zappia, cinematographer Daryn Okada, editor Patrick Lussier, composer John Ottman, stunt coordinator Donna Keegan, make-up artist Brad Hardin and actors Jamie Lee Curtis, Josh Hartnett, Jodi Lyn O'Keefe, Nancy Stephens, Adam Hann-Byrd, Tom Kane and Chris Durand discuss all things H20 in this sprawling HD retrospective. - blu-ray.com A multiple homicide at a luxury villa in Malibu sends detectives into the world of a bullied young girl and a woman taking up the mantle of revenge. Arthur Harris is a happily married man who returns from his job to discover that his wife, Fiona, is leaving him. Devastated he gets really drunk and tries to commit suicide. After a few setbacks and while he is trying to electrocute himself with a lamp, the door bell rings. An odd man in a leather coat asks if there are any odd jobs that he can perform. Arthur hires the man to kill him. The next day his wife returns, but the man he hired is still trying to kill him... A group of movie people, director, screenwriter, producer, actors and actresses meet for a weekend at a remote house. Proceedings soon begin to resemble a typical slasher film: couples pair off, have sex, and get either murdered or abducted Set in modern day Helsinki, Finland, Virality portrays the lives of several main characters confronted with viral themes. The film links emerging viral aspects in our modern day societies, such as the spreading of news on the internet, with the viral nature of life itself, as in the storyline of a cancer patient being treated with virotherapy.  Being primarily a crime film, the main storyline centers around a bitcoin heist that connects the lives of the main characters. Character storylines involve a young rapper searching for a breakthrough, a policeman who falls for an aspiring musician with a promising international career, a hacker choosing his own path and a cancer patient and a banker who reconcile ten years after the end of their marriage. After a mysterious malfunction sends their small plane climbing out of control, a rookie pilot and her four teenage friends find themselves trapped in a deadly showdown with a supernatural force. Shoot the Messenger  follows one man's painful journey towards self-discovery. On the way he finds both his own attitudes and the expectations of his community challenged. An ex-cop whose marriage is on the rocks hides surveillance cameras in her home and watches her husbands transgressions, becoming a voyeur of her own life. The Sibony family is celebrating Christmas' Eve. This year, Juliette, the eldest daughter, has an announcement to make - an announcement which is supposed to thrill her family. Except for one detail... A dog goes on quest to discover his purpose in life over the course of several lifetimes with multiple owners. The story takes place in the 1960's on the impoverished Cape Flats in South Africa. Four boys form a teenage gang to protect themselves from bullying and rape and almost as soon as their childhood pact is declared do they begin the downward spiral to become hardened gangsters. Some years later the gang leader, Abraham, discovers in jail that he has a gift for telling stories and becomes the prison 'cinema' which earns him respect and status whilst his best friend becomes the concubine of the cell boss. On his release our storyteller begins to write his stories and develops a new lease on life with his childhood sweetheart, Jenny.  Meanwhile his gang buddies rope him into the murder of a taxi driver for which they will all be hung if proven guilty. Trying to find their luck, husband and wife, Lucian and Andra start a new business by managing a guesthouse hidden somewhere deep in the mountains. Treasure is a feature documentary about nineteen year old trans woman Shelly 'Treasure' Hilliard whose murder involved police coercion, Jim Crow drug laws, the criminalization of sex work and transphobia. It is about a young Detroit trans community activated by her death, and her family who are suing for justice. In the aftermath of an unspeakable act of terror, Police Sergeant Tommy Saunders joins courageous survivors, first responders and investigators in a race against the clock to hunt down the Boston Marathon bombers before they strike again. Naomi Watts stars as Susan, a single mother of two, working as a waitress in a small town. Her son, Henry, is an 11-year-old genius who not only manages the family finances but acts as emotional support for his mother and younger brother. When Henry discovers that the girl next door has a terrible secret, he implores Susan to take matters into her own hands in this imaginative and emotional drama. Margaret, a psychiatrist and single mother, grapples with her conscience and dismal circumstances. When she is further catapulted into deeper waters with the arrival of a new patient, Peter, she is forced to revisit her dark past. Struggling with her uncertain future, Margaret and Peter's journeys towards personal liberation from their mundane lives has them treading an unstable and precarious path. 1. 'Driver' Told by an attractive female customer that he'll receive a lot of money if he kills her, chauffeur In-sik decides to take her up on the offer... 2. '11:55 PM' Translator Young-ran, working overtime alone at his publication office, is about to call it a night-but at 11:55 PM, somebody buzzes.... 3. 'atmosFEAR' High-end audio equipment in hand, sound designer Kwanghyun heads to the park at night to record the ambiance. Through his headphones, however, he hears something entirely different. 4. 'The Secret Night' Young female employee Youngmin, given incentive to steal sensitive company information, sneaks into the office at night. Everything goes according to plan-but on her way out, she runs into fellow coworker Hayoon, who won't seem to let her leave. Slowly, their long-suppressed inner feelings start to come out... In the follow up to the box-office hit Nitro (2007), we catch up with Max as he serves time for the role he played in the death of a police officer. When the film begins, Max learns that his 17-year-old son Theo has just been recruited by a criminal organization. Desperate to get him out of this situation, Max escapes from prison. He discovers that Theo and his best friend Charly have fallen under the control of Daphne, an alluring femme fatale, who is taking advantage of the teens' expert computer skills to plan a bold and risky burglary. Quickly understanding he'll be unable to persuade his son to walk away from it all, Max joins the team in order to protect them. His driving skills and his athletic prowess will prove to be invaluable assets in this action-packed sequel. The old Mr. Esbirol, a passionate bookseller of crime fiction, had waited for a long time that the three conditions necessary for committing a perfect crime materialize : murder, preferably by strangulation of an anonymous bystander walking in a deserted street. Cassidy is a struggling actress, grinding out auditions, worrying that any chance at stardom may have already passed her by. Desperate to save money to move to Hollywood, she takes a job working as a runner for her mother's boyfriend. Actor Walter Matthau directed his first and only feature film with the black-and-white crime drama Gangster Story. In an unusual noncomedic role, Matthau plays Jack Martin, a local gangster who wants to run his own crime syndicate in the neighborhood run by Earl Dawson (Bruce McFarlan). They eventually team up and plan a heist. Carol Grace plays the reform-minded girlfriend. A Documentary about the Lanka Comic Con, history of how it started, and its community. Executive George Dupler loses his temper and is demoted to the night manager at a 24 hour drugstore. After he suggests to his teenage son Freddie that he stop having an affair with suburban housewife Cheryl Gibbons, who is a distant cousin, Cheryl tries to seduce George. At home, in front of his mother, Freddie accuses his dad of stealing his girl, because he found Cheryl serving George a meal in the middle of the night, while her husband Bobby was on duty at the fire station. George then separates from his wife Helen, quits his job, moves into a warehouse, and asks Cheryl to move in with him The Real Deal In 2009 three young men were killed in a remote part of Yellowstone National Park. Authorities never found the murderer. He found them! Hours after the trio were gunned down, Dwayne Nelson confessed to the crime. Despite this Nelson was allowed to go free because of an American Constitution loophole. Documentarian Julian T. Pinder travels to Yellowstone in a compelling chase for truth behind a crime that should have rocked the nation. How did a guilty man go free? In his hunt for answers Pinder risks his own life when he finds evidence that could re-open the case years later. A modern day adaptation of the ancient Greek play Lysistrata by Aristophanes, set against the backdrop of gang violence in Chicago. When a bestselling celebrity biographer is no longer able to get published because she has fallen out of step with current tastes, she turns her art form to deception. After the disappearance of her sister, Julia Rose Marks struggles to cope with her grief as she pursues a career as a police officer. Sam, a freelance journalist, decides to investigate the growing phenomenon of disaffected youth joining extremist groups. He infiltrates a group of four young people who have been tasked with the creation of a jihadist cell and whose mission is to destabilise the city centre of Paris. Cristina disappears. Tiago, her boyfriend, says that she was kidnapped, two police officers (Marco and Madalena) investigate the case and try to find the truth. Essex has been the central hub for many famous criminal activities. For generations Essex Boys have ruled the streets of Essex and East London in their underworld empires.  Many people thought this ended in a Range Rover in 1995.  They were wrong...  Danny - an ex hooligan is driven back into a life of crime after his world is turned upside down on the streets of Essex. 'Intelligent Idiots' directed by Balaji stars Vikram Sekhar, Prabhajeet Kaur, Sapthagiri, Durgesh, Benarjee. Shweta Basu will be performing a song Detective Squad Chief Choi is set for a promotion. He has a party with his co-workers to celebrate, but, on the way home, a crime occurs and he accidentally commits murder. Because of his promotion, he decides to cover up the crime.  The next morning, TV news reveals a body is hanging from a crane at a construction site. Choi is shocked because the body hanging is the person he killed last night. He takes charge of the murder investigation. South Bureau Homicide, set in South Los Angeles, explores the unsung bond created by the homicide detectives of LAPD and the local community's anti-violent-crime activists who together investigate and cope with the persistent menace of homicidal violence that plagues a disproportionately small part of LA. An ordinary man's romantic trip to Argentina turns to horror when vicious drug dealers hold his girlfriend hostage and force him to do a job for them. When her son's alleged kidnapper is released for lack of solid evidence, a reputable and well-known attorney takes matters into her own hands with unintended and spectacularly disastrous consequences. Pop superstar Jordan Jaye has a big dream - he just wants to live like a regular teenager. When he's chased down by some excited female fans, he finds a perfect hideout and a reluctant new friend from a small town, high-school art student, Emily Lowe. Despite being from different worlds, they soon discover they have way more in common than they ever imagined. Over the course of several days, the two embark on an unexpected journey of friendship, first love and self-discovery -- proving that maybe opposites really do attract. Clark doesn't care about you. He doesn't care about the world. He barely cares about himself. But after an incident with an old bowl of spaghetti and a malfunctioning microwave, he becomes a superhero that can fight crime with the power of spaghetti. However, you have to pay him. Seventeen-year-old Thomas and his father Niels spend their summer holidays at the Spanish coast. But their father and son time out takes a turn when a boat with African refugees sinks close to their hotel. One of them is 20-year-old Djamile. On a motorbike tour Thomas runs into Djamile and quickly decides to hide her from the Spanish authorities and the smugglers who brought her to Europe. When Niels and Angelica, Thomas' teacher and his father's love affair, learn about Thomas' secret the situation is getting even more explosive. Niels does not support his son's plans at all. Naive but passionate Thomas struggles to find a way to save Djamile. Deeper and deeper, he explores an unknown world of desperation, hope, greed, violence, betrayal, sorrow and... love. Jenny, a young doctor who feels guilty after a young woman she refused to see winds up dead a few days later, decides to find out who the girl was, after the police can't identify the young woman. A newly-released prison gangster is forced by the leaders of his gang to orchestrate a major crime with a brutal rival gang on the streets of Southern California. Province policeman Franz Eberhofer is in a real trouble. Susi,  love of his life has fled to Italy because Franz has crossed the line. And while Grandma and Papa are planning a trip to Italy to liberate Susi from the clutches of her Italian lover, Franz has other problems. His boss has found a bloody pig head in his bed and Franz gets promoted to full time bodyguard.  Three youths camping out in the desert run afoul of a psychotic firebug obsessed with turning women into sacrificial "butterflies." A child abandoned in a subway coin locker is sold to a ruthless and calculating loan shark and gangster boss dubbed "Mother" (Kim Hye-soo), who runs an organ-harvesting ring in Incheon's Chinatown. Named Il-Young (Kim Go-Eun), the baby girl grows into Mother's loyal right-hand enforcer and is groomed to be her eventual successor. But when Il-Young's loyalty to Mother wavers, the clash between the two unleashes a merciless tidal wave of blood-soaked retribution and strife. After a botched heist, Eddie  a murderous crime boss, hunts down the seductive thief Karen who failed him. In order to win back Eddie's trust, Karen recruits her ex-lover and premier thief Jack to steal a cargo of rare precious gems. But when the job goes down, allegiances are betrayed and lines are crossed as Jack, Karen, and Eddie face off in a fateful showdown.  Experience the entirety of Psalms, Proverbs and the Song of Solomon in this program blending the moving narration of Emmy Award winner Stephen Johnston, powerful music and a cast of Tony-winning actors who bring the tales to vivid life. You'll view these three books from the King James version of the Bible in a whole new light as the stories of beauty and wisdom unfold. A man struggles to stay on the straight and narrow after a troubled childhood and a stint in juvenile detention. This film is shot in a continuous 78-minute take. The story takes place in a city ravaged by crisis, poverty and crime. The people who remained belong mostly to the low class, and they're struggling to survive through various criminal activities. One of the last prosperous citizens was murdered, and we're following a large cast of characters in their quest to find his corpse. One of the characters has different plans, but he gets involved in the quest against his will. A gunfighting stranger comes to the small settlement of Lago. After gunning down three gunmen who tried to kill him, the townsfolk decide to hire the Stranger to hold off three outlaws who are on their way. When her husband goes missing at the beach, a female professor begins to mentally disintegrate as her denial of his disappearance becomes delusional. Javid takes the responsibility for the methamphetamine found in his car to save his wife from going to prison. After his release, many people come forward to use him for their own good. A mother obsessed with mind-altering televangelism consequently vomits a pulsating growth that slithers down the throat of her son during the night. Upon spewing the parasite, the son is driven by an uncontrollable force to murder and feed corpses to the now-multiple-toothed monsters manifesting throughout the house. This gory, shot-on-Super-8 regional rarity is a micro-budget salute to H.G. Lewis and H.P. Lovecraft. -- Evan Husney, Drafthouse Films Cowboy is wrongly accused of a bank robbery, or is he? The courts story of what happened is different from his story....Did he or did he not, that is the question. You'll have to figure it out An insane independent film director and his renegade group of teenage film makers kidnap an A-list Hollywood actress and force her to star in their underground film. The film chronicles the rise and fall of the world's most feared drug lord Pablo Escobar and his volatile love affair with Colombia's most famous journalist Virginia Vallejo throughout a reign of terror that tore a country apart. Five Russian citizens are mistaken for suicide bombers at a Kharotabad check post in Quetta. A young man and his fiancee returning from their shopping are surprised to find in their car a little boy who doesn't know his way home. Meanwhile, they get a call from a gangster asking them to bring the boy to him. What's the mystery around the boy?  An American in India befriends two journalists who are fighting for juvenile justice; her trip turns into a spiritual journey  Freshman high-school student Melinda has refused to speak ever since she called the cops on a popular summer party. With her old friends snubbing her for being a rat, and her parents too busy to notice her troubles, she folds into herself, trying to hide her secret: that star senior Andy raped her at the party. But Melinda does manage to find solace in her art class headed by Mr. Freeman. Ren Amari is the driven inventor of a revolutionary new drug. OtherLIfe expands the brain's sense of time and creates virtual reality directly in the user's mind. With OtherLife, mere seconds in real life feel like hours or days of exciting adventures. As Ren and her colleagues race around the clock to launch OtherLife, the government muscles in to use the drugs as a radical solution to prison overcrowding. They will create virtual cells where criminals serve long sentences in just minutes of real time. When Ren resists, she finds herself an unwilling guinea pig trapped in a prison cell in her mind. She must escape before she descends into madness, and then regain control of OtherLife before others suffer the same fate. Equal parts Goodfellas and Dusk till Dawn, Sicilian Vampire tells the story of reputed mobster Sonny Traficante who was hoping to get away to the family hunt lodge for a little rest and relaxation and create some memories. Instead, what he got was a night he will never forget. Once there, Sonny is bitten by a bat released from a container of bananas they brought up to the lodge. The bat takes a vicious bite of Sonny's neck and then flies off into the night. From that moment on Sonny is entrusted with powers beyond that of any mortal - supersonic hearing, enhanced sight, and superhuman strength - even the ability to speak to the dead. Because of these heightened senses Sonny now feels a responsibility to right the wrongs in his life, and protect those he loves. At first, he resists these new found powers but in the end he welcomes his fate. A jury deliberates. Warring teenage street gangs provide the fodder for this martial arts actioner. Things really heat up when each gang finds a martial arts experts to train them out to fight. Two hunky phone repair guys from Flatbush, former Wall Street hotshot Jimmy and his buttoned-up cousin Max, stumble across insider trading tips and start tapping a phone line to get even more. But when stock tips turn to murder plots, the hapless men are unable to go to the police and soon find themselves in over their heads and flat out of luck. An impending wedding and sexual confusion round out the plot in this romantic comedy crime caper. It's 1948 and the Cold War has arrived in Chile. In the Congress, prominent Communist Senator and popular poet Pablo Neruda accuses the government of betraying the Party and is stripped of his parliamentary immunity by President Gonzalez Videla. The Chief of Investigative Police instructs inspector Oscar Peluchonneau to arrest the poet. Neruda tries to escape from the country with his wife, the painter Delia del Carril, but they are forced to go underground. A real estate baron Kehri Singh manages 'Preet Real Estate' which he runs in his daughter's name whom he consider's to be his lucky mascot. A sidelined and insulted Nikki Singh is ignored by his father and is considered to be insolent, useless and unlucky. In order to pay off a huge debt to a local criminal, Nikki sets off a chilling event that forces his father to revisit his dark past and confront a brutal truth. n the late 90's Amsterdam-based writer Gerard F. Zwaen becomes entangled in a plot involving a drugs trafficker, a dodgy tax inspector and an internal affairs agent. Jack Irish is a man getting his life back together again. A former criminal lawyer whose world imploded, he now spends his days as a part-time investigator, debt collector, apprentice cabinet maker, punter and sometime lover - the complete man really. Jack is an expert in finding those who don't want to be found - dead or alive. He helps out his mates while avoiding the past. That is until the past finds him. Amarvedu dynasty was attacked by Britishers at the time of Bobbili war in South India. Before the Britishers are about to attack the dynasty, a couple of friends Daanaala Dharmayya (Gummadi) and Pagadaala Subbayya hides the treasure in a cave of five doors, very far away. For 13 days in 1962, the world was on the brink of nuclear war. Krushchev's decision to place nuclear weapons in Cuba sparked the Cuban Missile Crisis. But what's relatively unknown is that he was responding to an earlier perceived threat from America: the stationing of nuclear weapons in Murge, Italy - within striking distance of the USSR. We reveal how Murge was transformed unwittingly into a theatre of the Cold War. The Wounds We Cannot See tells the gripping story of former US Navy Airman Nancy Ross of Hingham, Massachusetts who was falsely adopted because of a family secret she never knew. Ross was violently raped during her service in 1988 and has since struggled with addiction, mental illness and depression. She continues to battle Post Traumatic Stress Disorder as a direct result of her attack and subsequent abusive relationships. While Nancy has undergone extensive therapy since her honorable discharge from the Navy she still suffers from addiction and mental illness, living in constant fear of the future. The story of the short life, and brutal gang rape and murder in Delhi in December 2012 of an exceptional and inspiring young woman. The rape of the 23 year old medical student by 6 men on a moving bus, and her death, sparked unprecedented protests and riots throughout India and led to the first glimmers of a change of mindset. Interwoven into the story line are the lives, values and mindsets of the rapists whom the film makers have had exclusive and unprecedented access to interview before they hang. The film examines the society and values which spawn such violent acts, and makes an optimistic and impassioned plea for change. Miss Tanakpur is a political satire that unfolds in the backdrop of a Love-story set in a village of Haryana. In the villages of Haryana the Pradhans in general have insurmountable powers. The Pradhan of Tanakpur, Sualal Gandas is no different. Like his contemporaries, Sualal rules his village using powers vested upon him by Khap. Not just the traditional court but when time comes Sualal manages to manipulate and exploit the bigger powers of the state i.e. the Police and the Law of the land. Ms Tanakpur is Sualal's Buffalo. She had won the Beauty pageant for Buffaloes in the Local fair. She had won the trophy because she produced more milk than all other Buffaloes in the contest. Serendipity will strike in this story. Ms Tanakpur thy name is justice. When a systems engineer blows the whistle on a dangerous technology, Charlie's Angels from across the globe are called into action, putting their lives on the line to protect society. Two teenage boys cycle 160 km on stolen bikes pursued by police to find a missing bale of cocaine worth 7 million euro. Set around the real event of Ireland's biggest cocaine seizure in 2007 of 440 million euro. Financial TV host Lee Gates and his producer Patty are put in an extreme situation when an irate investor takes over their studio. Two of the most notorious unsolved cases in the history of American crime - the murders of renowned rap stars Tupac Shakur and Biggie Smalls - have been the subject of exhaustive investigations, relentless speculation, and a web of conspiracy theories and dark secrets. Now, for the first time, the true story behind these sensational cases is laid bare in "Murder Rap: Inside the Biggie and Tupac Murders". Using information sourced from hundreds of police case files, taped confessions never shown before, and interviews with the lead detective and witnesses, this is the riveting account of the task force that finally exposed the shocking truth behind the deaths of these two rap music icons. An American scientist who was convicted of killing and cannibalizing two colleagues in the jungles of Flores, Indonesia in 1977.  Branded "The American Cannibal" by the press during his trial, Dr. Timothy Darrow defended himself by claiming a mythic human-ape creature was responsible for the murders.  The news outlet documented an indigenous tribe on Flores, the very same island where the hobbit remains were discovered, which had its own accounts of little wild men that stood just over three feet tall, climbed trees, walked on two feet and thrived on cannibalism. And according to the local legend, those creatures may never have died out at all.  Follow an expedition team deep into the heart of Flores Island to investigate Dr. Timothy Darrow's claims and find out once and for all if hobbits still exist in the deepest, most remote realms of the Indonesian jungle. When a systems engineer blows the whistle on a dangerous technology, Charlie's Angels from across the globe are called into action, putting their lives on the line to protect society. Adele has been working for more than 3 years on Orbit Defence, a space station in charge of Earth security using drone pilots. Today, is her last routine mission, before she returns home to meet her family, especially her daughter. Without taking Murphy's Law into account. In a ghetto where religion and drug trafficking rub shoulders, Dounia has a lust for power and success. Supported by Maimouna, her best friend, she decides to follow in the footsteps of Rebecca, a respected dealer. But her encounter with Djigui, a young, disturbingly sensual dancer, throws her off course. A series of murders has shaken the community to the point where people believe that only a legendary creature from dark times - the mythical Golem - must be responsible. Ward and Bouchard must face an important car theft ring that turns out to be a lot more than they bargained for: one where the stolen cars will serve as bombs in a well planned terrorist attack. Jordan grows up without knowing that his father was a criminal. Problems start brewing in his life when he has to pay for his father's sins. Two brothers live alone in a shack in the woods, trying to overcome their abusive past. But when a girl is killed nearby, fearing retribution from the townspeople, they cover up her death, kidnap the only witness and embark on a murderous journey. Seventeen-year-old Stella spends most of her time in the hospital as a cystic fibrosis patient. Her life is full of routines, boundaries and self-control -- all of which get put to the test when she meets Will, an impossibly charming teen who has the same illness. There's an instant flirtation, though restrictions dictate that they must maintain a safe distance between them. As their connection intensifies, so does the temptation to throw the rules out the window and embrace that attraction. A C-list celebrity gets kidnapped and held hostage after a night-club appearance. When the police interrogate the man she accuses, they question whether she's after justice or a front-page story. After losing his wife in a theater shooting, Hopper ends up living on the streets of Denver, where he meets a grifter named Ella. Together they fight a corrupt policeman and Hopper's resurfacing demons, as his wife's killer goes to trial. Charlie and his troublesome cousin Paulie decide to steal $150000 in order to back a "sure thing" race horse that Paulie has inside information on. The aftermath of the robbery gets them into serious trouble with the local Mafia boss and the corrupt New York City police department. About a drug peddler Ruksar, a daredevil don who can beat 10 men to pulp. In 1943, while the Allies are bombing Berlin and the Gestapo is purging the capital of Jews, a dangerous love affair blossoms between two women - one a Jewish member of the underground, the other an exemplar of Nazi motherhood. Blake Baker receives a call from a past lover asking him to help find her missing brother. Once he arrives in La Honda, he learns the task is more dangerous than she led him to believe. A modern-day film noir. Soldier Robert Miller returns home from Afghanistan unable to fit back into society. Living on a violent council estate and finding work in undercover surveillance, he becomes obsessed with taking down a group of local gangsters who are intrinsically tied to a suspected terrorist cell. Taking the situation into his own hands, Robert embarks on a brutal quest for justice, with devastating consequences. A reverend sister keeps having a recurring nightmare about someone in her past life but she brushes it off, she gets a visitor and decides to find out the truth but she finds herself in a deep twisted plot. In late 1997, Anu Singh, an attractive law student in Canberra, made plans to kill her boyfriend Joe Cinque after throwing a series of macabre farewell dinner parties. The dinner guests, most of them university students, had heard various rumours about her plan, but nobody warned Joe. Joe's death and the subsequent trial drew the attention of the whole country, as the broader community struggled to come terms with how a life could fall through so many hands. Nate Foster, a young, idealistic FBI agent, goes undercover to take down a radical white supremacy terrorist group. The bright up-and-coming analyst must confront the challenge of sticking to a new identity while maintaining his real principles as he navigates the dangerous underworld of white supremacy. Inspired by real events. After the murder of his beloved wife, a man in search of redemption is set adrift in a world where nothing is as it seems. On his journey, he befriends slacker Jimmy "The Finn", becomes involved in rescuing his neighbor Colette from her own demons, and gets entangled in a web of deceit full of unexpected twists and turns. Treurgrond tells the painful story of a farming community in South Africa trying to survive the numerous farm attacks confronting farmers almost every day. These gruesome acts affect not just those closely related to the victims, but set in motion a chain of events. Amidst the pressure and anxiety increased by the growing number of farm murders, Lukas Van Staden tries to protect his family, his friends and his farm. When a short-tempered mobster and his gang of thugs try to shake down a neighborhood bar, they're soon confronted with the wrath of its owner - a mysterious southern mother with a dangerous past. Alain, a successful Parisian publisher struggling to adapt to the digital revolution, has major doubts about the new manuscript of Leonard, one of his long-time authors - another work of auto-fiction recycling his love affair with a minor celebrity. Selena, Alain's wife, a famous stage actress, is of the opposite opinion. Busan in 1978. Gil-young, a veteran detective got the special request from the parents of a missing child, Eun-joo to investigate her case. As the clever kidnapper eludes the police, the case becomes more and more of a mystery. When Joong-san, the fortune-teller foretells Eun-joo's whereabouts, people get to listen to what he says as the situation goes more despair with no remark on Eun-joo. He also tells that Gil-young is the only one who can save her. With no one to trust, Gil-yong and Joong-san come closing in around the kidnapper using any means possible. This movie is the record of 33 days of two men going through hell to find a missing girl and bring her back home alive. Prince Charles' accession to the throne following the Queen's death. When he refuses to sign a controversial bill into law, political chaos ensues: a constitutional crisis, rioting on the streets and a tank in front of Buckingham Palace. Four grandmothers accidentally kill a conman and, to cover it up, they get rid of the body. When the conman's partner shows up, things go south. A newly single New Yorker must re-locate to Florida for her dream job. She drives south with her widowed dad, her mom's ashes in a coffee can, and a GPS with a mind of its own. The Nice House tells Rosie's story: how the man she met and fell in love with would one day murder their only son. Matt, a smart student, has to prove his innocence after being forced to take part in a bold heist at a famous London auction house. The consequences take him on a journey across London to escape the twisted web he finds himself caught in, discover the truth and gain his retribution. How will the audience decide to act when everything is turning against him? Five best friends from college reunite 10 years later for a wild bachelorette weekend in Miami. Their hard partying takes a hilariously dark turn when they accidentally kill a male stripper. Amidst the craziness of trying to cover it up, they're ultimately brought closer together when it matters most. A look at the case of convicted murderer Jon Buice that calls into question the practices of the Texas justice system and the influence of media in criminal cases. A young gymnast battles a group of bank robbers at the home of her boyfriend. After serving an extended prison sentence for the killing of a man he was hired to investigate, an ex-private eye approaches the completion of his memoirs to set the record straight, when one night enveloped photographs with connections to the past anonymously begin to show up at his front door, along with a mysterious man who is receiving pictures of his own. A cop is found dead in a hotel, brutally murdered, a spider cut into his stomach. The police believes his death might be connected to the fact that he was a dirty cop - the internal affairs commission already was after him - but then several other people are murdered in the very same way, and there seems to be no connection between the cases. The police seeks for a blonde woman among the prostitutes. A writer stumbles upon a long-hidden secret when he agrees to help former British Prime Minister Adam Lang complete his memoirs on a remote island after the politician's assistant drowns in a mysterious accident. Mr. Wu, a Hong Kong movie star, is kidnapped in Beijing by Zhang Hua's gang. The police quickly form a task force and begin the search, ignoring that detectives in charge have only twenty hours before the deadline. (A story based on the famous kidnapping case of television actor Wu Rufou that took place in 2004.) After his best friend Mikey goes missing, Karl goes on a search mission to find him in the supposed woodlands he was last seen in. During his search, things take an unexpected turn and Karl finds himself up against not only mother natures fury but a hidden secret that the woods harvest. In the kingdom of Letonia, the young prince Egon spends his nights playing the drums. During the day, he only has one thing on his mind: finding Sleeping Beauty in the kingdom of Kentz and breaking the spell over her. But his father, the king, doesn't believe in fairy tales, and is completely opposed to Egon's dream. It's Maggie Jerkins, an archeologist from Unesco, who will provide Egon with the opportunity to follow his heart. When Addison investigates the murder of his friend Kevin with the help of Phoebe, they discover that the truth is darker than they had ever imagined. Zhang Jian-He, a reserved and rather introverted cartoonist, is dating a beautiful and conservative girlfriend, YaShi. One day, in an unfortunate dispute with his best buddy Chen-Jun, is accidentally killed by Zhang Jian-He.  To cover up his dead, Jian-He cleaned the bloodstains and any entailing evidence of the crime scene, and found a unique and creative way to dispose of Chen-Jun's body. Soon Jian-He discovered a shocking truth: Chen-Jun was sleeping with YaShi all the time. Zhang Jian-He felt the utmost pain for being cheated by his best friend, and the girl he love is just a slut.  The story soon brought out traces of a serial killer Jia-Ming, who murdered his own father when he was a minor. Disguished as a policeman, Jia-Ming return to his killing spree soon after his released from the prison, and through an online instant messenger, Jia-Ming get to know Zhang Jian-He... Everyone has secrets they keep hidden, even from their loved ones. When Ouquan's wife gives birth to a child, Ouquan is certain the child is not his and suspects his wife of an affair. He discovers the other man is an unjustly imprisoned criminal, who is on the prowl for revenge and will stop at nothing to re-gain what he's lost. After losing his mother and best friend unexpectedly a husband and father of eight starts to lose touch with reality then, all hell breaks loose. Haunted by memories as a child soldier in 1980s Iran, Behrouz finds himself in bustling, neon-soaked Los Angeles, working to become a real estate agent and live a simple life with his girlfriend Oksana. But Behrouz's attempts at a normal life become increasingly difficult as his opium addiction and gambling habit rear their ugly heads, and he struggles to leave behind his past with the Iranian mafia. Soon Behrouz and Oksana find themselves caught between the feuding heads of the Iranian and Russian mobs. A trio of accidental outlaws travel the length of New Zealand, protesting conformity and chasing lost love, with a posse of cops and a media frenzy in pursuit. When a hapless, unfunny, wanna-be comedian picks up a mysterious hitchhiker on his way to Vegas to audition for the Monte Guy show, he unwittingly becomes trapped in a desert-town killing spree that also has a very unexpected consequence - it improves his comedy. 5 professionals rob a Horce Racetrack and a Casino Complex but when one of them makes too many mistakes, the police starts a deadliest manhunt to recover the money.  A shocking video of a double murder in Russia appeared on YouTube in 2007. The police investigation reached a dead end; two years later, director Vladi Antonevicz and his friend Dima "Shurabi" set off on a daring investigation of their own. Snooping around the darkest crevices of Russia's neo-Nazi underground, they are determined to find the killers.  Three buddies meet a pair of girls on the Internet and soon find themselves the wrong men accused in a vigilante sting-operation. The untold story of the first women in U.S. history to be sent into direct ground combat. On her 60th birthday, the proud owner of a Los Angeles strip club, finds herself in hot water over a twenty-five year old debt to the mob, leading her on a downward spiral of violence and revenge through the underbelly of Los Angeles. The state of Michigan, with its unique shape, looks like a mitten. Part of Lake Huron surrounds what is referred to as the thumb area. Because of treacherous rocky reefs, the coastline along Michigan's thumb area has claimed many ships sailing in these waters.  Throughout recent times, man has installed navigational aids to help prevent maritime disasters. After a botched bank robbery lands his younger brother in prison, Connie Nikas embarks on a twisted odyssey through New York City's underworld to get his brother Nick out of jail.  As Batman hunts for the escaped Joker, the Clown Prince of Crime attacks the Gordon family to prove a diabolical point mirroring his own fall into madness. The Russian Civil War is over and the White Guard are all dead or abroad. Some of the exiled nobles are attempting to crown a new Tsar/Emperor abroad, and a couple of impostors are vying for the position. At the same time, some of the Elusive Avengers' old foes are trying to return to Russia, for mysterious reasons. The avengers are assigned the task of finding out what's going on. Turns out the bad guys are after the Russian Crown, which is encrusted with many diamonds and jewels. It is not clear whether the crown is only wanted for the coronation ceremony or if the bad guys are trying to sell it to the highest bidder, but either way they must be stopped. The avengers are after them. Two go to Paris to infiltrate the emigrant community, and the other two work on the Russian soil. Max, a struggling actor living in South Africa, has flown into Sydney, Australia for the audition of his life. As soon as he lands things start to go horribly wrong when his girlfriend Sallie disappears. Frustrated with the police's lack of progress in finding her, Max embarks on a desperate search for Sallie with the help of childhood friend Richard. The pair's search pushes them to both external and internal extremities in their desperate plight to find Sallie. An unemployed introvert, unable to read or write, draws on brilliant ingenuity when the woman he secretly loves is threatened. A young businessman wakes up in a hotel room, locked from the inside, along with his lover, who was murdered while he was unconscious. He hires a prestigious lawyer, and over the course of one evening, they must work together to build a defense case for him before he is taken to jail. All-stars from the previous Step Up installments come together in glittering Las Vegas, battling for a victory that could define their dreams and their careers. A dramatic thriller that tells the engaging and touching stories of immigrants and natives during the time leading up to the independence of Singapore. The protagonists were a part of history in the making; they become the pioneer generation who live to see beyond the prejudice and fear of racial hatred and ultimately face the challenge of nation building - a mirror reflecting the fragility of racial harmony in our world today. A desperate young woman, on the run from the law, takes a job at a remote desert motel. She quickly discovers the motel's patrons are rendezvousing after a large robbery. With nothing to lose, and all to gain, she hatches a plan to steal their loot. In the wake of his dramatic escape from captivity, Jesse Pinkman must come to terms with his past in order to forge some kind of future. In the near future where humanoid robots are common in society, the mob reprograms a female android to think and feel in order to use it as a contract killer. This has dangerous consequences as she develops a relationship with her creator while also slowly becoming a murderous psychopath. A young nurse downloads an app that tells her she only has three days to live. With time ticking away and a mysterious figure haunting her, she must find a way to save her life before time runs out. What happens when a small town detective, Rachel Willow discovers what it is happening in her city. It's an intimate story that exposes that sex trafficking isn't just an international problem, or a city problem. It can happen anywhere. "In an asylum, patients were subjected to watching horror films for psychiatric study... but they all went mad and now those films have been unearthed!" claims the product description. In reality, the "story" is told with silly title cards over random abandoned asylum shots while long scenes from eleven different 70s and 80s horror films are edited in. This adventurous story of a boy named Uri and an old man takes place in the cosmic Milky Way where the starfish live. This is the tale of their fantasy journey in search of the mysterious monster fish. A white school teacher takes over a talented, but undisciplined black high school basketball team and turns them into a winning team. Connor Ryan, out of a job and dumped by his girlfriend, returns to Atlantic City to try to rebuild his life with the last source of income that he has -- a few apartments in a low-rise condo complex that sits in the shadows of AC's newest and most expensive casino. Unfortunately, Connor's tenants don't want to pay him. In order to get his money, Connor has to take on a pair of Chechen animal trainers with underworld ties, a rap star who parties so hard the neighbors can't sleep, and a struggling single mother who steals his heart... The all new unrated, unapologetic and uncensored Crusty Demons film! Get an all access pass to never before seen crashes, parties and jumps. Brand new footage & interviews from legendary riders Travis Pastrana, Robbie Maddison, Larry Linkogle, Seth Enslow and more. A heinous crime unleashes a media firestorm trial that lands Scott Peterson on death row for the murder of his wife and unborn child. Ten years later it is clear that not everything in this case is what it seems, raising the question: was justice truly served? Using evidence and new information that was never presented to Peterson's jury at the time, This film re-examines the facts of the case and the affect the intense media attention had on justice. The last two decades have seen a striking decline in the quality of sound and listening experience. Compressed music, MP3s and streaming, have diminished the quality and flattened the emotion. Marketing gimmicks and convenience now take the place of excellence. The Distortion of Sound is an eye-opening expose of the current state of sound starring Linkin Park, Slash, Quincy Jones and more. This documentary will open your ears and inspire you to reach for richer, more soul-stirring musical experiences. Clarisse meets Marc, a young surgeon. She spends the night with him in his mansion. In the morning, she realizes that she has been fooled. She's now held against her will. Marc forces her to play the part of his deceased wife. After an operation, he gives her a new face. Clarisse becomes Helene. But can we erase an identity so easily? Due to a violent misunderstanding a young member of a criminal syndicate is torn away from familiar grounds of urban underworld and thrown into unwelcoming wilderness of Siberian taiga. Vast and virtually uninhabited, it provides little distinction between past and present, reality and myth. He must face the ghosts of the past and shadows of the present, and rediscover himself and his destiny, however shattering and unwanted it may be. A woman wants nothing more than to be loved and adored in a world of art A master strategist is appointed following Veerappan's unabashed spate of crimes and murders. The official puts in place Operation Cocoon, which involves setting up a network of spies and informers. Jesse has to get out of Las Vegas quickly, and steals a car to drive to L.A. On the way he shoots a police man. When he makes it to L.A. he stays with Monica, a girl he has only known for a few days. As the film progresses, the police get closer to him, and the crimes escalate. In order to receive $3 million, a man must avenge his father's death. Two lads receive a simple job with a big payout. All is not as it seems and if they break The Three Don'ts, they could be in for a world of hurt. 6 strangers are kidnapped and through governmental technology have proof they have all killed before and are told 5 will die this night, one may walk, and the six have 2 hours to decide who gets to live. The most prominent heads of state in the world begin gathering for a conference that could have a major impact on global politics. When MI-7 receives word that the Chinese premier has become the target of some high-powered killers, it falls on Johnny English to save the day. Armed with the latest high-tech weaponry and gadgets that would make even James Bond jealous, the once-disgraced agent uncovers evidence of a massive conspiracy involving some of the world's most powerful organisations, and vows to redeem his tarnished reputation by stopping the killers before they can strike. Acharam is a tamil movie.Ganesh and Rekha are doing the lead roles in this movie. Accusations of guilt turns a father into a fugitive, leaving his son to find and bring him home after struggling to put the pieces together. Sarah was living the perfect life with her husband, Jason and their son Brandon until... Jason simply disappears! Days of searching turn into weeks of agony for Sarah and her son Brandon. To make matters worse, Sarah's son suffers from a rare genetic disease and only Jason's DNA can save him. When Sarah finally tracks down Jason, he sets out to make sure Sarah doesn't ruin his secret life and expose his dangerous past. GOLDSTONE, the award-winning new feature from Australian auteur Ivan Sen (Mystery Road), is a complex and stylish crime thriller that explores themes of racism, human trafficking, police corruption, corporate malfeasance, and the trampling of indigenous people's rights.  On the trail of a missing person, troubled indigenous detective Jay Swan (Aaron Pedersen, Mystery Road) finds himself in the small mining town of Goldstone, where he is arrested for drunk driving by local cop Josh (Alex Russell, CBS's "S.W.A.T."). When Jay's motel room is blasted with gun fire, it becomes clear that something larger is at play. While struggling to overcome their mutual distrust, Jay and Josh uncover a web of crime and corruption, which leads directly to the town's cold-blooded Mayor (two-time Oscar nominee Jacki Weaver, Silver Linings Playbook) and its smarmy gold mine director (David Wenham, Lord of the Rings). After a group of biologists discovers a huge network of unexplored caves in Romania and, believing it to be an undisturbed eco-system that has produced a new species, they hire the best American team of underwater cave explorers in the world. While exploring deeper into the underwater caves, a rockslide blocks their exit, and they soon discover a larger carnivorous creature has added them to its food chain. Join uptight David Starsky and laid-back Ken "Hutch" Hutchinson as they're paired for the first time as undercover cops. The new partners must overcome their differences to solve an important case with help from street informant Huggy Bear and persuasive criminal Reese Feldman. The friends and amateur detectives Rico and Oskar experiencing their last adventure together. Here everything is really only one well, because now they live next door to. Ricos mother Tanya and Buhl are together, Oskar is with his father Lars pulled to Rico into the house. But dies as the grumpy Fitzke, the trouble begins. The stone Breeder inherited Rico his beloved stone-collection over which the boy also very pleased - but then he and his buddy note that Rico's favorite stone calf stone was stolen. The task now is to make the thieves apprehended. And because there are on the way to the Baltic Sea, Rico and Oskar must as soon as possible afterwards. Glad Tanja is flown by Buhl in the "snogging holiday" ... A group of 5 people find themselves trapped in an elevator in the World Trade Center's North Tower on 9/11. They work together, never giving up hope, to try to escape before the unthinkable happens. On an election holiday, five friends get together for a booze party. Their only intention is fun and refreshment. As the time passes they start to open up the hidden wildness of their real nature. Tired and bored in arguments they plan to play a game. A game they used to play in their childhood. Four high school friends plan to ride out their senior year taking easy classes, including a program for housing foreign exchange students and eventually all attending Ohio State. Hurdles befall each of the four: grades, higher aspirations, love. Is it the Foreign Exchange students that learn from their host or the hosts that do more of the learning? Johnny, the loyal number two of a powerful sociopathic crime boss, leads other members of a small town mob scrambling to keep their business alive while trying to find the leak to the police. This impressive doco disperses the fog of shame and sensationalism to shed light on the tragedy that made international headlines in 2007 when a young Wainuiomata woman died during a makutu lifting. A hardened cop deals with three conflicting perspectives involving a brutal double murder. The case is complicated as the prime suspects are the parents who supposedly killed their teenage daughter. Two wrestlers decide to go to a hotel in order to meet two prostitutes. Malian-French director Daouda Coulibaly's auspicious debut is a pulse-pounding political thriller. Wulu tells the unsettling tale of a man's rise from the bottom rung of the social ladder to the heights of criminal power. Four best friends, about to graduate from high school, must find a way to raise money to help a family member in need. When one of them discovers her banker father having an affair, the foursome plots to rob his bank during graduation ceremonies. When things don't go according to plan, they end up learning more about themselves in one day than they ever did in school. EKAJ is a love story between two drifters, a naive teenager and a hustler. Ekaj meets Mecca who takes him under  his care. Mecca has AIDS and multiple problems of his own. He is high all day but still manages to be the only voice  of reason in Ekaj's hopeless world. They cruise the city together looking for money and places to stay. Although Ekaj  makes some money as a prostitute, he finds himself discarded, and lacking what it takes to survive in the city.  Their mutual loneliness leads to genuine friendship. Drinking the tasty Folk Soda puts a spring in the 101 Year Old Man's step and his next adventure takes him around the World and back to Sweden, during which time he is chased by the CIA, a Balinese debt collector and becomes an executive at a soft drink company. Terry is a small-time car dealer trying to leave his shady past behind and start a family. Martine is a beautiful model from Terry's old neighbourhood who knows that Terry is no angel. When Martine proposes a foolproof plan to rob a bank, Terry recognises the danger but realises this may be the opportunity of a lifetime. As the resourceful band of thieves burrows its way into a safe-deposit vault at a Lloyds Bank, they quickly realise that, besides millions in riches, the boxes also contain secrets that implicate everyone from London's most notorious underworld gangsters to powerful government figures, and even the Royal Family. Although the heist makes headlines throughout Britain for several days, a government gag order eventually brings all reporting of the case to an immediate halt. Three very different people from three very different worlds collide one winter afternoon in an anarchic Kolkata. Madrid, summer 2011. Economic crisis. 15-M movement and 1.5 million pilgrims waiting for the Pope's arrival live side by side in a Madrid that's hotter and more chaotic than ever. In this context, detectives Velarde and Alfaro must find what seems to be a serial killer. Their against-the-clock hunt will make them realise something they'd never imagined: neither of them are so very different from the killer. The killing of a fiery young teacher sets Detective Mario Conde on the trail of a drug kingpin with ties to the high school he once attended. A vigilante hijacks a police car and prowls the streets of Los Angeles disguised as a cop, serving his own brand of street justice. An ordinary man plays matchmaker to his friend only to realize the girl being pursued is being stalked. An elite team of DEA agents are assigned to protect a dangerous drug lord and take refuge in a luxury hotel while they await extraction. They soon find themselves at the center of an ambush as the drug lord's former associates launch an explosive assault on the hotel.  Tom, an over-worked husband and father, abandons his dead-end job to follow his dream of owning his own business. The only problem: he invested everything in a mechanic shop that has a lien in favor of his arch enemy and must now enter a dirt track race to win the prize money and save his family from ruin. Adding insult to injury Kari the babysitter thinks she's in for a night of routine babysitting. She's prepared to provide neurological stimulation with some soothing musical accompaniment for little Jack-Jack, the smallest member of the incredible Parr family. Little does she know that Jack-Jack will teach her a thing or two about babies with "special needs." Mexico, 1985. Juan and Wilson, two perennial Veterinary students, perpetrate an audacious heist in the National Museum of Anthropology, running away with a loot of more than hundred invaluable pieces of Mayan art, unaware of the consequences of their outrageous act. Wanting to follow the current trend, Francesca, a young teacher from Bucharest, is eager to emigrate to Italy. Unfortunately,whilst desperately seeking support from those nearest and dearest to her, various untold truths unravel.  The disappearance of a girl in a exclusive private neighborhood unearths the secrets of three families.  In this story inspired by real characters, three girls from America, Nigeria and India are trafficked through an elaborate global network and enslaved in a Texas brothel, and must together attempt a daring escape to reclaim their freedom. Secrets test a friendship in this crime drama. A lawyer at a top firm accidentally kills her gardener. Fearing for her career, she asks her best friend to help her get rid of the body. An improv group deals with several crises, including the loss of their lease and one member hitting the big time. Oregon, 1851. Hermann Kermit Warm, a chemist and aspiring gold prospector, keeps a profitable secret that the Commodore wants to know, so he sends the Sisters brothers, two notorious assassins, to capture him on his way to California. The quiet family life of Nels Coxman, a snowplow driver, is upended after his son's murder. Nels begins a vengeful hunt for Viking, the drug lord he holds responsible for the killing, eliminating Viking's associates one by one. As Nels draws closer to Viking, his actions bring even more unexpected and violent consequences, as he proves that revenge is all in the execution. A dark comedy about brothers running a drug-dealing business out of their takeout pizzeria. After their airplane crashes behind enemy lines, four soldiers must survive and try to find a way back to their battalion. However, when they come across a local peasant girl the horrors of war quickly become apparent. Movie is about a retired master thief Keluvashan and his dearest disciple Kallan Benny. Once a young man came to see Keluvashan and expressed his wish to study the tricks and secrets of theft. Contains three stories. In "Car Trouble," two hapless motorists who go to the wrong house for help and end up the prisoners of a psychotic killer! In "Secret Agent Murders," two agents learn a deadly secret about their boss and are targeted for murder. In "George's Daydreams," George plans to murder three women after they humiliate him at a bar. When his client suddenly confesses to murder in open court, a hotshot attorney embarks on a search for truth to redeem his ruined reputation. Chicano gangster Micky Solis finds that his family has been slaughtered by the Chinese mob. His whole life force turns to finding the killers. A slick lawyer (Angus MacFadyen) leads Micky to a "nun" (Paz De La Huerta) who shows him who the killers are that took his family from him. Micky unleashes a war of bullets and emotions on the family until each one dies by the same sword they wielded. The only thought on Micky's mind is REVENGE: VENGANZA. Inspired by one of the longest and bloodiest real-life events in police history, Officer Mike Chandler and a young civilian passenger find themselves under-prepared and outgunned when fate puts them squarely in the crosshairs of a daring bank heist in progress by a fearless team of highly-trained and heavily-armed men. James, down on his luck and desperate for some quick cash, agrees to drive a small truck across country. He soon realizes that he's made a huge mistake and has inadvertently become involved in a dangerous human trafficking ring. The unlikely hero risks it all to shut down the trafficking ring and save the woman he is falling in love with. The film features SP Abha Mathur who is appointed the first female SP of Bankipur district, Bihar. She then goes against the Local MLA of Bankipur and henchmen of Lakhisarai district. A collection of the best of music videos by Nick Cave &amp; the Bad Seeds from 1984 to 1997, all with a "making of" commentary. Each of them excellent, despite the band's obvious dislike of making videos, welcoming every chance to get out of it.  Tracklist:  1. Stagger Lee  2. Where The Wild Roses Grow  3. Into My Arms  4. (Are You) The One That I've Been Waiting For?  5. Henry Lee  6. Red Right Hand  7. Loverman  8. Do You Love Me?  9. Deanna  10. The Ship Song  11. Tupelo  12. In The Ghetto  13. Jack The Ripper  14. What A Wonderful World  15. Straight To You  16. The Mercy Seat  17. The Weeping Song  18. The Singer  19. I Had A Dream, Joe  20. Wanted Man A brother's journey to unravel the truth about the mythic death and little known life of Kitty Genovese, who was reportedly murdered in front of 38 witnesses and has become the face of urban apathy. After standing in as best man for his longtime friend Carl Petersen, Randy Dupree loses his job, becomes a barfly and attaches himself to the newlywed couple almost permanently -- as their houseguest. But the longer Dupree camps out on their couch, the closer he gets to Carl's bride, Molly, leaving the frustrated groom wondering when his pal will be moving out. An original, spectacular journey through the most sensational exploits of the local underworld. Thirty years of violent stories sanctioned by news and films. A gallery of faces, testimonies and period footage. A many-voiced portrayal following the trail of the main exponents of Italian crime that becomes a tumultuous tale of the social transformations running throughout the history of our country. An idealistic cop and an ambitious scientist-businessman indulge in a high-stake battle of wits. During a drug raid, a narcotics officer confronts a strange Voodoo priest named Dr. Death, who is chanting. The officer and the priest shoot it out and they both wind up dead. Later, the two rise from their graves and return to the land of the living as zombies. Dr. Death is resurrected with a new mission in mind, to take over the world. The "zombie" cop enlists the aid of his old police buddies to stop the mad priest. Pulan Visaranai (English: Investigation) is a 1990 Tamil language film directed by R. K. Selvamani. The film features Vijayakanth in lead role. The film, produced by R.Sundar Raj and S.Raveendran,was a blockbuster and was remade in Hindi as Ravan Raaj: A True Story. The character of the antagonist Dharma (played by Anandaraj) is loosely based on the serial killer Auto Shankar.Telugu dubbed version "Police Adhikari" was also successful. Dharma (Anandaraj) is an auto driver who kidnaps young women and is on the payroll of a powerful politician R.R (Radha Ravi). "Honest" Raj (Vijayakanth), a DCP investigating the murder of an MLA, zeroes in on R.R but is suspended by his higher-ups due to political pressure.  Few years later, he is brought back when Governor's rule is established and given charge of the investigation into the disappearance of a man whose sister had earlier disappeared. His investigation leads him to Dharma and R.R and then to a private hospital in Bombay. Abel is preparing for a special gift to himself on his 50th Birthday. He wants to find himself a new face, that of a beautiful young woman. Ella Nesser is the attractive, but inexperienced murder detective, in charge of the case to track down the serial killer who has been praying on the city's young woman. When Abel develops an obsession with not only her face, but also her tattooed skin - the Hunter becomes the Hunted. Photographer Phil Toledano has become obsessed with his future. Using DNA tests, fortune tellers, and a prosthetic makeup artist, he begins photographing the many dark possibilities that might await him -- despite his wife's pleas to abandon the project. Over three years, Toledano's obsession alters him and his family forever. When the crew of an American tugboat boards an abandoned Russian research vessel, the alien life form aboard regards them as a virus which must be destroyed. Four men, no strangers to unlawful transgressions, execute a daring football stadium robbery, but the volatile dynamic soon turns sour when the leader of the group becomes paranoid and begins to self destruct. Years later, after a stint in prison, the villainous leader is unrelenting in his path to retribution, he wants his years back and will take them from all of the men who know the true reasons for his prolonged captivity. A man goes back to his hometown that is now overrun with crime and single-handedly takes justice into his own hands.  A thief expert with blowtorch is hired by a group of the Russian mob for a bank assault. A mentally-disturbed aspiring actor returning to New York City discovers the world of social media and faces the horrifying power of the Internet. An unprecedented access to a number of Saudi women in the capital city of Riyadh as they embrace the freedom that comes from being behind the wheel.The Saudi Women's Driving School is said to be the world's largest driving school, which caters exclusively to women since the ban on female drivers was lifted in 2017. Two con artists go after the wrong score and pay the price for getting caught. Best hood movie from Chicago Two "down on their luck" buddies are convinced by a third to take a vacation. Only after landing in the third world country do they realize that they are there to attempt to capture the United States' most wanted criminal - with no military training. When novelist Andrea Dewenter dies in a car accident, the lives of her husband Christian, grown-up son Lars, and adolescent daughter Elaine go off the rails. For all three, the few days between Andrea's sudden death and her funeral turn into an emotional roller coaster that eventually shows them the virtue of being a family. Sofia leaves the city to a provincial town. There she meets Nico and the inhabitants of Casa Caracol, an alternative hostel in the middle of the jungle. Nodding party nights and brotherhood, Sofia falls in love with Nico and joins the "magical" village life. A British spy ship has sunk and on board was a hi-tech encryption device. James Bond is sent to find the device that holds British launching instructions before the enemy Soviets get to it first. When the body of a drifter is discovered the same day a photographer arrives in a small farming community, the local sheriff is left to piece together a string of events that don't quite add up. An aging hippie sets out on a trip across America to find his family. After seven months have passed without a culprit in her daughter's murder case, Mildred Hayes makes a bold move, painting three signs leading into her town with a controversial message directed at Bill Willoughby, the town's revered chief of police. When his second-in-command Officer Jason Dixon, an immature mother's boy with a penchant for violence, gets involved, the battle between Mildred and Ebbing's law enforcement is only exacerbated. A reverse chronology film about a serial killing taxi driver in Mumbai A comic book storekeeper, Dae-man, and the legendary homicide detective, Tae-su, who met on previous case quit their jobs to open a private detective agency. During the last few days of the Warsaw Uprising following World War II, a modest group of Resistance members remains. The band must take refuge in the sewers under the orders of leader Zadra, but it's only a matter of time before they will have to emerge. However, when they try, they are met only with intense hostility from the Nazis. Despite their attempts stay resolute through immense mental strain, it becomes increasingly apparent that they may be doomed. Comedy about a womanizing journalist on a Sydney newspaper who confronts job problems and impotence in the context of Australian media and politics of the 1970's. A somewhat lesser Australian film comparable to the American film Shampoo. Ace assassin Frank Kitchen is double crossed by gangsters and falls into the hands of rogue surgeon known as The Doctor who turns him into a woman. The hitman, now a hitwoman, sets out for revenge, aided by a nurse named Johnnie who also has secrets. The Universal Soldiers are used to smuggle diamonds for a CIA Director, but Luc Deveroux continues to cause him problems. A post-apocalyptic tale, in which a lone man fights his way across America in order to protect a sacred book that holds the secrets to saving humankind. Koreyoshi Kurahara adapted a novel by Yukio Mishima for Thirst for Love (Ai no kawaki), a tense psychological drama about a young woman who is widowed after marrying into a wealthy family, and becomes sexually involved with her father-in-law, while harboring a destructive obsession with the family gardener. Kurahara's atmospheric style is a perfect match for Mishima's brooding sensuality. A woman awakens from a coma after a car accident and begins having shocking visions of her future murder. It's a race against the clock as she tries to solve and prevent her own murder. After a road accident in Hungary, the American honeymooners Joan and Peter and the enigmatic Dr. Werdegast find refuge in the house of the famed architect Hjalmar Poelzig, who shares a dark past with the doctor.  A man consumed by vengeance realizes the futility of his quest. A policeman discovers a love affair between his teenage daughter and her teacher which leads him back to an unsolved murder case he investigated 10 years ago. Agent Matt Graver teams up with operative Alejandro Gillick to prevent Mexican drug cartels from smuggling terrorists across the United States border. Two women use seduction to steal from straying men. But when they discover one of their victims hiding millions in diamonds, the score of their lives becomes a run for their lives. Maggie (Nikki Fritz) takes matters (among other things) into her hands when her boyfriend gets in over his head with gambling debts. She agrees to be Carl the gangster's sex slave (more or less) for a week. Things get complicated when Carl's personal assistant/undercover agent blackmails Maggie into getting the goods on him. For rookie cop Linda Blair and serial killer Clive Barker, the biggest challenge they'll both face, is looking in the mirror. An intimate documentary about motorclub Satudarah, often in the news in Holland for its alleged criminal activities. 10 years has passed since the confrontation between Kira and L. Again, Shinigami sends death notes to the ground and due to this, the world soon falls into chaos. Tsukuru (Masahiro Higashide) is a member of the Death Note special task force team with 6 other investigators including Matsuda who experienced the Kira case of 10 years ago.  Mass murders caused by the death note takes place on Wall Street in the U.S., Shibuya in Japan and other places. World famous private investigator Ryuzaki (Sosuke Ikematsu), who is the rightful successor of L, also investigates the mass murders. They discover that 6 death notes exists in the world.  A computer virus called Kira spreads in the world. A message in the Kira virus says to turn in 6 death notes.  A person who has 6 death notes overwhelm the world. The confrontation begins between the person who wants Kira's revival and the people who want to stop it. A young man comes to terms with his sexuality and his hidden love for his best friend. Jeremy Rodock is a tough horse rancher who strings up rustlers soon as look at them. Fresh out of Pennsylvania, Steve Miller finds it hard to get used to Rodock's ways, although he takes an immediate shine to his Greek girl Jocasta. A tale about a happily married couple who would like to have children. Tracy teaches infants, Andy's a college professor. Things are never the same after she is taken to hospital and operated upon by Jed, a "know all" doctor. A narrative feature film inspired by the events known as the Beltway sniper attacks. Dr. Jack Hammond has best chances to become medical superintendent in the clinic. So he's completely absorbed in his work and has no understanding for his teenage son Chris' problems with school. By accident one of them drinks a brain-exchanging serum, and it switches their identities. This leads of course to extraordinary complications in school and at work, but also to insight in the problems and feelings of each other. Cody battles Chris Jericho in a AEW World Championship match!  Riho (c) vs Emi Sakura in a AEW Women's Championship match  It's two of the most anticipated matches of the year! For the first time ever,  Kenny Omega vs Jon Moxley in Lights Out Unsanctioned Match!  Adam Page vs Pac  The Young Bucks vs Santana & Ortiz  Britt Baker vs Bea Priestley (Buy-In) A gangster in Malaysia goes in search of his family after 25 years of imprisonment. An undercover CIA agent posing as a reporter travels to South America on a mission to destroy a drug cartel. Brittania: The First of the Last This is a docudrama exploring the JFK Assassination from the conspiracy side. This presentation combines facts, theories, rumors, and fiction as it unfolds in flashbacks as the narrative aspect to the film centers around a gay character named Eddie, an East Coast Mobster, who becomes a participant in the plot to kill President Kennedy. Heads are lined up on the shelves one next to another, with different colors and hair styles, yet all the faces are cold and nonchalant. This is Rainbow Salon, a supplier of hair models and wigs to salons and schools. Among these countless "heads," the shop owner's wife lies in the basement of the Rainbow Salon tonight--struggling to breathe, her windpipe cut. The shop owner rushes her to the hospital and then flees. A reporter follows this case and finds that the shop owner has fled the city with his first love. As the reporter attempts to unveil the truth, an unsolved murder from the past seems to be connected to the case--and nothing is as it first appears. Chouf: It means "look" in Arabic, but it is also the name of the watchmen in the drug cartels of Marseille. Sofiane is 20. A brilliant student, he comes back to spend his holiday in the Marseille ghetto where he was born. His brother, a dealer, gets shot before his eyes. Sofiane gives up on his studies and gets involved in the drug network, ready to avenge him. He quickly rises to the top and becomes the boss's right hand. Trapped by the system, Sofiane is dragged into a spiral of violence... Blake Redding is trapped in this dark room wanting to protect his love so the only thing he will do is escape like no failed student has done before. Joan Jett and Cherie Currie, two rebellious teenagers from Southern California, become the frontwomen for the Runaways -- the now-legendary group that paved the way for future generations of female rockers. Under the Svengali-like influence of impresario Kim Fowley, the band becomes a huge success. 1950s New York City. A bad and bloody gang war is about to erupt on the dysfunctional streets of Brooklyn. The Deuces at war with the vicious Vipers. Scott Kalvert directs this tale of lust, drugs, mayhem and madness during one hot summer on the streets of New York. Amar, Akbar and Anthony are close friends living in Kochi. They enjoy a carefree life. Their perceptions and beliefs get shattered with an unexpected event and the resulting story forms the plot of the movie. After 23 years on Death Row a convicted murderer petitions the court asking to be executed, but as his story unfolds, it becomes clear that nothing is what it seems. A young man uses a bug camera to spy on his ex-girlfriend, then witnesses her abduction. Aurora Williams is a 17-year-old girl living with her parents in the New Orleans neighborhood known locally as the 9th Ward. A talented young pianist, Aurora is on the verge of leaving for college to study music when she discovers her cousin Tyrell is responsible for a heinous high-profile murder. Soon, Aurora faces a dire conundrum - turning Tyrell in is obviously the proper thing to do, but societal conventions and family loyalties complicate an already tense situation... Nobody wants to be branded "a snitch" in the tight-knit community of the 9th Ward. With a large reward at stake and the police closing in on Tyrell, Aurora must decide if she is willing to risk the safety of her family in order to do what is right. Kathir, a carefree young man, becomes a police informer like his neighbour Prabhakar, and begins to get too close with inspector Soundarapandian, despite the warnings of the latter. It is only when he tries to ride on an ego clash between Soundarapandian and Mathiarasu, a rival inspector, that he realizes he's become a pawn in a dangerous game. Henri "Papillon" Charriere, a safecracker from the Parisian underworld, is wrongfully convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment in the penal colony of French Guiana, where he forges a strong friendship with Louis Dega, a counterfeiter who needs his protection. A mysterious tale set around a traditional British family on the eve of World War Two. Oblivious to the looming shadow of World War II, the wealthy Keyes maintain a confident facade in the British countryside until daughter Anne becomes an unexpected pawn. Her accidental discovery of secret recordings creates a rift in the family. In a single afternoon a man comes to grips with the power of his past when his estranged family becomes tangled in its web. Menacing smoke rises over the forests of Manawan. Shawnouk has lost touch with the traditions of the Atikamekw people, and he struggles with daily life on the reservation. His mother's boyfriend is a policeman, and though he means well, Shawnouk won't accept him as part of the family. There's so much missing in his life. One night, Shawnouk gets involved in a break-in. When the home-owner turns up, Shawnouk pushes himself between the man and the gun. In the end, he is the one with blood on his hands. He goes into hiding in the vast forests of Quebec. In the search for his roots, he faces regret, pain and anger. Fire and smoke, the ancient trees, and the music of his ancestors help Shawnouk to face his biggest challenge: the confrontation with himself. In a stagecoach stop far away in the Wild West the unexpected visit of a man called 'Colonel', will change their peaceful lives . The Katsuragi Household that runs a small store may appear serene. But as the younger son Minoru commits a murder on the street, the family is exposed to the public. Is there anybody that is behind this murder case? A simple man Surya is living a peaceful middle class life but an incident forces him to join hands with criminal forces. An omnibus film that compresses 16 hours into one, offering glimpses of what happens beyond the monotony from 9am to 5pm. With commentary from Hollywood stars, outtakes from his movies and footage from his youth, this documentary looks at Stanley Kubrick's life and films. Director Jan Harlan, Kubrick's brother-in-law and sometime collaborator, interviews heavyweights like Jack Nicholson, Woody Allen and Sydney Pollack, who explain the influence of Kubrick classics like "Dr. Strangelove" and "2001: A Space Odyssey," and how he absorbed visual clues from disposable culture such as television commercials. Teenagers Zach and Josh have been best friends their whole lives, but when a gruesome accident leads to a cover-up, the secret drives a wedge between them and propels them down a rabbit hole of escalating paranoia and violence. A suspected criminal mastermind escapes from police custody, throwing the city into turmoil. With the police department now divided, rival police chiefs are forced to take their fight to the streets of Hong Kong with deadly consequences. A fast-paced and action-packed suspense drama, Soldier Girl follows the implosion of a mid-level drug gang after the boss, Bigg Boy, falls into serious debt. When his girlfriend Julia's life is threatened as a result, Bigg reluctantly agrees to involve the gang in a sinister but lucrative business deal at the prodding of his right-hand man, Anthony. The plan unravels quickly however, when Julia unknowingly becomes involved and sparks a deadly cat-and-mouse game between her and the members of the gang. With time running out, Julia must choose to do the right thing - with the help of some unlikely allies - or be haunted forever by the consequences of her complacency. Mirko Talhammer is beyond himself when two strange guys show up in his noble insurance office and remind him where he really comes from: from a scrapyard in the provinces, where careers are not what counts, other things are more important: scrapping things, the family, and every once in a while, a nice fist fight. Mirko left all that behind, but his father messes things up big time when he dies and leaves his son the run down scrapyard - together with his brother Letscho. And Letscho is still ticked off that Mirko deserted the clan. But soon the brothers realize that the Talhammers only have a future if they can pull themselves together and fulfill their father's last wish: to rob a train like real professionals! The coup itself is like a suicide mission, but then Kercher, the Talhammer's biggest nemesis, gets wind of things... After a young man's premonition of a deadly race-car crash helps saves the lives of his peers, Death sets out to collect those who evaded their end. An outlaw kills a marshal and steals his identity; a Pinkerton pursues him across the open country. A luxury condo manager leads a staff of workers to seek payback on the Wall Street swindler who defrauded them. With only days until the billionaire gets away with the perfect crime, the unlikely crew of amateur thieves enlists the help of petty crook Slide to steal the $20 million they're sure is hidden in the penthouse. A hunter finds a city boy in the woods pinned under a tree with a dead body nearby. Keisuke Ninomiya (Yu Yokoyama) works as a construction consultant. Through his work, he becomes acquainted with yakuza Yasuhiko Kuwabara (Kuranosuke Sasaki). One day, film producer Koshimizu brings a movie investment proposal to yakuza leader Shimada. Shimada decide to invest in the film and he assigns Yasuhiko Kuwabara to oversee his investment in the film.  Film producer Koshimizu though runs away with their investment money. Keisuke and Yasuhiko struggle to get Shimada's money back from Koshimizu. In pre-Revolutionary France, a young aristocratic woman left penniless by the political unrest in the country, must avenge her family's fall from grace by scheming to steal a priceless necklace. Errol Morris's unique documentary dramatically re-enacts the crime scene and investigation of a police officer's murder in Dallas. 2008's critically acclaimed debut album by The Airborne Toxic Event propelled the group onto a world wide stage. They sold hundreds of thousands of albums. Their hit 'Sometime Around Midnight' was named iTunes #1 Alternative Song of the Year. After two years of selling out concerts around the world, the band finished by coming home and playing the most important show of their career. The LA Philharmonic asked the band to curate/perform their own show at the most prestigious musical building in the world, Frank Gehry designed Walt Disney Concert Hall in Los Angeles. All I Ever Wanted is not a concert film, it's a documentary about the struggles, pain and persistence of being in a family. This family happens to be a rock band. Mobilizing working-class transgender hairdressers and beauty queens, the dynamic leaders of the world's only LGBT political party wage a historic quest to elect a trans woman to the Philippine Congress. When a lonely suburban man turned gay porn producer discovers a hot, lucrative new star, he finds himself the target of rival pornographers who will stop at nothing to steal his money maker. One of the city's last decent tow truck drivers risks everything on a desperate quest to become king of the road and provide for his struggling family. A story about a funny boy named Kozha who always gets into troubles. A serial murder case rocks a small town in China's semi-rural Hebei province. The film explores the case from the viewpoint of a teenage schoolgirl, Jing (Su Xiaotong), who becomes entangled with the case while struggling with her own burgeoning sexuality. In the face of police ineptitude and authoritarianism, and the restrictive, conservative mentality of the town's locals, Jing begins to develop her own theory about the case. After a near death experience, a man becomes a born again Christian; when he wants to sell a memoir based on his rebirth, an ex girlfriend threatens to expose a damning secret; he must decide to take action, or just pray she doesn't tell. Documentary about a bankrupt Jordanian entrepreneur and an unemployed Irish actress who hatch a plan to scam PS2.5m off the British taxman by faking the production of a PS20m movie. But they are found out, arrested and then bailed. While out on bail, they decide to prove their innocence by actually making a film. They hire a former nightclub bouncer, now a self-made micro-budget gangster film director. In 2011, Paul Knight makes their movie for under PS100,000 with a cast of soap and gangster movie stars including Danny Midwinter, Marc Bannerman and Loose Women's Andrea McLean. The film's title is A Landscape of Lies. But the cinematic alibi does not convince the jury when the trial runs in 2013. The producers are convicted of tax fraud and given long sentences. A Heist movie in which two victims of the grasping GREEDY BANKERS decide it's time for a special kind of revenge. A man is out for justice after a group of corrupt police officers are unable to catch his wife's killer. Dante Kathlego is married to Alisha Kathlego. As a result of his poor health Dante loses his job. This causes some friction between husband and wife, but Alisha still decides to travel to Melbourne to promote Dantes new novel. Dantes health condition is so serious that he is unable to drive. Whilst his wife is away, Dante enlists the help of his best friend Mike to be his driver and companion. However, Mike is reckless. He is known to take risks and put himself, and others, in serious danger. Dante tries to educate Mike about the danger he puts himself in when he these risks, but Mike doesnt listen!  Whilst in Melbourne, Alisha meets the rich, handsome and dangerous Nate (Scott Murphy). He convinces her to abandon her children and family. This choice begins a chain reaction of violence, death, heart break and trauma. No one is left unharmed by these irreversible choices. Harvey, a self-doubting private investigator, plans to marry his girlfriend until he is hired to solve an adultery case and discovers the adulterer is cheating with his fiancee. Lost and dejected, Harvey quits his job and wallows in booze and the occasional odd blind date. Meanwhile, Katia, a Jewish woman from St. Petersburg, arrives in Sydney after answering an ad from an international matchmaking agency. But instead of love, she finds her prospective groom dead on arrival. Set against a backdrop of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian rapper Kareem and his singer girlfriend Manar struggle, love and make music in their crime-ridden ghetto and Tel Aviv's hip-hop club scene. Two FBI agents pursue members of a radical hacker collective after they steal a powerful cyber-weapon. En ung vacker kvinna hittas dod i Gota Alv och pa fingret bar hon en briljantforsedd vigselring som tillhor nagon annan. Kriminalinspektor Irene Huss och hennes kollegor satts pa fallet och far direkt problem. Obduktionen visar att dodsorsaken inte ar drunkning utan en skallskada. Vem ar hon? Hon ar inte saknad, ingen kan identifiera henne, ingen vet nagonting. Samtidigt i ett nedganget barackomrade sitter en misshandlad man och ruvar pa en fruktansvard hemlighet... Angela Kovacs aterkommer i rollen som Irene Huss. Vi far aven aterse Lasse Brandeby, Reuben Sallmander, Eric Ericson, Dag Malmberg och Anki Liden. Dessutom kommer en ny kriminaltekniker in i teamet i form av Moa Gammel kand fran bl a Sommaren med Goran. Antligen ar succe-serien om Irene Huss tillbaka, aven denna gang baserad pa Helene Turstens bastsaljande deckarserie, och med mer spanning an nagonsin. A thirteen-year-old boy is forced to live with his estranged brother after their father is sent to prison. Their relationship is soon tested when the older brother's occupation as a marijuana dealer infringes on his ability not only to raise his kid brother, but even to take care of himself. However, through constant tribulations, they discover the only way to get through the difficulties of life is to work together and try to beat the odds. In a series of escalating encounters, former security guard David Dunn uses his supernatural abilities to track Kevin Wendell Crumb, a disturbed man who has twenty-four personalities. Meanwhile, the shadowy presence of Elijah Price emerges as an orchestrator who holds secrets critical to both men. China is the first country in the world to classify Internet addiction as a clinical disorder. Caught in the Net features a Beijing treatment center where Chinese teenagers are being "deprogrammed," and follows the story of three boys from the day they arrive at the center, to their three-month treatment period, and their long awaited return home. The film provides a microcosm of modern Chinese life and investigates one of the symptoms of the Internet age. It examines inter-generational pressures and the disregard of the human rights of minors who get caught in the net. You can get your own cat on which you won't have any allergies, you can climb to the top of a mountains, and even get to the sea you always dreamed of. It is almost the same as a real one, but your own, unseen. This feature-length documentary by Alanis Obomsawin examines the plight of Native people who come to Montreal searching for jobs and a better life. Often arriving without money, friends or jobs, a number of them quickly become part of the homeless population. Both dislocated from their traditional values and alienated from the rest of the population, they are torn between staying and returning home. A former fighter reluctantly returns to the life she abandoned in order to help her sister survive the sadistic world of illegal fighting and the maniac who runs it. When a mayor running for re-election is caught on video smoking crack, he'll do whatever it takes to keep it out of the wrong hands. A group of young Cardboard Gangsters attempt to gain control of the drug trade in Darndale, chasing the glorified lifestyle of money, power and sex. A senior cop and his team of two are after a serial killer who is giving them nightmares. Shocked after finding who the next possible victim is going to be, the cop tracks down the assassin with the help of various clues. Massachusetts, 1892. An unmarried woman of 32 and a social outcast, Lizzie lives a claustrophobic life under her father's cold and domineering control. When Bridget Sullivan, a young maid, comes to work for the family, Lizzie finds a sympathetic, kindred spirit, and a secret intimacy soon blossoms into a wicked plan. A murder mystery set in Budapest 1936, just as Hungary was preparing to allign itself with Hitler. A young beautiful girl is found dead and noone wants to investigate - except Gordon a crime reporter who has a gut feeling that things are not what they seem. Suburban Cowboy follows a drug dealer on Long Island who finds himself over his head when one of his soldiers robs a connection to ruthless Serbian gangsters. When the debt falls on his shoulders he is forced to take drastic measures. Debbie Ocean, a criminal mastermind, gathers a crew of female thieves to pull off the heist of the century at New York's annual Met Gala. Bollywood version of The Champ. Dara Singh stars as a washed up wrestling champ with a drinking and gambling problem trying to raise his son Sunny. Complications arise when Sunny discovers that his mother is still alive, after having been led to believe that she had died many years ago. A Crime film by Director Stuart Budd. 1921 New York. An immigrant woman is tricked into a life of burlesque and vaudeville until a dazzling magician tries to save her and reunite her with her sister who is being held in the confines of Ellis Island. Four men, betrayed by the bank, unite to take revenge. When Max Taylor wins the ancestral home of Callum Chance in a game of Poker, little does he realize that the game is far from over... One by one, Max's family are murdered by the Funny Man, a demonic jester with a varied and imaginative repertoire of homicidal techniques and an irreverent sense of humor. Meanwhile, Max's brother is on his way to the mansion with a bunch on hitchhikers who will be lucky to survive the night. After Brooke and her boyfriend Lance have a car accident, Lance's leg injury requires him to be bedridden with at-home care. When an attractive nurse, Chloe, is recommended to them, she seems perfect for the task. However, when her troubled past comes to light, it becomes apparent to the happy couple that someone is out to destroy their lives. In Stockholm, Sweden, hacker Lisbeth Salander is hired by Frans Balder, a computer engineer, to retrieve a program that he believes it is too dangerous to exist.  A modest super-express delivery courier gets entangled in a spiral of adventure and romance in Shanghai In 2008, a corpse identified by the police with the birth certificate of the writer Joao Paulo Cuenca was found in an occupied building in Lapa. Inspired by this fact, the movie investigates the theft of the author's identity in a ghostly Rio de Janeiro and in deep transformation. If in fiction and in crime sections of newspapers it's common to read about people who steal the identity of someone dead to start a new life, what we have here is the opposite case: someone who steals the identity of a living man to die in his place. Chip's problem is that he can't say no to beautiful women. This weakness gets him into a world of trouble when he agrees to help his girlfriend steal $68,000. In 1932, a prisoner escapes from a women's prison in northern China. Inspector Song Donglu is summoned to investigate the escape. A group of outlaws attempt to reveal their brothers killer from a neighboring gang after being set up during a bank heist. First there was Kidulthood then Adulthood now comes Noel Clarkes last installment brotherhood With Sam facing up to the new world he realizes it also comes with new problems and new challenges that he must face that he knows will require old friends to help him survive new dangers. A beautiful young dentist working in a tough British prison starts to become attracted to a violent inmate after the break-up of her marriage, and embarks upon an illicit affair with him, with terrible consequences for all. When timid bank clerk Stanley Ipkiss discovers a magical mask containing the spirit of the Norse god Loki, his entire life changes. While wearing the mask, Ipkiss becomes a supernatural playboy exuding charm and confidence which allows him to catch the eye of local nightclub singer Tina Carlyle. Unfortunately, under the mask's influence, Ipkiss also robs a bank, which angers junior crime lord Dorian Tyrell, whose goons get blamed for the heist. A rebellious teen is sentenced to serve time on his uncle's organic farm, only to learn that there's much more to the farm than meets the eye. An emotional suspense thriller inspired by true stories of juvenile delinquents in the India. Four teenage friends are provoked to plan and execute the murder of a cop. Rusty Sabich is a deputy prosecutor engaged in an obsessive affair with a coworker who is murdered. Soon after, he's accused of the crime. And his fight to clear his name becomes a whirlpool of lies and hidden passions. An upstate New York public school district is torn apart by corrupt politicians, racial divides, and escalating violence. After a prominent town leader is kidnapped, can a romantic connection between a young Hasidic man and a Hispanic woman bring this town together? A story about Petar Maras, a Belgrade criminal in his late twenties, whose one reckless move causes an avalanche of events that will greatly affect the lives of those around him. True account of the six men held hostage by religious extremists in Beirut during the Reagan-Bush era. The Woods family gathers at a cabin resort to hear the last will and testament of their wealthy patriarch George Woods ten years after his death. All vying for the much-anticipated Woods' fortune, the players include his greedy sister and her grandson, an eccentric niece and two ambitious nephews, his mistress, and his missing daughter's husband with their amnesiac granddaughter. Before the players can stake their claim to the family fortune, each must survive the family attorney's investigation into the mysterious disappearance of Woods' adopted daughter Mona. Why did Mona suddenly run away before the death of Woods? Will she show up to claim her fortune, or was her disappearance the result of a conspiracy? As the story unfolds, family members turn on each other and murder is the weapon of choice to reveal a dark secret. An ordinary man (played by Tim Morton) lives a dull life till his friend Chet (played by Jimmy Kustes) comes over to stay for a few days. His friend ropes him to various schemes and generally makes a bunch of faux pas. His girlfriend (played by Johanna Sims) mostly runs around without alerting him of her whereabouts. He escapes his dull day-to-day existence by watching the TV show New Cops and dreaming various scenarios involving him being the President of the United States and Chet serving as his adviser. Chet recommends they hire detective Flaherty (played by David Maloney) to investigate a book heist at the local library. Nilalang tackles the underbelly of corrupt Philippine cops with the Japanese 'Yakuza' and its links to a centuries' old curse that may be responsible for the spate of serial killings happening in Manila. A comedy drama told from six different perspectives of a family who reunite in Adelaide when Mum plans to sell the family home. Any sense of togetherness quickly crumbles to reveal how fucked and glorious it is to be home. Dead West - or The Rise of the Horror Genre and the Fall of the Western. The story of a western movie actor (Johnny Dust) still trying to make it big in a western film studio and theme park, when a 'new management team' takes over the park and turns the film studio into a fright-fest for the month of Halloween. Haunted by the image of his dead western movie hero, who appears to him on the little screen, Johnny unravels the real intent of management and its opening night 'spectacular', which takes place in the depths of the park's cave. Will Browning accidently creates a clone of himself when working on a science project. Chaos reigns at the natural history museum when night watchman Larry Daley accidentally stirs up an ancient curse, awakening Attila the Hun, an army of gladiators, a Tyrannosaurus rex and other exhibits. It should have been a simple murder. But a botched job, an old flame, and too many loose ends can spell just one thing for businessman Colin Wentworth: chaos! Behind the looks of a shy film student, David hides an obscure past that is about to be revealed. Figures strange to his routine appear in his life, and awaken feelings that transform him into a serial killer. David shoots the killings and gets famous on the internet. As the killings happen, his disturbing secret is threatened and can come out. Amid legalized corruption, a son struggles to prove to his father that he is fit to survive in a dog-eat-dog society. About the notorious batang hamog loitering in main thoroughfares such as EDSA. A modern day adaptation of two of William Shakespeare's tragedies - Julius Caesar and Antony and Cleopatra. Industrial Soundtrack For The Urban Decay traces the origins of Industrial music, taking you on a journey through the crumbling industrial cities of Europe to America's thriving avant-garde scene.  Featuring Throbbing Gristle, Cabaret Voltaire, NON, SPK, Test Dept, Clock DVA, Re/Search - V Vale, Z'EV, Click Click, Sordide Sentimental, Hula, The Klinik, Ant Zen, Orphx, In The Nursery and Prima Linea. Pittsburgh was the center of the sports world in 1979, home to the Super Bowl champion Steelers and the World Series champion Pirates. The Pirates and their rallying cry of "We Are Family" brought a renewed sense of pride to the city. But as it turned out, the family was dangerously dysfunctional, with many members succumbing to the temptation of cocaine and dragging baseball into a nationwide scandal. This film revisits that era and paints a picture of how, by 1985, easy drugs and fast nights brought the national pastime from the diamond to a federal courtroom. A mentally unstable Vietnam War veteran works as a night-time taxi driver in New York City where the perceived decadence and sleaze feeds his urge for violent action, attempting to save a preadolescent prostitute in the process. Angela Delmar (Hilda Koronel) works as a waitress for one of the seedier bars in Manila. There she meets five patrons of the bar, who also turn out to be a gang specializing in drugging and raping girls and later on selling them to prostitution. Blood Brother takes place on he mean streets of a city in decay, where a recently released convict begins to take a murderous revenge against his childhood friends, whom he believes let him take the fall for a crime they collectively committed. As the bodies start piling up, one of the friends, now a cop, will stop at nothing to put and end to the murderous rampage and to right the many wrongs of their tragically violent past. In the Los Angeles of the future, police are forbidden to carry weapons and must use stun guns instead. A maverick detective ignores those restrictions in his pursuit of "The Bullseye Murderer," a psychotic rapist who takes a new drug called "Umbra" that gives him superhuman strength and intelligence. A city PR girl goes on the run accused of leaking information from the military supply company where she works. Chased by ex-soldiers she hides with her brother, a member of a shadowy hacker group, and has to choose between her luxury life - and the Redistributors. Shoot the Messenger  follows one man's painful journey towards self-discovery. On the way he finds both his own attitudes and the expectations of his community challenged. In November 1918, a few days before the Armistice, when Lt. Pradelle orders a senseless attack, he causes a useless disaster, but his outrageous act also binds the lives of two soldiers who have nothing more in common than the battlefield: Edouard saves Albert, although at a high cost. They become companions in misfortune who will attempt to survive in a changing world. Pradelle, in his own way, does the same. Drum tutor Paul Elliott demonstrates various drumming techniques including free solo playing, stroke and foot techniques, groove playing and vocabulary. A magazine editor's life and career, simultaneously begin to unravel, after she takes on a new assistant, with secret motives of his own. Zhenzhen is smuggled into Trinidad and is threatened upon her arrival. Her brother Wei, who is working on the island in construction, intervenes and although he doesn't have the money, he promises to pay her debt. Wei finds Zhenzhen a job at a Chinese restaurant and tries to get an advance from his employer. Whistle depicts the dreary off-hours of an ultra-technological hit-man who becomes 'involved' in the life of one of his victims. The hit-man's wife is not only fully cognizant of her husband's day job but she is also the cold-blooded contact with his bosses when the conscience crisis sets in! Having survived a brutal home invasion that left his fiancee dead, Scott, now emotionally unstable and reclusive is encouraged to join a support group in an attempt to get his life back on track. At the group he meets the enigmatic O, a woman who claims to have ties to Scott's attacker. Together the two set on a path of vengeance to track down the monster who did them wrong but as their journey progresses Scott begins to question O's true motives and intentions as she pulls him deeper into a world of murder and lies. Two closeted Muslim teens hawk goods across Brooklyn and struggle to come clean about their sexuality, as their secretive behavior leads them unknowingly into the cross-hairs of the War on Terror. Rosy is a woman of enchanting beauty who sings and dances in a 5 star hotel in the town. She happens to be an eyewitness to a murder that happens in the hotel. A chronicle of the rise and fall of O.J. Simpson, whose high-profile murder trial exposed the extent of American racial tensions, revealing a fractured and divided nation. The amazing true story of Frederic Bourdin, who after having plundered all the centers for runaway minors and deliquents in Europe, even thought he has come of age, now passes himself off as Nicholas Barclay, a 13-year-old American who had vanished three years ago. To his astonishment, Nicholas's family welcomes him like their son, leaving Interpol and the FBI aghast. It is the beginning of a race against time for the investigators, family and Bourdin. But who is manipulating whom? And who is Frederic Bourdin in reality? Personal injury attorney Stuart Pepper faces the challenge of his young career when he takes on a controversial case of wrongful death in small town Iowa. Kevin Thacker's body was found in the alley outside the Marshalltown Police Department after the young man was arrested for drunk driving. The arresting officer's story is highly suspicious and everyone involved, from the investigating detective to the FBI, appear to be aiding in covering up what actually happened that fateful night. With a promise made to the Thacker family to expose the truth, Stu dives head first into an uphill battle against lies and corruption. What transpires will change this lawyer's life forever. After his star actress, Indre, murders her mother, rich-kid filmmaker Romas plans her escape from Lithuania. His Mexican boyfriend Carlos helps them reluctantly. On the road, Romas begins shooting an improvised experimental film. As events take an unexpected turn, their secrets, memories and emotions make this journey wilder than any film Romas could have imagined. An anonymous love letter left in Carli's locker wreaks havoc on his life, and the lives of everyone who come in contact with it. A high-profile burglar reconciles with his two daughters (half-siblings) to help him retaliate against his ex-partner who betrayed him. Footage of the investigation documentary telling about the extermination of African elephants lasted almost three years.  The film crew traveled throughout 30 countries to make a route of ivory smuggling and to find out the true culprit of these crimes against elephants. The story of the kidnapping of 16-year-old John Paul Getty III and the desperate attempt by his devoted mother to convince his billionaire grandfather Jean Paul Getty to pay the ransom. Shot on location in Cambodia, including many scenes in actual brothels in the notorious red light district of Phnom Penh, HOLLY is a captivating, touching and emotional experience. Patrick, an American card shark and dealer of stolen artifacts, has been 'comfortably numb' in Cambodia for years, when he encounters Holly, a 12-year-old Vietnamese girl, in the K11 red light village. The girl has been sold by her impoverished family and smuggled across the border to work as a prostitute. Famous rapper Kollegah needs to retrieve his new tape that was stolen. A border region village between the Czech Republic and Germany tells the love story of TOMMY (19) from socially disadvantaged backgrounds and JULIA (18) coming from a wealthy family. Julia is getting unexpectedly pregnant. Against their parents opinion Julia and Tommy want to build a future with the child. Money is a big issue for Tommy who works as a baker's student. Tommy is offered a risky deal - drug smuggling. The young relationship is put to the test.  Set in 1930s China, the film details the trials of a group of athletes who desire to compete in the Olympic Games. There's a snag, however. The full amount required to send them abroad for the games is 600,000 dollars, and the government is only sponsoring half. It falls to the athletes to raise the rest themselves, and they start by saving every last penny they earn. They also attempt to raise the money through a variety of fund-raising activities, including street performances, networking for donations, and probably a bake sale, too. After deciding to fund their own way to the games, the athletes take to the streets to perform all manner of athletic demonstrations and martial arts moves in an energetic and impromptu street fair. Everyone deserves a great love story. But for seventeen-year old Simon Spier it's a little more complicated: he's yet to tell his family or friends he's gay and he doesn't know the identity of the anonymous classmate he's fallen for online. Thurgood Marshall, the first African-American Supreme Court Justice, battles through one of his career-defining cases. Omar Petit would be able to live a perfectly happy life with his wife and daughter if it weren't for a number of farmers from the vineyard who have decided to make life miserable for them because of where Omar comes from. One night, one of them happens to be in the middle of sabotaging their vineyard when he witnesses the murder of three South American drug smugglers. The killer, an injured biker who's nevertheless as hard as nails, must take refuge on the Petits' farm and takes the family hostage... Following WW II, a U.S. army officer stationed in West Germany is assigned with keeping classified information away from the Communists. Unfortunately, Red spies know that he suffers from sudden black-outs and use this to hypnotise him, and make it appear that he is a traitor. An alcoholic cop accepts to investigate a case involving a couple of gruesome murders. Will the case be the redemption that he was waiting for? As a top student at St. Adeline's Catholic Boarding School, Zoe senses that something is not quite right about the school's new nun-- a sense proven to be true when it is revealed the "good' nun is an imposter with a fatal attraction to Zoe's brother. After a mass shooting at a police funeral, reclusive ex-cop Gannon finds himself unwittingly forced out of retirement when he realizes that the killer belongs to the same militia he joined after quitting the force. Understanding that the shooting could set off a chain reaction of copycat violence across the country, Gannon quarantines his fellow militiamen in the remote lumber mill they call their headquarters. There, he sets about a series of grueling interrogations, intent on ferreting out the killer and turning him over to the authorities to prevent further bloodshed. When Jimmy finds a mysterious package in the trunk of his latest boost, he is thrust into a violent underworld of criminals, and a race against the clock to save a little girl's life.  An uptight advertising exec has his entire life in a filofax organizer which mistakenly ends up in the hands of a friendly convict who poses as him. Greg is a desperate man. Presented with an opportunity that is hard to resist. He will have to choose between old heroes, new enemies, and family.  Two police officers trapped in a web of deception and lies from everyone they trust after they take up a case involving a mysterious man who is arrested for a double homicide. Tasha, who aspires to make it big in life, catches the eye of two womanising brothers, who promise to make her a star. Yet her hidden intentions may prove deadly for the duo.  In this horrifyingly modern fairytale lurks an online Boogeyman and two 12-year-old girls who would kill for him. The entrance to the internet quickly leads to its darkest basement. How responsible are our children for what they find there? Set after the events of Continental Drift, Scrat's epic pursuit of his elusive acorn catapults him outside of Earth, where he accidentally sets off a series of cosmic events that transform and threaten the planet. To save themselves from peril, Manny, Sid, Diego, and the rest of the herd leave their home and embark on a quest full of thrills and spills, highs and lows, laughter and adventure while traveling to exotic new lands and encountering a host of colorful new characters. Rash is a contemporary story of Melbourne Australia and the artists who make it a living host for illegal artwork called street art. In 14th Century England, this tale of murder and mystery follows a fugitive priest who falls in with a troupe of actors. As they Arrive in a small town, the actors encounter a woman bing sentenced to death for practicing witchcraft and murder. Discarding the expected bible stories, the actors stage a performance based on the crime. Through the performance of the play, they discover a mystery. An adrenaline seeking snowboarder gets lost in a massive winter storm in the back country of the High Sierras where he is pushed to the limits of human endurance and forced to battle his own personal demons as he fights for survival.... A man is murdered, but the person responsible avoids being discovered and arrested. A few years later a police inspector suspects he has found evidence in a newly-published book entitled "Amok". When three childhood friends are brought back together after years apart, a string of mysterious and brutal "Jack The Ripper" inspired murders erupt, pitting friends against foe in this 80's-style police thriller. "When you are shunned and looked down upon for non-conformance, there is nowhere to go. When your protector has become the threat, there is nowhere to go.When the crime gets legitimized in the garb of tradition, there is nowhere to go" Satyavati- and we call this love is a story that takes place in today's times where tenderness & innocence come under attack and all that remain is a scar. And nowhere to go. Technology brings us closer. Or perhaps it brings strangers, a little too close. But how much can you really trust someone? With a new ride share service, you never know who will be getting in a car with. Or if you'll ever get out. A young German girl jumps off a Wroclaw church tower. She is a member of a Women's Gregorian Choir. "It became easier to understand Kren's method of approaching film when he illustrated his matter-of-factness with a story: he was asked to shoot and deliver a film, for a festival, given four day's notice, which he did ('foot'-age shoot'-out'). He normally takes a long time with a film; this one he terms a "rape." He removed his name and copy-right from the piece. "Probably my last film." I asked whether he'd ever seen a print. "Yes, it's great," he replied..." (April Rapier) A young real-estate broker tries to pull off a huge scam, which goes horribly wrong. To fix everything he involves his begrudging wife leading to an end neither could imagine. A famous drug kingpin escapes from prison. The mexican president wants him back in jail whereas the U.S. government wants him dead. A young woman bound in the front seat of a parked car watches helpless as her captor methodically digs a grave in the desert ground. The bloody lifeless body of her boyfriend lies framed in the rear-view mirror, a fate she will fight at all costs to avoid for herself. But this is only the beginning of a brutal struggle where survival could be worse than death. Richthofen goes off to war like thousands of other men. As fighter pilots, they become cult heroes for the soldiers on the battlefields. Marked by sportsmanlike conduct, technical exactitude and knightly propriety, they have their own code of honour. Before long he begins to understand that his hero status is deceptive. His love for Kate, a nurse, opens his eyes to the brutality of war. While investigating a story, a journalist crosses path with an advocate. The investigation leads her to a series of complicated situations, unraveling secrets that can pose a threat to her life. Mother is looking for work in winter when she stops at a diner to eat with her daughter. In April 2015, the Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Company, an underground safe deposit facility in London's Hatton Garden area, was burgled by 4 elderly men. With the stolen property having a value of up to PS200 million, the incident has been called the "largest burglary in English history". While trying to survive the worst drought in history, a family of farmers force their youngest brother down a path of destruction; betrayed and left for dead in an unfamiliar land, he must survive, endure and seek the revenge he deserves. Ataru, who suffers from "savant syndrome," has the power to discover, observe, see through, and deduct microscopic evidence of unsolved cases. Why does he always go to the criminal sites? What explains his strange behavior? Meanwhile, a mystery unfolds with Ataru and a woman named Madoka, who is a killer. The woman possesses the same extraordinary memory and deductive reasoning abilities as Ataru. Who is she? Ayna is an actor and the prison is his stage. He slips into the characters of the powerful convicted in exchange of money and take their place in prison. This strange profession is borne out of a society that doesn't give him a chance to follow his passion of acting, but forces him to act in the real life. Falling in love with the girl next door changes his life equation and he decides to end this career with one last performance. But this one takes him too deep in the rabbit hole. The story unfolds on how an underdog survives in a society that is merciless and struggles his way out from the clutch of crime game which he is a part too. Ruth Payne, innocent to begin with, is trying to extradite herself from the clutches of a gang-mob who obtained her release from prison on a falsified confession because they thought she knew something they didn't want known. A biographical film about professional wrestler Steve Borden, otherwise known as Sting. Shigeo Katsuura once led the yakuza that dominated the town of Kiya. Due to an accident, he lost both his arms and legs. 5 years later, to make a living, he goes to debtors' homes and collects money from the debtors. Thieves attempt a massive heist against the U.S. Treasury as a Category 5 hurricane approaches one of its Mint facilities. An FBI agent teams with the town's veteran game tracker to investigate a murder that occurred on a Native American reservation. Young father agrees to fulfill three criminal boss's wishes in order to get money for his son's surgery abroad.  Toribio's wife has been diagnosed with postpartum leukemia. Cornered between the lack of reliable health plans and his low income as a police officer, Toribio takes his gun and goes out to do everything he can to save his wife. In a little Sicilian village at the edge of a forest, Giuseppe, a boy of 13, vanishes. Luna, his classmate who loves him, refuses to accept his mysterious disappearance. She rebels against the silence and complicity that surround her, and to find him she descends into the dark world which has swallowed him up and which has a lake as its mysterious entrance. Kings should be treated courteously! At least, that's what famous music critic Georg (Josef Hader) thinks. But he finds himself counting pennies when his chief editor (Jorg Hartmann) suddenly fires him from the Viennese newspaper for which he has been writing for decades. While keeping his dismissal a secret from his psychotherapist wife Johanna (Pia Hierzegger), whose mind is occupied solely by getting pregnant, Georg begins to plot his revenge. He is aided by old school friend Erich (Georg Friedrich), and in return the newly liberated Georg helps him repair a rundown rollercoaster in Vienna's Prater Park. Georg's nightly campaigns against his former boss start with small acts of vandalism. They soon escalate to extremes, and Georg's tame, bourgeois life gets completely out of hand... When Bobby's car breaks down in the desert while on the run from some of the bookies who have already taken two of his fingers, he becomes trapped in the nearby small town where the people are stranger than anyone he's encountered. After becoming involved with a young married woman, her husband hires Bobby to kill her. Later, she hires Bobby to kill the husband. When her daughter is kidnapped in Belize and held hostage to be used for human organ trafficking, Kate Johnson goes on a crusade to infiltrate the cartel and rescue her. A police raid in Detroit in 1967 results in one of the largest citizens' uprisings in the history of the United States. Set in a near-future world where there is no privacy, ignorance or anonymity, our private memories are recorded and crime almost ceases to exist. In trying to solve a series of unsolved murders, Sal Frieland stumbles onto a young woman who appears to have subverted the system and disappeared. She has no identity, no history and no record. Sal realizes it may not be the end of crime but the beginning. Known only as 'The Girl', Sal must find her before he becomes the next victim. Ruggero, a meek young man, impulsively robs a bank to prove to his ex-wife that he is courageous and masculine. A police investigation engulfs everyone except our unassuming hero who is completely ignored. Through a set of hilarious coincidences, he gets away with the robbery, while corrupt bank officials take the fall for what looks like an inside job. The story has to do with the seven-year marriage between Geng (Pitsanu Nimsakul) and fashion model Bella (Sheranut Yusananda) turning stormy. The bickering husband and wife face their toughest test yet when they wake up one morning and get a shock when they go to the mirror. Jerry Garcia, legendary lead guitarist for the Grateful Dead and David Grisman, virtuoso mandolinist and founder of "Dawg" music... Now, for the first time ever, the musical matrimony and extraordinary friendship of Garcia and Grisman is traced in the award-winning documentary Grateful Dawg. Upon his father's death, Florante, a classically trained guitarist returns to the Philippines after 12 years of absence. During his stay he rediscovers the music of harana - a long-forgotten tradition of Filipino serenading when men sang under the window at night to fearlessly declare their love for a woman.  Intent on unearthing these unheralded songs, Florante travels to the remote provinces where he discovers three of the last surviving practitioners - a farmer, a fisherman and a tricycle driver. Astounded by their golden voices, Florante asks them to travel with him to perform and record these unknown songs. During their travels, the haranistas meet Brian, a shy young man who for years has been secretly in love with a schoolmate. The haranistas, who have not serenaded in the last thirty years, offered their services to serenade Brian's object of affection, resulting in one of the most tender moments of genuine harana captured on film. Paralyzed after a terrible accident, Dana struggles to regain her life and family when she encounters a malevolent ghost in her hospital room. Zaid is a successful heart surgeon with an expensive apartment and pregnant girlfriend. One night he gets a visit from his brother Yasin, who is desperate for money, but he refuses. Soon after, Yasin is found beaten to death and Zaid is overcome with guilt. As guilt gives way to anger, Zaid becomes a masked avenger and takes on Copenhagen's criminal underworld in his quest for justice. Cenerentola struggles to escape the shadow and evil schemes of her stepmother and six stepsisters who all live aboard the Megaride, a ship stuck in the port of a decaying future Naples. Love and Anarchy is a dramatic love story based on true events. Two lovers immersed in a repressive political context. A government that portrays them as criminals and the people who regard them as anarchist heroes. Set at the turn of the 20th century, The Railway Children tells the story of three Edwardian children and their mother who move to a country house in Yorkshire after their father is mysteriously taken away by the police. Trying to reverse a family curse, brothers Jimmy and Clyde Logan set out to execute an elaborate robbery during the legendary Coca-Cola 600 race at the Charlotte Motor Speedway. Two drug dealers get blackmailed by a corrupt detective. After a prosecution lawyer is framed and convicted for murder, he tries to catch the real murderer from jail with the help of a con artist. Alan and Wendy Barnet have been married just long enough for the excitement to have gone out of their relationship, and they're looking for a way to put some spice back in their lives. After placing a personal ad looking for another couple interested in swapping mates, the Barnets are led to the Zebra Lounge, where they meet Jack and Louise Bauer, a pair of seasoned erotic adventurers. While the Barnets find the swinging scene exciting at first, they soon decide it may be doing more harm than good to their marriage. But easing the Bauers out of their lives proves to be neither simple nor safe. Haunted by the ghosts of the past, an ex FBI agent helps the police on a case of a murdered teenager to track the murderer. After a man discovers his young wife is cheating on him with a neighborhood boy, he goes down a dangerous path of revenge & destruction. You can't help missing an outsider in the small Scottish town of Forres. And that while Bodkin Ras wants to keep his head down, because he's on the run. In this mixture of fiction and documentary, Sohrab Bayat, who plays the title role, is the only actor. The other characters are inhabitants of Forres, who play themselves and whose striking life stories are incorporated into the script. The boundaries between reality and fiction fade and this gives the film a special atmosphere. David Callaway tries to piece together his life in the wake of his wife's suicide and has been left to raise his nine-year-old daughter, Emily on his own. David is at first amused to discover that Emily has created an imaginary friend named 'Charlie', but it isn't long before 'Charlie' develops a sinister and violent side, and as David struggles with his daughter's growing emotional problems, he comes to the frightening realisation that 'Charlie' isn't just a figment of Emily's imagination. The two tradesmen Ib and Edward are tired of their lifeless marriages and dream of living the good life from the stash of money they've earned moonlighting for years. After a huge fight with their wives the two men get drunk and hire a Russian contract killer to do a hit on their spouses. But they have badly underestimated their wives, and this becomes the start of an absurd journey where Ib and Edward to their own horror end at the top of a kill list. Three bumbling underlings who are tasked with smuggling cocaine get into problems during their journey. When a new friend is brutally assaulted, Detective John Droomor is put by chance in charge of the investigation. Although the evidence against the perpetrators seems overwhelming, there is nothing definitive in the case that guarantees justice is served, even more so if some people are willing to twist and betray it. About 150,000 illegal entrants live in Tokyo. They are not recognised as refugees and live in poor conditions. To protect themselves, the illegals create a secret organisation. The organisation has a bank which Japanese Financial Services Agency is not involved with, a hospital that is not authorized by Japanese Ministry of Health, Labour, and Welfare and an illegals police force called "Dias Police." The only police officer in the organisation is Saki Kubozuka (Shota Matsuda). His age and nationality is unknown. Saki Kubozuka does not speak much, but he has a warm heart and strong sense of justice. He takes care of the weak and tries to maintain public order. Tomas Koblic, a former pilot and captain of the Argentinian Navy, disobeys an order and becomes a fugitive in order to survive. He chooses to hide in a small town in the south of the country, where his presence will catch the attention of the unscrupulous and violent local marshal.  The movie is about a character named Malcolm Graves, an adult black man who was a Mayor's aide, running for Mayor of the great city of Newark and focusing on raising his preteen son. His past tries to come back and haunt him through his journey through adulthood, the heart aches, and the head aches that come with the difficult decisions in life when you are trying to stay on the right path. The movie illustrates consequences, both from right and wrong decisions, trust, loyalty, lies, violence and triumph. The movie is truly inspirational and focused on strength and overcoming the daily struggle of life. A play of light and shadow in a virtual world. Lantouri is the name of a gang that mugs people in broad daylight on the streets of Tehran and breaks into homes in the city's rich northern district. The gang also kidnaps children from families who have become wealthy through corruption and embezzlement of state funds. The film begins with the confessions of individual gang members. Sociologists, human rights activists and political hardliners also have their say. Gang member Pasha runs amok because Maryam, a socially committed, self-confident journalist, does not reciprocate his feelings. The badly injured young woman demands lex talionis - the law, applicable in Iran, of 'an eye for an eye'. An account of the 1978 stealing of the body of the late Charles Chaplin. The true story of underdog boxer, Chuck Wepner, who gets a shot to fight the champ, Muhammed Ali. This documentary reflects on the 1983, thirty-hour hostage siege at Shannon Street in Memphis, TN. It compares that era to the current societal events of religion, racism, police involved shootings of civilians and the death of police officers.  While briefly touching on the proactive approaches by law enforcement enacted since the siege, interviewees reflect on the emotional impact the incident had on their personal lives. "The Karma Killings," is a modern-day crime thriller mixed in with Indian mythology and class warfare. The documentary delves into India's most infamous serial killings and its impact on a nation. Told through the people directly involved, the film unravels the complexities of the case and goes beyond the sensational headlines to present a suspenseful and scary mystery. And has a huge twist - one of the killers maybe innocent? Honest cop in corrupt 1940s Los Angeles fights against gangsters who are kidnapping and selling women into prostitution. Three men try to overcome the problems in their lives not realising the impact their efforts are having on the women in their lives. Shortly after the Civil War, Kansas homesteaders are harrassed by Confederate marauders. Bruce Wayne is missing. Alfred covers for him while Nightwing and Robin patrol Gotham City in his stead. And a new player, Batwoman, investigates Batman's disappearance. A dying wealthy patriarch, Ramon summons his relatives to his bedside, setting the tone for intriguing suspense when a bizarre set of murders occurs. The terror begins with the arrival of the old man's sister and her lover. Blood and gore are a regular state of affairs. The first suspect is Carl who, despite his protests of his innocence, is hounded by the local detective. But the morbid killings continue... so is he the murderer, or isn't he? The story begins with a regular Joe who tries desperately to seek employment, but embarks on a violent rampage when he teams up with cult leader Uncle Dave. Their first act is to heist an amusement park, only to learn that the Taliban are planning the same heist as well. Chaos ensues, and now the Postal Dude must not only take on terrorists but also political figures. An out-of-town heist becomes a nightmare for a crew of French burglars when they mistakenly rob the head of the Chicago mafia. Unaccustomed to the ways of the American underworld, it is not long before they have the mafia, the FBI and a couple of street gangs on their backs as they attempt to make their way back to Paris. The Chhottu gang brought terror on the land and the people living there, a group of police force have been sent there to put a stop to the Chottu Gang although this would not be a solid operation, it would be a bloody dog war fight for the strong. Believing that his model is in trouble, a retired engineer, now an amateur painter, hires a private detective to find her.  Based on true events that changed the law. This is the story of a survivor, Lyndal, a young woman sexually abused as an 11 year old while attending a prestigious school. Her courage to fight for justice is entrusted to a local lawyer determined to build a case and give Lyndal peace from her torment. With the help of his aspiring young associate and an enigmatic barrister, the lawyer and Lyndal find their way together. It's 1971, and 2000 members of the Pakistani Army--armed with tanks--are at war with just 120 men in a battalion of Indian soldiers based in the Longewala region of Rajasthan in India. Cast out of his insular community, a damaged and down on his luck man teeters between a life of crime and the path to redemption. Beginning with the World Trade Center's North Tower afire and billowing dense smoke, and ending on the vast expanse of ash-brown debris the following morning, The First 24 Hours documents "ground zero" in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001. Shot independently over a 24-hour period, the film is first a witness to the fall of the twin towers, as a line of fire and a buckle in the armature signal imminent collapse. It is then an intimate view of the smoldering monochromatic site and the surrounding solitary streets, the ashen outskirts of New York's financial center, desolate and strewn with debris, the epicenter, a steel moonscape of Dresdenesque remains. People on the site work monotonously, in a fervor, then dazed, trance-like. The images speak for themselves, intentionally devoid of commentary and music. Jack comes out of prison and gets released early by his boss , but for that he has too do one more job and settle the score but with all this on his head, his wife/girlfriend wants him to stop, stay clean or he will lose her if he doesn't pack up his ideas. (SIC) One by One is a brutal revenge-western on motorbikes. A woman called Sentenza is out for revenge on three biker bandits who assaulted her and killed her husband. It contains one of the most vicious scenes in cinema. A documentary crew starts to make a documentary about an Auto Rickshaw driver in Mumbai. As they dig deeper into his life they discover angst, sexual frustration and paranoia that leads to a terrible end. Alik, 25, has been raised by his grandfather, conductor of a renowned classical orchestra in post-Soviet Armenia where cultural institutions are failing and oligarchs allied with the mafia hold power. Alik, a clarinetist, is the virtuoso in this orchestra whose existence is seriously threatened when its key sponsor is murdered. One night, Alik comes into possession of a hired killer's mysterious telephone, which is used only to commission hits. Manipulated by a crook's daughter with whom he falls hopelessly in love and wishing to save the orchestra at all costs, Alik decides to take on the identity of the killer known as "The Virtuoso" and attempt to carry out his contracts. But Alik is a virtuoso musician, not a killer. In an alternate present-day where magical creatures live among us, two L.A. cops become embroiled in a prophesied turf battle. American director William Friedkin interviewed Austrian director Fritz Lang on February 21st and 24th, 1975. Lang died August 2nd, 1976. A musical which begins with six men and a woman singing; then a dance number; finally, the six men and woman sing again. Contemporary Moscow. Danya, a struggling actor, has just lost his girlfriend. His troubles soon multiply when his younger brother Dima shows up at his apartment with a friend who has a bullet in his stomach. A man, who years earlier mysteriously abandoned his family and isolated himself in a small northern town, returns for one last chance to reconnect with his troubled daughter. When she goes missing, he risks everything to find her, including exposing the fact that he is becoming invisible. November 1970. Several human remains appear in a torrent of Sant Miquel de Balansat, a small rural town in the north of Ibiza. Sergeant Prats, head of the Spanish Civil Guard in the area, and Corporal Ramirez, his new assistant, arrive at the place where the bodies have appeared. Prats is not particulary suprised with the discovery and reveals to newcomer Ramirez that the finding of human fragments is repeated year after year for two decades. Film starring Dimple Kapadia, Varsha Usgaonkar and Sadashiv Amrapurkar A detective, who is deeply grieving over the tragic loss of his wife and daughter, becomes determined to find the kidnapped daughter of the U.S. Ambassador, no matter what the cost. The movie depicts the indomitable feminine spirit in all its grandeur. Most importantly the role of women in countering the evils of society on a broad canvas of agrarian India. After arguing with his girlfriend, Ali, Tyler lands in the arms of sexy new girl, Holly. The next morning, he finds that not only does Ali agree to take him back, but Holly is a new student at their school and is dead set on her new man. Brian and Charlie work for a gangster. When the boss learns they want to "leave" he sets them up to be killed, after they help rob the local Triads of their drug dealing profits. B&amp;C decide to steal the money for themselves, but when their escape doesn't go to plan, they have to seek refuge in a Nuns' teacher training school. Cairo, 2011. A police officer investigates the murder of a woman in a luxurious hotel in the days leading up to the Egyptian revolution. In the morning after a wild marriage between two police officers Franz Eberhofer finds himself woken from heavy-armed special forces, who arrest him because of suspected murder.  His boss, inspector Barschl, was found dead, killed by Franz' knife in his back - furthermore he and Franz were known in the whole village as archrivals. Franz is lucky that his father can testify an alibi for him, so that he is released again. Together with his friend and colleague Rudi Birkenberger they try to prove his innocence and to find the true murderer. However, there are more Problems to be solved: like Paul, his grandma's young love, or his girlfriend Susi, who pushes for marriage. A frontier sheriff and his young deputies search for a serial killer who is murdering prostitutes. Ganapa is based on an incident in Bengaluru's underworld. The film takes a realistic approach, not on rowdyism, but on people affected by it. Dode Hoek (Blind Spot) is the story of Jan Verbeeck, the uncompromising commissioner of the Antwerp drug squad. Known as Mr. Zero Tolerance, he is hugely popular with the people and the media. The country is thrown into commotion when he announces that he is leaving the police force just before the elections to join the extreme right party, VPV. On his last day as a policeman, he leads an investigation that takes him to Charleroi where a raid on a drug lab sets in motion a series of unforeseeable and fatal events. Jayaraman (Mohanlal) is born as a blind man but with heightened senses of smell, sound and touch. He is trained in the martial art of Kalaripayattu. He works as an elevator operator in an apartment where many reputed people live. One day he happens to encounter a murder in a flat. The killer escapes and Jayaraman is charged with the murder. To prove his innocence to the law, Jayaraman must now find and kill the true murderer. DeVoid 2016 In a Paris suburb condominium, after the death of a young woman's boyfriend, a strange and deadly game of death begins between three women living there. A man attempts to make a new start in Atlantic City with the help of his daughter and a new business partner. Andrei Arlovski puts his interim Heavyweight Championship on the line against Justin Eilers. The undercard features a rematch for the UFC Middleweight Championship as Champion Evan Tanner defends this title against Rich Franklin. Other featured fighters include top ranked Forrest Griffin, Paul Buentello, Nate Quarry, David Loiseau, Nick Diaz and more. A mother and her young daughter move into a new house looking for a fresh start. But they soon realize they've just become part of a dark history. A lonely hotel by a lonely road. Sarah is lost, looking for somewhere to sleep. She's come to the wrong place. A lonely hotel by a lonely road. Sarah is lost, Jenny is looking for her. She's come to the right place. The Bridgeburn Hotel A 22-year-old factory worker lets loose on the weekends: drinking, brawling, and dating two women, one of whom is older and married. Based on a true kidnapping event, Carlo Sandoval was kidnapped instead of his sister. A robin is shot so the woodland community holds a trial to investigate in this Silly Symphony. When Jay and Annie first got together, their romantic connection was intense - but ten years and two kids later, the flame of their love needs a spark.  To kick things up a notch, they decide - why not? - to make a video of themselves trying out every position in The Joy of Sex in one marathon three-hour session.  It seems like a great idea - until they discover that their most private video is no longer private.  With their reputations on the line, they know they're just one click away from being laid bare to the world... but as their race to reclaim their video leads to a night they'll never forget, they'll find that their video will expose even more than they bargained for. In a methodical scheme for gentrification in Bed-Stuy, Brooklyn, money, drugs and violence manipulate the lives of three warring families, forcing them to address their ills or face destruction. Raised in a poverty-stricken slum, a 16-year-old girl named Starr now attends a suburban prep school. After she witnesses a police officer shoot her unarmed best friend, she's torn between her two very different worlds as she tries to speak her truth. After the deadbeat brother of a businessman is assumed to be in on his own kidnapping, his sibling must take action to rescue him. The film tells the story of 11-year-old Dylan (Ed Oxenbould), who is brought up by his father (Sam Worthington) in a remote town in the country of Australia. Dylan's life is changed forever when he wins a place in the regional Paper Plane Championships in Sydney. The heart warming journey of a young boy and his father reconnecting after a family's struggle will have us cheering them all the way to the world championships of paper plane flying in Japan. Taurus City, The United States of Europe, 2023. Uly, a disillusioned soldier riddled with amnesia, returns home from a war in the Middle East, knowing only that he must desperately comb the city to find his beloved wife, Penelope. Fate fills this endless night with a series of chance meetings. Whether it be the wealthy Alcyde, the beastly cyclops Popov, Aeo the Gyspy, or Cici the Sorceress, good or evil that they be, each encounter fills in a missing piece of Uly's memory, so that he can finally face his past. Burt Gummer (Michael Gross) and his son Travis Welker (Jamie Kennedy) find themselves up to their ears in Graboids and Ass-Blasters when they head to Canada to investigate a series of deadly giant-worm attacks. Arriving at a remote research facility in the artic tundra, Burt begins to suspect that Graboids are secretly being weaponized, but before he can prove his theory, he is sidelined by Graboid venom. With just 48 hours to live, the only hope is to create an antidote from fresh venom -- but to do that, someone will have to figure out how to milk a Graboid! "Addiction Karaoke" is run by Sung-Wook. When business is slow, he hires singing helper Ha-Suck, a girl in her early 20s. She's a hopeless game addict, but somehow lures customers in. Na-Ju joins the crew and brightens up the miserable place with her bubbly character. Just when everything starts turning for the better, little do they know that a serial killer on the loose in town is after something in the karaoke. A country girl is persuaded to elope with the minister's nephew but she discovers that he is worthless. After he is killed in a brawl, her former sweetheart takes her back to her home. Pin-up photographer, who doesn't want to get pinned down, comes up against a girl who won't take no for an answer. The film story is based on a police investigation of a murder case of a school girl Rupa K.C. As the film unfolds, the case gets connected to the tenants of Musya Sahu and the hide and seek between cops and criminals starts. Kari the babysitter thinks she's in for a night of routine babysitting. She's prepared to provide neurological stimulation with some soothing musical accompaniment for little Jack-Jack, the smallest member of the incredible Parr family. Little does she know that Jack-Jack will teach her a thing or two about babies with "special needs." With never-before seen home video, this film recounts the paranoid downward spiral of John E. du Pont and the murder of Olympic wrestler Dave Schultz. The world turns upside down for Baba on his 25th birthday, when he learns that his apparently boring father is in fact a dreaded hitman, and that his family has made a tradition out of this morbid business for the past 12 generations! Now, the time has come for Baba to take over as the 13th. And as if all of this is not enough, there is the strange case of the love interest with her own secrets, a stolen Renoir painting and prowling contract killers. The plot thickens, but is Baba ready for the mayhem that's about to ensue!? The friendship of two men is tested when things go wrong in their blood theft business and a tough-as-nails cop starts chasing suspects. A blood feud divides a small town in rural Newfoundland. An innocent man sentenced to rot in a Cambodian jail is released for the sadistic pleasure of twisted trophy hunters and forced to fight - or die. The godfather of the triad Jing Hing and his senior bosses need to select a new boss to run the daily operations of the five gangs under their control. Chuck, a lifelong member of the triad, dreams of being the elected one, but his wife wants him to leave the criminal life and spend time with their child. Wulf, a former cop, also wants take over the seat. Both will try to achieve their goal by any means necessary. Based on the experiences of Nebraska cop Kathryn Bolkovac (Rachel Weisz) who discovers a deadly sex trafficking ring while serving as a U.N. peacekeeper in post-war Bosnia. Risking her own life to save the lives of others, she uncovers an international conspiracy that is determined to stop her, no matter the cost. Julia works as a waitress on the night shift of the Comodoro Rivadavia casino. There, she meets Gwynfor, a customer who offers an interesting work opportunity in the oil industry. And so, what starts out as a morning appointment, resume in hand, becomes a nightmarish journey in the middle of the arid landscape of Patagonia, a space Ulises Rosell uses with the cinematic power of a western, with the inclemency of the sun and the darkness of night ravaging the protagonists. Inspired by the stories of captive women from the 19th century, Travis Winslow is an honest man trapped in the middle of a drug war, deliberately placed in the crossfire by Shelby Collins, a woman as deadly as she is beautiful. After his brother Matt's death, no one knows the location of the last shipment of cocaine Matt smuggled into America. The cops think Travis has the answer, and so do the two rival crime lords. When Travis's daughter, Jennifer, is kidnapped, Travis realizes that he can rely on no one but himself. He races against the clock to find a way to rescue his daughter and save his own life, even if it means becoming as deadly as his enemies. In his first English-language special, comedian Gad Elmaleh gleefully digs into America's food obsessions, dating culture, slang, and more. When Valerie returns home from prison years after killing her neighbour in an apparent drunk driving accident, she wants nothing more than to move on - until the deceased's son shows up at her door and it becomes clear that the past is not easily forgotten. Two chess masters are entangled in several murder cases related to organ transplants. A cop and criminal psychologist Calvin Che have to work together to find the missing link, whilst facing various dangers. An orphaned waiter is forced to carry out dangerous missions for a powerful secret society in exchange for the truth about his past. The movie tells the story of a young girl, who goes from being a shop girl to a billionaire, after her father leaves her his empire to run. Follow the adventures of Belle, a bright young woman who finds herself in the castle of a prince who's been turned into a mysterious beast. With the help of the castle's enchanted staff, Belle soon learns the most important lesson of all -- that true beauty comes from within. A master strategist is appointed following Veerappan's unabashed spate of crimes and murders. The official puts in place Operation Cocoon, which involves setting up a network of spies and informers. A man on the run from a brutal murder hides in the last place anyone will look for him, Michigan's frozen Upper Peninsula. When a wrong move gives him away he'll have to choose between running for his life or protecting the people he loves. Unemployed and recently dumped, Mitch and his buddy Sam start a revenge-for-hire business to raise the $50,000 that Sam's father needs to get a heart transplant. The dirty duo brings down a movie theater manager and hires hookers to pose as dead bodies during a live TV ad. When a wealthy developer hires the guys to trash a building (so that he can have it condemned), problems arise and a feud ensues. The story of a teenager, Richard Wershe Jr., who became an undercover informant for the police during the 1980s and was ultimately arrested for drug-trafficking and sentenced to life in prison. Overwhelmed by her suffocating schedule, touring European princess Ann takes off for a night while in Rome. When a sedative she took from her doctor kicks in, however, she falls asleep on a park bench and is found by an American reporter, Joe Bradley, who takes her back to his apartment for safety. At work the next morning, Joe finds out Ann's regal identity and bets his editor he can get exclusive interview with her, but romance soon gets in the way. After a her husband is brutally murdered, a widowed homesteader seeks revenge and leaves everything behind to hunt down his killer. A paedophile returns to his hometown after 12 years in prison and attempts to start a new life.  When Marvin Hamlisch passed away in August 2012 the worlds of music, theatre and cinema lost a talent the likes of which we may never see again. Seemingly destined for greatness, Hamlisch was accepted into New York's Juilliard School as a 6-year-old musical prodigy and rapidly developed into a phenomenon. With instantly classic hits 'The Way We Were' and 'Nobody Does It Better' and scores for Hollywood films such as The Swimmer, The Sting and Sophie's Choice and the Broadway juggernaut A Chorus Line; Hamlisch became the go-to composer for film and Broadway producers and a prominent presence on the international Concert Hall circuit. His streak was staggering, vast, unprecedented and glorious, by the age of 31 Hamlisch had won 4 Grammys, an Emmy, 3 Oscars, a Tony and a Pulitzer prize: success that burned so bright, it proved impossible to match. The story of a family living in a small godforsaken town in Turkey seen through the eyes of children and dealing with the growing complexity when one becomes an adult. Musafir (Hindi: musaaph'ir Musafir, translation: Traveller) is a 2004 Hindi thriller film, directed and produced by Sanjay Gupta starring Sanjay Dutt, Anil Kapoor and Sameera Reddy. The film was controversial because of some sensual scenes, including kissing, between Kapoor and Reddy. The film has been described as "a take-off on" Oliver Stone's 1997 thriller, U Turn England, 15th century. Hal, a capricious prince who lives among the populace far from court, is forced by circumstances to reluctantly accept the throne and become Henry V. A washed-up private security agent has to escort a valuable Chinese antique out of Shanghai but is ambushed en route. Two teenage girls in suburban Connecticut rekindle their unlikely friendship after years of growing apart. In the process, they learn that neither is what she seems to be, and that a murder might solve both of their problems.  While working on an in memoriam piece for a dead colleague, a famous news reporter loses track of the TV story and becomes part of a father-daughter relationship with the teenager left behind. German students compete to enter one of the country's elite schools. The film tells the story of Sodabuddi, who spends his life wastefully. He has two romantic encounters and the audience gets to relive these tales, until the climax throws in a complete surprise.  A middle-aged Irish farmer, who still lives at home with his mother, sets off on a mission of revenge when the old lady is murdered. After working as a drug courier and getting into a brutal shootout with police, a former boxer finds himself at the mercy of his enemies as they force him to instigate violent acts that turn the prison he resides in into a battleground. A drug addict awakens to find the girl he is with dead, and must rush to escape the consequences. An innocent man turns fugitive as he reconstructs events that implicate him for a murder and robbery he did not commit. Sorehead singer Zhao Liang drifts around all day long. One day he encounters a blind girl Jing Jing who is under control by a criminal scrounger gang. Mumbai, 2015. Raghav, a drug addict policeman who maintains a turbulent relationship with his girlfriend Simmy, and Raman, a serial killer obsessed with Raman Rhagav's heinous crimes, a notorious psychopath convicted in 1969, get caught in a ruthless cat-and-mouse game, a dark path with no return for both of them. The life story of slain legislator Vangaveeti Mohan Ranga Rao who was assassinated during the NT Rama Rao regime in 1989. Diz (Joel Courtney) is a reckless teenage drifter living life on the run. Abandoned by his parents as a child, he looks out for himself and doesn't accept handouts. He takes whatever he wants and runs. Jaded and determined to answer to no one, Diz lives a life marked by thievery and abandonment. Things change for Diz when he floats into a small town on the Snake River. There he is confronted by an unflappable old man named Marty and falls for Marty's guarded granddaughter, Selah. When Diz robs a local drug-dealing crazy, he becomes the owner of a giant pile of cash and the target of two vicious killers. With more money than he knows what to do with, and criminals at his heels, Diz puts the people he's learned to care about in danger, still trying to win Selah. But some things can't be stolen or bought. The River Thief is a film about guilt, self-sacrifice, and accepting life as a gift. As a rookie detective struggling to find acceptance in a police department defined by a culture of bullying and intolerance, things go from bad to worse when the chief suspect in a series of brutal ritualistic murders takes a personal interest in her. A game of cat and mouse ensues which sees Rebecca's grasp on reality beginning to spiral out of control, leading to a terrifying climax where she needs to fight for her sanity, her life and maybe even her soul. When fun-loving American agents Dennis Quaid and Kathleen Turner are called back from maternity leave for a special assignment in New Orleans, the spy parents decide to skip the sitter and give their bouncing baby girl the adventure of a lifetime. There's nothing to the dumb story about a deadly arms dealer in the Louisiana Bayou, but you'd be hard put to find a friskier pair of doting parents. A couple off for a romantic weekend in the mountains are accosted by a biker gang. Alone in the mountains, Brea and John must defend themselves against the gang, who will stop at nothing to protect their secrets. An ex-felon joins an Israeli crime syndicate in Brooklyn. When the leader of an all-female biker gang (the "Hellcat's") is brutally murdered, the gang is out for vengeance! Now led by the tough & sexy "Kat" (Lisa Neeld); the hellcats go full-throttle in pursuing her killers. Starring playboy centerfold Lisa Neeld, Deborah (HARD TO DIE) Dutch, Donna (ANGEL OF RECKONING) Hamblin, and more. Ambitious, cunning, and narcissistic, Agnes is a serial killer, hiding in plain sight within a rural town while defining her own systems of sport and romance. just a quick trip down Subconsciousness Lane Three local gangsters get an offer for a job they know nothing about. However, high paychecks and their prides make them accept the offer. On their way they encounter many problems while understanding that they are being trapped.  Making Moves that risks everything over comfort and stability. Trick is among five hostages trapped together, paralyzed from the neck down. While an FBI agent and former detective race against the clock to find their location, the group tries to figure a way out before their promised execution. The story depicts the campus life of the 80s. Zacharia Pothen is a rich and spoiled senior student who is also ruthless and arrogant. He is always accompanied by his friends for whose happiness, Pothen can go to any extent. Pothen and his friends have a lot of fun and experience many exciting events in the course of their campus life. The film is a campus love story with a lot of comic sequences to enjoy the 80s campus life. A Foreign Service Officer in London tries to prevent a terrorist attack set to hit New York, but is forced to go on the run when she is framed for crimes she did not commit. An underground fighting circuit run by an international crime syndicate invades a retired MMA champion's small, idyllic island hometown. Syndicate thugs brutally assault his wife and kill his best friend, leaving him with no other choice but to fight for justice.  Jack and Caroline are a couple making a decent living When Jack suddenly loses his job. They agree that he should stay at home and look after the house while Caroline works. It's just that he's never done it before, and really doesn't have a clue...  Young and disenchanted Sam meets a mysterious and beautiful woman who's swimming in his building's pool one night. When she suddenly vanishes the next morning, Sam embarks on a surreal quest across Los Angeles to decode the secret behind her disappearance, leading him into the murkiest depths of mystery, scandal and conspiracy. A Manic depressive artist survives a suicidal fall only to be possessed by a murdered gangster, who uses the artist to seek vengeance on those that ended his life. SHIVERS DOWN YOUR SPINE is a feature length horror anthology consisting of 9 short stories as well as a wraparound framing device involving Sabiah, a beautiful and ancient djinn who is tasked by her owner to tell a variety of short horror stories as one of his wishes. The films run the gamut from comedic, to horror, to film noir, to tragedy, to 80's cheese. With SHIVERS DOWN YOUR SPINE, there is a little bit for everyone! In rural Sweden of the early 1950s, little Elina goes to school again after recovering from tuberculosis, the same illness that has killed her father a few years earlier. Elina's family belongs to Finnish-speaking Finns frowned upon by a staunch schoolmistress who starts hounding Elina for questioning her authority. Elina's mother, sister, and a liberal young male teacher all try to mediate the ensuing battle of wills between Elina and Miss Holm. Elina finds consolation in wandering out on the dangerous marshlands to have imaginary conversations with her dead father. Written by Markku Kuoppamaki When a depressed woman is burglarized, she finds a new sense of purpose by tracking down the thieves alongside her obnoxious neighbor. But they soon find themselves dangerously out of their depth against a pack of degenerate criminals.  An inventor and his mom hit the road together so he can sell his latest invention. Taiwanese documentary filmmaker Chen Mei-juin's "The Gangster's Daughter" is her first narrative film. Showing a great eye for both the rural and urban lifestyle, her film follows the life of Shaowu (Ally Chiu), a rebellious teenager who has just lost her mother only to be reunited with her estranged father, who also happens to be a renowned gangster At the Queen's request, Ciel and the demon butler Sebastian host an extravagant dinner party for the who's who of the London underground. But an evening that begins with the promise of unmatched elegance quickly spirals into mayhem when their most distinguished guest is found murdered in his room. Now, trapped in the Phantomhive Manor by a dark and stormy night, Ciel and Sebastian must work together with their high-class guests, including the legendary author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, to find the murderer in their midst before the blame falls on the host and his somewhat suspicious staff. The White City tells the story of an emotionally charged love triangle set in the hot political climate of modern Tel Aviv. A young couple take a winter break in Tel Aviv as an opportunity to exercise their creativity. But while Eva writes poetry and parties with friends, Kyle works on a film which expresses his own confused sexuality with Avi, a young ex-soldier; drawing Avi further into the couple's complex relationship. The White City presents a new slant on the love triangle genre, with the backdrop of Tel Aviv as a cultural counterpoint to the American couple's life.  Cambridge Film Festival 2014 (http://www.cambridgefilmfestival.org.uk/films/2014/the-white-city) A crime drama about teenage student from province who has to deal with new environment after moving to city. In a town of low-income and fractured families, a group of teens are lured into working for a dangerous drug dealer. A new girl arrives who hides a dangerous secret that will impact everybody and change their lives forever. A disgraced former cop, fresh off a six-year prison sentence for attempted murder - returns home looking for redemption but winds up trapped in the mess he left behind. FINDING OSCAR is a feature length documentary about the search for justice in the devastating case of the Dos Erres massacre in Guatemala. That search leads to the trail of two little boys who were plucked from a nightmare and offer the only living evidence that ties the Guatemalan government to the massacre. The film is about a thief, who is arguably the best in the game. He is in debt to the Mafia led by Ringo, so he has to pull off one last big heist to pay them back. He recruits Rocky, a thief who is relatively new in the game with a promising track record to help him pull off one final job of 7 Billion Dollars robbery at a Palace in Bangkok. Karthik and Kashi look alike, but Karthik aspires to be a sub-inspector while Kashi is a criminal mastermind. What happens when they end up being in the same city with a bag of stolen cocaine playing games in their nearly-perfect lives? Katja's life collapses after a senseless act impacts her. After a time of mourning and injustice, she seeks revenge. A getaway driver for a bank robbery realizes he has been double crossed and races to find out who betrayed him. A detective is investigating a murder series, and he is torn between the case and family problems. Being a tough, intelligent officer, he sets out on a mission to find the serial killer responsible for the murders. The method used by the suspect is inspired by mind control and hypno-programming. Suspects are unable to consciously control their thoughts and actions at the time the crimes were being committed. A former serial killer Byung-su gets diagnosed with Alzheimer's and when a series of murders occur near his town, he worries whether the killings are his doings. Then, he comes across Tae-ju and realizes that he's the killer. He reports this to the police, only to learn that Tae-ju is one. Byung-su tries to find evidence against Tae-ju, only to raise the young killer's interest on him and his dear daughter. A girl Sahar who is from a poor family of Tehran's suburbs is not coming back home one night. The mother goes to the police and informs about that. In that same day a body of a girl who is very look like Sahar is find. The parents are summon to recognize their girl's body but it turns out that it belongs to another girl. Major Saeed intervenes in the case and is after answers. Freddie, a volatile, heavy-drinking veteran who suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder, finds some semblance of a family when he stumbles onto the ship of Lancaster Dodd, the charismatic leader of a new "religion" he forms after World War II. A lurid fantasy of wounded flesh and accursed lives that entwine and separate in a building run by a landlord (Simon Yam), who seeks to find a particular type of tenant for the property he inherits from his relatives. Driven by his desire of peeping into the darkest aspects of human nature, what he sees through the eyes of the omnipresent cameras ain't pretty... but it gives him the wry, abject satisfaction of a dark god lording over and leering at the souls of the damned, his imagination hungering toward them. Set entirely in one location, the film follows four strangers who become trapped in the elevator of St. Julian-a decrepit, inner-city building. An assassin, a religious zealot, a mother, and a thief...just moments after being confined, it becomes clear that one of them is mortally wounded. As the minutes tick by, a battle for survival ensues where each of them is forced to examine their sordid ties to St. Julian-the building, as well as the legacy of the religious figure. A poet suffers feuding psychiatrists and shifting reality while committeed to a mental institution. In the summer of 1816, Percy Shelley, his mistress Mary, and her stepsister Claire visit Lord Byron at Lake Geneva. Byron challenges each to write a horror story, and Mary begins her novel, Frankenstein. She imagines the monster becoming real, and for the next six years, as tragedy befalls those around her, she believes the personification of her imagination is the cause. Against this backdrop, Claire has Byron's baby then is estranged from him and barred from her daughter. Byron and Percy continue their friendship, the one self-centered and decadent, the other wildly idealistic. The Shelleys take up residence near Pisa. When a crisis threatens to destroy their high school, four teens hatch a daring plan to raise $10 million. Step one? Breaking into the U.S. Mint. A traumatised veteran, unafraid of violence, tracks down missing girls for a living. When a job spins out of control, Joe's nightmares overtake him as a conspiracy is uncovered leading to what may be his death trip or his awakening. Subhash Nagre or Sarkar, the patriarch of the most powerful family of Maharashtra, continues to hold centre-stage because of his immense clout with the masses. In this outing, the Godfather is joined by his grandson Shivaji Nagre who loves and hates his grandfather with equal intensity. Will Shivaji betray Subhash? Or will he become a prey to his grandfather's machinations? The story of four inmates during their 48 hours furlough, of their reality and how it has brought them behind bars. The characters are described with realism, with their contradictions, their desperation, the temptation of an escape, but the cornerstone of the movie is the sincerity of the positive feelings of each and everyone of them: the love of a father for his son, the love for a woman, for friends, and most of all the pursuit of a lost (if ever had) personal dignity and pride. Four characters of different ages and extractions, three man and a woman: Luigi, Donato, Rossana and Angelo. Based on the Geoff Johns/Gary Frank 2008 release "Superman: Brainiac," Superman: Unbound finds the horrific force responsible for the destruction of Krypton (Brainiac) descending upon Earth. Brainiac has crossed the universe, collecting cities from interesting planets, Kandor included, and now the all-knowing, ever-evolving android has his sights fixed on Metropolis. Superman must summon all of his physical and intellectual resources to protect his city, the love of his life, and his newly-arrived cousin, Supergirl. Three officers are assigned to go undercover and join a mission to capture Den Donovan. A tragic story of love and loneliness - this is the unknown life of the great Russian writer Ivan Bunin. The confused love story that involved Bunin, his wife Vera, the young poet Galina Plotnikova, opera singer Marga Kovtun and literary man Leonid Gurov. A work of great honesty and piercing psychology. Mike Kendall, a disgraced ex-cop, is fighting a losing battle with the bottle. When he finds a woman left for dead at the side of a road, Kendall turns private eye to track down her killers, taking one last shot at redemption. Set in a post-apocalyptic world, young Thomas is deposited in a community of boys after his memory is erased, soon learning they're all trapped in a maze that will require him to join forces with fellow "runners" for a shot at escape. A man returns to the Midwestern farm of his childhood on a desperate mission to unearth the horrifying truth of what landed there in the summer of 1960. A couple falls in love, but keeps getting tickets. After being arrested, a Texas man begins confessing to the brutal murder of over 200 women. He recounts his random selection of victims and his traveling companions, his friend and friend's sister. But the police can't be sure whether to believe him or not until he locates a body and shows them some polaroids. Based on the true story of Henry Lee Lucas. After a massive shootout, a mysterious stranger (Van Damme) arrives at a local hospital on the brink of death. Then, a foreign gang brazenly comes to the hospital to hunt him down. His nurse, the sole surviving witness to the follow-up shootout, must face an FBI interrogation that unlocks a plot of international intrigue and revenge. With enough twists and turns, KILL'EM ALL will keep you guessing until the final bullet is fired. At a museum of Mexico City arrives a perfectly conservated mumie. It is a vampire who has died years ago and who returns to life in search of his lost love Angelique. But unfortunately for him the young woman has met a doctor and fallen in love with him who supplies her with the blood she needs to resist the vampire attacks. Falling in love only lasts as long as a piece of string. Alvaro and his friends try to scam a Dominican crime lord in order to pay off a debt to a Russian mobster. A wannabe model from a small Russian town robs a local bank to fund her modeling career. Dasu and his gang of newbies kidnap a rich politician's son to extract money from him, with his new-found uncanny rules of kidnapping. All his plannings go haywire when an insane cop is brought to handle the case. Short by Roman Polanski shot for Prada.  A love triangle where everybody is blackmailing the other two gets a nasty upset when one of them is suddenly found murdered. London, England, April 2015. Brian Reader, a retired thief, gathers an unlikely gang of burglars to perpetrate the biggest and boldest heist in British history. The thieves assault the Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Company and escape with millions in goods and money. But soon the cracks between the gang members begin to appear when they discuss how to share the loot. This film goes inside the world of Romania's super-rich Gypsy popstars - a world of fast cars, lavish houses and gangsters Three teenage girls from a Santiago shanty town set in motion a plan to climb buildings and break into the apartments of the wealthy side of the town. A veteran soldier returns from his completed tour of duty in Iraq, only to find his life turned upside down when he is arbitrarily ordered to return to field duty by the Army. Henry Brogen, an aging assassin tries to get out of the business but finds himself in the ultimate battle: fighting his own clone who is 25 years younger than him and at the peak of his abilities. The thriller La Noche Del Jabali, the first feature film from writer and director Ramiro Tenorio, tells the story of Claudia Moratti, a romantic writer that travels to the ends of South America looking for the house of her recently deceased boyfriend. As she enters this southern world she finds herself involved in the investigation of a local policeman that points to her boyfriend, a horror writer himself, as the responsible of seven cases of disappeared women in the area. The violent history of the town and the dark memories of the military dictatorship come to surface as the characters involved reveal their true intentions. Twelve-year-old Mia and her classmate Benny take a class trip to the Gruber Family's mountain ranch, where they begin to suspect something's fishy: Mysterious witching symbols appear, the Gruber's cattle falls sick, the well water turns black and the barn burns down. What the heck is going on here? Are they being haunted by an evil mountain spirit? Or is someone trying to put the Grubers out of business? Mia and Benny get unexpected support from their new classmate Johannes. Together they follow their handful of clues and leads: How did the poison the kids found wind up in the stable? What is the new cook hiding, and why? And what about the Mayor, who wants to get at the Gruber's property? Young Luca Gruber blames himself for trying to find the fabled Hoard of the Black King up on the mountain. Did he bring the curse of the Black King on his family? But Mia is too sensible to believe in fairy tales... A Horror comedy with unexpected twists in an equally strange cable ... and an outright lie only be returned by the end neck. Marcus King, an old school gangster, a crime lord, has left behind old school crime. He has manoeuvred his business into the leafy lanes of the suburbs and now, in place of pimps and dealers, his team consists of the best graduate geeks that money can bribe. No brothels, no casinos and no drugs - he's dragged serious, organised crime well and truly into the twenty-first century. From credit card cloning and skimming to Internet spamming and scamming, he is the king of Cyber Land. Busty blonde Southern belle Marsha was a queen of adult cinema from the early '60s all the way through the mid '70s, appearing in legendary tit loops like Breast Orgy and nasty sexploitation flicks such as Prison Girls. She matured nicely in front of the camera over the years, becoming quite the MILF while maintaining an astonishing, voluptuous figure. This 3-film collection includes the XXX version of the softcore western Dr. Carstairs 1869 Love Root-Elixir titled Sticky Fingers (1972, 77 min, Marsha Jordan, Kathy Hilton, Susan Gaines), Everybody Goes Ape (1970, 56 min), the bizarre sexual sci-fi of 2069 A Sensation Odyssey. (1969, 54 min), plus bonus scenes of Marsha's brutal in the never-released-on-video The House Near The Prado! Soon-tae is a proudly law abiding citizen of Korea, then one day he is wrongly accused and arrested as the main suspect behind the murder of the daughter-in-law of a major company. Despite Soon-tae's pleads of innocence, he is sentenced death and his daughter is forced to endure the hardships of being a child of a murderer. A botched Christmas Eve robbery leads down a destructive path for a police officer reconnecting with his estranged mother, a coming-apart-at-the-seams amateur photographer, his vindictive and murderous fiancee, her secret lover and a strung-out mall Santa...as they all converge in one explosive and deadly night. Adam (Martin Wallstrom) and his old school friends Per(Anders Lindahl) & Sara (Lisa Linnertorp) pass the time in Pers bar, in Stockholm, dissecting the painful memories of their high school years. The film is an action entertainer where G V Prakash will be seen in the role of an auto rickshaw driver named Johnny. Miami Vice is a feature film based on the 1980s action drama TV series. The film tells the story of vice detectives Crockett and Tubbs and how their personal and professional lives are dangerously getting mixed. A juvenile is mad at his mom so he leaves his home in San Francisco to join a charismatic LSD guru's cult in Spain and turns on, tunes in, and drops out. He also gets involved in murder. An American attorney on business in China, ends up wrongfully on trial for murder and his only key to innocence is a female defense lawyer from the country. When Nick Fairbanks and his wife move from the quiet town of Petersonville for a prestigious job at an investment firm, they quickly become accustomed to the lavish lifestyle of the big city. But when it becomes apparent that Nick's boss and associate are quietly laundering the company's money, they all become the target of vicious mobsters and racketeers. On the run, Nick heads back to his hometown for a confrontation that will turn the humble town of Petersonville into an all-out battlefield.  Mr. Lin and Ms. Lin are the number one and number two in the field. They are neither friends nor enemies, but they ultimately join hands along with trusty assistant Le Qi as they track down an infamous thief who has stolen the 'Heavenly Emperor's Hand'. Unbeknownst to them, they become the common target in a manhunt by the European triads, the CIA and many other agencies. Raghu is an assistant to film director Ajwani and lusts behind women.His uncle Bahu Mama arranges his marriage to Phulwa a childish village girl who doesn't know the meaning of marriage and wants to get rid of her.Raghu comes across a sexy village belly Savita who wants to be an actress.He takes her advantage and exploits her promising role in films. Raghu takes Savita to Mumbai to work in films where she faces the true identify of glamour world where he is been exploited my many on pretext of work. Agent Coulson informs Agent Sitwell that the World Security Council wishes Emil Blonsky to be released from prison to join the Avengers Initiative. As Nick Fury doesn't want to release Blonsky, the two agents decide to send a patsy to sabotage the meeting... The true story of the infamous prison break of Gary Tison and Randy Greenwalt from the Arizona State prison in Florence, in the summer of 1978. Roper, a hostage negotiator catches a murderous bank robber after a blown heist. The bank robber escapes and immediately goes after the man who put him behind bars. Los Angeles, June 21st, 2028. While the streets are being torn apart by riots, the Nurse, who runs a clandestine hospital for criminals in the penthouse of the Artemis, a closed old hotel, has a rough night dealing with troublemaker clients: thieves, assassins, someone from the past and the one who owns the place and the whole city. When a low level mobster is nearly rubbed out by the boss, he decides to take the bonus he was promised by force, so he kidnaps the boss and demands a hefty ransom. Viktor spends his free time trawling bars with ladies of questionable repute, from where he is picked up by a wife he doesn't love, the mother of a child they never planned. Viktor himself was abandoned by his own father, his mother then committed suicide, and he was left to grow up in an orphanage. Years later, his errant dad returns, now a disabled felon, and Viktor discovers a timely legacy is in the offing - his father's apartment. The documentation for securing dad's move into an old people's home is signed in a flash. Nevertheless, the only one that can take him is miles away and, what's more, the invalid starts to recuperate during the journey, which is when their real problems begin. During the warlords era in China, a village located in rural area called Pucheng fell into dangerous situation when its government allocated all its military force to the front line, the cruel commandant Cao from the enemy troops arrived the village and killed the innocent, the guardians of Pucheng were desperate to fight against Cao for justice and to protect their homeland. A foster family in South Central a few weeks before the city erupts in violence following the verdict of the Rodney King trial in 1992. A corrupt New Orleans detective gets caught up in a fight between two criminal gangs while on a stake out. To survive the night, he must find a killer on the run and take him out before the killer reaches his other targets. A former smuggler attempts to start his life anew and repair his relationship with his estranged brother after his release from prison. A psychologist interviews a death row inmate to determine whether or not a stay of execution should be granted. A bunch of 10-year-old kids rob pedestrians and kill without a mercy. But after a failed bank robbery, the dangerous game comes to an end with twenty years of imprisonment. After two decades, they are released but soon begin to disappear one by one. Four crooks rob a jewelery shop, then head for an abandoned factory where they plan to fence the goods to the Yakuza. Unfortunately, their chosen location happens to be the same place where American scientists had previously experimented on resurrecting the dead. A man is slowly going blind and cannot afford the surgery to fix his eyes. When he witnesses a young woman's murder, the killers offer him a large sum of money to remain quiet. Goodmorning...goodnight. Jamaica, 1973. When a young boy witnesses his brother's assassination, a powerful Don gives him a home. But 10 years later, when he's sent to London, his past catches up to him. No overview found. The documentary covers the entire maritime sector, its significance and contribution in the development in a country. Evergreen Media traveled from Karachi to Gadani, to Ormara to Gawadar ports, life of Creeks area, Fisheries, Shipyards, boarded the national flag carriers and landed at naval combat ships.  The voyage unfolds the simple and straightforward steps to the prosperity of several nations. The marine sector plays a vital role in the economy of a country though it is seldom visible in everyday life and thus continues to be undervalued. Maritime activities are essential to trade and prosperity. They underpin our quality of life by facilitating the safe, reliable and low cost movement of foodstuffs, consumer goods and raw materials. The world's top thieves join forces to pull off the heist of a lifetime. But when they find themselves pursued across Europe by a legendary French detective, they'll have to take their game to the next level. Alex, an up-and-coming TV journalist, returns to her hometown of Danford as local police attempt to cope with a series of brutal murders. The small town plunges into a state of panic and the murders--clearly the work of a monster, more beast than man--continue... until Alex comes face to face with the evil itself. Shane Ryan presents the worlds first snuff anthology, with stomach- turning short films collected from over 20 filmmakers around the world, who all reach deep into the darkest cervices of their humanity to put on a gruesome and unforgettable show of depravity and pain. Some of the filmmakers contributing to this anthology refuse to be named, and some claim their entries are real. Now you can be the judge. The film is based on the real life murder mystery of Sheena Bora. Bollywood actress Mahima Chaudhry makes her debut in Bengali film as Ishani Banerjee, a character based on Sheena's mother and alleged murderer Indrani Mukherjea. Riya Sen will play the part of Rina Bardhan, inspired by Sheena Bora. Media baron Peter Mukherjea, Sheena's stepfather, will be portrayed by Sudeep Mukherjee. Oregon, a small town near the sea, around 1870. Henry, a grieving man who aspires to preach as a way to overcome his unfortunate past, reunites with eccentric pioneer Samuel Alabaster, who has hired him to officiate at his marriage to the precious Penelope. What Henry ignores is that both must embark on a dangerous journey through the inhospitable wilderness to meet her. Single shot of the finish of a rowing race at Henley Regatta. Odd squad maybe shutting down due to a new team in town the Weird Team. All the previous agents come back and fight with all the new.  Ignoring the warnings of the locals, a group of teenage camp counselors takes on the job of reopening Camp Crystal Lake -- on Friday the 13th no less, and raise the ire of Jason Voorhees, a masked, homicidal maniac. A Young man fights for his lost bike with courage. Honest Gangster with his foolish brother who destroyed everything. This is a remake of Tamil movie Polladhavan aka.Ruthless Man (2007) The details of undercover police officers are deleted from a police database and a senior officer is left struggling to know who are the undercover officers and who are the criminals. Pietro Zinni is asked by the police to revive the old gang to create a task force that will stop the spread of smart drugs. A mid-19th century mulatto slave is torn between his success as a pit-fighter and the injustices of white society. A former gang member and her young cousin become embroiled in a vendetta between L.A. gangs, as rivals seek revenge for old crimes. When one of her hits goes wrong, a professional assassin ends up with a suitcase full of a million dollars belonging to a mob boss ... In the 1960s, there were few places on Earth as quiet and peaceful as Thailand's Chumporn province, where people continue to live life the old country way. This tranquility is shattered the day an unknown dead man's body is found along the banks of the river waterway. Soon after, villagers began to mysteriously disappear for no reason. The local people endeavor to learn the cause of the disappearances and the identity of the unknown stranger. While trying to track the unknown murderer, strange tracks are found, which could have only been made by some sort of huge animal... An ex-dirty-cop hiding in witness protection is hunted by the partner he betrayed, an unhinged hired gun and a jilted ex-lover who want his ill-gotten fortune - and their own brand of revenge - all to themselves. A pharmaceutical sales rep visits a small town in Louisiana on business. He finds himself in a dark world of corruption and murder with 24 hours to live, running from the police, the mob and a sheriff that wants him dead. A corrupt Police Officer is forced to reopen the unsolved case of Lottery Scam and he gets caught up in an unexpected situation. An amoral, psychotic playboy incites three men who are down on their luck to commit a mail van robbery, which goes badly wrong. Unes is paralyzed after a massive stroke. He lies in bed in the family's living room, watching the live feed from security cameras installed at the perimeter of his home - a matter of protection after several assaults on the family. "We are guilty, we've brought a shame on ourselves," this is how Unes summarizes decades of collaboration with Israeli security forces and helping Jews to buy land from Palestinians. A criminal psychologist and a forensic expert works together to track down a serial killer who targets people who have been acquitted of notable crimes and uses their guilt as his modus operandi. Da Zhi is a doorman at a luxury hotel. He uses his vacation in exchange of a presidential suite at the hotel to satisfy his wife's wish. However, the manager gives the presidential suite to a celebrity and breaks the deal with him. He tries to ask bargain with the movie star, but strange things happen during his dealing, and a conspiracy begins. The story deals with the ego between a jailor(cop) and the prisoner who is subjected to death. Pretty Sasha finds herself in a whirlpool of intrigue and criminal games after her lover, a talented painter, is murdered. Chased on one side by brutal criminals who don't leave witnesses, and on the other by the cops who consider her the #1 suspect, Sasha is forced to act alone to solve the mystery of her lover's death and keep herself alive and free at the same time.  Gradually she unravels the tangle of mysteries and deceptions, only to learn that her lover was forging paintings which had been sold for millions of dollars, and no-one  really is who they say they are. An ex-gangster who after being released from prison attempts to get on the straight and narrow. When that doesn't work out, he is pulled back into crime, building his empire as a kingpin, only to have it taken away as fast as he gained it. A bunch of bootleggers run booze in the South.  Agent Melvin Purvis is placed in charge of running down notorious killer Machine Gun Kelly, and sets out to do just that. A revenge-seeking gold digger marries a womanizing Beverly Hills lawyer with the intention of making a killing in the divorce. Based on the 1930's comic strip, puts the hero up against his arch enemy, Shiwan Khan, who plans to take over the world by holding a city to ransom using an atom bomb. Using his powers of invisibility and "The power to cloud men's minds", the Shadow comes blazing to the city's rescue with explosive results. A young biologist, Mary Jane, who focuses on lepidoptery (the study of moths and butterflies), doesn't have the perfect life; she does however have what she considers the perfect son. Tragedy strikes and Mary Jane's world is disturbingly turned upside down. Fleeing the troubled "real world" she embarks upon a solitary bush project. In the isolated and surreal landscape Mary Jane starts experiencing strange phenomena. The opportunity to be a mother again presents itself, only it comes at a cost for Mary Jane and what's left of her family. A young Italian woman inherits from her deceased lover an enigmatic modern house in the New York country side, and goes to see it for the first time. When she arrives she meets the caretaker of the house. No overview yet The lives of a street punk, a millennial couple, and a Salvadoran teenager being recruited by a local gang collide, forming an interlocking story of class and identity in Echo Park, Los Angeles. As the devoutly single Don Johnston is dumped by his latest girlfriend, he receives an anonymous pink letter informing him that he has a son who may be looking for him. Folk-jazz composer/arranger Arthur Verocai was born in Rio de Janeiro. He has created challenging arragements and compositions for Brazilian artists Jorge Ben, Ivan Lins, Leny Andrade and Gal Costa. In 1972 Verocai recorded a self-titled solo LP. It is a stunningly innovative effort. It puts Verocai into a rarified field with the heavy string oriented music of Charles Stepney, David Axelrod and Frank Zappa. Released in a period marked by the Brazilian military government, the album fared poorly. Following its re-issue in 2003, the album has become a highly influential oft sampled classic (see Ludacris, MF Doom and Little Brother). The performance of this seminal 1972 record in its entirety brought the capacity Luckmann crowd to a stand still. According to Verocai, 'he had never played the record, alive or dead!' His delight can be seen on the DVD. The music has been mixed by Verocai himself in Rio. History turned on its head and musical justice served. The murder of a young girl brings together the three central characters that develop an inexplicable bond with the victim, and amongst them. Consequences beyond their expectations await them. A gangster controls the Punjab state in India. He grows his popularity with his crimes like rape, murders etc. Two boys stop him and burn him alive with fire. Celebrated filmmaker Deepa Mehta investigates one of India's most notorious crimes -- the 2012 gang rape and murder of a 23-year-old woman on a Delhi bus -- in her angry, impassioned and essential new film. Toronto-based documentary filmmaker and cinematographer Nicholas de Pencier (Four Wings and a Prayer, Watermark) examines the complex global impact that the internet has had on matters of free speech, privacy and activism. This colorful adventure tells the story of an impetuous mermaid princess named Ariel who falls in love with the very human Prince Eric and puts everything on the line for the chance to be with him. Memorable songs and characters -- including the villainous sea witch Ursula. A struggling Gujarati businessman ventures into the world of China where he gets a brilliant business idea that could change his life forever. Joseph McKelheer and Cory Knauf (The Hamiltons, The Violent Kind) star in this intense thriller set in the lingering light of the Alaskan midnight sun. Charlie Shepard, a modern day faith healer with a small flock of believers, is stunned when his family is brutally murdered.  Six months later a young, mysterious girl (Courtney Halverson) appears and becomes the link to his family's killing and the murderers themselves, ultimately leading to violent consequences for all. This gripping, atmospheric documentary recounts the infamous trial, conviction and eventual acquittal of Seattle native Amanda Knox for the 2007 murder of a British exchange student in Italy. Following the lead up to one of the biggest robberies of the century, Hatton Garden The Heist watches the journey of Brian Reader, John Collins, Terry Perkins, Daniel Jones and the mysterious Basil throughout the audacious heist. In postwar Hong Kong, legendary Wing Chun grandmaster Ip Man is reluctantly called into action once more, when what begin as simple challenges from rival kung fu styles soon draw him into the dark and dangerous underworld of the Triads. Now, to defend life and honor, he has no choice but to fight one last time... Tanmayi (Gayatri), Anjali (Divya) and Veena (Swapna), all teenagers are the best of friends. Their regular lives come undone when they fall for the wrong guys and end up committing uncorrectable mistakes. A soldier introduces himself to the Peterson family, claiming to be a friend of their son who died in action. After the young man is welcomed into their home, a series of accidental deaths seem to be connected to his presence. A hitchhiking woman is abducted by a young couple and held captive for seven years, during which time she's tortured and forced to live as a slave to her captors.  An anthology horror film featuring three stories involving demons, cannibals, psychopaths and demigods all intertwined, taking place in the final 31 days of earth. A young carrom player in North Chennai becomes a reluctant participant in a war between two warring gangsters. Delve into the minds of serial killers Leonard Lake and Charlie Ng with this horrifying found footage film, spanning the 1983-1984 killing spree that shocked California and the nation.  It was to be the greatest animated film of all time. Not just an eye-opener, but a game-changer. Richard Williams demanded nothing less, investing nearly three decades into his movie masterpiece. From as early as 1964 he ploughed most of the profits right back into his pet project, a feature inspired by the Arabian Nights and provisionally known as Mullah Nasruddin. He assembled a team of inspired young artists--and brought in the best Hollywood craftsmen to teach them--and devised what would be the most elaborate, kaleidoscopic, mind-boggling visual sequences ever committed to celluloid. Years passed. Potential financiers came and went. Work continued. But it was only after Roger Rabbit that Williams had a studio budget to corroborate the munificence of his imagination. An obsessed cop is on the trail of a serial killer prowling the streets of Buffalo, N.Y. but when his teenage daughter disappears, he drops any professional restraint to get the killer. Rusty Sabich is a deputy prosecutor engaged in an obsessive affair with a coworker who is murdered. Soon after, he's accused of the crime. And his fight to clear his name becomes a whirlpool of lies and hidden passions. Tearing himself away from the bedside of his coma-bound wife, a police Sergeant investigates a series of age-related murders, only to discover that time can be far more destructive and cruel than the idealistic killer........ Based on true events and characters. An 11 year old disabled girl, routinely pimped out by her prostitute mother, is saved by a suicidal cab driver. Together, they go on a journey of redemption that forever changes their lives. This intimate portrait of Andy Warhol pulls together a unique library of material shot by New York film legend Jonas Mekas. Spanning 1963-1990, the film features a cast of counter culture icons including Alain Ginsberg, George Maciunas, John Lennon, Yoko Ono and Caroline Kennedy as well as footage from the Velvet Undergrounds first ever public performance. A portrait of the remarkable life of arguable the 20th Century's most famous artist and leading iconographer.  Kanha is a 2016 Marathi film written by Sachin Dharekar and directed by Avadhoot Gupte A hitman in hiding struggles to keep his monsters at bay when his dark past comes calling. Some days your LUCK just goes BLACK. In this wildly entertaining vision of one of the twentieth century's greatest artists, Bob Dylan is surrounded by teen fans, gets into heated philosophical jousts with journalists, and kicks back with fellow musicians Joan Baez, Donovan, and Alan Price. As Harry begins his sixth year at Hogwarts, he discovers an old book marked as 'Property of the Half-Blood Prince', and begins to learn more about Lord Voldemort's dark past. We Are Scissor Sisters... And So Are You is the first DVD by the Scissor Sisters, released on November 29, 2004. It contains a full live concert filmed at Brighton Dome in August 2004, featuring backstage footage and extras. It includes the documentary "Return To Oz" (directed by Julien Temple) which tells the story of the Scissor Sisters. There is also a separate 10 minute skit directed by Andy Soup which has the band dressed up as characters from The Wizard of Oz, which also includes "terribly bad acting" as mentioned on their official website. Muriel Davidson, a successful mystery author in a vulnerable stage of her life, falls for a charismatic ex-con. As they begin to bond over their traumatic pasts, Muriel's life slowly begins to resemble one of her darker novels. A man fights for his sanity when he finds himself trapped on a rural farm inhabited by sinister beings overseen by a mysterious caretaker. A businessman who is trying hard to be a good father to his daughter has a run-in with malevolent policeman. When a barrage of meteors hurtles through the atmosphere straight for Mayor Anna McPherson's town, Anna must lead the desperate fight to save the town and her family from the flaming balls of destruction shooting down from the sky. Hard-nosed liberal lawyer Roman J. Israel has been fighting the good fight forever while others take the credit. When his partner - the firm's frontman - has a heart attack, Israel suddenly takes on that role. He soon discovers some unsettling truths about the firm - truths that conflict with his values of helping the poor and dispossessed - and finds himself in an existential crisis that leads to extreme actions. Sarah and Isolde share an interest in the traditional music and dance of the Balkans, but it turns out that shared interests don't always unite them. Their trip, initially a fun bonding experience, takes a southward turn when Sarah becomes interested in handsome fellow camper Steph. A seemingly innocent romantic overture touches off an abrupt shift in the dynamic between the two girlfriends, steering a previously ecstatic camp outing down a psychological rabbit hole. In the 1980s and 1990s a wave of murders bloodied the idyllic coastline of Sydney's eastern suburbs. The victims: young homosexual men. Disturbing gang assaults were being carried out on coastal cliffs around Sydney, and mysterious deaths officially recorded as 'suicide', 'disappearance' and 'misadventure'. Individual stories are woven together by emotional first person interviews and detailed re-enactments, piecing together the facts of these unsolved cases, decades later. A story of Ilyong, recently-dead man killed by the police, after he was caught stealing. This is the beginning of his story, his death. Soon after, he was brought into a sleazy funeral home, run by Violet, a greedy homosexual who has learned to survive by renting out the dead bodies in his funeral home to Simon. Along for the ride is Jojo, a police officer who is under the payroll of Simon and who supplies the dead bodies for Violet to take care of and make money from. Violet has two workers, On-on and Dyograd. When James Downey returns home to Newfoundland for his mother's funeral, he is faced with all the haunting family issues he thought he had left behind. He channeled his own inner demons from an abusive father into being a police officer but his cousin Danny's childhood trauma has exploded into a cycle of drugs, crime and violence. James must confront his tortured past, decide who he really is, and deal with his cousin before it's too late. Jack Irish has no shortage of friends, but family members are few and far between. His wife was murdered by an ex-client and his father is a fading photo on the pubs football wall of fame. So when Des Connors, the last link to his dad, calls to ask for help in the matter of a missing son, Jack is more than happy to lend a hand. But sometimes prodigal sons go missing for a reason... As Jack begins to dig, he discovers that Gary Connors was a man with something to hide, and his friends are people with yet darker and even more deadly secrets. When a D.E.A. and S.W.A.T. cartel takedown ends in a shootout, S.W.A.T. Agent Travis Hall seizes a mysterious prisoner taking him into custody. Before long, the S.W.A.T. compound is under siege by wave-after-wave of assault teams attempting to recover the prisoner known as "The Scorpion" for the tattoo blazed across his back. When Travis discovers that his prisoner is a Secret Ops double agent planted within the cartel, it's up to him and his expert S.W.A.T. team to keep "The Scorpion" and his billion dollar secrets safe. Every day in the United States, law enforcement agencies at the local, state, and federal levels--including the FBI and DEA--use investigative resources to target the supply side in the war against drugs. But, even with numerous law enforcement successes in this area, the demand for drugs continues. And, one of the more worrisome trends is a growing epidemic of prescription opiate and heroin abuse, especially among young people. Agatha Christie (1890-1976) is the world's most translated writer. Her heroes Hercule Poirot and Miss Marple are known worldwide. But who is the woman behind the sales records? A biographical search for clues, the unraveling of an iridescent personality whose existence and works were shaped by the tragic history of the 20th century. The eventful life of the Queen of Crime. With the instant reach of social media and explosion in cyber porn, a child sex slave can be purchased online and delivered to a customer more quickly than a pizza. Stopping Traffic: The Movement to End Sex Trafficking starts the conversation on a taboo topic - with raw images of life on the streets, heart-pounding rescues and gut-wrenching, personal stories - ultimately offering a story of hope and empowerment, with the goal of engaging others in launching a movement to end modern-day slavery. With 27 million victims, human trafficking is the 2nd largest criminal enterprise in the world. Not just a back-alley enterprise in underdeveloped regions, it's also prevalent in the U.S. and industrial nations. Stopping Traffic takes an unflinching, first-hand look at this shadowy underworld, telling the shocking story through the eyes of survivors, veteran activists, front-line rescue organizations and celebrities who support the cause, including Dolph Lundgren and Jeannie Mai. A young boy finds a powerful otherworldly weapon, which he uses to save his older adoptive brother from a crew of thugs. Before long, the two of them are also pursued by federal agents and mysterious mercenaries aiming to reclaim their asset. Once upon in a time in Taraz, a bunch of friends goes to night club and find themselves in a tricky situation after conflict with son of local mobster. Mahesh Deshmukh has joined the nation's armed forces as that he can honestly and patriotically serve the country. During his college days he has a run-in with fellow-collegian Mohini. A bet between his friends and himself ends up with him falling in love with Mohini, who subsequently realizes that he indeed has fallen in love with her, and she too reciprocates. Mohini's dad is an alcoholic and wishes that Mohini takes up dancing and prostitution so that he can get his daily dose of alchol. Mohini attempts to take refuge with Mahesh, however, cirumstances tangle Mahesh to such an extent that he is arrested, charged, and sentenced to stay away from Bombay city limits. When Mahesh returns, it is no longer the honest, and patriotic Mahesh, but a gangster named Munna, who has many old scores to settle. In late 2016, state lawmakers formally petitioned the DEA to loosen federal restrictions on cannabis for medical use. Without deliberating, the DEA rejected the petition, maintaining a decades-old prohibition alongside heroin and PCP. Enter THE GREEN STANDARD: a people's account of pot, prejudice, and the fight to end prohibition. Filmed for over a year throughout the US, the film looks at the men, women, and children on all sides of the issue and takes you inside their world of surprising highs and uncomfortable lows. From the refugee families of Colorado seeking treatment for their afflicted children to anti-legalization activists decrying the movement as greed-fueled hype, the film offers an unflinching view on our evolving perceptions of marijuana use, the untold costs of prohibition, and how legalization might (or might not) bring about relief. Moving, informative, and enlightening, THE GREEN STANDARD explores one of the most talked-about yet misunderstood issues in America today.  A Star Trek music video synchronized to Ke$ha's 2009 number-one single "Tik Tok".  A woman down on her luck stumbles into a bar run my a local meth dealer and finds herself accepting an offer that will change her life for the worse. MURDEROUS TALES is a special effect animated feature film combining live actors with 3D/2D animation, puppets and back projection. It contains three stories: Antonio Cacto, Lighthouse and The Big Man, plus three ultra-short films called Charge the Dragon.  Each episode uses different production technology and is in a different genre, but both their form and their content are related. All the episodes are about double standards and the topics of heroism and death. Something very small meets something very big (a tiny knight meets a huge dragon, an old Mexican goblin meets a man, a tiny Professor meets real-life cows, two mobsters meet the Big Man). All these meetings result in the heroic death of the small principal characters. Each script sees heroism and death differently. Josie Laurene is a spy who months ago made a terrible mistake when she let international secrets slip through her fingers. Now, she's on a mission to get them back. A destitute young man, raised by racist skinheads and notorious among white supremacists, turns his back on hatred and violence to transform his life, with the help of a black activist and the woman he loves. Chinese narco-cops take their mission to the Golden Triangle following the Mekong River massacre of innocent fishermen by the region's drug lord. Tony was the leader of a notorious London Hooligan firm, but whilst fighting a Russian ultra he sustains a head injury and must sit out some of the fun. The football World Cup 2018 in Russia is looming and he wants to organize some payback. Bad People is a dark comedy feature film that begs us to laugh at the absurdity that is all around us: crack smoking politicians, prostitutes turned reality stars, religious charlatans, sex obsessed online dating, elitist parents, infidelity, and political correctness. Told through the lens of several short stories, the film examines the hysterical dark side that permeates our society today. Based partially on the story of Bonnie and Clyde, Eddie Taylor is an ex-convict who cannot get a break after being released from prison. When he is framed for murder, Taylor is forced to flee with his wife Joan Graham and baby. While escaping prison after being sentenced to death, Taylor becomes a real murderer, condemning himself and Joan to a life of crime and death on the road. The Busty Cops are back, and must prevent Finkel and Billy Viscious from winning an election by any means necessary. When Jay and Annie first got together, their romantic connection was intense - but ten years and two kids later, the flame of their love needs a spark.  To kick things up a notch, they decide - why not? - to make a video of themselves trying out every position in The Joy of Sex in one marathon three-hour session.  It seems like a great idea - until they discover that their most private video is no longer private.  With their reputations on the line, they know they're just one click away from being laid bare to the world... but as their race to reclaim their video leads to a night they'll never forget, they'll find that their video will expose even more than they bargained for. Steve Coogan, an arrogant actor with low self-esteem and a complicated love life, is playing the eponymous role in an adaptation of "The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman" being filmed at a stately home. He constantly spars with actor Rob Brydon, who is playing Uncle Toby and believes his role to be of equal importance to Coogan's. After being infected in the wake of a violent pandemic and with only 48 hours to live, a father struggles to find a new home for his baby daughter. The strange story of John McAfee, who went from millionaire software mogul to yogi, Kurtz-like jungle recluse to potential murderer, and most recently a prospective presidential candidate for the American Libertarian Party. Two friends try to re-unite by going on a road-trip to the forests and mountains. Their attempt to reconcile does not go easy due to the secrets they hold, and a shocking revelation ends their journey. In order to obtain a stage coach mail contract, a new road must be built. A gang of outlaws try to prevent the building of the road. Raymond, a young P.I. specializing in divorce, gets too ambitious and takes on a case that involves more than just snapping pictures of cheating couples. While searching for the estranged daughter of a client, Raymond discovers that she works as a stripper whose exploits bring together a desperate collection of lost souls - sucking everyone down a drain of despair, deceit, and corruption. Having failed to get into the police force, Margarete takes up training as a security guard. One night she runs into a sexually agressive ex-colleague who insists on hailing a taxi to take her home to his place. Enter Tiger: short brown hair, a tough girl and a fighter, the cab driver. Realising that the situation is far from consensual, Tiger speeds off with Margarete, leaving her companion standing in the street. It won't be the last time she rushes to Margarete's aid. Tiger lives in an attic flat with two men. She knows how to wield a baseball bat. Stealing a uniform from security and renaming Margarete 'Vanilla', she begins to steer her life in a completely different direction. Three college students, Phil, Ed, and Henry take a road trip into Mexico for a week of drinking and carefree fun only to have Phil find himself a captive of a group of satanic Mexican drug smugglers who kill tourists and whom are looking for a group of new ones to prepare for a sacrifice. Marine lieutenants Dan and Jim fight bandits in the South American jungle, while competing for the attention of beautiful Joan Grant. Sought by police and criminals, a small-time huckster makes a deal with a TV newsman for protection. An unlikely heir to a Mexican fast-food franchise goes 'cuisine' hunting for the next culinary big thing, and finds himself in a small, dusty New Mexican town where foodies come from all over to salivate over the culinary treats of a local, authentic, and feisty female chef. Two conmen, posing as missionaries, are out to swindle the members of a church group in this slapstick western. Ravi gets a call from Father Anthony saying that his missing wife is with him in the Church.But when he meets her claims that she is not his wife. Captain Glass of the USS Arkansas discovers that a coup d'etat is taking place in Russia, so he and his crew join an elite group working on the ground to prevent a war. After returning from a wedding reception, a couple staying in an isolated vacation house receive a knock on the door in the mid-hours of the night. What ensues is a violent invasion by three strangers, their faces hidden behind masks. The couple find themselves in a violent struggle, in which they go beyond what either of them thought capable in order to survive. Toro (Spanish for "Bull") is a young con man and the right hand of Romano, a powerful mob boss in Torremolinos, Malaga (Andalusia, south to Spain). After Toro decides to leave Romano to get a life free of crime, his last sting fails, resulting one of his brothers dead and he sent to jail. Five years later, Romano realizes that Lopez, Toro's older brother, is robbing him money from his tourism business and he orders to kidnap Diana, Lopez's little daughter, until this one get back the money. Without options, Lopez visits Toro, now a touristic driver with the third grade prison close to get the parole, who only wants to be free to marry his girlfriend Estrella. When Toro accepts to help Lopez and both meet Romano looking for a solution, Toro ends attacking Romano's men and fleeing with Diana, trying to escape from Romano's revenge. But Romano starts a ruthless searching for they three, meanwhile Toro counts the hours to back the prison according to the third grade... In The Family I Had, a mother recalls how her brilliant teenage son came to shatter their idyllic family through one horribly violent and shocking act. Now, left to pick up the pieces, the survivors test the boundaries of their newly defined reality in this moving true crime exploration of the nature and limits of familial love. A fan tries to get an artist's attention by literally coming apart. Monique, a high class escort, has always been able to give her clients exactly what they want, while clean cut Thomas has always been exactly what everyone has expected. But tonight Thomas' curiosity is going to get the better of him while demanding of Monique the one thing she's reluctant to offer. Honesty, costs more. The reinvigorated elderly group that left Earth comes back to visit their relatives. Will they all decide to go back to the planet where no one grows old, or will they be tempted to remain on Earth? Raj Mittal and his wife Sapna reside in Dubai, where Raj works for a British firm. To make money, he works day and night, leaving Sapna alone. Sapna then embarks on an extramarital affair with a stranger, leading to emotional turmoil and eventually, murder. Damat Kogusu (Groom's Block) is slang in Turkey for prison sections holding those accused of serious sex crimes. The film's story and characters are drawn from everyday life. In the Groom's Block, the guards and prison governor manipulate tensions, as prisoners push each other to the edge of existence. We experience the tension and paradox of a violent prison and justice systems reflecting the shifting moral norms and structure of Turkish society. The jailed and jailers enforce violent justice daily, expressing in their lives a society confronted with its need to hide from itself, in desperate denial of its cruel contradictions. Inspired by true events from the 1970s, the story revolves around a young detective who becomes the head of a police unit focused on catching a rampant serial killer of women, nicknamed 'The Silesian Vampire'. A documentary following US, Peter Brook's experimental play about the moral issues surrounding the Vietnam War, Benefit of the Doubt is the only known film record of the Royal Shakespeare Company production. It was filmed by Peter Whitehead concurrently with his Tonite Let's All Make Love in London (1967), on the surface a very different film, yet both share a central concern with the war, protest and Britain's political and cultural relationship with America. An author uncovers information for his new book which leads him to the conclusion that the Mad Axeman is more than just a legend ... Film follows two friends attempting to rob a petrol station, but are so useless that they end up working there all night. In celebration of the publisher's 75th anniversary, the hour-long special will take a detailed look at the company's journey from fledgling comics publisher to multi-media juggernaut. Hosted by Emily VanCamp (S.H.I.E.L.D. Agent Sharon Carter), the documentary-style feature will include interviews with comic book icons, pop culture authorities, and Hollywood stars.  The special also promises an "extraordinary peek into Marvel's future!" Might Marvel release the first official footage from next year's Avengers: Age of Ultron or Ant-Man? If they do, you'll know about it here. Three morticians get caught in a web of greed and deceit, involving buried treasure and a tangled love affair, in this modern day crime mystery that is based on a true story. Jack Shepard is an out-of-shape auto shop owner, far removed from the man who once protected the world's freedom. Reluctantly called back into action by the government, Jack is tasked with turning a ragtag group of kids with special powers into a new generation of superheroes to save the world from certain destruction. The film revolves around the reckless life of three youngsters who maliciously plan a heinous act of violence and the aftermath of their act. A semi-documentary experimental 1930 German silent film created by amateurs with a small budget. With authentic scenes of the metropolis city of Berlin, it's the first film from the later famous screenwriters/directors Billy Wilder and Fred Zinnemann. Every Wednesday, alcoholic CEO, Shilo and her long suffering PA, Teddy meet to conduct matters of business. But on this particular evening, secrets will be uncovered, old wounds will be reopened and their unique co-dependency will come under scrutiny.  A team of former robbers arrived at Paradise: Phuket, southern Thailand. Now traders, they are happy days. Until the day when the devil arrives: Mehdi, sentenced to 15 years in prison during the robbery, comes to recover his share of the cake. Sara, the daughter of Oliver and Julia suddenly disappears. Days pass by without any news about the girl. But one morning, the family receives a letter from someone who claims to have retained Sara and wants to talk with them that night. South Korea, present. A pregnant woman sees news on TV about a serial killer who is scalping women. When her husband arrives home and locks himself in his study under the guise of work, she becomes suspicious. And then she discovers a bloody hairpin... A chronicle of country music legend Johnny Cash's life, from his early days on an Arkansas cotton farm to his rise to fame with Sun Records in Memphis, where he recorded alongside Elvis Presley, Jerry Lee Lewis and Carl Perkins. About 5000 women are murdered every year throughout the world in what are called 'honor killings'. In many cases, it is relatives, even the parents, of the victim who perpetrate these horrific acts of violence in reaction to what they consider a slight on their honor. This cutting documentary meets the victims of this brutal tradition, and explores the widespread attitudes used to justify these killings. A married couple suspect that the 'smart apartments' in their high tech residence are being used by its owner for sinister reasons. When therapist Dr. Leonard Stern discovers he has six weeks to live, he adopts a fresh method of treatment: brutal honesty. Helpless to stop a thief from stealing his father's modest nest egg, Travis grows up blaming himself for his parents' suicide. Becoming a priest who operates a highway confessional with his ambivalent brother, Michael, he offers sage advice to chosen sinners while raining death on unrepentant thieves. Into the world of this antagonistic duo comes Mary Francis, a deranged young woman with psychopathic tendencies who kills a thief who threatens to expose the decidedly un-holy siblings. Filled with gratitude, Travis invites the woman into their sacred world which begins a chain of carnage-laced events that threaten to destroy the brothers' bloody, decades-long partnership. A notorious gangster Vedha surrenders himself to encounter specialist Vikram whom he challenges every step of the way by narrating his life events in the form of riddles that needs to be solved in order to capture him. Balthazar Blake is a master sorcerer in modern-day Manhattan trying to defend the city from his arch-nemesis, Maxim Horvath. Balthazar can't do it alone, so he recruits Dave Stutler, a seemingly average guy who demonstrates hidden potential, as his reluctant protege. The sorcerer gives his unwilling accomplice a crash course in the art and science of magic, and together, these unlikely partners work to stop the forces of darkness. After the FBI receives a threat that endangers the entire city, an interrogator and an I.T. specialist are plunged into a series of mind games with a criminal mastermind, desperately racing against time to uncover the villain's true agenda as they fight to protect thousands of lives. Between Alice, a hospital nurse and Aldo, a shampoo sales representative, things have turned sour of late. Alice blames her husband for lacking ambition and contemplates divorce.One day Aldo wins the ten million euro lotto prize. But, unwilling to share the bonanza, he keeps mum about it, all the more as he finds out Alice has an affair with Gerard, Aldo's former friend and ... new boss. However, Aldo, leading a double life, starts spending his money ... The chief security officer at a top-secret medical facility finds himself caught in an explosive battle when a young thief and his accomplices steal a groundbreaking curative medicine. After discovering the true origins of the medicine, the officer must decide who he can trust to protect the cure from falling into the wrong hands, and prevent an all-out war from bringing the city to its knees. Mona returns to the city to renew her life with her best friend Helen following her grandmother's death. Mona reluctantly attends a raucous party with Helen, even though her ex, Jason, will be there, where she encounters the charming Dirk who alters her life. Returning home from a shopping trip to a nearby town, bored suburban housewife Laura Jesson is thrown by happenstance into an acquaintance with virtuous doctor Alec Harvey. Their casual friendship soon develops during their weekly visits into something more emotionally fulfilling than either expected, and they must wrestle with the potential havoc their deepening relationship would have on their lives and the lives of those they love. A struggling mixed martial arts fighter finds himself in a fight for his life after his one night stand is found dead in her home.  A unique horror film told from the first-person perspective of Grace - a naive, virginal college freshman trying to deal with campus culture and her outgoing roommate as an evil entity takes over her body and unleashes chaos. Imagine a parallel earth where vampires have cut a swath through humanity. The disease is so bad, the ravenous bloodsuckers begin feeding on each other. Three surviving humans create a jump gate to our earth. But, Alyssa, Queen of the Vampires, and her evil bodyguards use the gate to come to our earth as well. They arrive to feed and breed. Now, the number of vampires here is growing and the humans are running out of time! Six young lives collide in the most horrific and twisted of ways. Based on true events. A 21-year-old reformed gangster's devotion to his family and his future is put to the test when he is released from prison and returns to his old stomping grounds in Watts, Los Angeles. Moustache Mountain (Trent Seven & Tyler Bate) vs. The Dunne Bros (Damian Dunne & Pete Dunne); Ashton Smith vs. Damon Moser; Jinny vs. Toni Storm; Mark Haskins vs. Morgan Webster; Big Daddy Walter vs. T-Bone; Marty Scurll vs. Tommy End; The Origin (El Ligero & Nathan Cruz) (c) vs. FSU (Eddie Dennis & Mark Andrews) After narrowly escaping arrest in Prague, Czech mobster Radim "Kacko" Kraviec flees first to Seychelles and then to South Africa where he continues with his criminal endeavours. However, his illicit activities cannot go unnoticed forever. Sean Haggerty only has an hour to deliver his illegal cargo. An hour to reassure a drug cartel, a hitman, and the DEA that nothing is wrong. An hour to make sure his wife survives. And he must do it all from the cockpit of his Cessna. A rookie detective, son of a dead disgraced cop, works to solve his first major case while under the watchful eye of a ghost-like assassin. When two married business executives having an affair are blackmailed by a violent criminal, they are forced to turn the tables on him to save their families. A pair of bank robbers knock off Bohemian tenants in search for their stolen loot. A drug dealer sells his soul to the devil to become the top drug dealer on the block. A reverse comedy that tells the story of a perfectionist assassin who falls and hits his head in a sauna, giving him amnesia. When a down-and-out actor switches locker keys with him, they switch lives until the hit-man, who soon becomes an action hero on TV, starts to remember things. Film from Tody Walker A young man in Berlin is fed up with being the stooge of his criminal boss. New film by Detlev Buck based on a short story by Ferdinand von Schirach. In 1934 Diego Padilla wins the Spanish Championship of Chess and meets a French journalist, Marianne Latour, and they fall in love. At the end of the Civil War, Marianne convinces Diego to live in France with their daughter, where shortly afterwards Diego will be accused of spying by the Nazis and imprisoned in an SS prison. In prison, Diego will try to survive in a hostile environment thanks to Colonel Maier's passion for chess. Ella lives in a magical world in which each child, at the moment of their birth, is given a virtuous "gift" from a fairy godmother. Ella's so-called gift, however, is obedience. This birthright proves itself to be quite the curse once Ella finds herself in the hands of several unscrupulous characters whom she quite literally cannot disobey. Determined to gain control of her life and decisions, Ella sets off on a journey to find her fairy godmother who she hopes will lift the curse. The path, however, isn't easy -- Ella must outwit a slew of unpleasant obstacles including ogres, giants, wicked stepsisters, elves and Prince Charmont's evil uncle, who wants to take over the crown and rule the kingdom. Armed with camcorders, French artist Sophie Calle and American photographer Greg Shephard head West across the United States in his Cadillac convertible to produce and document a narrative of their journey and relationship.  A Hong Kong version of the 1978 American film Same Time, Next Year, I Will Wait For You stars the winning screen pair of Anita Yuen and Tony Leung Ka Fai. So Yau Shing (Tony Leung Ka Fai) is a married salesman who meets the spirited and lovely Cheung Wai Sum (Anita Yuen) two weeks before she's due to be married. But love can't be denied, no matter the circumstance. The two fall passionately into bed, but the reality of their lives won't allow for everlasting happiness. They agree to meet at the same place and at the same time every year to consummate their love...but can they - and their initially unaware spouses - handle the long term love affair?  In danger of losing his business, Anthony Roca, an ordinary man, develops a scam that will become the heist of the century. Overtaken by the crime, he will have to deal with betrayal, murder and settling. A CBI officer goes in search of a ruthless serial killer. Things get worse when the murderer targets the former and her family Would you believe in a policewoman who suffers from such serious panic disorders that she is afraid to get close to any crime scene and has been on permanent office duty for more than a decade? Would you believe a lone mother who is unfit to pay her mortgage and also raise her rebellious teenage daughter? Indeed, no one believes that the troubled ex-detective has discovered a serial murder case. Personal dramas and a murder mystery unfold in present-day Budapest, where demonstrations are part of the pre-election life of a city still trying to cope with the shadows of its historical and recent past. It is a city where nothing seems honest and true, except through the eyes of an emotionally unstable policewoman and her misfit daughter who wants to know who her father truly was. Khalid and Kehailan are two team leaders who are passionate about car racing and challenges. They enter into a crazy competition to win the challenge involving a lot of surprises, which unexpectedly change both their lives. A former safecracker is lured back for one last job by an old flame and business partner. This is filmed in the style of a 1940s 'film-noir.' Five friends plot to murder an upstairs neighbor simply to avoid an awkward conversation. Troubling circumstances bring forward three women who work together to plot their revenge against one common man who is responsible for destroying their lives. A group of career criminals finds itself trapped in a warehouse with the law - and an Attack Dog named DeNiro closing in.  A yearning for cold hard cash echoes through the ghetto, while rich Swedes spend each weekend bathing in champagne in Stockholm's hot spots. Sara and Amida refuse to get stuck being flat broke, and from their friendship an idea is born for an adventure in spilled champagne. A "booster bag," a night on the town in snatched clothes, and a smooth Swede who takes everything that used to be tough, but at least stable, and turns it upside down. High school senior Lily and her group of friends live in a haze of texts, posts, selfies and chats just like the rest of the world. So, when an anonymous hacker starts posting details from the private lives of everyone in their small town, the result is absolute madness leaving Lily and her friends questioning whether they'll live through the night. Reclusive veteran Frank Olsen yearns to escape from the complexities of the modern world. Unfortunately, despite his efforts, the world comes looking for him. A once-abused woman devotes herself to ridding victims of their domestic abusers while hunting down the one she must kill to be truly free. Two new female police officers struggle to survive a force filled with corrupt superiors and the brutal world of the criminal mafia. Lexington, Kentucky, 2004. Four young men attempt to execute one of the most audacious art heists in the history of the United States. A series of ritual murders target cops. A simple yet proud rancher conspires to murder his wife for financial gain, convincing his teenage son to participate. Master thief Will Montgomery is just released from the State penitentiary after serving a 10 year sentence, is contacted by Vincent, his ex comrade in crime, who is holding Will's teenage daughter ransom in a hijacked taxi cab. Vincent will only surrender her when Will reveals the whereabouts of the 20 million dollars he contrived to conceal from their last robbery. Washington, D.C. psychologist Carol Bennell and her colleague Dr. Ben Driscoll are the only two people on Earth who are aware of an epidemic running rampant through the city. They discover an alien virus aboard a crashed space shuttle that transforms anyone who comes into contact with it into unfeeling drones while they sleep. Carol realizes her son holds the key to stopping the spread of the plague and she races to find him before it is too late.  Shahab who is about to get marry with his fiance is in desperate need for money. For bringing money he with the help of his friend participates in a bargain but loses all his money. Under all the pressures from his family and his fiance Shahab is force to go to the beyond. The film "A House On 41st Street", tells the story of a family who are struggling with a happening and the consequences after. Something happens that results to a conflict between two brothers, following by some unpleasant incidents between the daughter-in-law and Mother of the family. A black couple is pulled over by police when a simple traffic stop becomes a nightmare they will never forget. A small-time crook agrees to star in a viral video that will restore the image of a businessman who acts against the law. When he realizes that he is the next victim in this man's list, he struggles to save himself at any cost, in this suspenseful action film. Mike Fallon, the Accident Man, is a stone cold killer.  When a loved one is murdered by his own crew, Fallon is forced to avenge the one person who actually meant something to him. Angered by the corruption that stopped him from becoming a CBI officer, a young man forms a gang who pose as CBI officers and raids the corrupt. When he's discharged from a military hospital, ex-GI Bob Corey goes on a search for his army buddy Steve Connolly. A reformed crook, Connolly is on the lam from a trumped-up murder rap, and Corey hopes to clear his pal. Tagging along is Army nurse Julie Benson, who has fallen for Corey. Psychotherapist Ruben Brandt becomes the most wanted criminal in the world when he and four of his patients steal paintings from the world's most renowned museums and art collections. A paradise is emerging on earth. It is neither a dream nor a utopian delusion but an opportunity for a new kind of society. A step beyond the human as it has been known. A step we don't dare to consummate. Barcelona,   Spain, 1921. A tough cop from Madrid arrives in the city to locate, under the suspicious scrutiny of corrupt local police officers, a significant amount of military weaponry stolen from a train, allegedly by revolutionary anarchists. Sergio has a degree in botanics but he cannot find a job. While he tries to get one, following the techniques written in a 'mistake-free' book, his life gets shaken by his noisy room-mate Enzo and the announcement that his former girlfriend Rita is getting married. A cynical look at the life of a not so nice country-western singer, Maury Dann - played by Rip Torn in one of his most memorable performances. He ruthlessly manipulates every one around him to suit his selfish needs...he even gets his limo driver to take the blame for the death of a fan which he stabbed. Arrested at 16 and tried as an adult for kidnapping and robbery, Eddy Zheng served over 20 years in California prisons and jails. Ben Wang's BREATHIN': THE EDDY ZHENG STORY paints an intimate portrait of Eddy--the prisoner, the immigrant, the son, the activist--on his journey to freedom, rehabilitation and redemption.  BREATHIN' moves with a deep, critical love, unafraid in confronting the hard truths of Eddy's crime, the harsh realities of mass incarceration and the intertwined emotional hardships experienced by all involved. The film finds Eddy at many crossroads -- in and out of parole hearings, organizing in the community, othered and at risk of deportation -- his resilience and astounding compassion resounding throughout. In chronicling Eddy's decades-long struggle for freedom, the film interrogates the complexities and hypocrisies of crime and punishment in the United States, raising the greater question: For whom are prisons for? Griff McCleary is a cop, now his son shot himself with Griff's gun. A year later both he and his wife are still reeling from it. Griff feeling shut out by his wife Olivia, decides to move out. Now he is investigating what appears to be a murder-suicide. He believes that there was no suicide. His investigation leads him to a girl named Nikki.  Shadiya Akbar IPS, a renowned police officer, addresses a group of trainees by narrating a memorable instance from her career. The episode and the characters of the case offer her a valuable lesson in a current case, that extends beyond the litigation. The people of Rwanda attempt to reconcile after the genocide through an open process of admission and forgiveness. Will Spanner, the reluctant heir to a dark legacy, is again thrown into battle against the forces of evil when a series of gruesome murders begins to take place. The victims are all brutally murdered in a ritualistic fashion - the heart is taken from each corpses. The victims also have something else in common with Will, something that the minions of darkness will stop at nothing to possess. A picture-perfect family is torn apart after Tyler finds a cache of disturbing images in his father's possession. He begins to suspect that the man he trusts most in the world may be responsible for the murder of 13 girls ten years prior. Spanish soldiers battle indigenous tribes and their own brutal natures as they search for a legendary city built of gold. Rebellious Arivu (Manoj) -- who's incessantly at odds with his father -- shocks his family with his gallantry in this unconventional romantic drama. Forced to attend a wedding with his parents, Arivu graciously offers to marry Savitri (Richa Pallod) when the groom is a no-show. Though the jilted bride rejects the startling proposal, she later turns to Arivu after losing a cherished friend to suicide. A first of its kind crime based thriller in Gujarati Keyvan Has Been Sentenced 25 years In Jail. He is released on condition after 10 but... story of a survival of a girl working/living in a town. A girl is pursued by a psychopath after being locked in a Shopping Mall. What happens that night? Whether she succeeds or fails? Young lawyer Rebeka is given a case involving the murder of a production designer, and the main suspect is her childhood friend Jana. What first seems like a very straightforward case gradually reveals the dark sides, mysterious depths and stray ways of human nature. Agron and Marjeta are happily engaged until in a trial presided by Agron, two people accused of theft reveal facts that implicate Marjeta's father. Agron is torn between love and duty. A documentary about rock 'n' roll. The Canned Heat, City Lights, Seeds of Time, LA Tymes, Llyn Foulkes, Charlie Watts, Chris &amp; Craig, Duke of Earl, Seeburg, Wurlitzer, The Trip, The Lynch Bldg., Top's, Pandora's Box, Maverick's Flat, someone's backyard. Riot in cell block number nine, riot on Sunset Strip. Hotrod, coin slot, go cart, bomp club. Hound Dog Man, King Creole. Kim Weston, The Shangri-Las, The Supremes, Earl - Jean. The Rainbows, Wolfman Jack, Ernie Bushmiller, Jimmy Reed, Ray Charles, The Who, The Coasters. Standing at the crossroads of love. Fats Domino, Chuck Berry, John Cale, Screaming Jay Hawkins, Howlin Wolf, James Brown - The King. Wax reclamation. Frankie Avalon, The Beatles, The Yardbirds, Great Balls of Fire, an early clue to a new direction. Standing, walking, jumping, singing, surfing. Radio, jukebox, scopitone, pinball, poolhall. Mick Jagger/Earth Angel. Documentary material organised by a predetermined structure. (lux.org.uk) When Sudi wins a lottery, he dreams of living a descent life off the streets but his dreams are shattered when his gang mate Jeff points his guns at him. Otomo gets involved with new Yakuza battles after he comes back the Yakuza society. When the crew of an American tugboat boards an abandoned Russian research vessel, the alien life form aboard regards them as a virus which must be destroyed. The story follows a down-on-their-luck couple who discovers a serial killer's film reels. They decide to take the law into their own hands, risking everything for the chance at a $100,000 reward. It isn't long until they find themselves in the killer's lethal cross-hairs. When a Midwest town learns that a corrupt railroad baron has captured the deeds to their homesteads without their knowledge, a group of young ranchers join forces to take back what is rightfully theirs. They will become the object of the biggest manhunt in the history of the Old West and, as their fame grows, so will the legend of their leader, a young outlaw by the name of Jessie James. Two years before he first donned The Count's cloak for Dracula, Christopher Lee had one of his earliest leading roles in this fascinating low budget short subject. Arguably Lee's first venture into Gothic territory on screen, it memorably features the camera - perhaps for the very first time - zooming in for a chilling close up of those unforgettably steely eyes. TV Movie directed by Gary Yates. Claire is hosting her best friend's wedding. Guests arrive, old family conflicts resurface and the night before the wedding, the Groom goes missing. Only Claire knows of Danny's disappearance and she is determined to find him and bring him back before her best friend finds out. Complete strangers stranded at a remote desert motel during a raging storm soon find themselves the target of a deranged murderer. As their numbers thin out, the travelers begin to turn on each other, as each tries to figure out who the killer is. Hitomi Takagi (Fumika Shimizu) and Akako Honda (Rena Matsui) are members of comedy duo "Akako to Hitomi." The created the comedy duo about 5 years ago, but they are still not very popular. Everyday, they perform manzai to a regular audience in a corner of a small theater. One day, Hitomi and Akako catch a middle school student trying to steal Hitomi's bicycle. Since then, their fate as a female comedy duo begins to change. Growing up can be a bumpy road, and it's no exception for Riley, who is uprooted from her Midwest life when her father starts a new job in San Francisco. Riley's guiding emotions-- Joy, Fear, Anger, Disgust and Sadness--live in Headquarters, the control centre inside Riley's mind, where they help advise her through everyday life and tries to keep things positive, but the emotions conflict on how best to navigate a new city, house and school. A spoof of all the "found-footage/documentary style" films released in recent years. Explore the secret world of the bodyguards who risk their lives to protect the rich, famous and powerful. The disturbing and disgusting life of drug dealers, prostitutes, pedophiles, and street people. A psychotherapist journeys inside a comatose serial killer in the hopes of saving his latest victim. It is few days left to Amir's 40th birthday but an incident enters him into a big crisis which makes him to begin searching for a solution. Loot ended with Haku Kale plotting against his four team members to take over entire robbed money. The four gang members, who were framed for the bank robbery, now escape from the prison and want to take revenge against Haku Kale. 27 years after overcoming the malevolent supernatural entity Pennywise, the former members of the Losers' Club, who have grown up and moved away from Derry, are brought back together by a devastating phone call. Set within the stark Icelandic landscape, OUT OF THIN AIR examines the 1976 police investigation into the disappearance of two men in the early 1970s. The bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City in April 1995 is the worst act of domestic terrorism in American history. This documentary explores how a series of deadly encounters between American citizens and federal law enforcement--including the standoffs at Ruby Ridge and Waco--led to it. A young aspiring boxer is lured by a powerful impresario into a dangerously compromising situation. A young author comes into possession of a manuscript sent by critically acclaimed writer, Germund Rein, shortly before he commits suicide. Dave and Joe, just evicted from their Oakland apartment, turn to stealing cars and dealing Fluoride to make their financial ends meet. One night they find Summer Hayes, star of a popular 1990's teen soap, in the trunk of a stolen automobile. Shoot-outs, car chases, and overdoses ensue. In the Fluoride heightened world of "Medias Res", nothing is what it at first appears to be.  With friends like these, who needs enemies? That's the question bad guy Porter is left asking after his wife and partner steal his heist money and leave him for dead -- or so they think. Five months and an endless reservoir of bitterness later, Porter's partners and the crooked cops on his tail learn how bad payback can be. The Doctor, Vicki and Steven arrive on an arid planet where they meet the beautiful Drahvins and the hideous Rills. Each has crash-landed after a confrontation in space. The Rills are friendly, compassionate explorers. The Drahvins are dull-witted, cloned soldiers, terrorised by the intelligent, warlike matriarch Maaga. Double Feluda is a Bengali language crime thriller Detective film, based on the Bengali sleuth Feluda, created by the acclaimed and renowned Oscar- winning director Satyajit Ray. Directed by his son Sandip Ray, the film marks the comeback of both Sabyasachi Chakraborty and Saheb Bhattacharya, with the former returning to the eponymous role of Feluda and the latter playing his sidekick. This is a sequel of Royal Bengal Rahashya (2011). The film released on 16 December 2016 to mark the 50th anniversary of the iconic creation. An independent, single mother who owns a small hotel on a Greek island is about to marry off the spirited young daughter she's raised alone. But, the daughter has secretly invited three of her mother's ex-lovers in the hopes of finding her biological father. 16 is an edge of the seat thriller that shows Deepak a retired Cop after Five years down the line, he is forced to revisit all the events leading to an accident! Trying to escape her broken past, Sarah O'Neill is building a new life on the fringes of a backwood rural town with her young son Chris. A terrifying encounter with a mysterious neighbour shatters her fragile security, throwing Sarah into a spiralling nightmare of paranoia and mistrust, as she tries to uncover if the disturbing changes in her little boy are connected to an ominous sinkhole buried deep in the forest that borders their home. What limits does Malena cross to get what she wants most? Malena is a 38 year old middle class doctor from Buenos Aires. One afternoon she receives the call from Doctor Costas, who informs her that she must travel immediately to the north of the country: the baby she was waiting for is about to be born. Unexpectedly Malena decides to embark on an uncertain journey, full of crossroads, facing all kinds of legal and moral obstacles that will make her constantly wondering how far she is ready to go. A quest for freedom in the South China Sea.  Victims of China's "One-Child" policy,  100 orphans, all girls, are shepherded by a determined activist, Mrs. Brown (Charlotte De Turckheim) onto a tramp freighter for a harrowing escape from the Chinese authorities. Doctor Chakravarthy is 1964 Telugu drama film directed by Adurthi Subba Rao starring Akkineni Nageswara Rao and Savitri. It is the first film to win the Nandi Award instituted by Government of Andhra Pradesh in 1964. Upon its release, it received positive reviews and became a blockbuster. It inspired many people in India to become doctors. In the 21st Century, a small town in Northern China. There are rich mineral resources in endless mountains. The owners make great fortune and step into the higher class. They change everything with money, but bring disasters to mountain farmers. They are unconscious of darks and dangers until a shepherd boy disappears one day... When a cop's crooked past comes back to get him, can he do the right thing, or will he succumb to the threats of his dangerous connections? In real life, Kwon Yoo is unemployed, but in the virtual game world he is the best leader. Kwon Yoo is then framed for a murder. With the help of hacker Yeo-Wool, he tries to uncover the truth behind the murder case. Praful Patel (Kangana) is a 30-year-old divorcee living in Georgia with her middle-class parents. A housekeeper by profession, she gets drawn to a life of crime after her tryst with gambling at a Las Vegas casino. One bad turn leads to several more and before you know it, Praful is in a sordid mess. Based on Samaresh's popular Gogol fiction Mahish Mardini Uddhar and Rai Raja Uddhar, the film unfolds with a 'sabeki' puja in a Bengal village, where all members of the once-royal household assemble during that time of year and Gogol will take us back to the time when joint households were in vogue. Gogol is in a way the younger version of Feluda who is gadget savvy, knows mob applications, has contemporary tastes and upbringing but still loves to be in a joint family and calls its members 'pisi-na kaka-didibhai-chhotomama etc. He never uses a tab but sharpens his 'magojastro'. Americans Amy, Stacy, Jeff and Eric look for fun during a sunny holiday in Mexico, but they get much more than that after visiting an archaeological dig in the jungle. Shigemori is a lawyer tasked with defending Misumi in a murder trial. Misumi has previous convictions for murder and has confessed to the crime, but evidence in the case leads to Shigemori having doubts about what really happened.  A police detective and his partner make some unusual discoveries about the nature of time and space. For years, Ollie has illicitly helped the struggling residents of her North Dakota oil boomtown access Canadian health care and medication. When the authorities catch on, she plans to abandon her crusade, only to be dragged in even deeper after a desperate plea for help from her sister. Mary is a hit woman working for an organized crime family in Boston, whose life is completely turned around when she meets a young boy whose path she crosses when a professional hit goes bad. A murder of a convict held in custody seems to be connected with dark and mysterious events from two years back. An ex-pat Albanian has done time and is now back on the streets of NYC and immediately becomes entangled in the throes of obsessive revenge, whilst trying to court a local woman. The Truth can hurt sometimes...but not even death can keep a secret. The sudden implementation of demonetisation rattles the country, and a few black money hoarders in Kerala are trying their best to save their void currencies by hook or crook. Kasaragod-based financier Nithyananda Shenoy also gets embroiled in it, and drawn into the scene are also a few underprivileged folk in Kochi. Dramatic situations surrounding the hotchpotch ensue, as each one tries to set their lives straight. When a financially struggling LAPD officer relentlessly works to meet an unspoken arrest quota for a promotion, he's thrown on a deadly collision course with an inner-city teenager determined to escape poverty at all costs. A young boy is bored spending time with his dull grandma until he discovers she's an international Jewel thief. After his mother loses her job, Marcus Redmond searches for a way to get money to go to university, even if it does mean going into dangerous business Child abuse, mental illness, and forbidden love converge in this mystery involving a mother and daughter who were thought to be living a fairy tale life that turned out to be a living nightmare. A man and his wife get themselves a huge gambling debt, and then accidentally get involved in a race with gangsters to obtain a magic mirror. An elite team of six female rookie police recruits fails to graduate as they resist to retreat in the final test when the situation gets out of hand. But their eminence provides them with another opportunity - "The Rafflesia", a special female force that was disbanded 25 years ago when the mission failed, which is now looking for new blood to resume operation.  Their first mission is to capture the notorious triad leader "President", who caused the disbandment of "The Rafflesia" 25 years ago. He takes hostage of medical scientist Yoshida for his knowledge in virus to threaten different countries and ultimately plot a physical robbery.  Eager to become real police officers, the girls accept the offer despite the level of danger involves.  Ivan is a young Brazilian delinquent going through a probationary programme. An electronic shackle controls his location, but not his thoughts.  Documentary about a man on home prison.  A guy gets more than he bargained for after entering into an affair with the wife of an investment banker. Soon, a suspicious death and substantial life insurance policy embroil him in a scandal. This excerpt from A Pale Blue Dot was inspired by an image taken, at Carl Sagan's suggestion, by Voyager 1 on February 14, 1990. After having his car stolen, Iranian filmmaker Hesam Eslami meets Ehsan, the leader of an adolescent crime gang that breaks into cars regularly. What forms is a close relationship between the director and the members of the group, following their steps for six whole years. 20th Circuit Suspects provides an intimate look into Ehsan and the gang's life by documenting thefts, wild chases, running from the police, imprisonment, release and, ultimately, the gang splitting up. The lives of the tenants of a lower-class apartment building in the outskirts intersect on a backdrop of crime, drug dealing, confused feelings and tainted relationships, in a lucid portrait of contemporary Rome. Marcello, a bisexual former body builder married with Chiara, has an affair with the bourgeois professor Walter; the ambitious Mauro and cold-blooded dealer and his wife Simona get involved in the ambiguous business of the local boss Carmine to move up to the elegant and cruel circles of central Rome that profit from the public funds for the disadvantaged; Valeria and her son Attilio, Flaminia and her violent husband Bruno face the daily difficulties of their troubled lives. The corrupted powers of urban speculation invade a suspended corner of the suburbs, contaminating the lives of a group of lost souls,revealing the desperate world of the slum and the pitiless scene of the city center as the hidden face of the same coin. Based on the extraordinary true story of the European city's 1973 bank heist and hostage crisis that was documented in the 1974 New Yorker article "The Bank Drama" by Daniel Lang. The events grasped the world's attention when the hostages bonded with their captors and turned against the authorities, giving rise to the psychological phenomenon known as "Stockholm Syndrome." A run in at a roadside bar between a repressed boy and a curious girl leads to an exploration of their darker impulses. Early short film by director Michael Reeves, where two young men break into a house and terrorise the woman who ives there. Two female scam artists, one low rent and the other high class, compete to swindle a naive tech prodigy out of his fortune. A remake of the 1988 comedy "Dirty Rotten Scoundrels." Two policemen, one an old-timer, the other his volatile younger partner, find themselves suspended when a video of their strong-arm tactics becomes the media's cause du jour. Low on cash and with no other options, these two embittered soldiers descend into the criminal underworld to gain their just due, but instead find far more than they wanted awaiting them in the shadows. Set in an alternate universe, the ancient capital of Kamakura is a vibrant town where fantastical creatures live alongside humans. Akiko is a cheerful publishing assistant who moves into town after marrying Masakazu, a popular mystery writer. Akiko is surprised by the unusual town but enjoys the new curiosities surrounding her. However, just as she was beginning to settle in, a trifling incident sweeps her spirit to the underworld too soon. Convinced that destiny has something else in store for his wife, Masakazu journeys into the underworld to bring back Akiko's spirit. Lucas, a diamond trader who travels to Saint Petersburg to arrange a sale, discovers that his Russian business partner has left his hotel and gone to a small Siberian village, so Lucas also heads there to try find him.  While transporting a dying man to the hospital, two paramedics find a million dollars in cash sewn into his clothing. When the man dies, they decide to keep it, setting them on a path for a hellish night of violence and mayhem. The stooges are street cleaners who find some valuable bonds and return them to their owner. The man is so grateful that he offers them a big reward if they can find an honest man with executive ability. Their search leads them to a woman who's fiancee is honest, but he's in jail. The boys decide to commit a crime so they can go behind bars to find him. In prison the boys locate the man and help him escape, only to find out that their benefactor is a con man and on the way himself to the slammer. This courtroom drama tries to decode the life and criminal activities of India's most wanted fugitive - Dawood Ibrahim's late sister Haseena Parkar, who allegedly headed her brother's crime syndicate in Mumbai and ran proxy business for him. Ray Breslin manages an elite team of security specialists trained in the art of breaking people out of the world's most impenetrable prisons. When his most trusted operative, Shu Ren, is kidnapped and disappears inside the most elaborate prison ever built, Ray must track him down with the help of some of his former friends. Power struggles ensue in a gang after the sudden death of their leader.  Claudio Dragonetti is an Italian assassin, one of the best in the industry. He is hired by a local mafia boss in Gothenburg, Ivan. He needs Dragonettis services to get rid of the two competitors. The job is nothing special really. This is something that Claudio Dragonetti done many times before. But this time something goes wrong and he accidentally kills the wrong people. This is appreciated neither by the Mafia or the Swedish authorities and Dragonetti soon finds that he is driven from two directions. But Claudio Dragonetti has a trump card which none of his enemies know. He has signed a pact with Satan, a pact that makes him almost invulnerable, all he had to leave in return was his own immortal soul. Lulu Danger's unsatisfying marriage takes a turn for the worse when a mysterious man from her past comes to town to perform an event called "An Evening with Beverly Luff Linn: For One Magical Night Only." Cetarti is drowning in nothingness. With no job or purpose, he spends his days inside watching documentaries on television, until one day he is informed that his mother and brother were gunned down. He travels from Buenos Aires to Lapachito, a decrepit town in the province of Chaco in northern Argentina to deal with their bodies and to get the life insurance money. There he meets Duarte, a sort of boss in the town and a friend of his mother's murderer who also kidnaps people for money. Cetarti's path will lead him to committing illegal acts to get his hands on the insurance money and to his involvement in Duarte's dark dealings, leading to an absurd and unexpected outcome. A middle-aged man returns to a fictional country in the Balkans to make a documentary about his father, a well-known artist. The son's own artistic endeavours have never received attention to the level he feels they deserve. Consequently he has struggled to find a meaningful place in society and his personal life is chaos. A drama about a group of criminals who are targeting rich and successful... A young person gets hired to kill someone completely unknown, by someone equally unknown. Or is that true? Nothing is what it seems. A reference to Pirandello, this linear fragment is from the director's interactive work Pseudo. Wim and Kevin work at a laundromat. By day, things are boring, but when the sun sets they party in their clients' clothes. During a party, they discover a chopped-off finger in a client's suit's jacket. The underhanded owner of the finger, his sons, and a ruthless traitor are hot on Wim and Kevin's heels and have no regard for their safety. Its Halloween 1989, best friends Sam and Josh are trying to enjoy what's left of their final Devil's Night before graduating high school. But trouble arises when the two pals and a group of friends take a detour on their way to a rock concert, finding an old abandoned barn and awakening the evil inside. Now it's up to Sam and Josh to find a way to protect their friends and defeat the creatures that lurk within "The Barn". Lewis and Clark, aka The Sunshine Boys, were famous comedians during the vaudeville era, but off-stage they couldn't stand each other and haven't spoken in over 20 years of retirement. Willy Clark's nephew is the producer of a TV variety show that wants to feature the reunion this classic duo. It is up to him to try to get the Sunshine Boys back together again for the show. Jacob, a bank manager haunted by a violent heist that took the life of a coworker, teams up with his ex-cop neighbor, James, to bring down the assailant. While the two men work together to figure out the thief's next move, Gabriel, the highly-trained criminal, is one step ahead. When Gabriel kidnaps Jacob's wife and daughter, Jacob barrels down a path of bloodshed that initiates an explosive counterattack and brings all three men to the breaking point. A break-in goes awry when an intruder discovers something unexpected. A father has less than a day to pay back a debt to a violent loan shark, while looking after his young son. A top cop investigates the case of a missing youngster who is allegedly involved in romantic deception of girls. A group of drug dealers want a man out of his ranch, but he designs a plan to defend his property placing his weapons in strategic places in order to fight them and keep his beloved land. Three young women break bread - and possibly each other - over a late supper at the Fleadh. In 1852, the mountain village in Provence where Violette lives is brutally deprived of all its men after the repression of the republicans ordered by Napoleon III. Women spend months in total isolation, desperate to see their men again. In this situation, they make an oath in case a man arrives in the village. "Your Filthy Blood Runs Through Me"  In-seon is about to leave to Spain as a foreign exchange student when she hears shocking news from her terminally-ill mother. Her father she thought dead, was alive and she was born when he raped her mother. While she had inner conflicts about her existence, she decides to find him and kill him. She disguises herself as his previous wife's relative and starts living with him and In-seon's actions of revenge gradually collapses... GOING CLEAR intimately profiles eight former members of the Church of Scientology, shining a light on how they attract true believers and the things they do in the name of religion. A case involving the disappearance of a pregnant woman turns into a personal one for the cop who is tasked with investigating it.  Takanori, from a yakuza family goes to prison for a crime he didn't commit. As soon as he gets out his brother brings him in for a robbery. Ray is a fledgling entrepreneur who specializes in high-end simulated abductions. He jumps at the chance when a mysterious client contracts him for a weekend kidnapping with a handsome payday at the end. But the job isn't all that it seems. A has-been cowboy is given a second chance at the hands of an unexpected teacher. In the outskirts and back-alleys of Kuala Lumpur, several individuals with money problems struggle to get their lives straight, finding their paths unexpectedly intersecting - with fatal results. Chanel Chiu is a deadly assassin who lives by a simple code - a promise must never be broken. She learned this from her husband of ten years. Dior Mok is a thief and equally deadly and she hates men who are disloyal, something she thinks her boyfriend is not. Alas, what they don't know is that they are sharing the same man but neither of them are going to give him up without a fight! New comedy by Portuguese director Luis Ismael. Sun from Chicago (USA) and Lucas from Mallorca (Spain) meet each other in a students's flat in Barcelona. They fall in love and try to enjoy it without thinking of their separation at the term's ending. Will their love prevail?  The story of the Indian immigrant community in Detroit, where a garage mechanic gets unwillingly involved in the criminal world as a getaway driver. Handsome Stranger has agreed to escort Charming Jones to collect her inheritance from her father. But Avery Jones wants the money, and hires notorious outlaw Cactus Jack to ambush Charming. However, Cactus Jack is not very good at robbing people. The mysterious new kid can't escape his history of violence when he becomes hunted by the high school gang led by a corrupt cop. Set in 1988 in Hiroshima, Japan, prior to the enactment of the anti-organized crime law. A rumor exists that Detective Shogo Ogami has ties with the yakuza. He is partnered with Detective Shuichi Hioka and they investigate a missing person case involving a financial company employee. Conflicts between opposing yakuza groups become more serious. Crime film. The untold story of the summer of 2003 at Baylor University that exposes the attempted cover-up, and the corruption that became the most bizarre scandal in college sports history. The year 1829. Nikolay Gogol, a young Third Section clerk, is desperate: his own books seem shallow and mediocre, so he keeps buying entire print runs just to burn them all. He is suffering from violent epileptic seizures and struggles to keep on working. Investigator Yakov Guro accidentally witnesses one such fit and realizes that Gogol's visions contain clues that could help solve actual crimes. Together, Gogol and Guro take on a particularly weird and baffling case that brings them to a small village of Dikanka, where everyone has a huge secret to hide. Lake Tahoe, 1969. Seven strangers, each one with a secret to bury, meet at El Royale, a decadent motel with a dark past. In the course of a fateful night, everyone will have one last shot at redemption. Follow several talented members of the ensemble as they gather in locations across the world, exploring the ways art can both preserve traditions and shape cultural evolution. Two contract killers are hired by competing cartels to hunt down an elusive drug scientist. The scientist escapes, leading to a globetrotting chase and fight for survival. A retiring detective tries to discover the identity of a half charred woman found in front of a District Attorney's boat who is pursuing a child serial killer. The crime of Facundo provokes in Gustavo and Cristina, his parents, an irreparable vacuum. The tragedy demonstrates everything that could not be in the link between Gustavo and son and disarms appearances with his wife; Cristina Gustavo undertakes a desperate attempt to understand his guilt: a tortuous guilt that provokes a deep sense of revenge. You need to find the person responsible for that crime. Five British men have been arrested following some trouble with rival Russians. After being gassed and kidnapped, the group awake and realise they have been taken from their cells and are now trapped in a derelict warehouse with no way of escape. Someone is out for revenge and will stop at nothing to get it. Following the Satmar Hasidic Dynasty, this documentary explores the ultra-orthodox Jewish group's dealings and the corruption that surrounds them. War hero turned villain George Martin escapes from prison, but he is handcuffed to a naive young crook Willie Stannard. After using a clever plan to obtain railway tickets, and with the police, and the press in hot pursuit, George has to find a way of breaking loose from Willie, and to make his escape. Ojukokoro tells the story of what happens when a broke manager in a money laundering petrol station, decides to rob the petrol station that employs him but along this journey finds out that there are different kinds of criminals that are also interested in the same cash. Gil Kyle finds himself caught up in the politics and unrest of the American Civil War and soon gets himself framed for a murder. His only alibi is Candace Bronson, who is aiding the Confederate cause and has left the territory to deliver a vital message about a Yankee gold shipment. So he sets off in pursuit, running into desperados, government agents, and guerrilla fighters, who are more interested in profit than ideals. Written by Alfred Jingle  A man is murdered, but the person responsible avoids being discovered and arrested. A few years later a police inspector suspects he has found evidence in a newly-published book entitled "Amok". Based on the true story of ex-Mexican Mafia member Ramon "Machine Gun Mundo" Mendoza. Brooklyn mobster and prolific hit man Jimmy Conlon has seen better days. Longtime best friend of a mob boss, Jimmy is haunted by the sins of his past--as well as a dogged police detective who's been one step behind Jimmy for 30 years. But when Jimmy's estranged son becomes a target, Jimmy must make a choice between the crime family he chose and the real family he abandoned long ago. Now, with nowhere safe to turn, Jimmy has just one night to figure out exactly where his loyalties lie and to see if he can finally make things right. A teen must resort to extreme measures to protect her family from a supernatural entity. The story of Barry Minkow, a young and charismatic figure in business who reaches CEO status by lying and scheming his way to the top. The character named Banka sets out to take revenge on the minister who betrayed him. The story of Street Lights is based on the life of a Crime Branch police officer, James, who in his pursuit to solve a certain mystery, crosses path with several people and encounters various thrilling events. Will James succeed or fail in his mission and how will he react to the outcome, forms the crux. Alby, who is married to the girl he loves, Sara, against the will of both their families. While the couple leads a romantic life in a residential complex in Kochi, Alby, who is a passionate and hardworking filmmaker, begins to face financial liabilities. Being stressed, he soon gets involved in a thoughtless act and finds himself in an unpredictable situation. Alby's life then begins to go beyond his control.  When his fiancee is kidnapped by human traffickers, Roman and his ex-military brothers set out to track her down and save her before it is too late. Along the way, Roman teams up with Avery, a cop investigating human trafficking and fighting the corrupt bureaucracy that has harmful intentions. Yoon Jae moves to a new high school and starts hanging out with Se Joon, a mysterious student. Needing money for his sickly mother, Yoon Jae accepts a job offer by Se Joon. However, he doesn't exactly know what it is. An undercover police officer attempts to take down a drug trafficking syndicate from the inside. Two first-time filmmakers stop their lives to find out why rhinos are being killed for their horns. Carving out six months for the project, the women quickly find themselves immersed in a world far larger and more dangerous than they had imagined, only emerging from their odyssey four years later. Two contract killer from Uttar Pradesh, Babu Bihari and Banke Bihari who are often paid to bump off the same game, cross each other's path and end up fighting with each other. In the teeming, multicultural metropolis of modern-day London, a seemingly straightforward missing-person case launches a down-at-heel private eye into a dangerous world of religious fanaticism and political intrigue. A taxi driver is found dead, and Hyun-woo, the only witness, charged with a murder and serves 10 years in prison. While offering pro bono services, a lawyer Junyoung meets Hyun-woo, and they begin their journey to prove his innocence.  In medieval England, Merlin and King Arthur banish the evil enchantress Morgana and her son Mordred to the ends of the universe as Morgana vows revenge. In present day, Knights descendant Penn doesn't take much stock in the legends of his supposed ancestors, even as the descendants meet in Thailand to practice fighting. But when Morgana and her son return to earth, armed with alien technology and hell-bent on destroying every last descendant of King Arthur and his knights, Penn must to come to terms with who he was born to be, and bring together the new Knights of the Round Table to save themselves and the earth from Morgana's total vengeance. A powerful and painful quest for justice after the death of 12-year-old Genesis Rincon, killed by a stray bullet in a gang shootout in Paterson, a poor New Jersey town close to New York City. Paramedic Miranda faces an emergency of her own when her 8-year-old daughter Angie is kidnapped by Miranda's estranged father Luke. A young person gets hired to kill someone completely unknown, by someone equally unknown. Or is that true? Nothing is what it seems. A cop's pistol gets stolen and even as the search for it gets underway, it ends up in the hands of someone who uses it to rob a bank.  Speedboat racing champion and multimillionaire, Ben Aronoff (Don Aronow), leads a double life that lands him in trouble with the law and drug lords. Martin Lamotte made his directorial debut with this French comedy. Building contractor Patrick (Sam Karmann) is unaware that Helene (Catherine Frot), his wife for 15 years, intends to celebrate their wedding anniversary with a surprise party. She's invited friends and relatives to spend the weekend at their blue house. Elsewhere down the road, at an identical blue house, Patrick and his other love, Elizabeth (co-scripter Carol Brenner), the mother of his two-year-old daughter, are planning an engagement party for the son of their neighbor. Neither woman knows about the other, and this sticky situation requires Patrick to rush back and forth from one blue house to another throughout the evening. The story is told in flashback by Patrick -- from his hospital bed. A righteous ambulance driver rubs a politician on the wrong side, and the latter decides to teach him a lesson. Marcello, a small and gentle dog groomer, finds himself involved in a dangerous relationship of subjugation with Simone, a former violent boxer who terrorizes the entire neighborhood. In an effort to reaffirm his dignity, Marcello will submit to an unexpected act of vengeance. American housewife Cathy Palmer loses her memory on a trip to Paris after being hit by a car. She wakes up in the hospital believing she's the fictional international spy, Rebecca Ryan. A group of young men try to interpret their friends art, so they can save face and show support. A Drug runner, a prostitute, An excessive cop, and a psychotic vigilante all come crashing together after a group of criminals rip off a local crime boss. Sending everyone spiraling out of control Rightways Down into oblivion. The Queen is an intimate behind the scenes glimpse at the interaction between HM Elizabeth II and Prime Minister Tony Blair during their struggle, following the death of Diana, to reach a compromise between what was a private tragedy for the Royal family and the public's demand for an overt display of mourning. When Mariam, a young Tunisian woman, is raped by police officers after leaving a party, she is propelled into a harrowing night in which she must fight for her rights even though justice lies on the side of her tormentors. Directed by Omar Kavur. Year 1942 in Mexico City, Goyo Cardenas studies biology and has a beautiful girlfriend, but Goyo also has some contained violence about to explode on the brink of World War II. American retired Judge Randall Nemes and his hired gun, Gaspar, track down a con man posing as a priest in a small Colombian town only to be thrown off-course by a scrappy 16-year-old girl intent on reuniting with her sister in the United States.  Somehow, Oopie's become a child prodigy on the Bass Viol, and practices with Scrappy playing along on piano. On the day of his big solo premiere, an accident takes place and Oop's knocked out. Not wishing to disappoint the show's patrons, Scrappy rigs up the unconscious savant with wires like a marionette to simulate a performance. 1921 New York. An immigrant woman is tricked into a life of burlesque and vaudeville until a dazzling magician tries to save her and reunite her with her sister who is being held in the confines of Ellis Island. Uruguay, 1973. Having been crushed by the military dictatorship, surviving members of the Tupamaro guerillas are imprisoned and tortured. They must find a way to endure the coming 12 years. The inside story of Alexander Litvinenko's murder in London and the subsequent international manhunt that led to the Kremlin, told in full for the first time, with exclusive access to key individuals. Depression era Kansas. A young gypsy girl struggles to come to terms with her mothers gruesome appearance, but soon discovers the real reason for her disfigurement. Paul Gallico's filmed play explores the camaraderie between a USO girl named Verna (Sissy Spacek) and an American soldier (William Hurt) stationed in Belgium during World War II. This play was produced for television and is part of the Broadway Theatre Archive. It's a wonderful trip to a bygone era with stellar performances from Hurt and Spacek. Pio Amato, a 14 year-old member of a small Romani community in  southern Italian town of Gioia Tauro in Calabria, is in a hurry to grow up. Pio follows his older brother Cosimo everywhere and from him he learns how to hustle and how to navigate the streets of his hometown. One night Pio sets out to prove to his brother that he is as good or better than him but, when things go wrong, a series of events will forever change the way he sees the world. A neo-noir tale of photography and murder. On the verge of fame, Damien Drake abruptly quits his dark photography dubbed, The Death Series. As Damien tries to forget his past, John Godewynn, the biggest fan of the Death Series, emerges hellbent on re-sparking Damien's creativity. John's push quickly spirals into chaos and murder, exposing the shocking secret that led to Damien's self-exile. Kuki Fumihiro is a son from a wealthy zaibatsu (conglomerate) family. His father raises him to become pure evil. Kuki kills his father to protect his adopted sister Kaori.  Afterward, Kuki disappears. He undergoes plastic surgery and takes the identity of Koichi Shintani. He watches Kaori and faces the great evil that exists within the Kuki family. When a young man, down on his luck, learns about his father's killer's parole, it sets off a cat and mouse chase through the hostile desert, searching for a hidden family inheritance. A couple grapples with the difficult, lingering trauma of a sexual assault and must work out how to live with that crime, themselves, and each other. Ram is a photographer and nature lover who travels all around India capturing moments. On a chance visit to his hometown Tanjavur, he goes into his school and begins to walk down memory lane to 1994 when he was a student harboring feelings for his classmate Janu. In 1939, in a French prison camp, Jose Garces of the defeated Spanish Republican army raises the spirits of his fellow prisoners by telling the story of the year he was 8 years old, 1911, in a small town in northeastern Spain. He was a rascal, baffling his father, always in trouble, and in love with Valentina, a neighbor girl. On his roof top at night he sends semaphore messages to her. He writes poems. He gets them into trouble, killing her father's breeding pigeons. When the two families camp at a decaying castle, his tutor, a sympathetic priest, tells him about the most valiant men, the saints, the heroes, and the poets. Already a poet, he learns a lesson about being a hero. At the crossroads of two great ancient empires, a simple shepherd named David transforms into a powerful warrior and takes on a terrifying giant. One of history's most legendary battles is retold in a stylistic, bloody tale of courage and faith. Abstract short Disgraced by the ill-fated drug sting, ex-cop Dae-ho lives in Busan as a unofficial sheriff and looks after the town. Meanwhile, new businessman in town Dong-jin wins townspeople's favor to start a beach resort, which becomes a huge hit. Dae-ho recalls that Dong-jin was somehow involved in the drug sting and begins an investigation, suspecting that he's also involved in a drug case that took place recently. Major crimes unit detective Seong-jin arrests Tae-sung for petty crimes, but shocked to find out that he is the notorious serial killer. However, Seong-jin becomes doubtful of his identity as the serial murder case is investigated. 01. Intro Alicia's Prayer (A Capella) [1:11]  02. Karma [2:10]  03. Heartburn [3:03]  04. A Woman's Worth [3:30]  05. Unbreakable [4:34]  06. How Come You Don't Call Me [5:23]  07. If I Was Your Woman [4:04]  08. If I Ain't Got You [4:06]  09. Every Little Bit Hurts [4:01]  10. Streets Of New York (City Life) [7:35]  11. Wild Horses (Featuring Adam Levine) [6:04]  12. Diary [5:33]  13. You Don't Know My Name [3:35]  14. Stolen Moments [5:14]  15. Fallin' [5:10]  16. Love It Or Leave It Alone (Featuring Mos Def and Common)/Welcome To Jamrock (Featuring Damian Marley, Mos Def, Common and friends) [9:20] On the outs in Hollywood due to the blacklist, director Edward Dmytryk briefly operated in England in the late 1940s. Though filmed in its entirety in London, Dmytryk's Give Us This Day is set in New York during the depression. Fellow blacklistee Sam Wanamaker is starred as the head of an Italian immigrant family struggling to survive the economic crisis. After coming out of a coma, a woman is relentlessly pursued by a creature. Over the summer of 1976, thirty-six bombs detonate in the heart of Cleveland while a turf war raged between Irish mobster Danny Greene and the Italian mafia. Based on a true story, Kill the Irishman chronicles Greene's heroic rise from a tough Cleveland neighborhood to become an enforcer in the local mob. The lives of three disparate families are illuminated by a meteor shower on a winter night. Yu Chau is a cop who has gone so deep undercover within the triad. He can no longer tell which side of the law he's on. When he accidentally kills one of his pals in an operation, he runs off into the boonies to lick his wounds. Upon his return, he teams up with fellow officers Jim and Jackie to catch a triad Boss, only to unveil collusion with government officials at the highest level. Yu Chau once again faces the dilemma of taking the law into his own hands... This film, photographed in London, is an exploration into the depths of unconscious reactions. A thriller documentary where the director seek answers on why her brother was shot by the Swedish serial killer Peter Mangs. The hunt for a killer draws a detective into an even larger mystery: the nature of the universe itself. Mike Hoolihan is an unconventional New Orleans cop investigating the murder of renowned astrophysicist Jennifer Rockwell, a black hole expert found shot to death in her observatory.  As Mike tumbles down the rabbit hole of the disturbing, labyrinthine case, she finds herself grappling with increasingly existential questions of quantum mechanics, parallel universes, and exploding stars - cosmic secrets that may hold the key to unraveling the crime, while throwing into doubt her very understanding of reality.  Awash in dreamlike, neo-noir atmosphere, this one-of-a-kind thriller is both a tantalizing whodunnit and a rich, metaphysical mind-bender. An aspiring documentary filmmaker records the post-college struggles of her best friend. After his sister's dreams are shattered, an angry youngster takes on fraudsters who have commercialised the education sector for their selfish needs. In 2018, in a country that doesn't exist, Dago Cassandra, a small time crook, returns to his kingdom after fifteen years in exile, invested with a divine mission to kill the twelve apostles of Lucifer, represented by the pyramid of power - An extremely dangerous mission, especially when their is a price on your head. When Ross is diagnosed with terminal brain cancer and given six weeks to live, his newly engaged older brother Seth offers to spend his $50,000 wedding fund on a final trip of a lifetime. Their plans are complicated when Ross invites a call girl to join the group and Seth's uptight fiancee insists on tagging along. This raucous road trip comedy features hip-hop star Asher Roth. A gritty crime saga which follows the lives of an elite unit of the LA County Sheriff's Dept. and the state's most successful bank robbery crew as the outlaws plan a seemingly impossible heist on the Federal Reserve Bank. Based on the bestselling novel by Donato Carrisi, THE GIRL IN THE FOG is a gripping and chilling thriller that brings us to a hazy mountain village where enigmatic Detective Vogel is investigating on the sudden disappearance of fifteen-year-old Anna Lou. But with the case at the heart of a media storm, the fine line between the police and criminals begins to blur and soon everyone becomes a suspect. Female born, Teena Brandon adopts his male identity of Brandon Teena and attempts to find himself and love in Nebraska. To escape his life of crime, a Paris drug dealer takes on one last job involving Spain, unhinged gangsters, his longtime crush and his scheming mother. Won-Sool is an adult man with cerebral palsy. His daughter Jaya is his pride and joy. Jaya though is bullied at school and even worse things happen to her. Won-Sool later decides to get revenge on his daughter's tormentors.  The movie is based on a true story about a repented gangster preaching the word of God and guiding his brotherhood to turn over a new leaf.  Chen once was the leader of the famous gang "The 13 Tsz Wan Shan", he lost his family, lovers, brothers and finally ended up imprisoned for his drug abuse and trafficking. After jail, he devoted himself to save the lost fellows and was selected as "The JCI Hong Kong Ten Outstanding Young Persons".  Being respected by the world, Chen is always asked to solve the most difficult situations between evil and good. People give him a nickname "The Fixer". However, there are two sides of a coin, Chen can work out any problem of others, but he does not know how to deal with his personal knot with his love, with whom he has had guilty conscience all his life.  Can he fix it eventually? An ace police crisis negotiator, Chae-yoon, is called to the scene where her supervisor is taken hostage. Through the control room monitor, she is faced with the cold-blooded hostage taker, Tae-gu, whose demeanors are difficult to interpret. Against the 21-hour deadline Tae-gu has set, Chae-yoon tirelessly tries to crack the unusually calm perp over multiple video-calls. Eventually, the shocking truth begins to unveil. A young burnout couple enters the dangerous world of dream farming, a counter-economy in which the impoverished sell their dreams to the wealthy. When a childhood friend from Miami gets killed after he comes to warn of encroaching drug gangs, Baaba moves to Miami and teams up with a local officer to bring down the criminals. In action/comedy "You've Got Murder", homicide detectives are tasked to solve a very different case. The serial killer keeps creating crime scenes that are ridiculously decorated with paints, markings and poems everywhere. The team begin solving the most mysterious murder case of the country, using the most wrong methods. Disgraceful situations, never ending murders and a forbidden love affair among the team mix together, causing everyone to go crazy. Busan, South Korea, 1970s. Lee Doo-sam is a small-time smuggler. After helping a drug gang to smuggle meth, he falls into the dark crime world. Quick-witted and full of ambition, he eventually takes over the drug underworld and starts to lead a double life: a good community leader during the day but an infamous drug lord during the night. Copenhagen, Denmark, 2018. A frightening discovery is made in an old apartment. The subsequent investigation of Department Q members leads them to an infamous institution for girls that was suddenly closed in the early sixties.  Joan Burrows returns to her hometown for her niece's graduation, only to be confronted by the serial killer she thought she offed years ago -- after he kidnapped and tormented her and her best friend. Chong er and San yuan, who are gangsters, lived in a small city northeast of China. They felt lost and confused about the future. San worked at a factory. He and Chong helped Qi ge, the gang leader, to collect debt. Chong despised his vocation and wanted to become a cross talk actor. Lei fu, an entrepreneur, looked down upon Qi. Qi did nothing considered the scale and influence of Lei's company. Lei's project failed thanks to San. He was furious. The dispute was ended through the mediation of his old friends. San was beaten, and his hatred grew deeper. Chong's life was not as good as expected. The money he saved for learning cross talk was not in use. Qi finally got a chance to defeat Lei. However, there was no real winner in this battle. Lei's company went bankrupt. San kept on living an aimless life, while Chong left the small city and kept on pursuing his cross talk dream. Follows the story of Arjuna after he is reborn as Kannappa and attains salvation. A lazy law school grad adopts a kid to impress his girlfriend, but everything doesn't go as planned and he becomes the unlikely foster father. Samantha and daughter Blake invite Chloe, a foreign exchange student from Britain, into their California home. The two girls become close friends but Samantha's uneasiness begins with the suspicious death of Blake's boyfriend. Samantha sets out to prove her daughter's innocence, discovering Chloe's ultimate plan is to "adopt" Samantha as her "mum". The innovative direction of Robert Siodmak lifts the inexpensive imitation-Hitchcock Fly By Night well above the ordinary. Richard Carlson plays young intern Jeff Burton, who impulsively offers a lift to an odd-looking gentlemen (Miles Mander). It soon turns out that Jeff's passenger is an inventor has just escaped from a shady sanitarium, where he has been held prisoner by Nazi spies. The main theme of the movie revolves around four bachelors. The story follows an incident that leads to unforeseen and dramatic changes in their lives  When a young girl is kidnapped by forces of evil, only an escaped convict can save her...and prevent the apocalypse. It's 1929 on the vast, desert-like, Eastern Arrernte Nation lands that are now known as the Central Australian outback. Sam Kelly, a middle-aged Aboriginal man, works the land of a kind preacher, Fred Smith. After an ill-tempered bully arrives in town and Kelly kills him in self-defence, he and his wife go on the run as a posse gathers to hunt him down. Agriculture and its perspective in modern times. The change from farmers to energy supplier raise questions. Are we doing the right thing? A man returns to his Appalachian homestead. On the trip, he falls for a young woman. The only problem is her family has vowed to kill every member of his family. Based on a true story, a community is rocked by the double-homicide of a prominent couple and the local police struggle to find the killer. As a darkness settles over the town, Albert, the new resident pastor must help his church and family overcome the aftershocks by providing stability, healing and hope while his wife Aimee must come to grips with her own fear through her faith. Yoshie is arrested as the suspect in three murders. The victims were men who were in their 20's, 30's and 40's. All three of the men killed were handsome and rich. Even though there is no direct evidence that Yoshie killed the three men, people and media suspect Yoshie killed the men. Yoshie's testimony is unexpected. She explains that the all three men were in love with her...  Achilles, a normal man infected with a disease that will bring down the Erebus rulers (human/machine hybrids) escapes back in time from 2410 to the present day where he has a chance to stop the Erebus from ever rising to power. However he is followed by the Erebus-7 who will stop at nothing to hunt him down. The film follows Doru and Mihai, boys from Iasi, Romania, over the course of a couple of days, during which they smoke weed, eat ciorba and mistakenly shoot their dealer's grandmother. When a string of violent, drug-related crimes rock the seedy Puppet Town neighborhood, Herbie, a puppet cop, must work together with his hapless human partner Sanchez to track down the dangerous puppet drug dealer Rainbow Brown, who will stop at nothing in becoming the most powerful criminal in the city. A young rape victim tries desperately to pick up the pieces of her life, only to find herself at the mercy of a would-be rescuer. When a worldwide plot to divert gold which was placed in central banks all across North America is investigated, Pierre Gauthier is summoned to lead the inquiry. Gauthier however is soon betrayed, and finds himself going head to head with the "capo" of Montreal Mafia. JJ, aka John Shaft Jr., may be a cyber security expert with a degree from MIT, but to uncover the truth behind his best friend's untimely death, he needs an education only his dad can provide. Absent throughout JJ's youth, the legendary locked-and-loaded John Shaft agrees to help his progeny navigate Harlem's heroin-infested underbelly. 15-year-old freshman Charlie is a wallflower, always watching life from the sidelines, until two charismatic senior students become his mentors. Free-spirited Sam and her stepbrother Patrick help Charlie discover the joys of friendship, first love, music and more, while a teacher sparks Charlie's dreams of becoming a writer. A young boy (Jay) and a girl (Vedika) happen to meet in the tourist town of Goa. They spend some time together and realise that they are perfect for each other. However life has other plans. Many years later, in Mumbai, they cross each other. But the memory of their time together is so distant, it takes a while for Jay to recollect. By the time he remembers, she is lost in the crowd. What happens when two strangers meet for some time and realise they are perfect for each other? What if life has other plans? Would you wait for your destined perfect other, or would you move on? Limitless lies, betrayals and temptations revealed by an accidental car crash. A huge storm is about to happen in Taipei and we're all inside it! The shocking story of Joel Rifkin, a troubled young man whose hidden fantasies of power and control combined with his obsessive dedication to prostitutes led him to embark on one of the New York area's most notorious murder sprees, claiming seventeen victims in the late eighties and early nineties. Tells the story of various Roman prostitutes. Se-ran (Choi Ji-hee), the mistress of Hyeon-ma (Nam Koong-won), lives in a massive traditional-style house called "Blue Mansion"in the suburbs of Seoul with her sister Mi-ran (Yoon So-ra) and their maid (Yeo Wun-gye). One day, Hyeon-ma comes to the house with his newly-employed male secretary Dan-ju (Hah Myung-joong). Science fiction has become a reality in our modern criminal justice system. A term originally coined by science fiction author Philip K. Dick, "pre-crime" is a policing technique now used in both the US and Europe to identify "hot people"--those most likely to be victims or perpetrators of a crime. Forecasting software and algorithms that have been criticized as inaccurate and arbitrary are used to collect information, and monitor and flag people. But predictive tools are only as good as the data they're fed. With scant evidence of the reliability of the data sources or the accuracy of the data crunching, misfires are a guarantee. In this chilling and explosive in-depth examination into the modern age of policing, directors Monika Hielscher and Matthias Heider pose an important question: How much freedom and human awareness are we willing to give to the limited logic of technology? Three hi-tech burglars, who lose their jobs because of a business tycoon, set out to take revenge against him. Patricia Arquette stars as American widow Laura Bowman, a young doctor who's unwittingly drawn into political turmoil while vacationing in Burma in the late 1980s, in this fictionalized drama based on actual events. Bowman initially left San Francisco with her sister (Frances McDormand) in an attempt to escape painful memories of her husband and son's violent deaths. But her fight to escape to Thailand could prove just as harrowing. Graduation film from Kingston University. The sordid lives of an addict, an ex-con, and a luchador collide when an organ harvesting caper goes very, very wrong. In an effort to control the city the Mayor opens the doors to the Russian Mob. It is not long until he realizes they aren't going to follow his rules. To fix the problem he accepts an offer to set up the Russians and open the door for the Cartel. When the Russians find out they take the Mayors Daughter and then the real games begin. Franck Chaievski and Nina Delgado are two undercover detectives of a French special force trying to identify two corrupts members of the Paris Police Force. Franck is pretending to be a gangster and Nina a prostitute living with him, and involved in a robbery of a fortune in diamonds, having seven deaths and some injured persons. The year is 1984. When a gang takes over the streets, it's up to Inspector's Davidson and Reynolds to restore law and order. While on the case, they discover a modern day Fagin turning street kids into criminals. Sadie, a young female novelist, and an enigmatic woman named Francesca, are enticed by an ex-lover to join him at his Italian villa for a weekend celebration being held to honor the release of Sadie's latest book. Once there, Sadie begins to fear his true intentions as she and Francesca become embroiled in a dangerous game of moral and sexual discovery. A comic book storekeeper, Dae-man, and the legendary homicide detective, Tae-su, who met on previous case quit their jobs to open a private detective agency. Paris, France, early 19th century. The legendary convict Francois Vidocq lives in disguise trying to escape from a tragic past that torments him. When, after an unfortunate event, he crosses paths with the police chief, he makes a bold decision that will turn the ruthless mastermind of the Parisian underworld against him. In 1971, the Detroit Police Department begins operating one of the most controversial decoy police units ever created, after one year of operating, Detroit becomes the city with the highest police-civilian fatal shootings as well as the city with the highest police officer deaths. New Orleans, 1981. Sonny Phillips, just discharged from the Army, returns home. The only life he's known is as a gigolo, working for his mother, but he wants to leave that behind. However, the job his Army buddy promised doesn't materialize, and he can't escape his past. With telecom fraud cases going increasingly rampant, it's a war in the air against invisible enemy in digital network era. The Ministry of Public Security has established a special center focusing on telecom fraud crimes, criminal mastermind Ah-hai and his gang become the key target. Female SWAT team member Xu Xiaotu is sent as an undercover agent to penetrate into Ah-hai's den in Thailand. They has also recruited Ding Xiaotian, a town policeman who has come to Beijing alone for catching criminals. The center is led by Captain Tan Sirong, an experienced police officer who has cracked many telecom fraud cases before.  Amal is a small insignificant town where nothing ever happens, where the latest trends are out of date when they get there. Young Elin has a bit of a bad reputation when it comes to guys, but the fact is that she has never done *it*. Another girl in her school, Agnes, is in love with her but is too shy to do anything about it. For different reasons, Elin ends up at Agnes' birthday party as the only guest. They have a girl's night out together but after that Elin desperately avoids Agnes, refusing to even consider her own homosexuality. Stephanie, a dedicated mother and popular vlogger, befriends Emily, a mysterious upper-class woman whose son Nicky attends the same school as Miles, Stephanie's son. When Emily asks her to pick Nicky up from school and then disappears, Stephanie undertakes an investigation that will dive deep into Emily's cloudy past. Frank Drebin is persuaded out of retirement to go undercover in a state prison. There he is to find out what top terrorist, Rocco, has planned for when he escapes. Frank's wife, Jane, is desperate for a baby.. this adds to Frank's problems. A host of celebrities at the Academy awards ceremony are humiliated by Frank as he blunders his way trying to foil Rocco. A serial killer is murdering school girls, and a newbie cop has to track him down before the victim count increases. A hardnosed cop goes after a gang of ruthless dacoits who have been terrorising residents along the highway for a decade. What if you had to wake up on the same day over and over? What if that day was the day your family was murdered? Could you stop it?  Bertram's uncle, a petty criminal, hurls him and the whole family into the kidnapping of a rich man's son to get money for a new flat after they've been kicked out by the bailiff. But things don't go quite as planned. The film is an action-packed gangster comedy for the whole family, a kind of "Ocean's Eleven" for children and the young at heart. A Metro Family decides to fight a Cyber Criminal threatening their stability and pride. After spending a stint locked up Jake returns home to find himself teaming up with Mack Terrors group of vigilantes in an effort to to save the girl and the city he loves, from a band of evil neo-nazi. Sathya Harishchandra, a young and whacky person, falls in love. The movie follows the love story of the young lad and answers if the prankster ever becomes serious about romance in his life. A man in the witness protection program struggles with his crumbling home life, while two hitmen from his old neighborhood hunt him down. Leningrad, February 1942. A German air raid has destroyed Block A of the Institute of Experimental Medicine where lethal viruses are researched. The containers with those viruses have disappeared. Severe frosts prevent the outbreak of an epidemic in the besieged city. However, spring is approach- ing and the thaw will set in soon. A young lady doctor, Maritskaya, and an NKVD officer have only 72 hours to prevent a disaster. Life and death, love and betrayal are interlaced in the rapidly unfolding events... An unofficial sequel to Streets of Fire, this movie follows an older, grizzled and despondent Cody as he clashes with killers while trying to reconnect with his first love who may hold his redemption. After the brutal slaying of her teenage son, Janet Connors reaches out to her son's killer to offer a chance for forgiveness. They team up with a group of mothers of murdered children to help young people in their community break the chain of violence and revenge. Mike is a fun-loving youngster who falls for Sowmya. At one point, the elope from their houses only to get married with the help of their friends. Things turn an ugly turn, when Mike runs a the ruthless serial killer Pasupathy on the wrong side.  Pasupathy and his associates who take them as his hostages and start torturing the young couple. Meanwhile the city police led by senior officer Jayaprkash are entrusted with the job of eliminating Pasupathy. What happens in their lives forms the rest. A romantic youngster, who manages to have several relationships with pretty girls, realises his mistakes and finally decides to settle down in life by marrying one among them. A hardcore American racist skinhead who, because of his intelligence, leads a gang dedicated to fighting the enemy: the supposed American-Jewish conspiracy for domination. However, he's hiding a secret: he's Jewish-born, a brilliant scholar whose questioning of the tenets of his faith has left him angry and confused, turning against those who he thinks have a tragic history of their own making. An all-expenses-paid international search for a rare copy of the book, 'The Nine Gates of the Shadow Kingdom' brings an unscrupulous book dealer deep into a world of murder, double-dealing and satanic worship. Escape from Alcatraz tells the story of the only three men ever to escape from the infamous maximum security prison at Alcatraz. In 29 years, the seemingly impenetrable federal penitentiary, which housed Al Capone and "Birdman" Robert Stroud, was only broken once - by three men never heard of again. When a series of murders occur in Kanghwa Island, Detective K and his partner are once again called upon to solve the case. Along the way, he teams up with a beautiful woman with amnesia and together they discover Vampire bite marks on all the bodies. As they investigate further, they realize that the woman is somehow closely connected to the deaths. A gory dark comedy about an architect named Carlota who must save her ex-girlfriend, Barbara, from a band of misfit kidnappers. The son of a rich dug lord is left in charge of the narcotics business for some time but ends up driving the business to the ground. How the cinema industry does not respect the author's work as it was conceived, how manipulates the motion pictures in order to make them easier to watch by an undemanding audience or even how mutilates them to adapt the original formats and runtimes to the restrictive frame of the television screen and the abusive requirements of advertising. Followed by "Filmmakers in Action." "Black Ghost" is a crime/thriller set in modern day Perth, Australia. Following the life of an ex-commando living in a city that is controlled by criminals; The Northside Crew, The Reapers and The Regittis. Because he is a thug for hire, he becomes an outsider as he makes his living carrying out contracts for the highest bidder. Although he is a muscle for hire he made himself a promise to stop killing. He accepts a contract from the daughter of a prominent couple who have been murdered. Black Ghost must embark on a game of cat and mouse to find the killer or killers and complete his contract. The question is, will he break his golden rule and kill to find the answers? Shot in a single, continuous take. A woman embeds herself in a white-power group in an effort to find her adoptive African-American mother. But one night, after the group returns from a rally, the members put Blaze's allegiance to a severe test. A father brings up his baby girl as a single dad after the unexpected death of his wife who died a day after their daughter's birth. After a spate of mysterious disappearances in 1950s Krakow, young investigator Karski believes he's on the trail of a vicious serial killer. When his investigation points to wealthy and respected playboy Wladyslaw Mazurkiewicz,Karski finds himself up against his own supervisors, a mysterious woman and the hypnotic charms of Beautiful Wladek himself. Erin Bell is an LAPD detective who, as a young cop, was placed undercover with a gang in the California desert with tragic results. When the leader of that gang re-emerges many years later, she must work her way back through the remaining members and into her own history with them to finally reckon with the demons that destroyed her past. Shaun Russell takes her son and daughter on a weekend getaway to her late father's secluded, high-tech vacation home in the countryside. The family soon gets an unwelcome surprise when four men break into the house to find hidden money. After managing to escape, Shaun must now figure out a way to turn the tables on the desperate thieves and save her captive children. What do you do when you are two young hot transgenders with nothing to do on Halloween? You accepted an initiation to a private swingers ball. Clad only in lingerie eight strangers gather for a nightt of sex, drugs, booze and of course murder. Unknown to the attendees their separate fates are all entwined when more than one serial killer stalks the errie halls looking for bloody revenge. A serial killer who works in an ice house murders women, then brings their bodies back to the ice house and stores them there. He also murders his brother, who is a cop, and takes his place in the investigation. A 1980s crime tale based on true events concerning the Dixie Mafia. The affaire of a married Palestinian man and a married Israeli woman in Jerusalem takes a dangerous political dimension when they are spotted in the wrong place at the wrong time leaving them to deal with more than their broken marriages. A young teacher inspires her class of at-risk students to learn tolerance, apply themselves, and pursue education beyond high school. After a tense few months following a miscarriage and an unemployment spell, things are finally looking up for Sean (Kevin Sizemore) and Lisa Miller (Elizabeth Harnois) when Sean lands his dream job at an advertising firm. But when Sean's assistant, Jen (Cerina Vincent), his self-proclaimed "Work Wife," begins vying for his affection, it soon becomes clear that she will stop at nothing to rip their marriage apart and claim him as her own. Sao Paulo, Brazil. Isabel, a 25-year-old girl, is kidnapped. The first ATM the criminals try to withdraw money from is broken. It's almost 10:00pm. The kidnappers realize they will not be able to get to the next one on time. What was meant to be an express kidnapping becomes an all-night imprisonment. Iravum Pagalum Varum in an Indian Tamil film released on Mar 13th 2015 A commoner is thrown into a jail cell on suspicion of murder of a local politician. Can he survive the State entrapment, or did he actually do it? It's the most exciting time of year at Third Street Elementary-- the end of the School Year! But boredom quickly sets in for protagonist TJ Detweiler, as his friends are headed for Summer Camp. One day, while passing by the school on his bike, he notices a green glow coming from the school's auditorium. This is the work of the insidious ex-principal of Third Street, Phillium Benedict and his gang of ninjas and secret service look-alikes! Benedict is planning to get rid of Summer Vacation using his newly-acquired Tractor Beam, which he stole from the US Military Base in an effort to raise US Test Scores, and it's up to the Recess Gang to stop him! After a botched robbery, a local crime syndicate sends a rookie enforcer to take care of a loose end. When the hit goes sideways and his civilian girlfriend ends up missing, her brother, Rodd, a mild-mannered guidance counselor, conducts an exhaustive search through the city to find her. With the support of a martial artist instructor, Bruce, the pair consistently becomes overwhelmed by a violent outfit of criminals looking to silence them. However, Rodd has a mysterious and dangerous past of his own, and with the help of his friend, they formulate a plan to take on the organization in this nail-biting action thriller. A morally bent detective  has one of the worst days of his life after he tries to cover up an accidental crime. The Hong Kong police is hunting a counterfeiting gang led by a mastermind code-named "Painter" . The gang possesses exceptional counterfeiting skills which makes it difficult to distinguish the authenticity of its counterfeit currency. The scope of their criminal activities extends globally and greatly attracts the attention of the police. In order to crack the true identity of "Painter", the police recruits a painter named Lee Man to assist in solving the case. Detective Kaniyan Poonkundran is hungry for a challenging case to investigate and the mystery of a murdered dog leads to a rival who could be the match for him. Keen young Raymold Avila joins the Internal Affairs Department of the Los Angeles police. He and partner Amy Wallace are soon looking closely at the activities of cop Dennis Peck whose financial holdings start to suggest something shady. Indeed Peck is involved in any number of dubious or downright criminal activities. He is also devious, a womaniser, and a clever manipulator, and he starts to turn his attention on Avila. In this "cops and robbers" film, a raid on a jewelry store staged by a band of amateur hold-up artists goes horribly wrong, leading to a shoot-out. The elite Organized Crime Bureau team, headed by Captain Ching King Gen, is poised to go into action at a moment's notice. Working as a unit, they bring law and order to Hong Kong streets, where they must rely on their courage and skills to survive. In the run-up to the 1972 elections, Washington Post reporter Bob Woodward covers what seems to be a minor break-in at the Democratic Party National Headquarters. He is surprised to find top lawyers already on the defense case, and the discovery of names and addresses of Republican fund organizers on the accused further arouses his suspicions. After the editor of the Post runs with the story and assigns Woodward and Carl Bernstein to it, they find the trail leading higher and higher in the Republican Party--and eventually into the White House itself. A politician sends a bagful of money with his driver intending to distribute it to the people of his constituency in exchange for their votes. A few individuals plot to steal the money. What happens next? Charles Bronson is out for revenge in this action drama. Jackie Pruit (Jill Ireland) is the girlfriend of notorious gangster Joe Bomposa (Rod Steiger). When it looks as if Jackie's life is being threatened by Bomposa's goons, the FBI moves in to protect her, in hopes that she'll have incriminating evidence that the Bureau can use against Bomposa in court. Veteran agent Charlie Congers (Bronson) is assigned to watch over Jackie, and while it soon becomes obvious that she knows almost nothing about Bomposa that would be of any use to the FBI, he also falls in love with her. However, Bomposa decides that it would be a lot more convenient to have Jackie out of the way, and he orders her to be executed. Bomposa's henchmen manage to slip through FBI security and murder her, but now they have to answer to the angry and vengeful Congers. Buenos Aires, Argentina, 1971. Carlos Robledo Puch is a 19-year-old boy with an angelic face, but a vocational thief as well, who acts ruthlessly, without remorse. When he meets Ramon, they follow together a dark path of crime and death. The blood-soaked tale of a Norse warrior's battle against the great and murderous troll, Grendel. Heads will roll. Out of allegiance to the King Hrothgar, the much respected Lord of the Danes, Beowulf leads a troop of warriors across the sea to rid a village of the marauding monster. An ex-thief returns for the revange of his father's murder makes an intelligent plan to reach the killer, a godfather named as Ghost. During his robbery operations, he plays with the police chief who is trying to stop him. In his final robbery, he finds something different than what he expects, something bigger. A campus urban legend myth comes true when fraternity brothers start to get killed off one by one by the infamous serial killer who used to live in the fraternity house 25 years ago. The fears and consequences of the con life are explored when Two Con-Artist from the Southside of Chicago Hustle the Russian Mafia. Their street skills are put to the test when they are given 14 days to pay 2 Million dollars in restitution. Now unconstrained by an official post, Steve Bannon is free to peddle influence as a perceived kingmaker, who some say still has a direct line to the White House. After anointing himself leader of the "populist movement," he travels around the U.S. and the world spreading his hard-line anti-immigration message. Drama about a former police officer who's framed for murder and a young boy who attempts to help him clear his name. A delightful dark comedy about a group of girls who accidentally kill someone. Seven young female criminals, led by an over-enthusiastic social worker, work off community service hours by collecting garbage in a haunted forest when they accidentally kill someone. Flashbacks tell their backstories in a mix of folk-horror and teen comedy. A couple that seems perfect is hiding big secrets from each other. They are all revealed after they meet a psychotic psychologist. Goldie, a small time smuggler of Barhabise who is in need of a profiting consignment to recover from his current bankruptcy. He gets an emergency call from a local smuggler and businessman of the area to rescue a Tibetan girl and her transporter illegally from one of the sub-border point to Barhabise. A shy and insecure delivery truck driver accidentally arrives on the scene of a major crime and happens to pick up two bags of cash and hides them in his truck. Though an interrogation of two tough police detectives isn't enough, the guy, who has a doctor's degree in philosophy which makes his mind mingle with remorse, must find a way to get rid of this dirty money. Only the help of a prostitute and a former biker who came out of jail might get him out of trouble, especially that a gang leader is very weary to get his cash back or kill whoever is responsible for this mess. However, even the two bumbling detectives are monitoring the case as well. Ivo is a former pro footballer and jailbird with nothing to lose. He is a betting natural and his talent and background attract the interest of Dejan, the leader of a dangerous underworld family. A gifted criminal profiler, Fang Mu was asked to assist the police in solving a bizarre campus serial killing. Working together with Police Captain Tai Wei, Fang Mu tries to crack down the murder cases, but he unknowingly gets embroiled in a battle of wits. Harry Grady and Jerry West are two key witnesses in the judicial process followed against mob boss Powder Chan, who has ordered his henchmen to eliminate them; once removed, even the people closest to the boss die one by one.  The documentary, " Death and the Judge", revolves around Iran's most famous criminal judge, Azizmohammadi. He served as a criminal judge for 45 years and issued about 4500 death sentences; a record in not only Iran, but also the world. This documentary looks into his personal and professional life as he is followed within his home with his family, in the court of law, and in his retirement days. The ultimate purpose of the documentary is to deduce the role of death in the judge's life as he either takes life away from criminals or death comes to his loved ones. During his retirement, he is once again given the choice between the life and death of a person, despite no longer being a judge. The story of America's most famous mobsters and their rise to power. Examine Al Capone's ascension through the eyes of his second in command, "Machine Gun" Jack McGurn. Bitter Melon is a "home for the holidays" dark comedy where a Filipino-American family plots to kill an abusive member. Collin must make it through his final three days of probation for a chance at a new beginning. He and his troublemaking childhood best friend, Miles, work as movers, and when Collin witnesses a police shooting, the two men's friendship is tested as they grapple with identity and their changed realities in the rapidly-gentrifying neighborhood they grew up in. Two gangsters kidnap a psychic to find out where the man they murdered buried the loot. A group of swindlers unite to hunt down an infamous con man who was known dead, amid their hidden motives and deception. In this corrupted world Youth have a lot of reasons to turn into criminals but when you have someone special you love there will be much more consequences that needs to be faced.Story revolves around two protagonists. Brooklyn mobster and prolific hit man Jimmy Conlon has seen better days. Longtime best friend of a mob boss, Jimmy is haunted by the sins of his past--as well as a dogged police detective who's been one step behind Jimmy for 30 years. But when Jimmy's estranged son becomes a target, Jimmy must make a choice between the crime family he chose and the real family he abandoned long ago. Now, with nowhere safe to turn, Jimmy has just one night to figure out exactly where his loyalties lie and to see if he can finally make things right. Following his defeat by Master Ip, Cheung Tin Chi (Zhang) tries to make a life with his young son in Hong Kong, waiting tables at a bar that caters to expats. But it s not long before the mix of foreigners, money, and triad leaders draw him once again to the fight. The original Guess Who perform before a live audience in Toronto during their 1983 reunion tour. Included are interview segments which highlight each bandmember's solo career, and spirited performances of "Shakin' All Over," "These Eyes," "No Time," "American Woman" and more. A young married couple who are pregnant with their first child moves into their turn-of-the-century home where they discover that a great evil has resided there for nearly a century, unleashed by a previous occupant. When her husband abruptly ends their marriage, empty nester Kate embarks on a solo second honeymoon in Africa, finding purpose and potential romance. The worst thing to be a prostitute is not be able to say no. In Norway on 22 July 2011, right-wing terrorist Anders Behring Breivik murdered 77 young people attending a Labour Party Youth Camp on Utoya Island outside of Oslo. This three-part story will focus on the survivors of the attacks, the political leadership of Norway, and the lawyers involved. The life of a young Jesuit seminarian is turned upside down when he falls in love with a young woman while working as a volunteer at a soup kitchen. Spy spoof about Boysie Oakes, a British secret agent who specialises in Liquidating. In actual fact he contracts out the work and pretends it is was himself. This leads to complications. Cultivating Murder is a portrait of a devastated family, a murderer and a divided rural community on the front lines of the battle over global warming and land clearing.  Desperate to find a subject for his next novel, Ernesto Navarro follows the tracks of a mysterious killer, a man obsessed with drinking human blood and becoming immortal. A story about Portuguese in Canada from 1953 to 2003. Goodnight, Charlene is a crime fiction/ thriller set in a Far West Texas border town. A local mechanic is in the fight of his life when his two-timing wife and her boyfriend hatch a plot with the town's corrupt mayor and local law to murder him for profit. After getting blamed for spoiling Christmas, the richest kid in the world wishes he'd never been born. Unfortunately, a wishing machine, invented by professor Keenbean, picked up the wish and made it come true. Now Richie finds himself in a parallel world where his only hope is to find professor Keenbean and the wishing machine so he can wish things back to normal. Written by Peter Huiskes Set in China's underworld, this tale of love and betrayal follows a dancer who fired a gun to protect her mobster boyfriend during a fight. On release from prison 5 years later, she sets out to find him. After three hapless souls plan a big heist, things go hysterically wrong along the way. While trying to get their lives back on track after the loss of their four year old son, Bryn and Paul Shaw move to the charming old Beacon Apartments. Bryn begins seeing a ghostly little boy skulking around the building. With the help of an eccentric young professor and a tough old beat cop, Bryn tries to uncover the details of the boy's death. On another planet in the distant past, a Gelfling embarks on a quest to find the missing shard of a magical crystal and restore order to his world, before the grotesque race of Skeksis find and use the crystal for evil. In a country in deep crisis, two worlds collide: the bourgeois milieu of an intellectual psychiatrist, and the humbler, but no less ambitious world of a beautiful working class actress. They fall in love, but they will soon have to face reality.  The global war on terror rages on. When a government official goes missing, Lance, a man with an impressive record of service to his country, finds himself protecting the man who embodies everything he has dedicated his life to fight against. Adapted from a popular Chinese Crime Fiction Campus novel.  After receiving a heart transplant, Xia, who is a mathematical genius and studies in Nanyang University, is wrapped in the mist of a murder. With the help from University colleague Qin, she gradually realises that this is an insane scheme of organ trafficking manipulated by subtle mathematical calculations. What is more, a terrifying secret is also hidden inside Xia's new heart. Two women, one from the United States and one from the United Kingdom, swap homes at Christmastime after bad breakups with their boyfriends. Each woman finds romance with a local man but realizes that the imminent return home may end the relationship. A middle-aged professor's young bride and his assistant plan to commit a double murder disguised as a "Crime Passionel", but discover too late that one of their intended victims has become a fellow conspirator. A filmmaker stands trial when a costume assistant on his movie accuses him of rape Derick Abraham, a fiery and dutiful police officer, continues to be the best officer until his brother Philip Abraham gets arrested for false murder charges. Will he be able to investigate the case and serve justice to his brother? Colorado Springs, late 1970s. Ron Stallworth, an African American police officer, and Flip Zimmerman, his Jewish colleague, run an undercover operation to infiltrate the Ku Klux Klan. In the spring of 2009 two Norwegian adventurers, Joshua French and Tjostolv Moland, are accused of killing their hired chauffeur just before crossing into the eastern Congo. The following manhunt starts a political and diplomatic headache. The sudden reappearance of the young Vera in a coastal village makes Jordi decide to undertake the search for his father, who has been presumed dead for over twenty years. When 15-year-old MAGNEA meets STELLA, everything changes. Stella's no-holds-barred lifestyle drags them both into a world of drugs, which brings serious consequences for each of them, and their relationship. Twelve years later their paths cross again, and a reckoning between them becomes unavoidable. After fighting his way through an apartment building populated by an army of dangerous criminals and escaping with his life, SWAT team member Rama goes undercover, joining a powerful Indonesian crime syndicate to protect his family and uncover corrupt members of his own force. A former police officer goes under cover in the mafia. Toto, a teenage orphan, is recruited by a notorious death squad. Irma, the groups leader, soon becomes a maternal figure to the young boy. As the two form a familial bond, their loyalties will be put to the test when one of their targets turns out to be a familiar face. Bella once again finds herself surrounded by danger as Seattle is ravaged by a string of mysterious killings and a malicious vampire continues her quest for revenge. In the midst of it all, she is forced to choose between her love for Edward and her friendship with Jacob, knowing that her decision has the potential to ignite the ageless struggle between vampire and werewolf. With her graduation quickly approaching, Bella is confronted with the most important decision of her life. A 30 Year old woman, a hostess past her time working at a shady club and an aspiring actress living in Tokyo. Betrayed by her lover and her dreams crushed, the broken woman leaves Tokyo for her hometown in the countryside after five years of no contact with her family. There she reconnects with an old flame but is also forced to confront some unpleasant truths about her past. Richard and Kim are helping save historical Los Angeles one crime scene at a time.  The story of journalist, Edward R Murrow's stand against Senator McCarthy's anti-communist witch-hunts in the early 1950s. When a veteran African-American street cop is unjustly convicted for the murder of a violent gang-member, he must take his appeal into his own hands to fight for both his life and freedom. Fellini exposes his great attraction for the clowns and the world of the circus first recalling a childhood experience when the circus arrives nearby his home. Then he joins his crew and travel from Italy to Paris chasing the last greatest European clowns still live in these countries. He also meets Anita Ekberg trying to buy a panther in a circus. An unedited memory card from a camera shows Leah Sullivan's school project about a cold case murder that doesn't seem to be so cold after all. A gritty crime saga which follows the lives of an elite unit of the LA County Sheriff's Dept. and the state's most successful bank robbery crew as the outlaws plan a seemingly impossible heist on the Federal Reserve Bank. A unique individual who collects almost everything reveals some of the darker things he has acquired, including JonBenet Ramsey's Tricycle. An investigation of pop culture, media, tragedy and the items we possess. In a timeless Mexico where women are disappearing, a girl helps her dad, a tormented addict, to take care of an abandoned baseball camp where the narcos gather to play. On a mission to sell his last remaining prize hog and reunite with old friends, an aging farmer abandons his foreclosed farm and journeys to Mexico. After smuggling in the hog, his estranged daughter shows up, forcing them to face their past and embark on an adventurous road trip together. Demonstrators gather to display signs of grief and remembrance of the genocide perpetrated by ISIL on the Yazidis beginning in 2014 commemorated with five minutes of silence. Three gangsters are forced to steal a diamond in exchange for their lives. A young man (Tone) finds a way off the streets when he is introduced to Chicago Style Stepping, his best friend (Dre) on the other hand cannot shake that street mentality. Tone has to make the difficult choice between his friend and his passion for dancing. With her son being held captive by a criminal gang, police-officer Amanda Doyle, together with her ex-husband and three unlikely allies, takes part in a desperate plot to hold a wealthy banker and his family to ransom. But this is no ordinary family. Banesh Fene, a charming, witty and extremely sharp guy with daring nature and an uncanny knack for investigation who comes to Pune for a medical exam, witnesses a shocking incident. He suspects foul play and with the help of his friends Aajoba, Aboli, and Bhubhu, Banesh decides to investigate more about the incident. Soon, he realizes that he has walked himself into trouble as he has to face off against Appa, a cruel criminal. Leyre lives a quiet and comfortable life which ends abruptly when an act of rage of her teenage son leads her to protect him by any means necessary. When three redneck brothers agree to help a woman save her son from an abusive father, they become targets on the run from an odd cast of characters. 'Dream, Scheme and Self-Esteem.' Stricken, but not struck down by a slough of mental illnesses, Jimmy Leung's drive to become an action movie star becomes something of a reality as he and director Ryan Flowers train to become healthy, stable, and make a movie together. When a family of four rent a beautiful house for their summer vacation, the price seems too good to be true. Unbeknownst to them, the lascivious owner has set up a series of spy cams throughout the house, documenting their most intimate moments and live streaming them to the dark web. A group of high school friends discover that they are in the presence of a killer. One of them, Samson, has murdered his girlfriend Jamie. He brags to his friends about killing her, and when they discover he is telling the truth, their reactions vary. The film follows Kamala, a young woman from Chitkul village and her girl child Manya, who embarks on a journey leaving their native land in search for her missing husband. Along this journey she encounters Nawazudin, a free spirited army deserter who helps them to get to their destination with his own selfish motive. Struggling to find a foot in the start-up scene, two aspiring entrepreneurs are entangled in a vicious loop of investigative trials following an unprecedented crime.  The Islander (Edit). The Islander (Full Lenght Video) and Making of "The Islander" - Documentary. The music video was filmed in Rovaniemi, in Finnish Lapland, in October 2007, and Holopainen commented that they at first didn't plan to make a third video for the album, but when they were offered Finnish beauty, they couldn't resist it. He has also said that for once the lyrics actually fits with the video, which is "a sort of Lapp wilderness combined with the surrealism of Salvador Dali". The video features guest musician Troy Donockley.  The video  has a steampunk theme with airships, and features the old sailor (the Islander of the title) walking along a beach through the fog dragging a boat behind him and haunted by ghosts of his past.[2] Later we see him in a flashback as a young man playing the uilleann pipes (portrayed by Troy Donockley) with trees blossoming after he ends his life by dropping anchor and being relieved of his burdens. On Halloween, an all girl rock-n-roll band called "Kill Pussy Kill" ventures out to play their biggest show to date. However, before hitting the road they manage to unwittingly upset a man. Unfortunately, this man turns out to be an evil genius dead set on revenge. The evil genius manages to lure the girls into his Hell House and when they wake up from being gassed, they find themselves trapped inside an inescapable room filled with a vicious variety of devices that can kill them as well as a variety of weapons that can be used on each other. The rules are simple: advance through all three rooms and you are allowed to go free. The catch is, in order to make it to the next room, someone must die! A feature film about Thai gangsters, ghosts and betrayal. Berenice is a dedicated female taxi driver in Rio de Janeiro. She is consumed by her job and the little free time she has needs to be divided between raising her son Thiago, a teenager exploring his sexuality, and her troubled relationship with her husband Domingos, a police reporter. The scars of the worn-out relationship, ruined by her husband's violent outbursts, have erased her femininity and led her into a great existential emptiness. The murder of Isabelle, a beautiful transgender woman, on Copacabana Beach, ignites her investigative side and transforms her life. A love story between a teacher, Daniele, 32 years and one of his students Gerard, 17 during the heated atmosphere of May 68. Daniele is a fiery young woman, very involved politically. Gerard's parents accuse Daniele of statutory rape and complain. Daniele is trapped and the drama begins... When timid bank clerk Stanley Ipkiss discovers a magical mask containing the spirit of the Norse god Loki, his entire life changes. While wearing the mask, Ipkiss becomes a supernatural playboy exuding charm and confidence which allows him to catch the eye of local nightclub singer Tina Carlyle. Unfortunately, under the mask's influence, Ipkiss also robs a bank, which angers junior crime lord Dorian Tyrell, whose goons get blamed for the heist. A serial killer in Payatas leaves the bodies of young boys in the dump as two Jesuit priests try to solve the murders. Echoing through time the words from a speech originally held in 1775 with depth of panoptical dimensions. Barricades of artificial control mechanisms are installed to protect us from our selves - the ever expanding distance between us. Rancorous Call consists of imagery of surveillance cameras arranged in a symphony to Sir Patrick Henry's words uttered at St John's Church in Richmond, USA. Dreams entangle in fiction for Eko, 31, a Japanese who enters a dark world of dreams after publishing an ad to re enact and freely interpret dreams in Tokyo while a parallel investigation of a crime in Tel Aviv in relation to a dream is occupying an israeli detective by the name of Ruven. An aspiring teen thieves learn what it takes to be successful pickpockets on the streets of Bogota Detective Yvonne is the widow of police chief Santi, a local hero in a town on the French Riviera. When she learns he was in fact a crooked cop, she tries to right his wrongs. Crossing paths with Antoine, a victim of Santi, sets off a series of wild events. A hitman in Koreatown meets a Karaoke hostess only to find out she is his next target. After another successful con, two reasonably experienced con-men - Richard and Harry, - come to a conclusion that this has become too easy and even boring and they decide to expand their horizons. A dramatic dance interpretation of Daniel Defoe's novel Roxana. The explosive, inspiring and true story of a savage street fighter who turned his life around fallowing a conversion to Christianity. He felt God's call, and acted upon it, to take the message of Jesus Christ to teenage gangs all over America and beyond. Jacob, a manager at a big financial firm, finds himself behind bars when he tries to save the woman he loves from being involved in a criminal case. The only way for him to survive and to escape was to break out of prison. How he plans and executes the prison break forms the crux of the movie. When Babo and his brother-in-law Memo, who is also part of Cenk's clique, go in search of the alleged culprit Serkan, no one is aware yet of the effects this little dizziness would bring. Serkan is threatened, kidnapped, beaten and no longer moves. Memo panics, feels guilty and laments the dreams he has had for a long time and that he did not want all that. He confesses that he has consumed all the cocaine alone with Cenk and his friends, exposing lies to his brother-in-law. At the end of the film, Babo realizes that he may have killed an innocent man. Recorded and broadcast by British TV (Thames Television) in 1980 with special guests Robert Goulet and Richard Clayderman Is life perfect? It happens. When the spouses have strong, stable relations, connected not only by marriage, but also by the joint business that Tatiana received from her father, and her husband Mark manages all the affairs of the late father-in-law construction company. But if you look into the keyhole and take a closer look, the ideal will suddenly seem imperfect, and a hint of hatred will appear in love and decency. What can break a strong family bond? Passion or deceit? Treason or thirst for vengeance? And if high feelings and low human passions mix up, intertwine and drag on with a strong knot, which can be unleashed only by death? Young single mother Emiko (Saori Seto) uses factory worker Shinnosuke (Amane Okayama) for money. They met through an online dating website and Shinnosuke is completely in love with her. Meanwhile, Emiko's ex-husband is demanding money from her. Oscar(r)-winning filmmaker Barbara Kopple explores the legacy of the 1989 murder of Noreen Boyle in Mansfield, Ohio. Her 12-year-old son Collier gave a devastating videotaped testimony blaming his father for the murder. Now, over two decades later, Collier returns to Ohio seeking to retrace his past and confront his imprisoned father, who remains in denial of his guilt. Collier's depth of character is a wonder to behold from childhood to adulthood. Out of this tragic story, we witness the power of human resilience. Jack Hammond is sentenced to life in prison, but manages to escape. To get away from the police he takes a girl as hostage and drives off in her car. The girl happens to be the only daughter of one of the richest men in the state. In a while the car chase is being broadcast live on every TV-channel. An emotionally troubled teenager gets into a passionate relationship with the older French woman working in his father's house. A tale of people unfolds under the night sky. These doomed couples and lost individuals begin journeys and attempt to find resolution in their lives. Love is observed from a distance, sadness is in the air. With little sympathy for the loss and destruction caused to the characters, the stories progress and become neatly woven into a minimalistic portrayal of modern life. A Victorian-era murder mystery about a parlour maid that discovers that her employer may have killed his first wife. A backwoods babysitter agrees to help an abused mother of two escape her lunatic boyfriend, but his psychotic brother is headed back to the area, and he has a fraught history with everyone involved.  Assigned to deliver a prototype car to a press conference for the Governor, things are complicated by a fraudulent Bandit who ends up stealing Bandit's rig AND the prototype. Now Bandit has to find out who's out to ruin his life and recover the car before the Governor's career is crucified by Big Bob on his radio show and while avoiding a determined Sheriff Buford Enright. The haunted Captain of a Soviet submarine holds the fate of the world in his hands. Forced to leave his family behind, he is charged with leading a covert mission cloaked in mystery. The tentative romance between a gentle Madrid labourer and a working single mother becomes a struggle for survival when the woman's violent boyfriend returns from prison, in the gritty, suspenseful debut feature from Spanish actor Raul Arevalo. Former Colonel Fernandez is appointed Minister of the National Anti-Drug Agency (SENAD) and purges the special forces to fight the first of many battles against drug trafficking on the border of Paraguay and Argentina. Tae-san is a man who truly has everything: money, fame, power and two women he loves: his only daughter, Mira, and his fiancee, Yuna, a chart-topping popstar. He wants them to get along, but Mira doesn't treat kindly her stepmother-to-be. The parents of two young men assassinated in the drug trafficking war, looking to clean the names of their sons accused of being hired assassins armed to the teeth. Before the T.I.C and the Clappers crew were formed, the members worked for a ruthless Yardie boss, Beverly. One of the boys, Jay has ambitions to set up on his own. He has no money, his car keeps getting towed away, every move he makes to get money and lift himself out of the everyday struggle is unsuccessful.  Inspired by his high-flying girlfriend, Selene, he sets about laying the foundations for his own organised crime ring. Things are going seemingly well until he is arrested and Beverley discovers his hidden ambition. An ill-fated robbery after a stint in jail and a trip to Jamaica tears the crew apart. All their actions are being monitored by an undercover police officer who goes by the street name 'Gunz', who has been deployed by the Met Police to ingratiate himself with the crew.  With the same grit, humour and action sequences as its' predecessor, 'THE COME UP' promises to follow 'THE INTENT' in becoming an instant cult classic but with international reach. On a Sunday afternoon, a man is asked to come to the police station to see if he can be of any help in the investigation of the rape and murder of two women. Project Peshawar is a 2017 Pakistani multi-lingual telefilm While investigating a murder case, police commissioner Richard Lenders meets a group of physicists who are supposed to help him decipher the complex formulas found with the corpse. When Lenders and his colleague, however, discover a chip in the victim's head during the autopsy, they are confronted with the absurd possibility that the body might be from a completely different age. Another murder occurs, and there seem to be similarities in the two cases. While the inspectors try to find the murderer, Lenders experiences an increasing desire: could he use the chip to prevent further murders and change his own life story? More than 10 years after the release of Green Day's American Idiot, the 2015 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Inductees present this time capsule rock doc that takes us inside the making of their award-winning punk rock opera. When Sabrina suspects her husband Fletcher's possible infidelity with his numerous business trips to Paris, she discovers he has another wife and reveals illegal business dealings with his father-in-law, which he will stop at nothing to protect. Now it's not only her marriage that's on the line, but her life. Yu, a self-assured factory guard, fancies himself a detective and begins poking his nose into a murder investigation. Liu (Stephen Fung) awaits execution after he is convicted of murdering his friends. According to Chinese superstition, the souls of the dead have 49 days to wander the earth before going to heaven or hell for an eternity. Liu and his lawyer (Gilian Chung) must find a way to intersect with the spirits to prove his innocence. Han Dong adapts his own 1998 novel, about a group of young poets accidentally caught up in an inexplicable dispute with local hoodlums and security guards. The Brazilian upper class portrayed by an artist in a critical mood. The Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) is a most dangerous zone in the world, which was established on July 27, 1953 when the Armistice Agreement was signed during the Korean War. And now in the DMZ... the struggle for survival of the female police who started to step on the landmine while chasing the jailbreaker. She only has Bluetooth, a revolver, and courage! Boozer, skirt chaser, careless father. You could create your own list of reporter Steve Everett's faults but there's no time. A San Quentin Death Row prisoner is slated to die at midnight - a man Everett has suddenly realized is innocent. Gloria returns to her bleak home town after failing as a singer in New York. She falls for a grifter who claims to be the former manager of a famous singer. Her passion for singing is reborn, but she is pushed into uncharted territory. Greg Stump's rockumentary-style ski film inspired a whole new generation of skiers when it was first released in 1988. Taking a look at the heroes of the ski world -- both known and unknown -- Blizzard of Ahhhs features some of the best ski action ever filmed. Pani Makuluwo is a 2017 Sri Lankan Sinhala cyber crime thriller film directed by Isuru Weerasinghe Mudali and produced by U.A. Palliyaguru for Cloud Films. It stars Sanath Gunathilake and Aishara Athukorala in lead roles along with Dineth de Silva and Bangladeshi actress Priota Farelin. Music composed by Nadeeka Guruge. Music composed by Seneth Dayantha. It is the 1275th Sri Lankan film in the Sinhala cinema. After capturing an illegal act of police violence on his cellphone, a Brooklyn street hustler sets off a series of events that alter the lives of a local police officer and a star high-school athlete. Cindy Shank, mother of three, is serving a 15-year sentence in federal prison for her tangential involvement with a Michigan drug ring years earlier. This intimate portrait of mandatory minimum drug sentencing's devastating consequences, captured by Cindy's brother, follows her and her family over the course of ten years. Waitresses Angela and Jessie dream of leaving their low-rent diner and heading to Galveston, Texas. They soon find themselves on the streets of Dallas, trying to come up with increasingly wild schemes to raise some much-needed cash. Career criminal Youngblood Priest wants out of the Atlanta drug scene, but as he ramps up sales, one little slip up threatens to bring the whole operation down before he can make his exit. It's the third edition of Saheb, Biwi Aur Gangster series where it's survival of the wittiest and the wealthiest. Will the royal couple Madhavi Devi and Aditya Pratap Singh live to tell the tale of relentless plotting, scheming and backstabbing? A highly respected priest conspires with his mistress to poison both her husband and his own wife. It is a murder mystery which draws its inspiration from the real-life murders in Kerala and explores how a person can be framed and labelled a criminal, even if there is no solid proof of their guilt. Ash Wednesday is set in the Manhattan of the early 1980's and is about a pair of Irish-American brothers who become embroiled in a conflict with the Irish Mob. Andres Bustamante is a young man who's interviewed under strange circumstances while travelling towards where his destiny has been defined by a final decision. The deceit of her father's personal manager had left a young Anna Wilfred orphaned and penniless years ago. Now, the time has come for her to avenge the untimely demise of her family, and win back all the fortune that is rightfully hers. But in order to achieve her goal, Anna will have to cleverly scheme her way through the same web of deceit her parents fell prey to. An all-too-real film on the country's current war on drugs, the film tackles the angle of the family members and community of addicts and pushers. A professor (Debshankar) gets embroiled in a fire accident case, when he decides to take a burnt victim to the hospital where she dies. A TV journalist (Rituparna) reports the entire incident. A boy struggles to come to terms with the fact that his father is a mercenary when confronting a soon to be victim face to face. Alan Partridge has had many ups and downs in life--national television broadcaster; responsible for killing a guest on live TV; local radio broadcaster; nervous breakdown in Dundee; and a self-published book that was subsequently recalled and pulped. Alan tries to salvage his public career while negotiating a potentially violent turn of events at North Norfolk Digital Radio. A civil war broke out in the 1950s between North and South Korea which changed the country forever. 71: Into the Fire centers on the struggles of 71 student soldiers who fought through the Korean War. Using real people and events based on the opening moves of the Battle of P'ohang-dong, the film exposes the personal and physical conflicts that these students faced when finding themselves on the last line of defense at P'ohang-dong Girl's Middle School against the NKPA's advancement, needing to hold out until back up from other Korean troops and the Allies arrived. When their arch nemesis comes back into the light, cops McGraw and Higgs will do anything to keep Samir from completing his plan and achieving world domination. The shenanigans of a good-hearted goon and his chums as they try to earn some quick money in the world of local crime in Kerala. Tricked into joining the RAF by a wily judge, wide boy Horace Pope sets his sights on the main chance, teams with slow-witted, good-hearted gypsy Pedlar Pascoe, and works up a lucrative racket in conning both his colleagues and the RAF. By means of various devious schemes Pope and Pascoe manage to avoid the front lines until they are sent to France - where they find themselves making unexpected and uncomfortably close contact with the enemy. The film revolves around a young innocent girl who is betrayed by her loved ones and decides to take control of her life by becoming a gangster.  An outlaw band flees a posse and rides into Refuge, a small town where no one carries a gun, drinks, or swears. The town is actually Purgatory, and the peaceful inhabitants are all famous dead outlaws and criminals such as Doc Holiday and Wild Bill Hickok who must redeem themselves before gaining admittance to Heaven...or screw up and go to Hell. Writer Paul Benjamin is nearly hit by a bus when he leaves Auggie Wren's smoke shop. Stranger Rashid Cole  saves his life, and soon middle-aged Paul tells homeless Rashid that he wouldn't mind a short-term housemate. Still grieving over his wife's murder, Paul is moved by both Rashid's quest to reconnect with his father and Auggie's discovery that a woman who might be his daughter is about to give birth. Khaled Al-Sawy is a businessman who suffers from a mental disorder, which makes him prone to any nervous breakdown. He returns to Egypt from abroad to start over but faces many challenges that change the course of his life. The Rise and Fall of an American Scumbag is a depraved hardcore punk themed drug film from Denver auteuer filmmaker Dakota Ray (American Antichrist, The Acid Sorcerer) The film documents the rise and eventual self destruction of several murderous, drug addicted bottom dwelling characters and takes the viewer on a dark and nihilistic journey full of drugs and death. A widower confronts his older son's decision to leave home and his younger son's self-destructive behavior. A tale of double cross and revenge, centered upon the members of an elite U.S. Special Forces unit sent into the Bolivian jungle on a search and destroy mission. The team-Clay, Jensen, Roque, Pooch and Cougar -find themselves the target of a lethal betrayal instigated from inside by a powerful enemy known only as Max. Presumed dead, the group makes plans to even the score when they're joined by the mysterious Aisha, a beautiful operative with her own agenda. Working together, they must remain deep undercover while tracking the heavily-guarded Max, a ruthless man bent on embroiling the world in a new high-tech global war. When Gene, a maniacally deranged computer-game designer, gets dumped by his beautiful artist wife, he devises a masochistic plan for revenge. Taking his spouse prisoner, Gene locks her in her windowless Los Angeles loft but leaves her with something to keep her company -- a deadly mamba snake. Via electronic sensors and cameras, he watches with glee as his terrorized ex-lover fights for her life. PADDAYI is the story of Madhava and Sugandhi. They are a newly married couple from the fishing community in India. Driven by ambition, they bring upon them selves an epic tragedy. A policewoman whose childhood friend disappeared in Patagonia years ago starts a new search to find answers, and soon finds her own life in danger. A trip through the Pyrenees in the neighborhood of Bagneres de Luchon. The story of the late jazz musician and classical pianist Nina Simone including her rise to fame and relationship with her manager Clifton Henderson. A young writer and the fictional detective from his stories attempt to solve a mystery while on a writers' retreat. The older of two brothers is a lawyer, a successful man who everyone is turning to with various problems. But he himself has to solve the main task of his life - to pull his younger brother out of trouble. The older of two brothers is a lawyer, a successful man who everyone is turning to with various problems. But he himself has to solve the main task of his life - to pull his younger brother out of trouble. Inspired by true events, the shocking story of London's most feared and notorious brothers Reggie and Ronnie Kray as they break Frank 'The Mad Axeman' Mitchell from Dartmoor Prison in December 1966.   A policeman gets killed and the short-staffed police chief sends for a few experienced officers to support him in his fight with organized crime. Meanwhile, a conflict between local gangster groups escalates. In 1921, six dead bodies were found near the Red House between Tel Aviv and Jaffa. One was the body of Y.H. Brenner, a brilliant author, the sharp critic of his generation, a man of ambiguous sexuality and the characteristics of a raging prophet; he was well known throughout the Jewish world. An official report, written but sealed shortly after these events, was discovered only recently. It features in this film, along with animated sequences by David Polonsky ("Waltz with Bashir"), conversations with Brenner scholars, rare period stills, and selections from his works. A star-crossed romantic love story of an ill-fated girl Paru who falls in love and eventually get married to a TV anchor Shivu who is coincidentally her lover from the past life who gets killed. Paru kills herself to join her dead husband. A vigilante with a mysterious past becomes a one-man army in a crime-infested town as he takes the law into his own hands, at the same time protecting a young mother and her daughter. He sets his sights on a local kingpin, setting up an action-packed and fateful confrontation. A bloody power struggle erupts between three brothers who are vying to take over the family business following the death of their father. Devising a fantastic universe, in which ancient make-up and costumes share the screen with contemporary elements such as limousines, helicopters and mobile phones, 'Philosophy in the Boudoir' intends to blur the borders of realism and make the spectator get closer to timeless issues. The boudoir inside an industrial plant brings an aggressive aesthetics to the teachings and orgies. The takes are developed in different ways. The franzy of orgies has a fast editing, whilst philosophical moments are long sequence shots. By bringing to the contemporary world a 200-year-old romance, we intend to trigger questions about the real moral changes in Western society. It is also interesting to highlight Sade's feminism. His female heroes are independent women, masters of their own sexual drive. At last, due to the solid theatrical background of the artists, the film was inevitably contaminated by unusual procedures, contributing to new possibilities of exchange between arts.  In a big city of Busan, twin brothers were left in the orphanage after the tragic death of their parents. Taeju, the older brother, becomes a cop and Taesung, the younger one, holds a significant position in the local gang. Their ironic fate adds up to have both of them love the same girl, Chanmi. As the feud between two different gangs surrounding the casino heats up, Taesung's best friend betrays him and places him in a trap. As police line approaches, Taeju comes to persuade Taesung to surrender but first they have to face the truth about the traumatic incident which caused them to drift apart. The story is about a family of three brothers and a sister in the suburbs of the city's poverty. Their elder brother owns a drug-producing kitchen and presides over the group, like a shepherd for sheep. A down-on-his-luck New Orleans private detective investigates the death of a voodoo charlatan, finding himself in the middle of a paranormal murder mystery. A woman is murdered and her neighbour is picked up as a suspect. Meanwhile, a journalist believes he can use this murder to lure an elusive gangster, with help from the guy's former accomplice. A newly married couple's vacation retreat is suddenly derailed when the husband, ultra successful business tycoon David Dolan, is suddenly kidnapped and held for ransom. It's up to David's trusty assistant Portia to negotiate the terms and figure out who is behind the abduction. After a young woman suffers a brutal rape in a bar one night, a prosecutor assists in bringing the perpetrators to justice, including the ones who encouraged and cheered on the attack. Imants Veide is writing a script about con artists and their schemes. Together with his friend Harijs Kuharjonoks he's trying them out for real for greater authenticity, but gets too entangled in real criminal schemes. More and more colorful characters appear on the horizon, but Imant's main adversary on the road to criminal excellency is his Neighbour, a true iron lady with balls bigger than all those involved combined. What Goes Around is a short film directed by Alex Gilbert and staring Billy Harper. This story is about a guy called Levi who tries to find his way in life ,and he dosent get along in his city or family so he decides to leave home and try to find his way around life by sleeping on a bench in the middle of the park and by looking for food while people don't know about his whearabouts. One day while he is walking through the park he gets angry at a local (Played by Alex Gilbert) and who pushes around and the local gets home and finds that the news people are looking for him in the city. Levi is in town and sees "Wheres Levi" posters around the city. He also finds a bracelet which he keeps but he does not know that the bracelet will get him back with his life. Earl Stone, a man in his eighties, is broke, alone, and facing foreclosure of his business when he is offered a job that simply requires him to drive. Easy enough, but, unbeknownst to Earl, he's just signed on as a drug courier for a Mexican cartel. He does so well that his cargo increases exponentially, and Earl hit the radar of hard-charging DEA agent Colin Bates. Amid acrimonious divorce proceedings, Louise (Blythe Danner) unwittingly puts her life in danger when she contests the prenuptial agreement she signed before marrying attorney Arthur Jamison (Anthony Hopkins). He plans to kill her to resolve the situation. Armed with information on how her cheating husband conducts his business and personal affairs, she demands more money from him -- but will Arthur have the final word? In the late 1970s, Cockney crime boss Harold Shand, a gangster trying to become a legitimate property mogul, has big plans to get the American Mafia to bankroll his transformation of a derelict area of London into the possible venue for a future Olympic Games. However, a series of bombings targets his empire on the very weekend the Americans are in town. Shand is convinced there is a traitor in his organization, and sets out to eliminate the rat in typically ruthless fashion. Joe Moore has a job he loves. He's a thief. His job goes sour when he gets caught on security camera tape. His fence, Bergman reneges on the money he's owed, and his wife may be betraying him with the fence's young lieutenant. Moore and his partner, Bobby Blane and their utility man, Pinky Pincus find themselves broke, betrayed, and blackmailed. Moore is forced to commit his crew to do one last big job. A young Japanese orphan, and her mystical friend, exact poetic justice on a malevolent samurai lord. A patriotic doctor returns to his homeland with his family, seeking a long missing treasure. A series of weird things keeps happening and the doctor begins to behave oddly. Meanwhile, a madman is murdering the local citizens and the doctor's wife starts to have suspicions. Right before she is able to uncover the truth, another larger conspiracy quietly comes along. A young woman takes up drug peddling to make money for the treatment of her mom, who has cancer. A Class that didn't Know what to call her,  Sisters that didn't know she existed,  A Family that didn't know if they should hide it,  And strangers who don't know what to make of it This movie is a mystery about continuous murders at Kolkata and Chandan Nagar. Churikatte is a 2018 Indian Kannada action thriller directed by Ravi Shivamogga. A wealthy couple from the Pacific Palisades discovers homeless young lovers have moved into their home. An aging lawman is convinced a mysterious stranger arrested in his small town is innocent. His investigation stirs up a hornet's nest that will change the town forever. Dr. Thomas Warren reviews the previously classified footage caught by serial killers Leonard Lake and Charles Ng as they worked to kidnap women and torture them into sexual submission. This film seeks to analyze the criminal mind and pinpoint the precise motives, profiles and personalities of the murderers from the case who were not only caught, but are still at large today. The movie is about victims of a systemized fraud tracking down the scammers. Ambar (Saugat Malla) and Kali (Keki Adhikari) meet and fell in love in their childhood on street. Ambar is left along in the street when Kali is taken away by a guy. She became a prostitute and lived a comfortable life while Ambar nourished his desire to become a king in the society. ICAC Investigator William Luk and JFIU Chief Inspector Lau Po-keung both hit a dead end in their investigation of a bribery case and a money laundering case. In the meantime, William Luk was suspended when model Eva Ng went to Inspector Kenny Ching of ICAC's Internal Investigation Group L, to file a report against him for accepting a $12M bribe.  Lau discovered Luk was set up and whoever framed Luk was connected to his case. He began to suspect the bank manager Thomson Yau was assisting a gangster, Wong Hoi-wo in money laundering activities. When Director Hong Liang of China's Anti-Corruption & Bribery Bureau (ACBB) provided Lau with important intelligence, it became clear the money laundering activities were connected to a corrupted Vice-Ministerial Level cadre. To clear his name, William Luk put everything on the line... Teefa goes to Poland to get Anya to Pakistan to marry Butt gangster's son but lands up in trouble with Anya's gangster father and the Polish police. Hussain is a renowned researcher and one fine day he goes missing. Jahanara, his daughter, returns from Berlin and tries to find him for three months with no luck. The local law enforcement also seems to be clueless. That's when Jahanara and her friend take things into their own hands and set out to find her father. They embark on a difficult journey and have to endure a lot of hardships. But Jahanara doesn't give up. Investigation thriller revolves around a murder mystery which happened in a resort. In Victorian England, a master criminal makes elaborate plans to steal a shipment of gold from a moving train. Director Srinivas Raju's world of Dandupalya, as seen in the first two films of the series, will finally come to an end. The third film in the series will mark the end of the franchise, which has received a great deal of critical acclaim in both Kannada and Telugu. Henry Brogen, an aging assassin tries to get out of the business but finds himself in the ultimate battle: fighting his own clone who is 25 years younger than him and at the peak of his abilities. When a cop's crooked past comes back to get him, can he do the right thing, or will he succumb to the threats of his dangerous connections? Mock documentary about an upstart candidate for the U.S. Senate written and directed by actor Tim Robbins. Bob Roberts is a folksinger with a difference: He offers tunes that protest welfare chiselers, liberal whining, and the like. As the filmmakers follow his campaign, Robbins gives needle-sharp insight into the way candidates manipulate the media. All-stars from the previous Step Up installments come together in glittering Las Vegas, battling for a victory that could define their dreams and their careers. After one of their shoplifting sessions, Osamu and his son come across a little girl in the freezing cold. At first reluctant to shelter the girl, Osamu's wife agrees to take care of her after learning of the hardships she faces. Although the family is poor, barely making enough money to survive through petty crime, they seem to live happily together until an unforeseen incident reveals hidden secrets, testing the bonds that unite them. When police couldn't tackle a mysterious incident involving his girlfriend, Sanjay decides to fight his own battle and get the truth out. What follows next? At a 2012 pre-season high-school football party in Steubenville, Ohio, a young woman was raped by members of the beloved high school football team. The aftermath exposed an entire culture of complicity--and Roll Red Roll maps out the roles that peer pressure, denial, sports machismo, and social media each played in the tragedy. 'By The Grace Of God' follows the tragic odyssey of Juergen, whose attempt to make contact with his imagined mother, the Queen of England, leads him to a sense of personal crisis, of aporia. When her son's alleged kidnapper is released for lack of solid evidence, a reputable and well-known attorney takes matters into her own hands with unintended and spectacularly disastrous consequences. With its interplay of shadow and light, of paint in movement, BLUE LIKE A GUNSHOT is a work of great visual power. It is also a reflection on our world. In its evocation of the conflict between civilization and nature, the absurd vanity of human warfare contrasts with the harmony of the natural world. Nine vignettes depict the stages leading to execution for women on death row. A series of mysterious events changes the life of a blind pianist who now must report a crime that was actually never witnessed by him.  The events begin at a Branch of the Royal Bank in a Village in Kerala Tamilnadu Border from Where Diamonds Worth Ten Crore Rupees is being Shifted to the regional office of the bank amid high security. However the diamonds go missing en route.The Story then takes a Suspense-filled ride and moves across many location and charecters. "The Secret Power" - Hardly anyone who strays into the emigrant's restaurant "Strange Bird" would suspect that the porter once was a general, the waiter a prince and the cook an admiral, and that the lady at the bar is actually the princess Sinaide forced was leaving their home. Hyeong-min, a prominent police detective, and Tae-oh, a killer who has confessed to multiple murders, maintain a fierce psychological confrontation. REPARATION is a powerful psychological thriller that swirls like a funnel cloud around Bob Stevens -- a small-town farmer with a three-year hole in his memory. When a mysterious stranger, Jerome, shows up claiming to have been his best friend in the Air Force Police, Bob's peaceful existence begins to unravel from the outside in. Bob's entire family is caught in the storm -- but none more than Bob's eight year-old daughter, Charlotte, who discovers that she might hold the key to conjuring Bob's forgotten past. As Charlotte comes to learn, "every time something happens that knocks us out of balance, we try doing something that will knock us back in..." That universal theme of balance is the soul of REPARATION.  Calvin Jacobs (Landon Beard) discovers the body of a young woman who has been beaten and left for dead. He recognizes her as Robin, a college crush from his undergraduate years. Unknowingly, Calvin has just taken his first steps into a dark and dangerous world. It is not long before Robin (Lillian Bornstein) returns to Calvin with a bold request -- she wants him to kill the man that victimized her. A teen boy- getting trapped in the world of fantasy, pornography followed by social crisis and then his self redemption -like the Bengali name for Deciduous trees, 'Pornomochi' - that sheds dead leaves and grows new ones towards a new life. Portrait of a marginalised group of people living illegally in a cemetery in the Philippines, through the life of a couple with a sick child. Missing are a flight consisting of 300 VIPs, a house along with the couple that inhabit it and an orphaned girl child. Embroiled in midst of all three cases are two young boys and a man calling himself Veera Bhoga Vasantha Rayalu. What is the mystery behind either of these cases? Two adult sisters exist dysfunctionally, each limited by illnesses affecting both body and mind -- one physically and the other psychologically. After surviving an attempt on his life by his former partner, officer Cliff Garrett (Norris) exacts revenge on those who wronged him by going undercover as a hit man. He works to gain the reputation and trust needed in order to be accepted by the burgeoning Seattle-area criminal underworld, but it is all done in order to take it down from within. Belgian police try to solve the mystery of a tunnel. Against the backdrop of a conflict between former friends, and now a soldier and a prisoner, events break out that will make them make a difficult choice. This choice changed the history and attitude to true heroism. Overview Coming Soon... Mysterious events take place in an hotel: A feather flies from one room to another, and the customers are savagely killed by the sheets of their own beds. Not Available Recorded October 4, 2001, at the Grand Olympic Auditorium in Los Angeles, California.  A group of hard-core rockers who spun social upheaval into something fresh, brash and dynamic, The Cult emerged out of Britain's music scene in the early 1980s and quickly rose to the forefront of "Positive Punk." From Ian Astbury's first powerful note to Billy Duffy's last thundering guitar riff, The Cult knows how to rock an audience and this Los Angeles concert is no exception! Songs: Intro/Rise, In the Clouds, Lil' Devil, Peace Dog, Take the Power, My Bridges Burn, Rain, Edie (Ciao Baby), The Witch, Breathe, Fire Woman, Sweet Soul Sister, Wild Flower, She Sells Sanctuary, True Believers, War (The Process), Love Removal Machine. The film tells the story behind a village that is very fond of the cock-fighting game that involves betting their wifes and lifes. Six strangers find themselves in circumstances beyond their control, and must use their wits to survive. The Last Guest in Roblox tries to survive in a harsh world, where the Roblox army pits its forces against an army of corrupt and dangerous Bacon haired soldiers, driven to cleanse the world of noobs and guests and establish a new world order. This truly shows the horrors of war. Two gangsters kidnap a psychic to find out where the man they murdered buried the loot. A robber regrets having brutally hit an elderly woman in order to snatch off her handbag and attempts to make up for the damage he inflicted. But his past deeds as moto-snatcher hunt him, keeping him from re-starting his life anew. Former dance instructor Emman Toledo was employed as a dance instructor for a governor's ball. He finds himself in a passionate love affair with Cedes Fernandez who happens to be engaged to Dylan Evelino son of the governor. The couple finds themselves in a dangerous situation. The Evelino Clan is too powerful that nothing gets in their way to get what they want. Despite her hatred for the dirty politics, Cedes has no choice but to succumb to the decision of Dylan out of her indebtedness towards the family. Emman is drawn towards Cedes from the first time she catches his eye. As their lives intertwine through dance, Emman and Cedes find themselves resisting an affair: one that holds the truths to their painful pasts, and the memories of a boundless love. Pursuing their feelings for each other will only set fire to the dangers and trappings of their love, so much so that their love could cost them their lives. It's a story about a guy who stands against the bad things he is seeing happening around him like politics, administration problems, drugs, crime, etc.  Explosive Power Moves: Full-power moves with lower-intensity sculpting moves with light dumbbells get your heart and muscles pumping. Ren has finally succeeded his boss as the head of the North Fort Gang. For so long, his ambitions had been held back; now, he can realize them. But the ruthless Jian returns with his own gang. Though Ren and Jian were once like brothers, Ren's position is challenged, causing tensions with Qing, his loyal captain. Now that former friends are enemies, what is the price of loyalty? What will be left of friendship when the smoke of battle clears? The crew of an experimental underwater nuclear base are forced to struggle for their lives when their explorations disturb a creature who threatens to destroy their base. An epic journey of love in Chambal, amongst the clash of power and the roar of guns. The name of the legendary fighter 'Toshi Toshi', Mr. Yoshino Masatoshi (Ozawa Hitoshi) in the Shinjuku business center, Shinjuku Kabuki-cho, legendary fighter, was roaring. Every day a tag litter of various places attacks a lone wolf Toshi. For such Toshi, only Toryokubai group manager Tanahashi group Tadashi Bashi (Shakuya) who used Shinjuku as a root founded his eyes. Toshi, who decided to live as a chorus, decides to live as a choreographer, making a fighting partner in the Gong Faction era as a brotherly son, and expanding its power as a fighter group. Picking up after the events of Never Back Down 2, former MMA champion Case Walker is on the comeback trail to become champion once again. Inspired by the true story, it displays on a human trafficking syndicate and tells the story of a woman who was tricked by her boyfriend. He was sold to a brothel where she was drugged and forced to sell itself. An alcoholic gunman, hunted down by five pitiless bounty hunters, is sheltered by a saloon dancer. When his enemies kill the girl the outlaw pulls himself together and faces his adversaries and takes his revenge in a final showdown. An interesting take on the reluctant gunfighter theme contains some truly surprising twists.  Greg's story is one of wrong turns, bad luck, and a loving, supportive family who never stopped believing in his innocence. It is also the story of the incredible people who have worked tirelessly to reform North Carolina's criminal justice system - reforms that led to securing Greg's freedom. A pair of star-crossed dancers in New York find themselves at the center of a bitter rivalry between their brothers' underground dance clubs. A guy (Jesse Bradford) has his life planned out, until he is wooed, groomed and then dumped by an elusive woman (Elisha Cuthbert). Martina and Manuel cross the border from Bolivia as <<mules>>. Manuel dies with the cocaine capsules inside his body. Martina turns to her father, who she never met before, for help.  After crossing the border illegally for work, Miguel, a hard-working father and devoted husband, finds himself wrongfully accused of murdering a former sheriff's wife. After learning of his imprisonment, Miguel's pregnant wife tries to come to his aid and lands in the hands of corrupt coyotes who hold her for ransom. Dissatisfied with the police department's investigation, the former sheriff tries to uncover the truth about his wife's death and discovers disturbing evidence that will destroy one family's future, or tear another's apart. Arn has served his term in the Holy land and returns home to be reunited with his beloved Cecilia. When he returns home, he discovers that political forces tries to separate him and Cecilia - but thanks to queen Blanka they can finally get married. Arn knows that war is looming and with his martial knowledge he starts to build an army at his new home at Forsvik. This remastered, rare, local production from the 80s is an unfiltered look into the mind and heart of the world-renowned folk artist Howard Finster. Walking and talking in his Paradise Garden, Finster gives insight into his visions, Faith, and artwork. He even sings and plays the banjo.  Dr. George Pullen interviews Finster. And in this case, the word "interview" means that Dr. Pullen just lets Finster talk. And it's pure gold. Due to the development of self-driving AI, traffic accidents are drastically decreased in 2027. Amane Yonago, a new Prosecutor, is assigned to the Transportation Division. Unhappy with her new job, she decides to indict the self-driving car's AI which crossed the center line in error and caused an accident. The instant the trial begins, the AI admits that they killed the victim on purpose. Because of this allegation, Amane Yonago must find a way to prove the AI has feelings. American housewife Cathy Palmer loses her memory on a trip to Paris after being hit by a car. She wakes up in the hospital believing she's the fictional international spy, Rebecca Ryan. A Nightmare When Kanat hits the bottom, still living with his mother at 40 passed, stuck mid level in his bank job, fantasizing from afar on girls, the unexpected encounter with his evil half, longtime friend Daniyar makes him take a moral u turn and his life takes a plunge in the dark. Young Oksana puts her newly born Denis in a baby box. Sixteen years later she steals him away from a children's home, intent on making amends for her maternal neglect, and to exploit him to earn money in a corrupt legal system. Fisherman Ah-Hai is found dead from self-immolation during a large-scale protest against TL Petrochemical. The incident instantly makes media headlines; Ah-Hai is hailed as a martyr. Medical examiner Chou is assigned to the case with public prosecutor Kim, his ex-fiancee. When the two discover evidence of murder and a major conspiracy, Chou breaks protocol to conduct his own investigation in order to protect Kim. As the truth is gradually revealed, the case and their past start to intertwine...  The woman of the house notices that the dog Bobo hardly touches his dog food. So she takes him to a canine psychiatrist. He recommends she and her husband treat Bobo as "one of the family". That means the man has to tolerate it when Bobo takes the evening paper and one of his master's cigars. But he won't let him watch his dog adventure show when there's a baseball game on or have the whole steak at dinner. And if Bobo wants to really be a part of the family, wait till he gets assigned some chores. Made during Bergman's tax-related exile in Germany, the film continues the story of Katarina and Peter Egermann, the feuding, childless, professional couple who appear in one episode of "Scenes From A Marriage." After Peter perpetrates a horrendous crime in its first scene, the rest of the film consists of a non-linear examination of his motivations, incorporating a police psychological investigation, scenes from the Egermanns' married life, and dream sequences. Four police officers open up a lobster restaurant as a cover in order to catch a notorious drug dealer, only to find their secret recipe is more popular than they expect.  When they get caught up in their new business venture, they find a bigger conspiracy at work. The film centers around a Malaysian pharmaceutical company using a new virus to generate an epidemic. A secret organization, known as "The Leaker", discloses this information. After the suicide of the pharmaceutical company's son and a local reporter, the wife of the pharmaceutical company's owner leaves for Hong Kong. A Malaysian police chief , Hong Kong police officer, and journalist work together to locate her whereabouts. As a result of his excellent record in Niederkaltenkirchen, Franz Eberhofer is promoted to Munich, the Bavarian capital of crime. It's just as well his creature comforts are well catered for in the form of his grandmother's care-packages. But he has hardly had time to settle into his new post before he finds himself coming face to face with inner-city criminals. His father's car is stolen on his very first visit and although it turns up again before long, that's only the start of the trouble. The corpse of a young Serbian woman is found in the boot, and once again Franz finds himself with his work cut out. The movie highlights the issues of attachment and detachment in human relationships through the events that occur in the life of a girl before and after her romantic affair. Having developed an uncontrollable obsession with the beautiful young Rudy (Michelle Tomlinson), crazed serial killer Herman (James DuMont) kidnaps her and locks her in a cage in his basement. The only way for Rudy to survive this nightmare is to outsmart her psychopathic tormentor. But Herman has experience on his side: He's entrapped and tortured other women before, playing sick and twisted mind games with his frightened victims. Following in his father's footsteps, Albert Pierrepoint becomes one of Britain's most prolific executioners, hiding his identity as a grocery deliveryman. But when his ambition to be the best inadvertently exposes his gruesome secret, he becomes a minor celebrity &amp; faces a public outcry against the practice of hanging. Based on true events. A gritty look at rigid gender norms, and how they shape us. Nicky Larson is tasked to recover the perfume of Cupid, a perfume that would make anyone who uses it irresistible.   A low-ranking yakuza is given the mission to kill a high-ranking yakuza from a rival group. Wanting recognition, he accepts the assignment, only to meet an enthusiastic office lady. Giacomo befriends a man, believing that he is the reincarnation of his dead father. A new drug is taking over the streets, coating them in blood, vomit, and other less savory fluids. The six eye-opening stories in this anthology reveal the truth about this new white menace. Saike, Kazuki, and Takeo were abused by their respective parents and did not go to school. They stayed together at a youth detention center. To survive, these three young men commit robbery and burglary against criminal groups. (AsianWiki) A dive into Arthur C. Clarke's life, writer and co-scriptwriter of '2001: a Space Odyssey' by its search for an extraterrestrial civilization. In this excursion into Tokyo's dark side, a sexually repressed woman finds liberation by turning tricks at night a sex worker is taken by surprise when her ex drops by and a sex blogger finds strange kinship with a loner. When an ambitious career woman is found murdered on her wedding anniversary her husband becomes the prime suspect. However a police investigation unearths others in her life who may also have a strong motive. The true story of Forrest Tucker, from his audacious escape from San Quentin at the age of 70 to an unprecedented string of heists that confounded authorities and enchanted the public. Wrapped up in the pursuit are a detective, who becomes captivated with Forrest's commitment to his craft, and a woman, who loves him in spite of his chosen profession. Brian and Charlie work for a gangster. When the boss learns they want to "leave" he sets them up to be killed, after they help rob the local Triads of their drug dealing profits. B&amp;C decide to steal the money for themselves, but when their escape doesn't go to plan, they have to seek refuge in a Nuns' teacher training school. A detailing of the plight of white South African farmers. Every day at 6 pm a serial killer kills another person. Police officer Helena Rus thinks the killings are done by one man only and decides to reveal the killer's identity by getting back in 18th century history of the city.  Sara Blecher returns with a markedly different film: a groundbreaking multi-cultural African gangster thriller. After a quarrel with her boyfriend on New Year's Eve, Mane (Pinal) drives her car from Mexico City to Cuernavaca to meet her parents in their country house. The car breaks down in the highway and Mane has to ask for help. Mechanic Cruci (Infante) arrives and, after testing the car, offers Mane a ride on his motorcycle. Back in Mane's house, she invites him some drinks to celebrate New Year's Eve. They get drunk and, the morning after, Mane's parents arrive and find them sleeping together. Not knowing what happened, Mane and Cruci are forced to get married against their will. A young lad turns a conman after losing his parents at a young age. Money is his only priority in life and he tricks the greedy and gullible lot to make sure his monetary needs are met. However, things go awry when he gets caught by a gang of baddies. How he escapes from their clutches and finds the purpose to his life through a woman forms the story of Bluff Master. Wang Nan, a young mother who lost children because of abduction and trafficking of children in an ordinary town, went deep into the traffickers' organization to find daughters and little fish. At the same time, the local police, Huo Yan, also obtained many criminal clues about many trafficking cases. Gialli is a blood drenched slasher movie throwback to 70's gore films.  Convinced that his life is in jeopardy, Satyakam, the son of a business magnate hailing from Mussoorie, approaches Byomkesh with a plea for help. The legendary detective soon heads to Mussoorie, where he finds out that the youngsters worst fears have come true. Can Byomkesh unravel the mystery shrouding Satyakam's murder before it is too late?  Five stories center on a werewolf, a feudal landlord, peasants, a ghost, and a mother and her sons. A Bollywood actor goes on the run after being suspected of killing a movie producer. Jack Littlemore's in art security, but he's already in enough trouble - then an old friend comes out of his past and threatens to finish him off completely. Filipino director Adolfo Alix Jr. returns to the Festival with this timely story of a couple caught up in Rodrigo Duterte's violent war on drugs when their son goes missing. A stand up comedian with a brutal alter-ego is interrogated by police about the contents of his hard drive. Director Srinivas Raju's world of Dandupalya, as seen in the first two films of the series, will finally come to an end. The third film in the series will mark the end of the franchise, which has received a great deal of critical acclaim in both Kannada and Telugu. Six ambitious forensic undergrads are pitted against one another on a scientific expedition to a remote island, vying to win an esteemed trainee position with the FBI. Unbeknownst to them, the site was formerly used as an illegal biological testing ground for life-term criminals who were then left for dead. The arrival of the students disturbs the resting place, unleashing a pack of zombie criminal convicts who systematically hunt them down, one by one. Yup Yup Man is a schizophrenic street man who wants to become a crime crusader like Dark Justice, his favorite comic book. As he focuses on his crime fighting crusade, his delusional traits weaken, making him seem outwardly normal. In the end, he must choose between a destructive world of crime fighting or aspiring to grow his inherent goodness. Last summer model-turned-director duo Kristell Chenut and Vincent Lacrocq traveled to the Canary Island haven Lanzarote to shoot Thirty-Six Hours with a team consisting of only themselves and their male-model protagonists, Clement Chabernaud and Jon Kortajarena. Arguably the two biggest names in the male model world--you'll recognise Kortajarena as the young hustler from Tom Ford's stylish feature A Single Man, and both from countless campaigns for the likes of H&amp;M, Gucci and Prada--the narrative short sees the pair share a surreal day and night amid a crystalline island landscape. A wife wants her husband to get her a set-top box. The husband goes out to buy it with his drug peddler friend and gets into problems that soon spiral out of control. After a young woman suffers a brutal rape in a bar one night, a prosecutor assists in bringing the perpetrators to justice, including the ones who encouraged and cheered on the attack. When Lucy Honeychurch and chaperon Charlotte Bartlett find themselves in Florence with rooms without views, fellow guests Mr Emerson and son George step in to remedy the situation. Meeting the Emersons could change Lucy's life forever but, once back in England, how will her experiences in Tuscany affect her marriage plans? A band of medieval mercenaries take revenge on a noble lord who decides not to pay them by kidnapping the betrothed of the noble's son. As the plague and warfare cut a swathe of destruction throughout the land, the mercenaries hole up in a castle and await their fate. Documentary about and with the Japanese electronic composer and artist Merzbow. Michelle is not one to let herself get hurt in love. With this fear, she thrusts herself in the midst of plan Bs, second options, and back-up plans - one which involves her present boyfriend and her ex. A cop, who is on leave, is asked to re-open an old case that deals with the death of a young boy and girl. As his probe hits a brick wall, he reads his wife's short story that curiously resembles the lives of those he has been investigating. Tourists trapped in an enchanted forest do battle with evil fairy tale creatures. Joe and Averell are the eldest and youngest of the four Dalton brothers, the worst outlaws in Wild West history... Eugene, a film school graduate, came to Poland to meet her old friends. Dongchul, who also studied film, came to Ukraine to meet his old friends also. They travel separately through Europe, visiting their own cities, and waiting for their own objects to arrive a few days later. Sometimes they imagine the movie they want to make. Behind a wine-red velvet curtain in the window of a small tin booth at Nevsky Prospekt, Ira sits and checks that the city's trolleybuses are on time. Her work is a remnant of the communist system where everyone should have a job. From her street corner, she gets time to reflect on the city, the people and her own life. She has understood how quickly life can change and with that insight, she sees everyday life in a different light. A suburban family is torn apart when fourteen-year-old Annie meets her first boyfriend online. After months of communicating via online chat and phone, Annie discovers her friend is not who he originally claimed to be. Shocked into disbelief, her parents are shattered by their daughter's actions and struggle to support her as she comes to terms with what has happened to her once innocent life. Mariano, 16, inexplicably and without warning, shoots himself twice and improbably survives. Then, life goes on. His brother pursues a romance with a girl working at a fast-food joint, his mother takes off on a trip with a stranger, and Mariano recruits a woman to join his medieval wind ensemble. A man obsessed with conspiracy theories becomes a target after one of his theories turns out to be true. Unfortunately, in order to save himself, he has to figure out which theory it is. This story tells the story of two burglar retailers (Jamshidi and Kaya) who come up with a box-wrapped case. Suitcases of cash fall out of an armored car onto the busy streets, and people go crazy picking it up! Typical loner Jay Kwan (Sing Lam) and his buddy Ang Ray (Neo Yau) are both witnesses, and they're curious about the incident. They then call up a 'search team' on Golden Forum to look into it. Golden Forum Goddess (Larine Tang) is attracted, and joins them.  Policewoman Nancy O (Stephy Tang), the money-minded girl Mandy O (Grace Chan)'s sister, is the only one there to guard the money that day even if she's off duty, and is regarded as a heroine! She's therefore asked to join the investigation to the case. Police believe that it's an accident, and it's difficult to get all the money back, so the investigation should stop. But as the 'search team' keep digging, they realize that there's more than meets the eye... Jannat is a crime romance, starring Emraan Hashmi (Arjun) and Sonal Chauhan (Zoya). Arjun is a petty, yet smart conman who aspires to create Jannat (heaven) on earth. Wealth blinds him as he goes from being a bookie to a match fixer. He has aspirations of being a millionaire, but not at the cost of hard work. Will he be able to fulfil his desires or will it lead to his downfall?  Acclaimed director Charlie Minn brings attention to the victims of the infamous massacre that occurred on February 14th, 2018 at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School. A normal day at school became a true nightmare for Parkland, Florida citizens as they experienced something they had never thought would happen in their small suburb. In just six minutes, 17 students and staff were fatally shot and 17 more were wounded, while innumerable lives were changed forever. The true heroes of that day have come together to tell their stories and to bring words to those who are no longer here to offer them. This documentary reveals testimony and the raw emotions of those involved, highlighting the actions taken by individuals to save the lives of others through selfless and brave acts. Two women, one from the United States and one from the United Kingdom, swap homes at Christmastime after bad breakups with their boyfriends. Each woman finds romance with a local man but realizes that the imminent return home may end the relationship. Evan values family above all else, and anyone who gets between him, his wife, and newborn son learns that the hard way. But when it comes to violent tendencies, it seems the apple doesn't fall far from the tree. An RCMP officer is ordered to discreetly take a Russian immigrant into custody in advance of a state visit by the Soviet premier. When the prisoner is kidnapped, the officer is drawn into a complicated assassination scheme. A young Scottish singer, Rose-Lynn Harlan, dreams of making it as a country artist in Nashville after being released from prison. A struggling screenwriter inadvertently becomes entangled in the Los Angeles criminal underworld after his oddball friends kidnap a gangster's beloved Shih Tzu. All grown up in post-apocalyptic 2018, John Connor must lead the resistance of humans against the increasingly dominating militaristic robots. But when Marcus Wright appears, his existence confuses the mission as Connor tries to determine whether Wright has come from the future or the past -- and whether he's friend or foe. Yuvraj works for a renowned politician, Prabhakar, and falls in love with his daughter, Rani. However, a brewing political conspiracy changes the course of many lives.  The fast career of a young Neapolitan among contraband, gambling dens, bribes and illegality. He will upgrade its rank till the maximum level of the "Family". A cop prone to violence is tasked with capturing a psycho who has been setting vehicles belonging to employees of a financier on fire. Township unlock guy cold wind and send a small army brother to go home to work in the city to earn money, I thought this is a new life, but did not think that is considered the most pro-brother designed by the trap. Honest rural guy's goodness and sentiments are used, the heart in front of the conscience wavering, and gradually set foot on the almost irreversible path, in the loss of conscience, the witness to see the loved ones were injured just feel awakened , Through hard decisions eventually lost their lives, completed self-salvation. Ahead of their father's death, four siblings gather at the oldest brother's house. The will is announced in a notary's presence and complaints burst forth. Suddenly a phone call comes in from a kidnapper claiming to have the oldest brother's son. In 1896 the first screen kiss hit cinemas. Some 120 years later, the cinematic kiss continues to reflect reality and project fantasy. This video essay explores the history of the screen kiss and includes memorable scenes featuring Greta Garbo, Lauren Bacall, Humphrey Bogart, Sidney Poitier, Molly Ringwald, Michael Fassbender and many more. Female highs school students, including Mitsuko, Keiko and Izumi, become the targets of ghosts with various appearances including a groom with a pig's face and female teacher with a machine gun. 8MM Bullet movie is a crime thriller movie written and directed by Harikrishna and jointly produced by Narayan Swamy, Infant Pradeep and Saleem Shah while Judah Sandy scored music for this movie.  Jaggesh playing for the time different role in this movie. Parrot, Monkey and Elephant are excited to understand how long their friend Boa is. They finally arrive to the result, though it is measured in quite a strange fashion. Set against the backdrop of the Philippines Government's crackdown on illegal drugs, a SWAT-led police force launches an operation to arrest Abel, one of the biggest druglords in Manilla. Police Officer Espino and Elijah, a small-time pusher turned informant, provide the intelligence for the operation which quickly escalates into a violent and heavely-armed confrontation in the slums between the SWAT and Abel's gang. Before the investigators arrive at the crime scene, Espino and Elijah walk off with Abel's backpack full of money and methamphetamine. Artist and designer Yolanda Sonnabend resides in decaying splendor in the last un-renovated house in a posh suburb of London. Surrounded by fifty years of painting, sculpture, frames, fabric, books, the archeologia and the ephemera of her frenzied imagination, Yolanda says "I'm a prisoner of rubbish". Meanwhile, her older brother has moved in with his grand piano. A lawyer whose advocates on behalf of domestic violence victims suffers in silence at the hands of her violent paraplegic husband. Starring Uche Odoputa, Mary Lazarus Rex Nosa and Angel Samuda.  During WWII, a strong-willed 12-year-old boy tries to steer his vocationally and maritally confused father straight, at the same time striving to keep his honor while the gang in his new neighborhood bully him. The story of Joe and Paddy, whose childhood friendship is shattered by the troubles in Northern Ireland. Twenty five years later they are reunited. DIRTY MARTINI AND THE NEW BURLESQUE, explores the tantalizing world of the performers who helped create the new burlesque scene in New York City. The new burlesque is the new punk rock and it is exploding in New York as well as most US cities thanks to Dirty and her friends the world is catching on. 3D Realms has teamed up with some of the most iconic legends behind one of the oldest genre of video games to bring you a piece of gaming history like no other. Crime story Grady is a 50-ish English professor who hasn't had a thing published in years -- not since he wrote his award winning "Great American Novel" 7 years ago. This weekend proves even worse than he could imagine as he finds himself reeling from one misadventure to another in the company of a new wonder boy author. The innovative direction of Robert Siodmak lifts the inexpensive imitation-Hitchcock Fly By Night well above the ordinary. Richard Carlson plays young intern Jeff Burton, who impulsively offers a lift to an odd-looking gentlemen (Miles Mander). It soon turns out that Jeff's passenger is an inventor has just escaped from a shady sanitarium, where he has been held prisoner by Nazi spies. Mysterious packages of white powder washing up on an Atlantic beach will stir various and varied lusts: that of the sculptor Vladimir Omitov at his Shark Sorrows bar for sailors; that of Aldo and his accomplice Jose, improbable mobsters; and of course the customs officials. There begins a ballet of intrigue as crazy and explosive as the characters themselves. The movie is deals with fear about climate change The film follows Sab, a transporter for local drug cartels. Amidst an imminent war between her superiors, Sab also deals with her dying grandmother's last wish that she bear a child. When Sab learns that she's barren, this leads her to darker practices and revelations. Markado: Bakunawa sa Duha Ka-Manglahing Takna is the first ever full-length film to be completely made and produced by local filmmakers from Cagayan de Oro city. Christmas Eve. On his way to his in-laws with his family, Frank Harrington decides to try a shortcut, for the first time in 20 years. It turns out to be the biggest mistake of his life. On the run from the police, a female thief and her band of robbers take refuge on a desert island where they discover a mansion inhabited by a family whom they take hostage. One of the robbers falls for the couple's daughter. Two sisters find their already strained relationship challenged as a mysterious new planet threatens to collide with Earth. Kallookaran Joy is a single father who has left his gangster life behind to lead a peaceful life with his daughter. Things take an unexpected turn when his past comes knocking back to him. In full-on investigative mode, reporters from The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal and Hollywood Reporter doggedly pursue the story of US $3.5 billion missing from a Malaysian wealth fund. They trace the dirty money, via real estate deals and movie financing, back to the top tiers of the Malaysian government. Incredibly (but oh, how fitting!), the audacious swindlers chose to back the 2014 blockbuster The Wolf of Wall Street. Hollywood A-listers, including Leonardo DiCaprio, attended lavish parties hosted to launch the film. The embezzlement was orchestrated by a flamboyant fancier, Jho Low, and Riza Aziz, the stepson of the then-Malaysian Prime Minister. As the truth finally comes to light, assets are frozen and the fall-out begins. Crossed Lines (Chinese: Ming Yun Hu Jiao Zhuan Yi ; pinyin: Mingyun Hujiao Zhuanyi) is a Chinese comedy anthology film. A middle aged woman is an accountant and becomes addicted to gambling. She steals over 800 000EUR from her customers and loses everything to the local gambling company on the small island where she lives. Ridzuan loses faith in his fellow police officers when he witnesses the death of his best friend, Aman, who he believes have been killed by the police. He then breaks off communications with everyone and starts living on a secluded island, hiding his true identity from the residents there. But Tuan Moktar and Tuan Anwar from Bukit Aman manage to track him down. He is then tasked with leading an operation called Operasi X to take down the AJ Gang. Crime drama with Kaimin Guo A runaway train, transporting deadly, toxic chemicals, is barreling down on Stanton, Pennsylvania,  and proves to be unstoppable until a veteran engineer and young conductor risk their lives to try and stop it with a switch engine. A boy falls in toxic waste. His face melts and he becomes a bloodthirsty monster who goes around killing people. Miner Junpo's daughter is seriously ill and needs urgent treatment. Junpo goes to the mine owner's house to demand money that is owed to him. To no avail. Unable to raise money anywhere for his child's treatment, in desperation Junpo kidnaps his boss's daughter. At the same time, several other unrelated people are involved, either by coincidence or on purpose, in the whole affair. The situation spins out of control. Some will lose their lives, some will be sent to jail, some will have to flee all their lives. A multifaceted story about crime, forgiveness and love in the scenery of the cold Chinese mountains. The financial analysis of a Chinese IT firm has been stolen, and a senior executive at the investment bank that wrote it must pay a ransom before the confidential report is released to the public. However, eyebrows are raised when the thieves ask for a surprisingly low amount for the ransom. What are the thieves really after? A stark portrayal of the hardships faced by farmers, Mulshi Pattern tackles some of the raging issues of our times. The film lays bare the deep flaws of the system which turns the farmer into a criminal and a social outcast.  After finding a lump in one of her breasts, Magda goes to visit her doctor who gives her bad news: she needs a mastectomy, preceded by severe chemo treatments. While she ponders this ill fortune at a soccer game where her son Dani participates, she attracts the attention of talent scout Arturo, who is looking for talented young players to enroll them in the junior leagues. A troubled family moves to New York. A man gets turned on watching his wife with other men as long as she plays by the rules. When she brings home a a new stranger who likes to play his own games, the husband finds his marriage in jeopardy. Lea, a disturbed teenager, copes with depression and bullying as best as she can. Constantly butting heads with her single, struggling mother, she is driven into a bad group of so called friends. When she witness a murder, she finds herself cornered and fiercly fighting for her own life that she had tried to take so many times. When a pedestrian is hit by a bus, the simple clerk Arandir runs and kisses the moribund in a gesture of sympathy and unconditional pure love. Opportunist photographer Amado Pinheiro witnesses the scene and sees the opportunity to sell newspaper and, together with the despicable and abusive chief of police Cunha, accuses Arandir of homosexuality. This is the untold story of Britain's deadliest illegal gun. Charting every shooting of Gun No 6 and  exposing the realities of modern gun crime.  A refugee and an homeless guy share the difficulties of a night on the streets of Lisbon, facing starvation, cold and an uncertain future. Joined by destiny, together in fate? Roommates Yoo-jin, Eun-soo, Bo-ram, and Da-young are cramming for a college entrance exam. It's difficult for them to adapt to the stifling atmosphere of the women's lodging institute - and to get along with each other due to their differing personalities. Yoo-jin has the most difficulty with the stuffy institute life. she begins to have visions of events that took place at the institute in the past - like the tragic fire that occurred years ago. Yoo-jin gradually becomes consumed with fear, and the relationship among the four intimate friends begins to suffer. Hell-bent on avenging the murder of his family, a former detective infiltrates a remote island that serves as a prison for vicious death row criminals. Inspector Boro is an incorruptible, no-nonsense cop highly skilled in martial arts who gets suspended for bashing up a well connected gang of traffickers. A Superintendent of Police asks him to unofficially track down a girl named Sabrina Rai who has been missing for four days. While investigating, he learns that someone had taken her from her village to Guwahati city under the pretext of training her for the hospitality industry. While trying to track her down, Inspector Boro finds that her phone is switched off and she is missing from her hostel. He then heads to Guwahati and punches and kicks his way to the uncomfortable truth - Sabrina might have been entangled in a trafficking ring run by a corrupt policeman. A newsreel photographer neglects his love life to get the perfect shot. Hungarian film. The story starts because of one journey. Seven people who have never met before climb aboard the same ride that goes into a seemingly endless tunnel. Despite the countless trials, corpses that mysteriously appear, past acquaintances that returned from the dead and an unseen danger threatening to swallow them whole, it's as if they are trapped in an enclosed space where there is no escape. Growing up can be a bumpy road, and it's no exception for Riley, who is uprooted from her Midwest life when her father starts a new job in San Francisco. Riley's guiding emotions-- Joy, Fear, Anger, Disgust and Sadness--live in Headquarters, the control centre inside Riley's mind, where they help advise her through everyday life and tries to keep things positive, but the emotions conflict on how best to navigate a new city, house and school. The gay mafia "Gang of Cherry" is residing at a construction site somewhere in Thailand. One of its most notorious members is Mac aka "PlayBoy", a gay male prostitute with an addiction for sm sex. Bipolar Cherry is the gang's leader. The situation escalates when a shipment of drugs disappears. A beautiful young spy moves back to her rural home and solves mysteries with the help of her home-schooled childhood friends. Chan Wing Yan, a young police officer, has been sent undercover as a mole in the local mafia. Lau Kin Ming, a young mafia member, infiltrates the police force. Years later, their older counterparts, Chen Wing Yan and Inspector Lau Kin Ming, respectively, race against time to expose the mole within their midst. Two Vigilant best-friends go on a spree of robberies to maintain their lifestyles. Its a small world, as their lesson is to keep their enemies closer. South of Italy. Rosa is a woman with a troubled past. Gino, Rosa's lover, is a violent landowner engaged in dogfights. When Rosa meets Nathaniel, a french drifter, her life takes a new, unexpected turn. When martial arts champion Pinoy (Shishir Inocalla) travels to America, his fighting skills are put to the test when he finds himself in the middle of a violent gang war. Forced into sudden street combat against fierce members of the Crazy Dragons gang, Pinoy saves the life of Jesse (Ernie Reyes, Jr. - Red Sonja,The Last Dragon). Impressed with Pinoy's amazing fighting abilities and grateful for his life, Jesse befriends the stranger, introducing him to his father. David Reis is a young computer technician who, after losing his job, gets involved,alongside his friend Luis Pires, in a risky business. Luis, an independent journalist who is narcissistic and obsessed with fame, wants to use David's hacking skills to leak classified data that would prove fraud in the voting polls of the 2014 presidential elections. This examination of a famous scandal from the 1970s explores the relationship between Barbara Baekeland and her only son, Antony. Barbara, a lonely social climber unhappily married to the wealthy but remote plastics heir Brooks Baekeland, dotes on Antony, who is homosexual. As Barbara tries to "cure" Antony of his sexuality -- sometimes by seducing him herself -- the groundwork is laid for a murderous tragedy. This is a story inspired by true events, about life, love, and hustle, just as it is with young people struggling to close the gap brought about by unemployment and lack of proper support from those they expect it from. Omosh and Kim's hustle turn sour when their life-changing scheme turns tragic  Tommy Lee (Phillip Rhee) comes to visit his sister and finds that the town is being overrun with members of the Arian brotherhood. These Arian brothers certainly weren't expecting a Taekwondo expert to show up. Tommy and his sister's husband played by Christopher Mcdonald team up to stop the racism. whats better than watching neo-nazis get the crap kicked out of them? when the person kicking the crap out of them is dressed like homie the killer clown, complete with big red shoes and a foam nose. and thats just ONE of the MANY many many many many many cinematic jewels contained within this action packed blessing to the silver screen.this is the best worst martial arts film since sonny chiba's street fighter! you don't believe me? see for yourself namby-pants and check out the best of the best 3. now!!! Born on a sharecropping plantation in Northern Florida, Ray Charles went blind at seven. Inspired by a fiercely independent mom who insisted he make his own way, He found his calling and his gift behind a piano keyboard. Touring across the Southern musical circuit, the soulful singer gained a reputation and then exploded with worldwide fame when he pioneered couping gospel and country together.  A petty thief posing as an actor is brought to Los Angeles for an unlikely audition and finds himself in the middle of a murder investigation along with his high school dream girl and a detective who's been training him for his upcoming role... 